
I've owned many PDA phones and this is the best looking phone I have ever owned. I'm on Google Talk and the integration is great. BUT, don't ever put on any hand sanitizer just before you handle the phone since it can easily slip out of your hand and crash on the floor. Luckily my phone still works since it landed on a not so soft carpet. The slide out keyboard is a bit looser than it used to be now. I just think that the designers sacrificed practicality for style.I found the lack of a video camera to be a throwback; my last two PDAs had video cameras.

The Palm Pre is a great phone with very smooth operating system. There are definitely things that the company can still work on. But once you have the thing, it's hard to switch, the OS is so much more elegent with its card system than the iphone.It's such a pain to open things and close things all the time on the iphone, and Android just is not all that smooth.Palm is still a small company, but they are very motivated, so they are coming out with updates and improvements every months and you get updates on the phone right away. I think Apple is great, but sometimes, it feels great to have a phone looks a little different than everyone else in the subway :)I highly recommend this phone. But maybe it would be a good idea to wait for Verizon to release the phone in the next couple months. (their CEO says they will soon). By then, I think Pre will have a new updated version. That version will resolve some of the issues that you see mentioned in the rest of reviews here.

Updated 6/10/10Bottom line - WebOS and Palm is the easiest powerful smartphone to use.  But I would wait till the next one comes out this year if given the choice.My wife asked me to get her a new US Cellular phone, and as they were bringing out their first Android phone, I got her one.  (US Cellular has the best coverage in our part of rural Wisconsin, hands-down).  The Samsung Acclaim is a good phone, in fact, a better PHONE than the Palm Pre.  The phone app is more polished, so that you can't accidentally hang up on someone, and the built-in speaker is actually adequate for speaker-phone use.HOWEVER, when trying to use the rest of the apps on the phone, then I found out how nice WebOS really is.  True multi-tasking, much more accessible menus, better browser interface (back and forth arrows in WebOS browser, not in Android!) and much better laid out app store.  While the Android is certainly usable and learnable, it is just not nearly as nice to use as WebOS.  Kind of the difference between Windows for the legions and Macs for those who want simple functionality, but without the rigid control that Apple has on the iPod/Phones/Pads.So now I am waiting for the rumored new Palm phone to come out later this year, which will hopefully have a better PHONE along with the WebOS elegance.Update 5/10/10Astonishing sound on the included earbuds!Granted, I am not an audiophile, but tonight I ran across the little ear phones that came with my Pre.  Plugged them in, started up Pandora, and was totally floored by Pink Floyd and Jimi Hendrix!  There is detail to that music that I never heard before, and is way clearer than on my Creative Zen with Sony ear buds.Phone features still not perfect, but loving Sync, so that when I call or answer a call, Sync adds the # to my Contacts appropriate person without any handholding by me at all.  Slick!  When the App Store takes off more with productivity apps, and medical ones in particular, it will really mature like my previous Palm functionality.Update 4/4/10Now on the WebOS 1.4.1.1 update, it is starting to be a good phone, and I can appreciate the WebOS more all the time.  I like being able to type on any screen, and it searches contacts, apps, and if I want, the web for results.  The phone functions are still not quite as polished as the Centro (beeping for missed calls, messages, etc) but it is pretty good and reliable now.Battery life is better now, especially now that I know to turn off data radio and roaming if in a rural metal building (one of my outreach clinics) so it doesn't drain itself.I really like the way it Bluetooth Audios and Phones with my Ford Escape Hybrid computer, so I can listen to Pandora and make calls hands-free while driving.  Also, video camera has been activated 1 update back, so I can take impromptu kid videos!Epocrates is now out for Palm WebOS phones!I did figure out how to convert my old medical pearl notes into PDFs, so they are readable.  But still need a good document editor!So now, after almost a year of owning this phone, I do like it, and would get another Palm.  I like not being tied to Apple's store and don't know enough about Androids. But, given a choice, I'd get a Palm Pre Plus, with more memory for my music collection so I could dump my MP3 player, and it has a better keyboard, and Touchstone back included.==============================================Update 12/6/09(Context - I've been using a Palm since my 1st, a Palm IIIx in residency in about 2000)I am tired of this stupid phone freezing up every other time I try to start or exit Motion Apps Classic (required to run Epocrates) and of taking it out of my pocket and finding it inexplicably dead, shortly after it had just showed 50% battery life, which happenned occasionally with the Palm Centro, too.  I am tired of not being able to use Speed Dial from the phone app.  The Palm Centro actual phone part worked pretty well; on this, the phone program is one the weakest programs on it.  I spend far too much time trying to get it to just do basic things, like switch back to the dial pad during a call to a pharmacy where I have to punch numbers in. Half the time it was just lagging, so the second time I stab at it loses the dial screen I was trying to restore.There is still no app out that will run all my Wordsmith notes of various clinical things that I have saved up over the years, which along with the re-sizable screen was why I got the Pre.Still no video.  Still no Yahoo Calendar sync (at least not that I could get working, despite latest update from Palm recently).It is kind of cool that you can enlarge a lot of text screens for weak eyes, and that with Synergy you can type a name from any screen, and it will bring up your contacts - which is good since the stupid speed dial doesn't work for squat.Palm's App Store 6 months after the phone came out: still in Beta.  Few medical apps.  You must get Motion Apps Classic to use Epocrates usefully, and now in the last month, Classic freezes up all the time, especially the last 2 weeks.  Not much help if you are in clinic and trying to actually WORK.All in all, a disappointment that I am unfortunately stuck with.  At least Sprint should be able to send me another one that will hopefully not die at random times.In the meantime, doctor beware.===============================================================================================I have been using Palm Pilots to practice medicine for 10 years now, and can't imagine being without one.  When the Centro came out, I got one so that I'd have a small functional one-device-does-it-all, instead of cell phone, pager, and Palm (or huge Treo).  However, lately my arms aren't long enough to always read my Centro's text, so when I was at Best Buy a couple weeks ago without my GPS, I took a look at a Pre.  WOW.  Beautiful text that gets bigger or smaller as you want.  Since I already had Sprint Everything plan, it only cost me $149 + car charger to upgrade to a Pre, and they changed it over for me right in the store (the phone #/activation, not my contacts and programs).So far I am very pleased with it, overall.  While the battery needs charging every day, that's nothing new to me, with the way I use Epocrates and other medical programs so much anyway.  With a USB charging cable, and computers multiplying on their own in hospitals and clinics now, charging isn't a problem.I was most interested in staying with Palm because of my hundreds of clinical pearl notes in Wordsmith format.  Unfortunately, Wordsmith doesn't seem to run in Classic (odl Palm emulator) when I tried it.  I was able to easily convert my files to RTF, but haven't yet figured out how to see them on the new Pre, as the Doc View app is picky about where it looks, and doesn't have a prefs menu, or help menu.  So that's a little bit of a downside.ALso, not all programs have enlargeable text, App Catalog being a notable TinyText app.  C'mon Palm!I love the GPS.  One of the reasons I got it somewhat unplanned was that we'd forgot our GPS when we were visiting relatives.  Sprint GPS works almost as good as our Garmin (no cool Aussie accent lady though).I have a Ford Escape with Sync in it.  Sync'd with Bluetooth without a hitch!  I do wish it had the old IR port to transfer stuff back and forth with old Palms, though.I had to set up Google Mail and Calendar, but they work well, and now I don't even have to HotSync at work to have my calendar updated.  My old Contacts and Calendar transferred from an XP computer flawlessly. (but the DTA program didn't run on my Windows 7 (beta) laptop, which otherwise rocks!)Physically, seems sturdy, other than the chintzy cover over the microUSB port.  As to the small keyboard - heck, it's bigger than my Centro, and works fine with my short fingernails and size 8 glove hands.Oh - the phone works very well, though not as many options as on my Centro. With Sprint Everything (or whatevery my $99 plan is called) I can use my phone everywhere, no matter if roaming or not.  Web access/speed is great, too, MUCH better than Centro which was barely usable for web browsing.  With the Pre, I can surf any medical site or news I want now, not to mention my new Facebook account...  Takes good pictures, too.  Can't wait till takes video, so can use for candid kid videos.All-in-all, a great buy.  Highly recommended!  when more medical and document editing apps are out, and some more OS upgrades, will be unbeatable.Comparison with IPhones - I don't know.  We never could get my wife's IPod to work on 2 different home computers, and I am not about to put a program like ITunes on my work laptop that stops the computer cold when an MP3 player stops working, and demands you use it for music!  Also, no keyboard to use with medical programs.  So IPhones were never even a serious option.  Pretty toys though to watch Youtube on.

I switched from Verizon to Sprint because I wanted to save money(about 50.00 a month) and to get my hands on the Pre.  I am someone who changes cells rapidly(say every 6 months).  Ive gone from flips back in the day to the Dare to the Iphone(ive also had every carrier except t mobile).  Of course the Iphone is amazing, the Blackberry Tour is awesome, and teh Dare was easy to use but the Pre to me is just an amazing piece of technology. The ease of use is unreal.  Downloading apps(im not a big app guy i only like a few for news sports facebook) is simple. Web surfing is amazing especially compared to blackberry and even the iphone. The feel of the phone is like its meant to be in your hand. Perfect build.  Syncing of email, calendars is so easy.  I love opening multiple apps at a time. Makes the user experience so much better and i could seriously never go back to only opening one app at a time.  Only negatives are of course no video recording and no fowarding of text messages.  Ive had no issues with sprint cust serv. I was sprint in 1998 and they were bad. Now it seems they are better. Verizon had great cust serv but there was always always something on my bill.  Anyway the Pre to me hands down is the best phone ive ever had.

Between the random power shutdowns and the fragility of this tech fail, you may as well hang on to your dial-up rotary phone. I'm shopping right now to replace it... and honestly, i'm surprised it hasn't gotten skipped across the Potomac within a week of receiving it. Buy any other phone...I will.

ProsMultitasking!!!!KeyboardHomebrew apps (this allows for su much customization that it would take too much time to explain, just visit [...])CalendarSynergy with Google and FacebookFacebook app got so much better, and keeps updating versions to improveConsSmall (but growing) app storeThat's it!I have always been a Palm faithful fan, but when my Treo 650 got stole I bought the Treo Pro and was so disgusted with Windows Mobile, that after a couple of months I was almost praying for the pre to finally make it's appereance. Meanwhile to have a little fun (word that is not in the WinMo dictionary) I played with my husbands Ipod Touch, and when he got the I-phone the Touch was just for me. I loved it, specially the facebook app. But the virtual keyboard was a dealbreaker, and even though there are 100,000 apps, I really could not help but miss the productivity of my Treo 650.Since I live in Honduras a Palm Pre was hard to get, but finally I got one, and I am sooo in love with it. I objectively believe that WebOs is much better than the I-phones OS, the multitasking alone is beautyful, and the hardware with it's full keyboard is just great.It is late at night so I will update another day, there is so much to tell about this phone, I can't believe it is still not selling as much as the Iphone. :(UPDATEI keep loving  my phone, webos is so great, unfortunately I can only access free apps from Honduras, but I hope this will change soon (pleaaaseee).WebOS 2.0 is coming soon and it will bring much more productivity.I highly recomend going to [...], and if you like living on the edge, join the homebrew community, you can customize your phone with patches, improve it's ram (from 500 to 1 GH) and a million other things, safely, over the air and with a whole lot of support from the forums.What better review than rederecting you to the site that has all the reviews about the phone and how to make it truly yours with costumization go to [...] (I am not associated with it in any way, just love it)

Have had the pre for about 8 months now and I can say it's easily the best phone I've had.  Multi-tasking is something you don't appreciate until you use it.  To give you and example, I may be checking a score on ESPN, flip over while the page is loading to see how my stocks are doing, get an email in between, flip over to it and read it.  Head back over to ESPN and check the score leaving all cards open.  Can't do that with the Iphone and webos is much more fluid than the android system (very fragmented).  Palm is putting a lot of work and constant updates for the phone to give the best user experience.  Highly recommend it.

This is the best smartphone on the market. I have had it for the last 6 months, and had no problems with it. It does what it says: mult-tasking. This phone is always compared to the iPhone, the iPhone is popular and over hyped with all the TV ads. The Palm Pre allows you to do more, and comes with more features out of the box. With the recent software updates, the Palm Pre has become faster, and more battery efficient. I have used iPhones, Blackberry Curves, Samsung Instinct, HTC Touch Pro, and Palm Treos in the past, and the Pre is my favorite. I especially recommend this phone to people would check their email frequently, have many contacts on facebook and linked in. If you are comparing Android to the Pre, apps on the Pre are more smooth, apps on android devices aren't smooth, and Android is going to fail like Windows Mobile because of device limitations.

To be to the point, the palm pre has AWEFUL quality control. The one I recieved had so much side to side wobble, one would think the phone actually slid sideways... Well it shouldn't! I didn't bother turning it on, I returned it the same day. If you think I'm the only one with this problem, think again and head to You Tube for the MANY vids with people with the same prob. This phone is hardly the "iPhone" killer, if you're thinking between the two go iPhone...I wrote this review on my iPhone.

I started checking out reviews well before this phone was released.  Then finally it came out - a touch screen smartphone with a real keyboard!  So I made the jump from Verizon to Sprint because of the phone but more importantly because Sprint is significantly cheaper.  Let me preface this review with what I look for in a phone.  I was previously a Verizon Blackberry 8800 user.  Though it was simple (good given current technology at the time), the phone was solidly built (felt heavy) and before I dropped it way too many times, it operated very smoothly.  It was meant for business and it was very customizable.Since I started using the Pre over 2 months ago I quickly realized that the phone is "gimicky."  It doesn't do anything very well.  Compare it to an iPhone for media capabilities and its sub-par.  Compare it to a blackberry for email and other "professional" uses and its...well not worthless, but not much better.  The OS in concept is excellent, but they executed it very poorly.  Probably my biggest qualm is the fact that it is so unresponsive...a good example would be when i press the send button on the screen and nothing happens so i press it again.  however, by pressing it a second time, i actually end up ending my phone call because the phone was so delayed in placing the call.  This, in addition to many other things makes it an extremely frustrating phone to use day in and day out.  Given the fact that it has more or less the same hardware as an iPhone, I expected a hell of a lot more.  The OS also lacks many features.  To put it simply, it is barely customizable.  Big turn off.Now on to hardware.  The only thing impressive about the hardware is the screen (camera takes decent pics too).  Other than that, it seems palm spent more time figuring out ways to cut corners than they did actually designing the phone.  The phone is all made out of thin, cheap glossy black plastic that seems like it would crack if you dropped a nickel on it.  Compare it to the new motorola droid which is made out of metal.  Also the screen wobbles quite a bit.  Another big design flaw is the keyboard.  And I know there are plenty of users out there that say "well you get used to it."  Unlike them, I am not a proponent of mediocrity.  The keyboard is crap plain and simple.  Play with a blackberry tour keyboard side by side and it's a world of difference.  Finally, the battery won't last half a day with average use.  I could go 2 days with my blackberry doing the same things (checking email, texts, a couple brief phone calls).  Big let down...2 stars

First things first, I owned an iPhone 3G for over a year.  In that time, Apple decided to basically give iPhones away, and in New York City, where I live and work, my iPhone became an iTouch that sometimes made phone calls.Looking for an alternative, I found the Pre - the Pre is easily the best alternative to the iPhone, probably above Droid, because it closely mimics everything the iPhone does, has multitouch, and operates on a much faster 3G network.  What the Pre is lacking is the polish that you get with an iPhone in several areas:1) Design: While I love the look and feel of it, the build quality is not quite as good as the iPhone. It's plastic, and not as sturdy as the iPhone. It's subtle, but it feels a little loose sometimes.2) Polish:  While Palm is new to the 'app' phone space, they have been making smartphones for almost a decade, and some very simple things are not done right. Spell check is a joke compared to the iPhone, I would even say it's non-existant, aside from adding an apostrophe here and there or turning "u" into "you."  Music App is not nearly as good as the iPhone's, little annoyances are everywhere. That said, I greatly prefer the notification system over the iPhone.3) Contacts bonanza:  While Palm made it incredibly easy to set up gmail and exchange mail, the phone also imports a billion contacts without asking you, and your phone is full of people you never email or call. Worse, you can't use the facebook app without adding the hundreds of friends to your phone as contacts. Thankfully they can easily be removed. You can do things the old fashioned way, importing from outlook, which can be done through iTunes. Tip: to sync "My contacts" instead of "all contacts" in Gmail(like the iPhone does) use the EAS Gmail setup.------Concerns I had:1) Apps: I didn't use apps that much, and any app that used the internet was basically useless, so the Apps thing was not a big deal for me. Also, the key apps I did use (Google maps, NY Times, Movie showtimes, yelp, twitter, directv superfan) were all there. For most apps you can visit the actual website faster than the app. The only app I really miss is Shazam, hopefully they are working on that one. In time, any app that was popular will be copied for the pre, simply because it's so easy to program for and it can be just as lucrative.2) Network: Anything was going to be better than AT&T.;  Sprint, in NYC, is fantastic. I have been using the phone for 3 months now and NOT 1 dropped call, and the EV-DO network is several times faster than AT&Ts.; Downside: you can't google while someone is talking to you.3) Keyboard: The keyboard is small, and I have larger than normal hands, but I had no problems. It could be a bit bigger, but I have found it to be less annoying than the on screen keyboard. Even tho my thumb is the size of several keys, I can usually hit the right one. All in all much faster than the iphone. Copy+ paste is a little goofy.4) Battery: People complained of short battery life but I found it was on par with the iPhone. It needs a charge daily, you can probably squeek 2 days out with wifi off and limited use.-------Things that make this phone great1) Instant search:  You open your phone and begin typing, and immediately you are calling, texting, googling, or wikipeidaing.  What took 4-5 taps on an iPhone takes literally 1 second.2) SPRINT IS DIRT CHEAP! I used to pay over $100 a month with AT&T; - now, with taxes my bill is $80 for unlimited mobile to mobile, texting, picture texting, internet, and 450 mins to landlines on weekdays. You can cancel an AT&T; plan, sell your iPhone, and make up the difference in a matter of months. You save HUNDREDS over after a year.3) NFL NETWORK: I don't know why Sprint doesn't advertise this, but they have what any NFL fan on Time Warner or Comcast wants. LIVE NFL NETWORK. The picture is ok but the audio is all you really need. Also a bunch of highlights from last sunday's games, news feed, fantasy.4) Free Turn-by-turn directions: Why pay $100 for some gps app when it's free on your phone?5) iTunes Sync: Very easy to get your music and photos on the device. It works with any version before 9.01, I don't know why anyone needs the latest iTunes, but it won't work with that.6) Camera takes great pictures, flash works ok. Camera is arguably better than the iPhone 3G.7) Background Apps: When you are using a phone heavily, it is really convenient to go back and forth between apps.In short, if you live in SF or NYC or anywhere else AT&T; is terrible and Sprint is good, get this phone.

Ok, I have been using the Palm Pre for 4+ months now and I have to say its the best phone I ever had.  No need to reboot your phone to get it to work right like the Windows Mobile phones.  No need to go into memory manager to really close applications like windows mobile and android.  Beautiful and very intuitive.  All your data is synced into the cloud like Google's GMail and so forth.  Speaker phone is nice and loud and love the GPS turn by turn directions.  I bought an aux capable so that I can plug my phone into my car speakers when I need directions.  The app store is growing and not with the focus of quantity but with the focus on quality.  Android and  iphone boast a lot of applications but if you want to wade through 100 fart applications, more power to you.  The updates for the phone keep coming frequently. The next update (1.4) which is scheduled for end of Jan or early Feb 2010 is going to include video record and edit capabilities.Look, I can go on and on about how this phone truly is the ultimate communication and information organization device but you have to experience for yourself.  Layered calendars so when I go look at the events for the day, my work calendar, and my personal calendar show up like one or you can drop down and look into the calendars separately.  Contacts are pulled from your various accounts that you have set up on the phone and synchronized into one big pot without duplicates.  Now you never have to go into contacts looking for a person, just open your phone and start typing a name and you go right to them with options on how you want to communicate.Palm hit the ball out of the park and now Android and other OSes are trying to copy some of their winning formulas.  This is the phone to get if you value stability, ease of use, organization, and rich feature set.  Run, don't walk to buy this phone.P.S.  The phone/OS is so good, I had to barter to get a Palm Pixi for my wife.Dueces

WebOS is a revolutionary computing platform, and this device really shows it off! Serious features such as email, calendar, web browser etc are all implemented with elegance, power and ease of use. Compatible to the max as well... synergy takes the complexity of syncing with your stuff. Using Linux? No problem! This device does not discriminate. Even use Wifi abroad for a truly worldwide device (just got back from France, didn't bring my laptop thanks to the power of the Pre). I LOVE MY PALM PRE.

I am an IT Consultant who has had access to several Smarphones in my line of work (also have had to set them up for Many End Users): Blackberry, Windows Mobile, Android, iphone, Samsung proprietary, etc. The reason I chose the Palm Pre is simple: "Real Life":I need to be able to get to emails, contacts, web sites, etc. and I don't want to have to close any app I am in (hello iphone no Multi-Tasking).I need to be on top of emails (hello Blackberry email outages).I need to be able to get to all my apps easily (hello Windows Mobile and Android).The system of Multi-tasking "Cards" on the Palm Pre is so intuitive. You move the cards side to side till you get to the one you want to work on. Tap the Card and start working. Slide your finger on the Gesture area, and it minimizes the card. Move the cards around, tap on a new card, work on that card. The new apps that are coming out are being ported over from the iphone (3D Games). The Notification system is top notch. Texts, emails, Calendar reminders, and any other reminders from other apps don't pop up on the main screen and keep you from doing work. They appear at the bottom with the least amount of interruptions.Email works great with the Unified messaging. All emails at one view and you can go directly to the email account you want to look at or view them all. Texting and IM are combined so you can IM somebody and continue the conversation via MMS. The Calendar allows you to have several accounts in one view and also seperate each account view. Basically putting you in control of your life, all different facets of it.And just FYI, choosing the Pre on Sprint is saving me over $50/Month over my friend who has the iphone: I showed him how my phone worked the other day and told him how much I spend a month and he will be switching over to the Sprint Palm Pre. If you are a Business Professional, don't limit yourself.  Every minute I save I put it to use on something important. The Palm Pre helps make me more productive!!! You owe it to your success...Palm Pre.

Palm Pre is fantastic.  This is a testament to a smaller company working harder than the big one's to design a operating system that is TOP NOTCH!  I'm a loyal PALM owner for more than 15 years and the PRE is Gem that is not getting as much credit as it deserves!

I absolutely love my Palm Pre and Sprint's service!I work with computers throughout the day and find having the Palm Pre indispensable.  Actually, I've even been in situations with client's Windows 2003 servers being down and able to browse the internet in Pre's web browser to find and resolve problems local.  If you need a device with excellent multitasking, web cable browser, true POP and IMAP support (unlike Blackberry), and fantastic/inexpensive telco service coming from Sprint...the Palm Pre is a excellent choice and even better with the recent price reduction.What I love the most about my Palm Pre:1. Multitasking - perfectly implemented2. Synergy - combined IMAP, Google, Facebook syncing of all accounts for easy communication and updates3. Very Fast Web Browsing - one of the best web browsers on any mobile device4. Email - remote communication is a BIG PLUS!!! Supports IMAP/POP/Exchange5. Sprint - rocks in North Central Florida...used to be a Verizon customer and now I'm getting 3x as much service (web, email, SMS, MMS, etc) for the same price I used to pay on Verizon providing on phone and text

I won't rehash every other review I've seen on here but this is what I'll say:Pros:1. The plans are great.  Unlimited data, texting, lots of minutes, all for about $30 a month lower than iphone.  Likely better network too with great call quality.2. Free nav3. Open source development, mainly free apps, and lots more of em recently.  Good community of developers who simply love to work with this phone.4. Ability to easily upgrade battery.5. Good camera with *flash* unlike iphone.6. WiFi on board7. Real keyboard.  There's a free app for virtual keyboard and landscape-mode texting if you're into that.8. Fits easily in pocket even with a case.Cons:1. Slider build quality - wiggle.  I got the $7 a month insurance plan just in case.2. Standard battery (stinks on most smartphones).  Get a new battery.3. Sprint customer care.4. Rarely freezes up (maybe once a week or two).  Restart times are a couple of minutes.

Frequent updates, a vibrant homebrew community, and oh yeah, the most revolutionary easy-to-use mobile operating system ever. Once you've tried webOS, it makes using any other phone seem like a chore. The phone itself is great. I was concerned about the small keyboard (I'm 6' 2" with large hands) but was amazed at how easy it actually was (and is) to type. I type far faster on this keyboard than I did on the more full-sized side-layout keyboard on the old HTC phones like the Mogul and Touch Pro. And it definitely beats the heck out of any onscreen keyboard -- although if you want one, that's available, too.I've always been an early adopter, jumping on the Next Big Thing(tm) as soon as it comes out. The Palm Pre has made me feel that I've found a great, long-term phone. Palm averages one major update per month, so it's like getting a new phone all the time. I love it, and I can't imagine going back to anything else.

Title says it all. WebOS is the best operating system on mobile phones today. Multi-tasking allows you to have several apps open at once and switch between them seamlessly without having to stop any of them. Fantastic!

The Palm Pre is an excellent device!  Is it perfect?  No.  But there isn't a device on the market without flaws.  This is the only smartphone I have ever owned but I've watched my friends struggle with the problems of other smartphones so compared to them I know I'm much better off with the Palm Pre.

buttons are way too small. battery is horrible. turns itself off all the time. phone goes unresponsive all the time, have to remove the battery to reset it. feels cheaply made. after a few months use, starts to feel like it is coming a part where the two pieces separate for sliding.

THe Palm Pre is the best smartphone on the market, and the coolest gadget I own.  I like to start reveiws with shortcomings, but there really aren't any.  I know the battery life isn't what some other phones have, but then when you buy a Hummer, you don't complain about the gas mileage!The phone is a perfect size.  The screen is comfortable, the colors bright and super clear, and it still fits easily in my pocket.  The keyboard slides out solidly and feels like it will last a long time, unlike the keyboard on a certain other company's R2D2 phone.  While some have complained about the size of the keyboard, it is identical to the keyboard on the Treo 755p, and I have no problems using it with my large fingers.Multitasking, Multitasking, Multitasking!  The features are where the Pre really shines.  The card system is so easy and intuitive I can't imagine it hasn't been done before.  Like with Windows, you can have several "cards" of open programs at a time.  The only limit is your RAM.  These programs are really open too, not just paused while you do something else.  You can swipe up to minimize the program you are working with, swipe to the side to select another program, and tap it to work with it.  When you are done, swipe off the top to "throw it away" and close the program.Call quality is also outstanding, which is to be expected with a Palm product.  It sounds better than my landline phone.  So much better that it may find itself replacing said landline soon!OK, so one knock has been the relatively paltry app selection, and while that is true, most people only ever download and use 6 apps.  Do you need a store with a million programs when you only use a dozen or less?  With the 3D hardware onboard (weep weep BalckBerry and Android users) you can play some amazing games.  Tom Clancy's HAWX looks just like the XBOX 360 version!  The accelerometer is so responsive that flying a plane is easy!  Add on Classic ($29.95 from Motion Apps) and you can run most of your old Palm programs on you Pre too.What else?  Oh, don't forget about Palm Synergy!  Yes, all your contacts, calendar, etc are seemlessly backed up and integrated.  Yep, my Wife has a Pre too, and now when she adds an appointment to her calendar she doesn't have to make sure to tell me about it, as it appears in my calendar too within a minute or so!  Way cool for a family on the go!The camera is good at 3 MP, and the Pre can shoot video since February with the 1.4 update.  If you get your Pre and you can't shoot video, either run the updater or wait a day or two for the update.Go out and buy a Pre now!!!  You won't regret it.  I know there are only 5 stars available, but consider this the highest rated item I have ever rated at Amazon.com by an extra star!

phone looks sleek but is easily scuffed and scratched. The only good thing about this phone is its ability to multi-task and the camera decent. it beats the iphone on that. the palm pre has Terrible apps, slow processing speed, lots of software problems. Its not worth getting. Get the sprint EVO if you are to go with spring. Sprint will not allow you any movement with the phone. your stuck with it. stay away!

I owned my original iPhone for two very happy years.  I wanted to upgrade to the 3GS but my husband and I agreed that it would be smart to switch to Sprint in order to save money.  Well, I wasn't very happy about this.  My husband has a Palm Pre, and he's all ga-ga over it, but I wanted a phone with a virtual keyboard, so I initally got the HTC Hero.  After two weeks I couldn't take it anymore... it was simply not easy to use and the virtual keyboard drove me nuts.  So I traded it in for a Palm Pre (to my husband's secret delight).I miss being part of the "iPhone club," having a bigger screen, and having virtual voicemail... but outside of that?  I'm a very happy customer.  The Palm Pre has turned this unwilling recipient into a proud owner.What do I like about it?  EASE OF USE.  The HTC Hero was a headache to understand.  With the Palm Pre, I was able to figure it out within a day or two, as though I had been using it for years.  The cards system of multitasking is genius in its simplicity, and very effective.  I can easily flow from the web browser to my emails to my texts and calendars effortlessly.It also helps that the Palm Pre is a much more open ecosystem than the iPhone, which allowed my husband to install an iPhone theme onto my Pre (for old-time's sake!), to make it look exactly like an iPhone.  I know you can "jailbreak" an iPhone to do this also but the vast majority of people don't know how to do that, whereas any average Joe can make the Pre look and sound just like a Pre.  My husband actually DESIGNED a Blackberry theme for the Pre and it's one of the most frequently downloaded.Another thing I really like about the Pre is the screen.  It's smaller, but vibrant and beautiful.  The HTC Hero had 65,000 colors, but the Palm Pre? Sixteen million!This may sound silly but another feature I like is the mirror on the back of the Pre's slider.  Ladies (and guys, you too!)... this is a very useful feature!Palm's App Catalog has a growing number of apps, some of which I find really useful, like Pandora, Google Maps, and Flixster.  I haven't missed the thousands of iPhone apps quite like I thought I would because to be honest I didn't download that many when I had my iPhone.I really like the camera on the Pre.  Fast shutter times, and great outdoor quality pictures.  Indoors the quality suffers in low light... but when there's NO light then we can use the Pre's built-in flash.Finally, updates. I like how Palm regularly updates this phone.  With the iPhone they would only come once in a while.  It's good to know that Palm is continually striving to improve their product.  The Pre now saves pictures and copies text from the browser and forwards text messages.  Full flash capability is coming soon which will make the browser even better.  (My husband told me to put that part in!)Things I don't like? Battery life is pretty bad.  My phone will certainly be dead in the morning if I forget to charge it overnight.  My husband surprised me with a Touchstone charger and if you get this phone you HAVE to get this accessory.  I don't have to fiddle with wires or anything... just set my phone down and I'm done.  Another thing I don't like is that things aren't quite as snappy on this phone as on my friend's iPhone 3GS... but it has gotten faster with updates and again I can do more than one thing at once on the Pre.That's pretty much it!  I'm not a very techie person, just an average consumer and smartphone user.  I thought I would miss the iPhone more than I am now, but to be honest, the Palm Pre has been a pleasant surprise.  I really like it.  If you're on Sprint or on another network considering the Pre, it gets my vote.

The review in one run-on sentence: Form factor is great, and it is a very usable smart phone with some great features that truly take advantage of wireless connectivty, but hindered by weak battery life (that may improve when Palm fixes a bug on the phone).I am going to talk about general impressions of the phone first, then give some specific info about how the phone suits dedicated Palm users at the end of the review.I love the form factor. Small, thinner than the Treo, but with a gorgeous large screen that looks fantastic playing video. A minor negative is that the thing is slick--Not just visually but physically. I do feel some concern that I will drop it!This has all the basic smart phone functions of calendar, contacts list, task list, etc. They all work fine. One difference from the usual is that instead of hooking the phone to your computer to back up all your information, your information is stored automatically through a wireless hookup. The information is out there in "the cloud" and is available if you need to restore your information after a system crash or if your phone is broken or destroyed. This is great, it happens automatically so you can't forget to back up. But you do lose control of your information. Conceivably hackers or a legal opponent could get access to your information through a tech failure from your cell provider, or by court order. If you deal with sensitive information, you may want to get legal advice. I read that a third-party application is coming that will disable wireless backup and allow backup only by hookup to the computer via USB cable.Internet use is a leg above my Treo. The screen is fantastically detailed, and you access full he-man versions of even big webpages like the New York Times home page. No wimpy "mobile" webpages here! You zoom in to look at specific parts of the website by double-tapping on the screen, or using a pinching or spreading finger gesture to zoom in and out with more precision. Works brilliantly, and the software is very intelligent about lining up the screen with columns of text (for instance) so that you actually see what you wanted to see after zooming. There is a dedicated Youtube viewer app that is excellent. You can order MP3s easily from Amazon's MP3 store.My only gripe about the phone is battery life. About seven and a half hours into my workday, the phone was at 9% battery life remaining and I shut it down into airplane mode to save the battery. Apparently there is a bug in the phone as released that wastes battery power, and a fix is forthcoming. Till that time, I am taking a microUSB cable to work to charge my phone during the day. Battery issues lowered my rating from five stars to four stars.From Sprint (sole vendor for now) the phone is only available with the "Simply Everything" package. This includes a number of different services that you access through the phone.Sprint Television lets you view a selection of programs from different television networks. The images are fine, but the channel selection doesn't inspire me. The main broadcast networks, Speed Channel, Disney Channel, Weather Channel and ABC News Now. For a few networks you can view live feeds, but for most you can just view videos of their programs. In some cases the entire program, in others just highlights. Note that Weather Channel lets you see a series of videos with national or regional forecasts, not the live Weather Channel feed. Sometimes the television channel hesitates or breaks up if cell phone reception is less than perfect. I am not impressed myself, I liked the package on my Treo, which included Comedy Network, Cartoon Network, and Discovery TV much better. On the other hand, Sprint Radio lets you use your Pre to listen to XM channels. There are some great choices, and I think anyone who is interested in music can find something that will appeal.Sprint Navigation is billed as a GPS replacement. But I won't be leaving Fifi (my battered and cheap-oh Magellan 3200) at home on my next trip. Compared to regular GPS, Sprint Navigation is less precise in locating your car. It's decent, but not good enough (for instance) to let your Pre sound a tone and tell you "Turn now!" Instead you are told "Turn left on Willow Street" and have to pick Willow Street out on your own. Not a problem most of the time, but in a busy environment with several closely-spaced turns it can be. You have an option to push a button to call in the address of your destination vocally to your Pre instead of typing it in, plus you can send a location to a friend with a smart phone via text message, these strike me primarily as gimmicks. On a more positive note, there are some features I'm only beginning to play with that look awesome. You can check along your route to find the lowest gas prices, get traffic reports (and bypass Red Zones), or search for any phrase (my favorite undoubtedly will be "Mexican Restaurant" along your route. I'll use Navigation for these, but Fifi will continue to tell me where to turn unless I happen to need a GPS when she's not in my pocket. In which case I'm sure Navigation will be a godsend. Note that Navigation doesn't work fully if you are outside Sprint cell coverage. Also note that it sucks battery power like mad, so you'll be wanting a car charger to hook to. Incidentally, note that Google Maps Mobile is also included. Very useful, including letting you look at satellite images of an area. But it won't give spoken directions.You can take pictures (there's a good camera with flash integrated into the phone) and email them freely to your friends.I've spoken very little of two of the biggest marketing points Palm has tried to use to hype the phone--Synergy, and multitasking. Synergy means that the phone automatically augments your contacts with information pulled from websites such as facebook or myspace for each of your contacts. For me, this is of almost no interest or value. But it does work, and I'm sure for some this will be a big deal. The multitasking lets you work with multiple windows open just like a desktop computer. It works well, and I don't even think about it when I'm using the Pre. Which is as it should be. Very nice feature!I like the phone. If you have freedom to choose a smart phone of any type from any service provider, there are reviews on CNET and elsewhere that compare it to Android, iPhone, and other competitors, and you should read those and make an informed choice. But I am sticking with my Pre, and I suspect (Pre-dict?) that you'll be pleased if you get one!Now a few words for the dedicated Palm users among you--Although I don't go back to Palm Pilot days, I've owned and used some sort of Palm since I got the Palm V on its release date in 1999, and I've owned a Treo for over four years, so I am qualified to speak as one of us!First, don't worry about your data. An application is included which allows a one-time, one-way import of data from Palm Desktop on your computer to the Pre. After that, your data will be in the cloud, and there'll be no more of this desktop computer stuff, thank you very much!Second, do worry about getting around and working on the Pre--But not for long. For users like me with years of knowledge of how to do every little thing on the Palm, I have had a few frustrations the first few days as a Pre user. Most of the basic common functions (especially the basic PDA functions) are very easy to use and comfortable. I could do without the cutesy implementation of memos as Post-it Notes tacked to a bulletin board, though! But seriously, you'll be okay for basic functions. But everything has changed as far as detailed stuff, and sometimes I was stymied about how to do something obscure, but otherwise fairly elementary. I'm learning as I go along, and in a month I suspect I'll know 99% of the stuff I know about the Palm. But I wouldn't switch phones right before a critical business trip or in the midst of a business crisis.If you are a heavy user of third party apps, they are toast as far as the from-the-factory Pre is concerned. There is a third-party application that lets you use (supposedly) 99% of classic Palm applications. If there's some third party application that is absolutely critical to you (perhaps you are a physician with a vital medical application) then I'd seek confirmation that the critical app will run, or is available in a version written for the Pre. The library of applications available is small now, but print is getting the development kit out, and the phone appears to be very developer-friendly. So hopefully that universe of add-ons will grow.If you have an existing Treo, I think the upgrade is worth it if any of the new features appeal to you at all. Don't be afraid, plunge on in!

I could not choose between the pre, the ATT iphone or Verizons Omnia. Once I used the pre I absolutely had to have it. The multitaksing element of it is just so innovative and useful that you wonder how you got along without it, well, at least I do.Battery life was horrible at first, I turned off background data collection and lowered the brightness then after about 5 battery cycles  I noticed a huge difference. I'm sorta satisfied with the battery life now although it doesn't come close to my blackberry curve which had phenomenal battery life.I've had no other hardware problems or software glitches or the like. It works as it should. Call reception could be better, it is inferior to my previous phones.Perhaps my biggest complaint would be the limited selection of apps. I follow app development closely on blogs and I understand that there will likely be oodles of apps once palm starts approving them for the app catalog. For now it really stinks because when I'm looking for an app to perform a certain function, rarely can I find it and I'm not even talking about games. If I want to play a game I'll get out the psp from my backpack. Yesterday, I was looking for an app to manage my expense reports but there are none for the Pre, the iphone on the other hand has a nice selection of such apps. I do, however, applaud Palms attempt to keep an app store that is clean and full of nice apps and not overflowing with 99 cent garbage like the iphone store.One last complaint would be the lack of customization, this will likely be improved as palm releases updates. For now though its a little frustrating. for instance I was wanting to disable the sound for the digital camera so I wouldn't get that annoying click noise when I took a picture. Well there is no way of doing that and that's just one example.

I've had my Pre for a few weeks now and am in love with it!  It came preloaded with GPS, Pandora, Yelp, Google Maps, SprintTV just to name a few. It also lets you access your Yahoo, Gmail, and other email accounts and notifies you when you have email.  I'm listening to Pandora with the earbuds that came with it and am profoundly impressed with the full rich sound, like 3-D (Maybe it IS 3-D,sure seems like it!)  I would give the Pre a 5 if it had more apps, and that seems to be a pretty common issue for a lot of people. My previous phone was the Palm Centro which didn't live up to my hopes for it.  The Pre, which uses WebOS, exceeds them.  It's like carrying a computer in my pocket. The keyboard, while still small, is slightly better than the Centro and the alt keys easier to use. I'm patient to wait a few months for more apps on this new phone, but like everyone else, I'm getting a little antsy.Compared to other phones: I had wanted to get an iPhone, but I've heard nothing but complaints about the dropped calls with AT&T.;  I checked out the G-1, i.e. Google phone, from T-Mobile, but the phone itself was not impressive.  The one I demo'd was clunky and seemed like the keyboard was going to fall off. After demo'ing these phones side-by-side, I ended up going with the Pre even though it meant canceling my Verizon account and setting up with Sprint. Call quality in my location is not as good as Verizon, but it's still good and worked on vacation in a rural area. The customer service has been very friendly and helpful.  Sprint also promised a phone upgrade every year instead of that "new every 2" that sticks you with an old phone while the technology keeps changing.  Still, if Palm doesn't come up with more apps soon, and Apple switches the iPhone to Verizon, I would have to reconsider my Pre obsession.

This is a great phone I love everything about it.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the battery life can be bad sometimes.  Of course, I'm a really really heavy user.

Amazon has engaged in false misleading advertising.  And when I pointed out the problem and that I lost money on it, they did nothing to make ammends.  This Palm Pre plan with Sprint is not for existing sprint customers.  I spent hours working with Sprint Reps and with Amazon, making sure that I could upgrade my plan and get this phone and spent significant amount of money upgrading my plan in order to do this.  In the end my order was cancelled--I was finally told days later that this was because I was already a Sprint customer even though the webpage read that the price was for new 2-year plans which I got.  After speaking with Amazon phone service reps for even more time, three-way conference calls with Sprint and Amazon, I reached no success.  Sprint said that it should be fine.  In the end the Amazon Dept which I was told could help me apparently cannot be reached by phone, but only by e-mail.  I was told that they would respond within 24 to 48 hours which they NEVER did.  Now Amazon has changed the site so when you go to purchase the phone there are two buttons one for current Sprint customers and one for new customers.  Why wouldn't they simply add this to the requirements, that you may not get this price if you are an existing Sprint customer instead of saying simply "with new 2-year service plan".  I was told on the phone by an Amazon Rep that "new service plan means new customers"--then why not say so?  Looks like Amazon is now hustling to change the website, but they never hustled to satisfy this customer who ended up losing both time and money because their initial false advertising (or rather ill-conceived promotional language...)  YUCK!

Some say that the Palm Pre is simply an iPhone imitation or whatever, but in all honesty, I think that it's truly a great phone.  There is a bit of a learning curve in how to use the phone at first, but it's not all that bad.  I really like the new WebOS interface and how it easily allows me to connect with my friends wherever I am.  And of course, the call quality is excellent so far.  Overall, it's a great phone and I highly recommended.  I just wish they'd come out with a GSM version for easier international use though.

The Palm Pre is a great improvement over the Treo series.  It is not quite an iPhone, it has however made a lot of progress towards making inroads on its dominance of the market.Let's be clear here, I needed a smart phone but didn't want to fork out big bucks for the iPhone (and its expensive service plans). Price was a significant factor for me.  I purchased it here on Amazon for $[...], without the hassle of rebate.  Service at Sprint is $[...] per month for unlimited data, text and calls.So far the Sprint service has been good.  I live in the LA area so coverage usually isn't an issue for me.  I would definitely check to make sure you have the service in your area.Phone feel and finish: The phone is pretty, shiny and has a really small keyboard, smaller than the Treo making it difficult to use and prone to mistyping keys.  To charge the phone you must open a flimsy feeling tab by sliding the keyboard down to reach it.  This is annoying and counter intuitive in my opinion.  This becomes an issue because the Pre sucks down the juice and can barley make it through the day without a charge.  Now let's get to the Touchstone charger which replaces the back cover of the Pre with a special cover that supposedly allows you to drop the phone on this hockey puck shaped disk and charge the phone.  Mine barely worked, and with my protective case, not a chance.  The Touchstone charged my phone for a minute one time then I couldn't get it to work again.  After checking out the reviews and the nearly 50% failure rate of the devices, I can safely advise you to stay away from this device until 1)They make it work reliably 2) The price is more realistic (costs $[...] list)Email works great, except, and this is one big exception, Yahoo mail does not like the Palm Pre.  About 2 times a week, my credentials are rejected by Yahoo.  This is a system error on Palms part, not yours.  This bug is fairly well documented, but no one seems to be doing anything about it.  Again, annoying, but not a deal killer.Text messaging is very elegant and works great.  Flawless in my opinion.  They got this one right.  The interface is intuitive and easy to use.Web browsing I would rate fair to very good.  The screen size seems to be the biggest issue.  It is just a little small.  I have been able to utilize it fairly well but it would be nice if it were just a little bit bigger.Contacts are pretty straight forward and get the job done.  The best way to manage them is to manually load all of your contacts into Gmail and let the system automatically import them.  Then in the future, just add your contacts into Gmail for integration on to the phone.  I have had no real problems with themPhone voice quality and reception are very good.  The phone application is intuitive and dialing is fast and reliable. As a matter of fact, I enjoy using the phone the sound quality is very good calls are clear.  Volume is adequate, though I would not say it is overly loud, in fact the audio output is about 75% of what I would like it to be.Wifi is seamless, my phone easily links to the several wireless access points I regularly use.Another nice feature is the auto backup to the cloud, very sweet if you lose the phone, simply go to the Palm website and you can delete your data from the phone.The offering of applications is limited but growing. They are almost all free at this point.  They have the basics covered 270 or so apps at this counting, a few games, and other useless stuff for the most part. Don't buy this phone for the apps because there just aren't enough to even mention right now.After 1 month I am still on my first Palm Pre.  I like it pretty well.  I rate it 3 out of 5 stars right now due mainly to a lack of refinement rather than hardware issues.  I am sure that the Pre will grab market share from iPhone because it is a good value and service is much more reasonable.

The Palm Pre and WebOS are the best things to happen to the smart phone market in some time. As of today there are already 300+ advanced apps available and there will be more every day. Palm Synergy is the best thing since sliced bread and every smart phone should be able to multi-task. Only the iphone 3gs can't.

I read alot of reviews from different touchscreen smart phones and I am so happy with my decision. I can't even find the words to describe this phone. I love how you can scroll through different apps, love the cut and paste, but it would be nice if you can copy paste from web or any html, but I am sure that will soon come. Needs video, and maybe a zoom feature for the camera. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who's thinking about the HTC touch pro 2, iphone or any smartphone. SIIIICK PHONE WITH AWESOME EXTRAS.

Palm Pre is one of the best phones out there in the industry. Packed with a 3.2 Megapixel camera (arguably the best camera on any Sprint device, even better than the HTC Hero which has a 5 megapixel camera) this phone has all the features to offer. It has Wi-fi, a really fast interface, excellent ability to setup and engage with your email address. The touchscreen is highly responsive and videos load fast whether you're using the inbuilt youtube application or you're simply on a webpage. There are many software updates mainly for the battery. I've used the Blackberry Tour, Samsung Instict S30, HTC Touch Pro 2, HTC Hero and I must say that web navigation on the Pre was fare better. All videos play in landslide mode. You cannot take videos, a feature people like me don't care much about. There is no onscreen keyboard for typing texts/emails but there is a slide out keyboard which take a bit of getting used to. I would advise people to start typing slow and eventually they'll get more adapted to the keyboard.Cons -> Limited battery life, which is really what prevents me from giving it 5 stars but then you can take the battery out and if you're going to be getting this phone, I strongly suggest a backup battery just in case. The phone comes with a very bad cheap quality case so you'll have to spend an extra thirty and get a better case. The screen is a finger print magnet.Pros -> 3.5 mm jack, wi-fi, very fast internet navigation, great support and constant software updates which will make your battery last for atleast a day, excellent graphics and menu interface that makes other phones look boring. A great way to close a window would just be to press the button (circle below the screen) and just slide/flip it up and the window closes. Excellent contact integration. Pandora runs seamlessly on this device, the speaker is loud and clear whether on call or while running music/videos. For $69.99 a month, you get unlimited web access including GPS, Sprint TV, unlimited text messaging and unlimited mobile to mobile calling irrespective of carrier. The camera is great and some of the backgrounds look just too good. I would recommend turning the brightness to a lower level to save on battery especially when it's dark outside cause the screen is vibrant enough to be viewed. A mini-usb charging port. Make sure to buy a car charge or the touchstone wireless charger if you're half-interested.If you're thinking about going for this phone or the Pixi, I would suggest you give this a shot. Pixi is no Pre.Web pages are viewed just how they would be on a computer. This phone beats the Android phones with it's WEB OS operating system. Excellent value for money.Some would say Palm could've done better but they're only being cynical. Do you remember the Centro and the earlier Palm Treos based on Palm operating system? The Palm Pre is a much better, more stylish, sophisticated solution to that.Suggestion - Make sure you get the Total Equipment Protection at 7 a month that covers theft,loss and any sort of mechanical/touchscreen failure.Luck.

I've owned about 8 or 9 different phones, including a few smartphones, and the Pre is by far and away the best I've ever owned.Pros:- WebOS is awesome. It feels fresh, intuitive, and overall it just works really well. It doesn't feel like a chore to perform common tasks such as acknowledging alerts, emails, etc. Really impressive.- Physical keyboard. I can't stress enough how much I hate touchscreen keyboards. I've tried a few. My last phone was an HTC Touch that I used for nearly 18 months. I never got used to the keyboard. The keyboard on the Pre feels great. I have very large hands and it feels perfectly fine. I was worried that it would be small and cramped, but it is fine. No complaints about the keyboard at all. I've seen a few reviewers mention the sharp edge below the keyboard. Honestly, if it weren't for reading reviews I would never have noticed it with the way I hold naturally hold the phone. It is completely a non issue.- GPS. I've owned 2 stand-alone GPS units -- TomTom One, and a Navigon 2200T. I can honestly say, without a doubt, the GPS and navigation on the Pre blows both of them out of the water. It picks up a GPS signal literally in seconds, whereas TomTom and my Navigon would sometimes take up to 5 minutes (not exagerrating). The text to speech works great. Really surprised and impressed at how well it works. I will be getting rid of my stand-alone GPS units now. Having GPS is so incredibly handy, and the fact that it will now be with me wherever I go just makes it that much more valuable.- Headphone jack. This is the first phone I've ever owned that has included a normal headphone jack.- Pandora application. Type in an artist / genre etc... and it plays music (full songs) that it thinks you'll like. You can say either you like or don't like each song. It then starts catering the playlist to your taste. Really surprised me (in a good way) with some of the picks. Having an essentially limitless jukebox of music (via the web) on the Pre is incredible. Definitely makes up for the somewhat small 8GB capacity of the device.- Camera. The Pre's camera is really snappy and, so far, has proven to take really nice pictures. It doesn't come close to replacing my DSLR (obviously), but it gives my $100 "throwaway" take-with-me-everywhere camera a run for its money. There's always those unexpected moments when a camera comes in handy and the Pre's camera has surprisingly decent quality.- Touchstone. This is an accessory (not included) but the phone uses it so I will mention it. Touchstone charger works great. I love having it at my desk and when the Pre is charging on it, it defaults to speakerphone. Pick the phone up and it goes back to standard mode. Really just a classy, elegant charging solution that I believe will set the bar for future smartphones. Props to Palm for being the first to release an accessory like this.- Web browser is quite snappy and multitouch works well. Easy to zoom in/out of pages.- Multitasking. I've never had a smartphone that didn't multitask, but apparently the iphone doesn't... so it's worth mentioning. On break at work I listen to Pandora while surfing the web, checking emails, etc. I've never had more than about 3 things open at a time but the phone doesn't seem noticeably slower.Cons:- Fingerprint magnet. Everything on the phone is glossy and attracts fingerprints. My solution was this..... get the Touchstone charger kit, which includes a new non-glossy back cover for the phone. That fixes the back. For the front, I got a Phantom Skinz clear skin for the phone. It seems to attract less fingerprints and provides protection from scratches etc. Highly recommend the Phantom Skinz cover if you're getting a Pre.- Possibly the battery life. I've only had the phone for a few days. The first time I used it, the phone was fully charged. Took the phone to work. After 8 hours (listening to Pandora @ my desk for a little while, a little bit of web surfing on breaks) the phone had 8% battery left. That was bad and I was disappointed. After a few days it seems like the battery is working for longer. I believe that is normal with this type of battery. I also changed the phone so it only checks email automatically once an hour rather than every 15 minutes.- 1 "stuck" pixel. Stuck pixel = a pixel that is always a certain color (blue in my case). That is different than a dead pixel, which is a pixel that is always out. It's not very noticeable and isn't a big enough deal to want to return it or make a fuss over it.- Potential for hardware issues. I keep reading on Pre forums about people with horrible hardware issues. The "oreo effect" where the phone starts twisting. Screen problems. Cracks. Etc. My phone was made on 6/17/09 and there's a tiny (barely noticeably) amount of "play" when twisting the phone. Less than 1mm. Time will tell if that changes, but so far my phone seems perfectly fine. If I hadn't read internet forums to hear about these problems I would have never known that it was an issue. Not complaining about hardware issues on my phone, just saying that it's a "con" worrying about these supposed widespread issues.Overall I am ecstatic about my Pre. I absolutely love it. The WebOS platform has tons of potential. For anyone looking for a next-generation smartphone but isn't sold on Apple or Android (yet), definitely check out the Pre. It's awesome.

I had only had my Pre for 6 months when I started having major issues with it. First issue started with trying to make or receive phone calls, once the send button was pressed the screen went black and would not come back on even after pressing the power button on the top of the phone but the phone call itself went through. Only way to end the phone call was to take the battery out.  I took it to Sprint the next day and they could not explain why or what was causing the issues so they ordered a new Pre to replace it.  I received the replacement phone withing a couple of business days.  Not even 24 hrs after receiving the new phone did I start to have issues.  While charging the phone, the battery became so hot that it shut the phone off, hot to the touch and if it had gotten any hotter it would have burned somebody.  I took it back to Sprint and had to have the charger and usb cable replaced.  Next day the power button stops working so the only way to get the screen to become active again is slide the keyboard up. Back to Sprint I go and they order another replacement phone, mind you these phones are refurbished. The only way you can contact palm without being charged 14.95 for the service call is if you do the chat online with a palm representative. I spoke with someone the same night the power button wouldn't work, explained all the issues I was having and asked if there was anything they could do since it was obviously a manufactuer defect. Their response was that they could not send me a new phone and that a refurbished one was as good as a new one.  They were not willing to do anything! I even told the rep that I was so disappointed in the quality of the phone that I was about to buy an Iphone and their response was ok.  I contacted a manager at the Sprint store and explained the situation and they allowed me to switch phones entirely. I now have the Samsung Moment which is immensly better.  I will never own another palm product after this experience just by the pure fact they don't really care about their customers.  Wouldn't you want to do something for your customer after they've had that many issues?

I have been a long time Blackberry advocate. I just switched and went with the Palm Pre. After coming from a Blackberry, I was blown away by the Pre. Compared to the speed of the Blackberry the Pre is lightning quick. Also, moving from the Blackberry, I have lowered my monthly bill by $30, by no longer having to pay for BES. I am able to sync with my company E-mails flawlessly with ActiveSync. The webOS on the Palm Pre is light years ahead of the ancient Blackberry OS. The Palm App Catalog works quickly, and the availability of homebrew apps, and ease of installation of those as well is incredible. It's also nice to be with a company that supports a homebrew apps scene. The web browser on this phone is great. I have only scene one or two sites that didn't render correctly. I've put down my Blackberry and I'm not looking back.

I did a lot of research before deciding to get a Palm Pre. I'd heard many of the good and bad stories, and despite everyone I know telling me to get an Android or iPhone, I decided the Palm Pre was for me. I've had it for about six months now, and I can honestly say that I wish I'd listened to my friends and invested in a different smartphone. Here's a summary of my experience (keep in mind, I'm what you'd call a "late adopter" when it comes to tech products):The Good:- the interface is really easy to navigate. It's about as simple as the iPhone as far as usability -- great for non-tech people (as opposed to Android phones).- the keypad. Call me old-fashioned, but I LOVE real keypads. The keys are small and took awhile to adjust to, but I'd say I was up to full-typing speed with minimal errors within a couple weeks.- I love the overall feel of the phone. It's not heavy, it's not too big (like, say, the Evo), and it's comfortable to carry around in a pocket or while talking on it.- The camera has a flash. That's the one and only thing I can boast about when compared to my fiance's iPhone 3GS.The Bad:- The biggest problem with Palm is that there just aren't enough customers out there to motivate HP/Palm to fix errors with the phone and keep it competitive with other smartphones. This would have been a fantastic phone a few years ago, but now it's just underwhelming and downright frustrating. An example: my phone often freezes and says I have too many "cards" (i.e., apps) running at the same time and I need to shut some down -- this happens when I have no apps running at all. My phone then becomes inoperable until I reboot it. I've heard from my fellow Pre users that this happens to them as well, and the Sprint repair store said that this is a common problem, but one that Palm has yet to fix. It doesn't seem hopeful that they're even working on a solution to this.- The amount of apps you can buy from the Palm store is so limited, especially when compared to other smartphones. Again, it doesn't seem like this will be improved any time soon.- Once you take the back off the phone (to either replace the battery or put the TouchPad backing on the phone), the back never fits tightly again -- it becomes a bit loose and feels cheaper.- When you receive a missed call, a notification appears. The problem is, when you tap the missed call notification, instead of taking you to the info of the caller, it immediately calls the person back. This is the most annoying feature of the phone, because you end up calling people before knowing who they are, which results in either you hanging up on them or having an awkward conversation. I can't count the number of times I've done this!If you're still convinced a Palm Pre is for you, please take this advice: buy Sprint's insurance package ($7/mo). About 4 months into my contract, my phone screen started turning on and off at random, and would continue doing this until the battery died. I had to replace my entire phone because of this issue. Every friend I have who has owned a Pre has also had to replace their phone for some reason, so it is definitely worth paying a few extra dollars per month rather than having to pay for a replacement phone.In conclusion, I would not recommend anyone to buy this phone. But, if you decide to go Palm, be prepared to have it break on you long before your contract is up.

Pros:great multitasking, awesome memory space, and visually appealing.Cons: Get Ready for the list...I had the phone for only 3 weeks before it broke. The sound stopped working, so that in order to have a conversation with someone I had to either use a headset or put it on speaker. Technicians couldn't fix it, so they were going to replace it...but, why would I want to replace a phone that breaks within 30 days...I went right back to the Blackberry.Aside from breaking, there are other cons...-the phone is made of some rubber-plastic material that leaves fingerprints everywhere. I had to constantly clean the screen.-the battery life is horrible. I can go nearly 2 days of normal use with the blackberry without charging the battery...the palm never made it through a single day before it threatened to to power down-Scrolling back a page is frustrating...you have to swipe your finger along the bottom of the phone, but it takes 3-4 tries before the phone realizes that you want to go back a page...why not just install a back button?-Earphone jack is in an awkward place (top of the phone), so when you slide it up to text the earphones often get knocked out-No virtual keyboard (I hear though, that you can now pay to download the v-keyboard...but, do you really want to spend more money after buying a $550 phone?)I bought the phone because I read moderately good reviews about it...and, I regret it. I wish there was an honest review out there when I was buying the phone, so here it is.  The Palm Pre's only advantages as a smart phone are the touchscreen (which is not as responsive as an i-phone), it's memory(which, if you buy the Blkbry you can buy a memory card with the $100-$150 you'll save), and it's multitasking (I'll admit, that part was pretty cool...but not worth the problems the phone had--also, blkbry is now in the early stages of incorporating multi-task, so it won't be long until the blkbry is superior in that aspect too)BEST OPTION FOR YOU: WAIT UNTIL PALM PRE FIXES MAJOR GLITCHES...UNTIL THEN STICK TO THE BLACKBERRY....I HAD MINE FOR OVER A YEAR AND NEVER HAD AN ISSUE. HAD THE PALM PRE FOR 3 WEEKS BEFORE I NEEDED A REPLACEMENT. (Btw, a friend of mine had the Palm Pre for 2 months before switching to another smartphone...he had similar concerns).

I also wont repeat what has been said already here other than, I left verizon to get the phone in June and have been very happy.Phone- unlike other company has been encouraging in allowing you to modify the phone to your needs/wants.  Does everything I need, multitasking is awesomeCarrier- Not as bad as I was fearful of.  Went from 1 drop call a month on verizon to maybe 3-4 on Sprint.  Customer Service has been just as good as Verizon (I had great customer service with verizon)I am spending about 30-40 less a month, with more minutes, more features and about equivalent coverage.

I owned many smartphones all my life, from blackberries to both the iPhone and iPhone 3G.  The Palm Pre is the smartest smartphone I have ever owned.  The synergy, multi-tasking, and dock notices are killer features that I will never be able to give up.  I can do tasks much faster on the Pre then the iPhone, mainly because I don't have to exit apps.  The homebrew app scene is also fantastic.  I have an app for Google Voice, allowing to make free phone calls!

When I got the emails from Sprint advertising this phone, then checked out Palm's website, my first thought was "wow, cool!"  Just a general impression from about 2 minutes of exposure.  Since I bought the phone, my experience has gone WAY beyond "wow, cool!"  It does more than any other phone I've owned or borrowed to use, and it does it cleanly and elegantly.  It's fun to use, intuitive, and simple.  Not "basic," just simple.I don't have to go hunting through menus to find what I'm looking for or how to change preferences for different aspects of the phone.  Everything seems to be exactly where you would first think to look for it.  After about 3 minutes learning about the gestures unique to the phone and the menu placement within apps and on the home pages, I felt perfectly at ease.  There's no learning curve.I can MULTITASK!  This is one of the best things about the phone, and hard to explain without a visual.  You can open an app (ANY app, whether native to the phone or a third-party app) such as Pandora to stream music, hear a song you like, open Amazon mp3 to buy the album, open messaging to tell a friend about the sale going on Amazon mp3, open a checkbook register to write down your purchase, all with your music playing in the background, and being able to go back and forth between all of these tasks effortlessly and not having to close ONE.  You can continue the conversation with your friend, while listening to your music, while you browse Amazon mp3 for something else to buy.My gmail contacts are in my phone book, my outlook contacts are in my phone book, my Facebook contacts are in my phone book, and my Yahoo contacts are in my phone book.  If someone exists in more than one place, the contact entries are linked into one.  So I have my mom's phone number from Outlook, her email from gmail, her Facebook profile from Facebook, and her messenger ID from Yahoo, all in one contact entry.  If anything changes in any of those online accounts, the change is reflected automatically in my contact list.  Gmail contacts and Outlook can sync contact information both ways, but the rest are only able to sync from server to phone.  If you change something online, it changes the phone.  If you change something on the phone, it doesn't change it online.Calendars work the same way.  I have calendar information from several places all displayed on one calendar on my phone.  Facebook events, Google Calendar for personal (and other shared calendars with family members so I know what's going on with them), Outlook for business, Basecamp for projects.  It reminds me of appointments I entered on my computer, lets me see my husband's school schedule, shows project due dates.  All of this just by entering my login information and letting the phone do its thing.There are plenty more good things I could say about this phone, but I've covered what's important to me about it.  It's simply amazing to me how much I can get done with so little effort with this phone.  I use it for everything.  It helps me get things done, and I have fun doing it.  Like I said in the title, I don't know how I lived without it.**other things to research if considering this phone - Touchstone charger, homebrew and Preware**

webOS is awesome.  There is nothing like sliding between cards with multitasking and using gestures.  Apps are constantly being added to the App Catalog on a daily basis.  The Sprint network offers the most bang for your buck, and it's not bad either.  Everybody should get this phone!

I've been using my Palm Pre since the day it went on sale back on June 6, 2009, and for the most part I've been very impressed and happy with the phone.  There are a few things that keep me from giving it a full five stars and I'll cover those below.The first thing I noticed when I finally got the Pre in my hands was just how "natural" it felt.  I hate to sound corny in a review but it really has an almost organic/nature feel to it.  When the screen is off the face of the device has a solid black, glossy look that draws the eyes to it.  I've had several friends and co-workers comment on just how much they like the look of the phone.The case has minimal buttons to obscure the look; volume buttons on the left, power and ringer switch on the top right, and the select button at the bottom.  That's it, no other controls until you slide up the face of the phone to reveal the full QWERTY keyboard.  Speaking of the slider, for me it works great!  I've read on various boards how some people have been having problems with theirs but with mine it works just as well as the first day I had the phone.  About half way up the spring loading mechanism kicks in locking the keyboard open and it does the same when closing the slider.The 3.2MP camera on the back of the phone takes some of the best pictures I've seen on a cell phone but it still doesn't come close to replacing a real digital camera.  Instead I've found it's best for snapping pictures on those times when you either don't have your digital camera handy (or with you at all) or you don't have time to take out a camera.  There's an LED flash but it's not really good much beyond about 3 feet.  Also there are NO controls for the camera other than selecting flash on, auto, or off.  That's it.  Zoom or even white balance would have been nice.  On some pictures there is a bit of purple fringing depending on the lighting conditions.The real star of the phone at this point is probably a tie between the web browser and the Synergy features that combine all your contacts and calendars.  The browser is FAST, even on EVDO and wicked on Wi-Fi.  It's handled just about everything I've thrown at it and then some.  A draw back is that you cannot download any files via the browswer.  Adobe is slated to bring Flash support around October to the Pre browser.  The Synergy features sync your Outlook, Gmail, and Facebook information to your phone "stacking" duplicates under the same contact as well as syncing your calendars from both Facebook and Google.  That last has come in rather handy on several occasions so far.Palm and Sprint have included several applications on the phone when it ships.  Sprint TV is the best on this phone that I have seen yet from them and this is my fourth smartphone with Sprint since Feb of 2008.  Also included in the mix from Sprint is their Telnav program, NASCAR, and via a recent OS update their NFL Live app.  Palm has preloaded Google Maps and the Amazon.com MP3 store.  One problem I have with the Amazon MP3 store is that you can purchase music on your Pre but cannot download it until you're near a Wi-Fi connection.  GPS acquisition on any of the apps that use it, whether pre-loaded or third party add on, is the fastest I've ever seen on a phone.  Scary fast!As with any smartphone there are bound to be some drawbacks and the Pre is no exception.Battery life on the Pre has gotten better since the first day via three OS updates and some battery break in time but it's still no where near where it should be.  Thankfully I have a portable charging battery pack that stays in my backpack so I can top the Pre off during the day if I don't have access to a power outlet.  At this point I really don't know if Palm can do anything more to improve the battery life and I have a feeling I'll be looking at getting a spare battery or an extended one at some point in the future.On the day the Pre went on sale there were 18 apps available via the App Catalog on the device.  Within the first seven days that number jumped up to 30 apps and then stopped until the last week of July when two more were added.  The Homebrew community is now at around 100 apps available and growing almost daily.  I hope that Palm gets to cracking on getting more apps out, and soon or I can see this being the one thing  that keeps the Pre and WebOS from really taking off.  Of course one can pay $30 for the Classic App that will enable the Pre to run most PalmOS applications but to me that is a crying shame.  Palm should have included this with the Pre instead of offering it as a paid for add on option, or at least got the price around $10.  The biggest limitation I've run into with Classic that it will NOT recognize any file types other that PRC and PDB files.  This means that if you have a program that can read other types of files, like Mobipocket Reader (.MOBI) those programs cannot "see" those files.  This is a glaring shortcoming there!!!Here's the quick and dirty check list...Pros:Beautiful physical designMulti-taskingEase of syncing and backing up contact informationGreat web browserExcellent email and messaging optionsEasy to read screenCons:Poor battery lifePoor app selections at this timeLack of camera options and video recordingSerious limitations in the Classic app and it's high costI like the Palm Pre and I want to love it because I can see just how much potential this new platform from Palm has.  In the future I hope that Palm can address some of these short comings via updates to the OS and expanding the number of apps available for download.  That being said I have to honestly say that if I had known back on June 6 what I know right now about the platform I would have stuck it out for a bit longer with either my old HTC Touch Diamond or BB Curve 8330.  I paid the full price for the device at a Sprint store but I am due an upgrade in February 2010 and if the Pre has not made some improvements by then I can see me leaving this phone for something else.  However, that is six months in the future and by then there should be more apps available and quite a few more OS updates so I'm willing to stick it out a bit longer.

I love this phone and recommend it to everyone. I no there are a  lot of positives here but i want to point a couple of things which might make you reconsider your purchase of this phone. I hope it doesn't because i think all the good out ways the bad but these things you should know that might drive you a little crazy...Bad 1.) You can NOT talk on the phone and also have access to your data service. What this means is, if you are talking on the phone but need to go to a certain web page or log into an online account, you can't do anything that requires a data signal until you hang up. Its not really the phones fault but EVDO that sprint uses. Other carries have this problem to like Verizon. Now the future looks good as there might be a fix in the future for this problem but not any time soon. iPhone user on AT&T; can talk and use data at the same time. (note "you have to actually get a good signal and hopefully not drop you call in the process with att&t;, lol) Its not completely bad though with synergy that the phone uses it keeps your email and Google calendars in sync so while talking you can look at your emails and schedule appointments with Google calendars and then when you hang up it will sync automatically. This make the problem not so bad but still consider it....Bad 2.) Pushed updates (updates forced on your phone) This would be a good thing IF they would allow some kind of grace period before its installed on it own. 7-14 days. The reason why is some of the best things about this phone are some of the homebrew stuff you can do (Google it) the only problem is some of the homebrew stuff has to be temporally removed before an update. Or you might be force to reinstall (start fresh) with webOSdoctor if the pushed update screws up your phone. A simple but long process of reinstalling everything on your phone. This could all be fixed just buy allowing a grace period you could manually install the updates yourself before they are pushed (forced) on you.Again I still recommend this phone. The good out ways the bad. Read the other reviews but i just really wanted to point these out because for me they might have made me reconsider my purchase. I'm glad I didn't but still anyone looking should know. If no other reason at all buy this phone with sprint service it will save you money and you have a great phone in the process. That alone out ways the two major things i discuss here...DON"T BUY AN IPHONE ON AT&T.; Their network is way over tasked and cannot handle the user base. Plus the iphone is so locked down compared to the Palm Pre. If you must, do what i did. I have an iPod touch which when used with myTether(Palm Pre Homebrew app) allows me to share my phones data plan with my iPod touch via wifi. This means if there is a must have app on the go that you need on an iphone you can use you ipod touch instead. Yes you read correctly, with a little hack the Palm Pre and be used as a wifi modem. How sweet is that?Enjoy our Pre :)

Palm Pre is with the wrong carrier in the US. Spring, get on board with GSM already. Most of European and Asian countries are on GSM, with exception of Japan and South Korea which uses its own CDMA system that is incompatible with others. This version can only be used in US, maybe Canada and Mexico. Multi-band GSM smart phone is a must for the business folks. iphone is a nice toy, but it's pretty much useless in the business world.Sell us the unlocked GSM version with standard warranty, there are people willing to pay for it at full price.

Sprint's Palm Pre phone is very user-friendly.  The few downside for me is the phone application was a bit laggy, and on Sprint, only the 8 gigabyte version is available (Verizon, I hear, has the 16gb version for about the same price?).  I gave it a 5-star rating because all things considered, everything else about this phone makes it seem flawless despite the few negatives.Here's how I compare it to the Iphone:Enough of my friends/coworkers/family members have Iphones that I've spent a significant amount of time with the 3GS.  It's a good phone, but an issue I had is how intrusive incoming messages and calls were when you're doing something else on the phone.  You have to shut anything else down to answer a call or look at a message.  This is where Palm's WebOS shines.  You could take a call, check a message and flip back and play poker when you're done. Everything is still open - this really makes a huge difference if you've ever used a smartphone.  I would never get an Iphone after using the Palm Pre phone but, that's just me.

I have owned the Palm Pre phone for close to 5 months now, and all I can say is wow.  I bought 2 phones for the family when they were first released in June 2009, one each for my wife and me.  She loves her phone.  After 5 months of use, both phones look brand new.  As a business owner and technology analyst, this phone is quite impressive and fully meets my needs!Build Quality is Solid with a Nice Keyboard:The Palm Pre phone comes with a 1 year warranty from Palm.  This is a good sign when a company is willing to back their products for that long, especially for a mobile device that gets handled and moved around frequently.  I am an electrical engineer and computer science professional by training, so I pay close attention to the engineering and quality of the products I buy.  First the basics - the Palm Pre is a solid and well built phone.  The keyboard slides from under the phone for typing in letters and symbols.  The phone has two moving parts (the top of the phone, the screen area; and the bottom of the phone, the keyboard); these are designed to have a little give, which means you can slightly twist the top part of the phone from the bottom.  Some people have wrongly assumed that this must be a defect or poor quality, but that is not the case.  Every Palm Pre phone has this slight twist, and so it is perfectly normal; it allows the phone to open and close freely without much friction and thus preserve the life of the phone (i.e. its sliding mechanism).  In five months of using both phones, the sliders on our phones have continued to work perfectly.  I use my phone frequently, about 1 to 3 hours per day.  I handled the phone delicately the first few weeks, like any new device; but I soon learned that it is more solid than it appears.  In contrast to the Palm Pre, the iPhone does not have a physical keyboard and thus no moving parts.  The BlackBerry phones come in many different styles and many with fixed keyboards.  None of these phones have the elegant sliding keyboard found on the Palm Pre - slightly curved.  Typing on the Palm Pre keyboard is nice.  If you type on the Palm Pre keyboard with it close to your ears, you can actually hear a click sound after you press each key.  The keys look small, but are quite responsive.  I am of average height and build, and I have medium sized hands (much larger than my wife's hands) and I was surprised how easy it was for me to type on the keyboard and make very few typing errors.  I typically type a few lines of text before I hit a wrong letter.  I like the fact that the Palm Pre keyboard provides a nice tactile feedback (each key you press, you can tell when it makes contact - a little like your light switch when you turn on the light).The Battery Life is Normal for a Smart Phone - Can be Expanded:The Palm Pre is a smart phone that has a large screen for viewing web pages on the Internet.  The battery last about 1 to 2 days based upon usage.  If you plan to spend hours at a time on the Internet, the phone will last you no more than about 5 hours, about the same as the iPhone or comparable BlackBerry phones.  The battery in the Palm Pre (and Blackberry) is replaceable.  So you can purchase a second battery for your Palm Pre phone and keep it charged for emergency.  This allows you to take the Palm Pre phone on long trips or if you work outside of the office.  The iPhone's battery is sealed, so you cannot replace it.  One thing I like about the Palm Pre is that you do not need to connect the phone directly to the electrical outlet via a cable to charge it.  It can be charged wirelessly by simply resting the phone on top of the optional touchstone wireless charger and it automatically starts charging.The Camera - A Real Surprise:The Palm Pre at the time of this writing has the most beautiful user interface of any smart phone device on the market (more on this below).  My nice has a BlackBerry phone, and the minute she saw the Palm Pre, she fell in love with it.  I took a picture of her baby, and her husband who has worked as a professional photographer thought the Palm Pre had a 10 megapixel camera - the picture was stunning.  The resolution of the Palm Pre screen is so sharp and the colors so vibrant and beautiful, her son's picture just seems to "pop" and seemed too stunning to be taken by a smart phone.  And the picture taken was extremely sharp.  None of the other smart phone cameras seem to come close.  As an engineer, I did a little investigating to see why the Palm Pre, with only a 3 megapixel camera can produce a picture that looks like it came from a 10 megapixel camera.  What I learned surprised me!  Palm engineers used the latest image correction technology produced by DxO Labs.  This technology is also licensed by Nikon and Canon, and it increases image quality, exposure, lighting, and color optimization, to produce beautiful, brilliant, and vibrant color photos.  I own a Nikon D80 SLR camera, so it is good to know that I can take quality pictures with my Palm Pre phone on my casual trips around town and on vacation.  So quality picture is not just about megapixel count, it's also about the photo sensor and image processing; for this I give the Palm Pre an A+.  I was not expecting such a high quality built-in camera when I bought the phone, so I am extremely pleased.  Thanks Palm!Performance:The Palm Pre has a high performance processor like the iPhone 3GS.  In a recent review by Tomshardware, it was found to be faster than the iPhone 3GS.  Overall performance was: Palm Pre (13.8s) versus iPhone 3GS (16.4s).  In the last two months, I have noticed that hundreds of new applications, both free and paid applications (one dollar and up) are becoming available for download on the Palm Pre phone.  This is good because Palm just announced that they will soon be increasing the performance of the Palm Pre phone through over-the-air software updates.  I thought my Palm Pre phone was fast enough, but I will take this.Impressive and Intuitive User Interface:The user interface (which is part of Palm's WebOS operating system) on the Palm Pre is simply the most "elegantly" modern of all of the smart phones.  This is where the Palm Pre really shines, and why my wife and I love this phone.  It is so intuitive, you feel as if it was designed for you.  It can run a number of applications at the same time; you can move multiple opened applications on the screen as if you are moving a deck of cards in your hands or on a table, and flick the card (that is, an application) off the screen to close the application.  With the competing phones, you cannot do that; their interfaces are like calculator buttons, you press on the different buttons to open their applications.  The Palm Pre card interface called "card view" is an absolute revolution on how a smart phone's interface should work.  It puts each website you go to on a separate card, Wikipedia on one card, Amazon on another card, etc., it's simply awesome.  The Palm Pre has other innovations like synergy to sync your Facebook, Twitter, Google Mail, Yahoo Mail, and Exchange Server accounts and more to your phone.  One of the things I really like is the "notification area" feature of the Palm Pre, in which messages appear on a small strip at the bottom of the screen to notify you of emails or phone calls which is great if you are in a meeting.Conclusion:After 5 months of use, both Palm Pre phones have been rock-solid, and a pleasure to use.  When I am not at work, I use my Palm Pre phone to listen to audio recordings with my Sony wireless Bluetooth headphones.  I would not use another smart phone event if you offered me free cell phone service.  This is a well thought out and designed phone.  That is why a recent survey showed that approximately 90% of the people who bought the Palm Pre phone are pleased with their decision.  I for one am a happy customer; the best cell phone purchase I have ever made.  Before the Palm Pre, I wanted an iPhone; not anymore!  I highly recommend the Palm Pre phone.

webOS is the best mobile operating system, period.The palm pre's hardware is decent but not great. It shouldn't stop you from buying a pre though!

I was standing in line at my bank when I overheard the customer in front of me talking on his Palm Pre tell the person on the other line to remain on the call, while he emailed a video clip AND Word document to him. In a matter of seconds - the recipient confirmed receipt and the caller hung up very satisfied. I was suddenly intrigued, because I was actually waiting to withdraw money to buy an Apple iPhone that day!Let's just say I made a detour that day to my Sprint Store. I was actually going to switch to ATT so I can use the iPhone. I read reviews for both phones at Amazon and decided that multitasking is really what I needed, in order to be 100% productive, and to this day does not regret my decision. Where else can you spend under $80/month to get:-unlimited web/texts-unlimited mobile calling-unlimited GPS navigation-the BEST smartphone OS present-3 and 4G coverage?AT&T; cannot shake a stick at the price and features of this smartphone. It's still not perfect - but no more will you have to wait until you reach home to do anything computer-related. I'm also glad I stuck with Sprint because they will soon be rolling-out the world's first 4G Wi-Max network...and this phone is included!!!

Coming from the HTC Tilt, this phone is like a new age of tech. Love it

WebOS is the best operating software out there for smartphones, in my opinion. The fact that it is TRUE multi-tasking and has built-in GPS with no extra fees is great. Free music streaming, free weather, free Twitter, free games, and, of course, paid apps.Programmers have been writing apps, and there is a robust Homebrew community that is creating new apps all of the time. (Check out "[...]") Although Iphone claims to have hundreds of thousands of apps, do you REALLY need 50 separate "Fart" programs? The Pre has the best current software, and is the best poised for future programming.Yes, I would recommend this to a friend. I have already recommended it to two family members, and they still love me!

Pros: New Touch ScreenCons: Small keys, sync problems, application problemsI have used almost all Palm models for years. Pre is simply a mess. All capabilities associated with the older Palms that made them unique and very productive PDAs have been taken away.Seems to me Palm has set back the useful capabilities of devices such as Treo and TX models with the hopes of competing in the "touch screen" market. But the irony is that Palm had touch screen for years on the older models that were much more capable and hassle-free than the Pre.Since I've used Plams for business productivity for years, I was very disappointed that Pre cannot even sync with Microsoft Outlook, or display a Word document without problems.

First off let me just say how have much I love the TRUE multitasking feature the Palm Pre offers!Since I've had the Pre in june anytime I go to surf the web on my iTouch I find myself feeling getting frustrated by losing data from other apps if I leave the app. I also love the google syncing. I've uploaded all of my contacts into google so if i ever have to reset the phone they all load on there automatically (I tweak the phone a lot and have had to this 3 times). Plus the ability to add/edit contact information with or without from ANYWHERE is awesome! How you are alerted of incoming notifications is amazing as well! The ability to slide the phone open and start typing a friend's name, name of app, or web address makes it so quick and easy to do anything on the phone. There are just too many great and innovative features to list here.I subtracted one star because I feel the phone lacks a few key features that come standard on just about every other smart phone. They are text forwarding, video recording (although the speed of the camera is, as of now, the fastest on the market), visual VM( although I think that is more sprint than Palm), and a couple of other minor features. I will say that they are adding new features about once a month, so kudos to palm and I hope they keep up the good work.Since the beginning of September the app catalog has been adding about 25 apps a week, and is up to 300 as this review.

It may not be clear to you (it sure wasn't to me!) that this really means "for new Sprint customers ONLY" and does NOT apply to an existing Sprint customer if they move to a "new service plan".  Sorry, it wasn't obvious to me.  (I kind of thought the reason people make a distinction like "for new home buyers" and "for first-time home buyers" was because they are actually two different things.  In the case of phone plans, apparently not.)  No one seems to provide much detail about this, either in product and package descriptions, or reasons for refusing the order.Of course, this is true for all Sprint-related deals, and is most likely true for other carriers.

I love this phone. It works great and the system UI is so elegant. I know there are a lot of people who have problems with the build quality but I have not had a problem, yet. And even if there was a problem Sprint has been very good about replacing defective handsets.Pros: Camera quality is great in sunlight, Multitasking (even if it might slow down the phone a tad), web browser (Great browser, just sometimes slows to a crawl if a website has too many moving graphics), keyboard (once you get used to it), Sprint Network in Phoenix (havent dropped a call or lost signal yet)Cons: Camera quality in night shots (flash not that bright), oreo effect (the slider hinge when closed allows the phone to slightly move from side to side), screen size (its not really a con, but it would be nice if it was bigger), App store (getting better but still needs a lot more apps)I know i listed a few cons but I really do love this phone. I have had an iphone (3g not 3g S) and the palm pre by far exceeds the expirence of an iphone (3g, have not tried 3g S). I have also had Verizon but I had the crappiest phone ever, blackberry Storm 1, so i wont even compare that.One more thing, I love it that I can sync it with itunes and also sync my photos (iTunes 9.0.1 or lower).

but the creepy woman in the commercials looks like an alien and I don't buy things from aliens.

If you're seriously looking for a phone that just handles multi-tasking in such easy smooth fluidity, with hundreds and hundreds of great apps created every month (not to mention awesome 3D games), and somehow they all work together with the phone in such in-depth integration. THIS IS THE SMART PHONE FOR YOU!Forget the popular mainstream smartphone, the WebOs (the OS platform of this phone) work so flawlessly that is just so hard not to love it. It works without the freaking interruption of other apps when you are so intently using one app. You just gotta try it to personally to know its convenience and efficiency.EX: While driving a car in Asphalt (3D game), someone emails you and a little notification shows up below the screen. You have the choice. You can ignore it and the notification disappear while constantly playing your game WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. Or tap on it and the game pauses and opens up the email app. Within your email, you find a link of a restaurant you guys plan to meet. Tap on the link opens up the browser, OR NOT, and you simply want to get back to the game and not to be bothered (even though you consciously know can swipe your finger to reserve your table, save it on your calendar, text/email your friend back with the built-in keyboard, while simultaneously looking for the place in a map/GPS app). Then simply flick away the email app to close it or simply single-swipe your finger on the "gesture area" to switch back to the game. Then seat back, enjoy, and relax.I'm sure I don't need to tell you that the game could of easily be an awesome ebook, a kick ass news app (NewsRoom), an important business Outline Tracker, a movie you've load, or a youtube video you can't put down. The idea is that all the apps can work together simultaneously and send all the mini-notifications they want without having to worry about shutting/freezing each other off or interrupting what your doing for that matter. All of these while giving you an easy way to manage them all in the background with just a flick and a swipe."Life Moves Fast. Don't Miss a Thing."

Great for business multi-tasking.I'm an insurance agent.  When a customer calls for a claim form, while I am still on the phone I open up my email program, attach a claim form in pdf format and let the customer know as soon as we hang up she'll have it in her email!Bluetooth in the car running GPS navagation, Pandora with my radio stations, as loud as I want, I don't have to worry about not hearing my phone.  When a call comes in the music pauses as the bluetooth announces who is calling.  When the call is over, the music comes back on.

I am now awaiting my second Palm Pre replacement. I'm so disappointed with this phone.My previous Palm I had for 2 1/2 years and I kinda wish I was still using that one, but it is now being used by my spouse who cracked the screen on his phone and is using it until his upgrade date; it's still going strong, it's just becoming obsolete. So, I write this from the viewpoint that I have had a very GOOD Palm experience. Unfortunately, it's been one problem after another when I decided to get the Palm Pre.What I do like about it is how it intergrates contacts, especially with Facebook. I like the multi-tasking. I don't care for the small-ish screen, but it was something that I could live with. I like the memos and notes feature. I like the Apps. However, none of that matters when the touch screen doesn't work!With my first Palm Pre the clock began to display the incorrect time. I did some research and found that this is a common problem with the Pre and there's no way to fix it. So, when I would miss a call, I wouldn't know the time that they called because the incorrect time display was always changing. That is a HUGE minus. I did contact Palm support and was told "we are aware of the problem", but offered no fixes. Shortly after that, it would not allow me to download Apps. When I would try, I got "download not complete" over and over. I took it in to Sprint's repair and (I have insurance, thank goodness) and they said it wasn't fixable and I would get a new phone.I get the new phone and get everything transferred and I'm thinking I'm good to go; things did go good for a couple of weeks and then I'm ending a phone conversation and I can't end the phone call. What I discover is that the touch screen has stopped working. Off I go back to the Sprint repair place and I'm told once again that the problem is "unfixable" and they will order me a new one. At this point, I haven't gotten the new phone and I am still using the old one. I can receive calls and that is ALL. I am unable to terminate phone calls and I can't check my voice mail because I can't hang up. Huge problem for me.So, I'm going to give it one more try. If this phone malfunctions, I'm done with Palm Pre. Sprint is just going to have to give me an upgrade EARLY as I have been a long time customer with an expensive plan.If you are reading this, don't mark "not helpful" just because you don't agree with my review. If you have had great luck with the Palm Pre, I'm truly happy for you. I haven't and so have many other people (as I have now found out). I believe people need to have as much information as possible before they make a choice. That means knowing the good and the not so good. The phone has come way down in price for a reason.Update: I've had my replacement Pre for a couple of weeks now and so far so good. I am going to keep posting updates if this changes or if it stays how it is. This phone really does have some great features, like running multiple applications. I'll keep you all posted.7/17/2010So, my third Palm Pre has been chugging right along with no problems thus far. I've finally been able to experience the Pre the way it was meant to be.

At the time of purchasing my Palm Pre, I was a long time Blackberry user.  I categorize myself as a casual smart phone user who wants good call quality, good text capability, good web browsing capability, and a nice UI to access all of a phone's features.  However, I'm odd and I don't really care for a big library of applications.When it came to replacing my blackberry, I wanted a phone that would offer the Blackberry's similar terrific combination of decent call quality, features, long battery life, in addition to having the best overall messaging experience (e-mail/text messaging).  I went through several phones, including an Apple iPhone 3G and T-Mobile's G1 (HTC Dream), and other Blackberry's, but always came away disappointed.  I was bored by the iPhone's UI and didn't care for applications.  T-mobile's G1 let me down with an ugly UI, lack of multi-touch (though promised, whatever I played with through my time with the G1 was half baked), immense size and terrible battery life.  I also disliked the fact that the interface seemed like it needed too many extra steps compared to the Blackberry, i.e., texting took extra steps, and speed dial was not really speed dial on the G1 (I ended up creating a short cut using a 3rd party app).When it came down to purchasing the Pre, I was worried about the battery life, and the keyboard.  What I've come to realize is that 3G phones like the iPhone, Android Phones and the Palm Pre don't offer good battery life.  As for the keyboard, I'm hoping that a touchscreen keyboard comes out soon.  The physical keys are fine, if a bit tight for someone with medium-large sized hands.But my overall satisfaction is very high.  I'm in love with the UI.  I love the multi-tasking and the cards especially, because it allows me to keep a clean "desktop".  At first I thought I was going to get annoyed with having to bring up a menu filled with applications shortcuts.  (once you call up this menu, you swipe your finger left or right to access more pages/cards with application shortcuts).  But having an empty desktop is how I like my desktop too.  The less clutter, the happier I am.Things that the Palm Pre does well includes multi-tasking (i.e., if I happen to be browsing the internet when I get an alert at the bottom of the screen that tells me I have e-mail, I can tap on the e-mail icon in the right hand corner of the screen, which minimizes my browser window and opens up the e-mail program), messaging (especially the ease of inserting pictures into an SMS), web browsing (having owned an Android, the Pre delivers a MUCH better web browsing experience, on par with the iPhone's), call quality, and a good music player (the 3.5" jack is appreciated, and the actual music player program on the phone is very good as well. I sync with iTunes, which some would frown upon, I guess).  And turn-by-turn navigation.  It's been a pleasure to use.Things I dislike are more about the physical aspects of the phone.  I wish there was something I could grasp onto to slide the screen up.  Often I find myself thumbing up against the screen, which smudges up the screen.  This wouldn't be a concern if the screen were glass, but the Pre's screen is plastic and will scratch easily.  As mentioned before, the battery life is not good (it barely lasts me 11 hours, and less when I am using navigation as the nav program keeps the screen lit up, understandably). I wish there was a sliding cover over the phone's camera lens too.  It's a good camera for a phone, why not protect it?!  The power/standby switch could provide more tactile feedback.Overall, the phone has been my favorite gadget purchased in a long time.  Engadget put it best when they said that using this phone provides a near personal computer-like experience. Number of Applications aside, it's my opinion that this is the best phone on the market for the casual smartphone user.

I know, a big statement, but a true one.  I have changed how I approach communication life.  Since moving from a feature phone (RAZR), to a semi-smart phone (Instinct) to finally a full fledged smart phone (Pre) I have had to change my thoughts on how I use a phone.  The Pre has made daily life much more organized and cohesive.  One of my favorite features is the calendar sync.  I can sync my calendar with my wife's so that when she enters an event I'm supposed to be at on her phone it appears on my phone automatically, with notification and all.  One of my other favorite features that I don't believe I could now live without is the multitasking capabilities of the phone.  No longer do I have to decide whether I want to talk on my phone while I drive (with bluetooth of course,) or navigate to the location I'm going.  I can do both.  With previous phones, if I was navigating and received a call, I had to decide whether to stop my car and spend 30 or more minutes with a client, or let it go to voicemail.  No longer.  I can't say enough about my Pre.  When it first came out, there were many things missing that I thought I couldn't do without.  However Palm is addressing those with constant updates, such that I feel that the only things left are of minor note and certainly to be worked out by Palm shortly.  You would do yourself a dis-service to skip over this phone, regardless of what the Sprint or Verizon rep told you about the Droid phones.

I have had this phone since the day it was released. I have never enjoyed a phone so much.  I have a laptop, but I find myself using the phone for most internet searches instead of using the laptop. I find the wifi works great, but do use evdo if I am out and about. I have had no hardware issues, but at times I have had to reboot the phone.  No more than my previous Sanyo DLX when it first came out.If I had the choice to purchase this phone again, I would not hesitate.

I had an iPhone for 16 months, and switched to the Palm Pre. Two months later, I love it and would never have any phone other than the Pre! The multitasking is amazing, I can get things done much faster and smoother than on the iPhone.The Pre isn't restricted like the iPhone is, so you can put any movies you have on your computer on it to watch, or pictures, or songs, just drag and drop it from your computer like a flash drive! It is such an intuitive phone. You can watch several tv channels LIVE on the Pre, at no cost, plus FULL episodes of current popular shows. You get turn-by-turn navigation directions with voice directions at no additional monthly cost, and it works wonderfully! You can take video, great pictures, you can soon watch flash videos in the browser on the Pre, it is such a great phone! I don't know why more people don't have them! Get one, you won't be disappointed!

I have to say that I have used/owned several smartphones before including the Old PalmOS, Windows Mobile 2002/2003/5/6/6.1/6.5, Android, iPhone and Blackberry. And this is by far the most professional, funnest, most useful, most in-sync phone I have ever used!!!!!!!!!Palm has really done it. Their WebOS is amazing. I never ever experienced Multi-tasking as perfect as it is on this phone. Its really easy to use, even for beginners, and really fast and the idea behind it is just really simple. There is absolutely no flaw behind this system.The card system itself which allows the multi-tasking is really a cool feature. Atleast now I can pause my work wherever I am so that I can continue doing whatever else needs to be done. This innovation to me is comparable to when "Live DVR" was invented. Its truly that innovative.As far as apps go, there are nearly 3000 native apps available for it and more coming fast! Its not as many as the iPhone catalog, but you know what, atleast it doesn't have 345 different apps that do the same thing (EG: The lightsaber app on the iPhone. There are so many, but they all do the same stinking thing). Not to mention you can buy motionApps Classic and run all the old PalmOS Software, making the library really compete with the iPhone. And even though there arent as many "new" apps as the iPhone, there are tons of patches, updates and software and games that do EVERYTHING you need good enough. In fact, fewer apps even save you money in the long run.The Live syncing is amazing. All you do is put in your email address and/or facebook login and it does it all for you... It syncs all your calendars automatically. It syncs all your contacts automatically. And it syncs your inbox automatically. I have never experienced anything as effortless as this. It literally put all my information there for me. Putting this with the multi-tasking system makes doing business and mixing in pleasure a snap. The closest phone that matches this, I will say, is the iPhone. But the Pre is far superior in this aspect than the iPhone.The Launcher is cool too. You have the launch bar which can be dragged from top to bottom. Then the launcher itself which pretty much mimics the iPhones main launcher screen with several enhanced features which make it better.I like the music player and the support for ITunes, which most players do not have. So this is one of the few smartphone systems that can sync with ITunes on your pc and play your music. The original player was great. But I downloaded the free remix edition and it turned my Pre into the ultimate mp3 player ever!As far as hardware goes... I know many knock it. But, really, for a handheld, how much power do you need? 600mhz is not enough? You can even overclock it to 800mhz. It doesn't matter. The games play the same as they do on the iPhone (Trust me, I have played them on both), the smoothness of the interface is perfect. Really, what more do you want? Why pay more for better hardware that is really not needed on a handheld device? You want gaming power, buy a PSP or a DS. And still, it can probably play games just as well and poweful regardless.The Keyboard looks awkward at first, but is really nice and comfortable to use. And its a nice feature to have with a phone for messaging and e-mail and other things..It has 16gb of on device memory. What no 32GB???? Really, do you need that much anyway other than for music? I have about 25 hours of music on it. It only took up a little over a gig. For the rest of my music fixes, I use Pandora and radiotime- which more than cover up for the lack of an FM Player. In fact RadioTime plays over 50,000 stations in the US for free. I had every station I listen to on their. And as far as needing extra storage, the Pre is the first to offer Cloud Storage, meaning you can use ZumoDrive online to act as additional storage for the pre making it work as if it is actually part of the PRE. Its Awesome! I can virtually have unlimited space on the go with this thing. Not to mention that it also has a feature that backs up your whole phone onto Palm every day without ever interfering with your work. Why is this good? Because if you have to replace your phone, all you do on your next phone is login with your palm account and it restores ALL information and APPS so you dont lose a thing.The G-Sensor/Accelerometer works great. I used it with Need for Speed undercover and its perfect.The Camera works well and takes nice pictures.The screen quality... To me in actual display, graphics capabilities and color/brightness... ITS THE ABSOLUTE BEST. It has a 24bit graphics processor. Really, you cant go wrong with that. As far as touch sensitivity... OK. The iPhone is the best hands down. But, its good enough and is about 90% as good as the iPhone. Believe me, you would barely even notice the difference. And if you never had an iPhone before, you wouldn't know the difference. PERIOD.The design is really slick. I love it. Its not heavy. Its not bulky. The screen size is great. It could be a bit bigger, but its big enough. I never accidentally dial numbers with this thing. Its a pure genius design.People also complain about its sturdiness... I think its pretty sturdy. Otherwise buy an attractive case on ebay for $5 and thats it. But its definetly better than the Nexus one which will crack if you keep it in your pocket. Whats up with that?Other nice features of the pre:*Documents to go to view Excel, Word and PDF files.*Supports Facebook, Google, Exchange, IMAP and POP as well as AIM and other things.*For Developers it supports HTML5/CSS/Javascript or c/C++ with SDL and basically allows you to recompile any library thats available for linux so that you can port apps over easily. And you can actually use all these languages together!*Instant over the air updates of your apps*Great sound quality for phone calls.*3G phone. What would you really need 4G for? It streams music and video in HD really well already.*Palm really cares for its customers more than other companies. That puts this over the edge for that reason alone!The only downside to this is that battery. It consumes a lot of battery power. But just buy an extended battery, and it will last longer than any other phones battery, gaurantee'd!Try the Pre, you will not regret it. In fact you wont even go to another phone after this!!!!

The Palm pre is simply amazing (for me). After tiring of the iphone and all the surrounding hype, I was looking for a replacement. While Goolge is offering really nice phones that are sometimes built better, Palm offers much better software and even more important.. the whole palm community is amazing.I've been able to tweak and install a wide range of patches and applications which makes the phone work how I want it (ie overclocked, tethered & showing me the data I want to see). The number of apps is very large, I don't believe the media's statistics on app numbers because there is a whole community creating apps and patches that are not `official' (and mostly free).. Also, most of these on the Pre are not the junk apps that clutter the other app catalogues.  The community at large ([...]) also will help pretty much anyone trouble shoot any problems, and help you get your phone to work how you want it to (if you can't figure it out on your own).At first, the hardware felt a little flimsy for my liking, but after adding the touchstone back and a rubber guard around the phone, I don't notice it and I don't think it will break.You can't beat this deal from Amazon, and sprints data plans are much cheaper than Verizon for the same service... (Sprint phones roam to Verizon whenever they can't get a good signal, and there's even a patch to make the phone `roam' always, so you only use CDMA that's not sprint's... .. erhhm  Verizon's ...)I've quickly become a Palm fan again, and hope the company makes it. (use to love them back in the Treo days).

Every posible defect has been built into this phone. For the first time ever, I do not believe that I will be able to make it through my contract. It has been 6 months, which is too long for this phone. The battery last 4 hours. The phone shuts off when it is closed. And did not want to turn when I tried to turn it on. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. It is a shame because the phone is like comunism, good in theory but not in action.

I love this phone.  I think it is probably one of, if not, the best phone on Verizon.  The gesture area and the notification area are five stars alone.  The multi-tasking is awesome and the cards are just versions above andriod and iphone.  I find myself using gestures for other phones, it is just that simple.I would give this phone a complete five-stars, but there are some issues with the build quality, which is improving.  Also there are stuff that is missing like auto-correct spelling and various other things, but Palm has kept updating this phone continuously.I tried using the Eris and the Droid, and I just couldn't get a hang of it.  The Eris doesn't have a keyboard, and the Droid is just bulky and landscape keyboards are horrible.I would give this phone a try.  The apps are improving, and the software and hardware build continue to get better.The keyboard is cramped, but it is easy to get use to.

I have been extremely pleased with my Palm Pre.  I would have given it 5 stars except the battery life is a little shorter than I would like.  The synergy function is amazing.  I put in my credentials for Facebook and Gmail and all of my contacts are built automatically for me combining the information from the two sources.  Navigation is easy and responsive.  The keyboard is a little small, but you get used to it rather quickly.  The only thing I would add is directional buttons to aid in moving your cursor left and right.  Web browsing is great and renders quickly on 3G or WiFi.  I can't really tell much of a difference between the two to tell you the truth.  I would recommend this phone all day.

I've had over a dozen phones and my experience with the Palm Pre has been the worst ever. The battery dies without even making phone calls within 12-15 or so hours because it is constantly blinking when I receive an e-mail. When I needed help in fixing something, the tech guys answering for Palm in India were never helpful. Now, after less than 6 months of having this $550 phone, the inside of the screen somehow cracked in 6 pieces and I can not use it anymore. Despite the fact that I have a one year warranty, Palm tech support informed me that they may not agree to fix it since it may be due to customer negligence- despite the fact that I put a protective case on it on day one and have always taken good care of it. No wonder this horrible company is going bankrupt.

So I've had the Pre for about a year now.  And I have a few things to say about this phone.1.  cheep plastic construction.  The high shine look seems nice out the box but that's it.  As soon as you put it in your pocket or wherever you can kiss it good bye.  Finger prints and scratches almost instantly.2.  If you would like to make a call....  Forget it. You would be better off with smoke signals.  My partner has a Blackberry through the same provider (Sprint) and his call quality is MUCH better.  Less dropped ect.  I would say sure it could be the signal but there are times I will look and not have a single bar, and his phone will have at least two.  (In our house!)  I hardly ever have a decent signal.3.  this could be a bit repetitive, but cheep construction!  the ear piece you would use when just talking is a major defect.  It just goes out.  The only way you can talk to someone is on speaker phone.  great if you would like to have a private conversation.  Then this defect seems to make the touch screen go all funky.  Very bad because once that goes you can't do anything with the phone.  The tech at the Sprint store let it slip the first time I went in, that this has been a problem.  Note I said the FIRST time.  I've had over three replacement phones!!!!  I would have gotten a different phone but sprint has a three in six month policy.  And the first replacement was past that.  so I'm on the 4th phone. and this one still doesn't work like it should.  Speaker goes out when a call comes in.  I have to hit the phone to get it to work!!!!4.  bad battery life.  I will not use it all day cuz i'll be at work.  And it will be down to 20% by the time I get home.  I've tried adjusting settings and what not.  Apps will pull up all the time in my pocket.  I've spent so much time just closing out open cards just to do something like check the weather.  Sometimes it's been over 20 open cards at a time.  Causing the phone to lock up in a message saying "saying to many open cards"  REALLY?  but then it wont let you close them..  I would imagine this is awful on the battery as well as the looking for a signal or WIFI even if your not trying!5.  and finally the apps...  first off the selection in the catalog is a joke.  unless you want to pay for a bunch of silly games, you'll find that there is not much for you to use.  then if you do get one, it will run properly like 50% of the time.  I have problems with everything from my Facebook app, Pandora, To the email and everything in between!In short.  I don't know how this phone has more positive reviews then not.  Because the phones I've gotten have been awful.  I don't think i'm a picky person.  But this phone has been nothing like I had expected.  It's funny, I go into the Sprint store and I don't even see it offered on the sales floor.  Considering both models the Pre, and Pixi are barely over a year old.  I find that to be interesting....  SAVE yourself countless time at the store trying to get help, and MONEY  get something else!!!!  thanks.

I bought this phone when it came out last year.  The WebOS concept is very good, and the interface is nice and clean.  HOWEVER,1) The phone is super flimsy!!  The two pieces wobble when it's open.  I dropped it ONCE from about 3 ft and the corner broke.2) The keyboard sucks.  They look and feel like gummy bears, and are prone to stick. Sometimes I get no letters; sometimes I get double letters.3) The CPU is underpowered for what the software wants to do.  Everything's got a three second delay.4) Too many software bugs.  When I wake up the phone sometimes the time display rolls back a minute or two.  WTF??5) Need to charge the phone every day.  Even if you barely use it at all, with five bars signal, it still dies by the end of the day.6) App store is a joke.Sprint's network is pretty decent where I live, but every time I type on the phone I want to smash it, that's how bad it is.  Save yourself some headache and buy something else.

I bought this phone for my wife (I myself use a BB as I am tied into a BES for email) and played around with it and have some suggestions for Palm.The Pre is competing for the consumer market as BB has the corporate market pretty much locked up. A lesson to learn from BB is that each model they come out with is rarley missing a feature that was on a previous model.Versus the Iphone, multitasking is nice, however as a former centro user I find that even if I didn't have the BB the Pre is missing certain key features that were possible using the centro.1. A memory card slot. Importaint for transfering information and also the next point.2. Ability to play back video using various formats (xvid/divx) without converting.3. BES syncronization via Blackberry exchange (available previously via AT&T;'s network using Blackberry Connect).While the Iphone is missing the 3 above items as well, as the newcomer palm has to look at current Treo users as its starting point and natural upgraders and make sure that current features that are possible using the older base model or VIA addons aren't left out. While #3 is obviosly network dependent and probably requres BB consent I don't understand why 1&2 were left out and would have given the Pre a clear feature advantage over the Iphone.

I really enjoyed this phone when it was released 2 years ago, however there is a massive issue with the usb port cracking which i had to replace 2 times. I since then have moved on from sprint and palm and went to android.

Web-os is just a complete homerun for Palm. I got my Pre on launch day and have used it daily since. The hardware has been fine for me though I do see how some people might have problems with it's quality.  The design/form factor couple with the OS MORE then make up for any deficiencies of build quality. The pre feel GREAT in hand, types great, gestures great, and OS is so simple and intuitive the whole thing just feels great. Couple that with the fact that it gets regular over the air updates that have so far continued to make it an even better phone each time with the fact that there is a fantastic community of users/programmers that help make the phone so easy to patch and tweak and this has been the most enjoyable PDA/phone I have ever owned. I may one day upgrade to a pre plus if it comes to Sprint but after using it for over a year I just don't see ever moving away from the OS or this form factor. In short.... I LOVE MY PRE. Try it for yourself and you will too!

This phone is simply amazing.  It will do anything you EVER wanted in a cell phone.  not good enough?  install any of the many, many homebrew apps that are available to get your phone to do even MORE cool stuff.  get it now!  you won't be disappointed!

I bought this phone the day it came out so I have had plenty of time with it. I like the features of the phone and the web OS, really smooth. The keyboard doesn't even bother me. The first Pre that I had was working great until I dropped it ONE time on my hard wood floor and the screen split in half. It was only a two foot fall and I had a protective case on it. The phone is very slippery and it will be dropped sooner or later! I filed an insurance claim and got a new one. Two days later I accidently dropped it again on my hard wood floor and the ear speaker stopped working. There wasn't a scratch on the phone but the ear speaker no longer worked! The next time that I dropped it the little button on the top that shuts the screen off stopped working so now the screen stays on all of the time. I use my cell phone a lot like everyone these days. I have used cell phones since the early nineties and have dropped everyone of them multiple times and they always worked fine, even if it separated into a bunch of pieces. This is the most fragile phone on the market! If you think that you might drop your phone even once, steer very clear of the Pre. I like the features of the phone but it's way too fragile. If this is the best Palm can do, they will be out of business within two years, I guarantee it! This phone is junk!

I've had this phone since the first day it came out.. and I've run it through the ringer... so I feel I can give a fair assessment. You've heard all the rants.. not enough apps (they are coming), battery sucks (so does Iphone's), ringer's not loud enough (there's a fix), iphone virtual keyboard is better (there's a virtual keyboard),  etc... almost everything you've ever heard someone complain about.. there is a fix for (or in the works) in the Homebrew community. Palm has allowed brilliant and dedicated developers to tweak the device to their liking.. unlike the Iphone. The only things that are unfixable.. that I hope to see in the Pre 2 are at the bottom of this post.Some complain about poor build quality and scratches easily.. my phone has not had one problem with either. I do have an invisible plastic membrane over the screen.. so scratching isn't even a consideration in my mind.If you are a poweruser.. you can get around almost every single complaint via the precentral.net Homebrew community tweaks, patches, themes, and homebrew apps. There are over 200 useful Homebrew apps available there and it is growing very fast.. AND now with version 1.2 you can pay for apps in the App Catalog.. so expect new official apps to come fast (as many developers didn't want people downloading the apps for free). I go on the homebrew forums everyday.. and people request all kinds of things.. and the homebrew developers quickly develop what they want, the users test and give feedback, and the developer's come back with the improvements. It's a 24/7 product development [...] no company could dare do what they do.Here are few things the Iphone can't touch:1) MULTITASKING2) Form factor3) Physical keyboard4) Open developer communityThis is an amazing first crack at WebOS (and yesterday's version 1.2 update fixes over 70 issues).. however, there are a few things that this Palm Pre can not FIX without a physical new device.. and I look forward to seeing in the Pre 2:1) More memory.. or at least make it expandable with an SD card. It comes with 8GB.. I personally could use a 32GB version to hold all my music.2) Faster CPU. The new 1.2 update has made things snappier.. and can now keep more apps open before lagging.. but it's still not to the point where workflow is not interrupted by CPU lag. Some apps take a longer time to load than you would hope for.. but with the new 1.2 update.. I might just keep more apps open in the background at all times to get around the problem. (which highlights the Pre's BEST feature.. the MULTITASKING is brilliantly done!)3) Battery life. I upgraded to the the 1350mAh battery and can get through one day.. barely. If we are lucky we can get around this problem with a 2600mAh battery that keeps the same form factor (they have a 2600mAh version but it extends the depth by a few millimeters)4) Can't use data EVDO while on the phone. This could be fixed by going to 3G or 4G (which there is a version for soon)

I have been using the Palm Pre for 6 months now. I am very happy to say that while the hardware may be lacking, Web OS is the best phone OS out there.  I have friends with Blackberries, Iphones, and Android phones.  Though those friends will tout their hardware in my face they all agree that web OS is the best operating system to date.  Multitasking, the intuitiveness, the peripherals. They all contribute to making the Pre, IMHO, the best phone on the market.

I think the PalmPre is a great phone at a great price but buying through Amazon and trying to set-up with Sprint is a nightmare. I will admit I'm trying to port my old number to this new phone (shouldn't be too difficult, we are legally entitled to port old #s). Two days in and 12 calls to Sprint customer service and -- my port will take a week to complete (may not be Sprint's fault), and the neither of the two temporary phone number they've given me work at all. To add to this my old number has been disabled because of the port so I'm trapped without a phone!Sprint customer service really are incredibly dysfunctional. The seemingly simple number port has created a circle of confusion like no other. You rarely get a native English speaker, everyone gives you different information and when they can't work out what's wrong instead of staying on the line and trying to escalate your problem they just transfer you to another first line person who wastes your time asking you your account # and PIN #s etc. I literally should have made  recording of me explaing my problem.To add insult to injury I've noticed that as my Pre's battery drops so my Sprint reception gets worse and calls quality gets problematic.This said, I love the Pre itself. Brilliantly designed on every front. Easy to use, powerful, elegant, and feature rich.I guess with a Pre and Sprint you're at least not paying the iphone tax for terrible service.

I got this phone 2 weeks after its launch(mid June 2009), using it daily, and just about every feature. In several areas I will compare it to the iPhone, since I feel that these are the two best multimedia smart-phones currently available.POSITIVES:1. Awesome Operating System (WebOS) and most positives come from it.2. Multi-tasking is simply perfect, switching between apps, opening new ones, closing them, everything works great. Want to listen to Pandora online radio while surfing the web? No problem. The iPhone 3GS does not have that functionality.3. Instant Messaging and text messaging is awesome. Hard to explain but a text from a friend, as well as an instant message later from that same friend all go to the same messaging interface and are linked as part of the same conversation - it's simply brilliant and seamless.4. Phone is comfortable to hold and has a nice curve to it.5. Contacts from Facebook and other email accounts are seamlessly added to the phone automatically.6. Push (instant) email from other accounts.7. Awesome touch screen, really vibrant, gestures work well, surfing the web is a breeze.8. Finally, a little known gem, that I don't understand why more people haven't lauded it: Navigating applications is simply brilliant. No other device does it this well. Need to "up" one level (say from the compose an email screen to your inbox, just swipe your finger on the bottom of the screen ("back" gesture) and it takes you there. Every application, even 3rd party ones, work this way. Listening to a particular song in an album and want to go back to the listing of all songs in that album? Yes, the back swipe does it again. Again, it is hard to describe in words, but it is simply intuitive an really easy. In the iPhone for example, every application has its own way of doing this. Some have a back button, some have a menu that gives other options, some have links in other areas. Basically, navigating an iPhone app is an adventure, and not intuitive. Moving around a WebOS (pre) app, is incredibly easy.9. Sprint plans are cheaper than AT&T;, period. (69.99 gets you 450 minutes, unlimited data, unlimited text messaging in Sprint, and turn by turn navigation with traffic reports, re-routing the full service. This plan is 99.99 in AT&T; (for 99.99 in sprint you get unlimited MINUTES, data and text). If you don't care for navigation, the cost in AT&T; is $89.99, still a full $20 more ($500 more throughout the life of the contract.10. You can replace the battery (albeit it's a bit hard, but you can do it)NEGATIVES:- The device is fragile. It's all plastic, including the screen. iPhone screen is glass and the new 3GS is much better with finger print smudges. If it falls, it's probably going to be toast. The iPhone (1st generation through 3GS has MUCH better hardware - not talking about processor and memory, those are virtually the same between 3GS and Pre, but the case, screen, and overall physical feel of it.- Finger print ultra magnet. I still do not get this. Why not normal plastic? This is just baffling. You will see every finger print, everywhere on the device, back, front, sides, every inch of it is a finger print magnet. It's annoying. Instead of shiny coat of black finger print magnet plastic, use the regular one? Like every keyboard in the world?- Very few applications on the store. More will come, but right now (August 3, 2009) there are only about 40.- Battery life is very poor. You will have to charge every day, even with light use. Reports vary widely, some people say they can go 2 days, but the overwhelming majority of users report less than a day worth of battery. Just google "palm pre battery issues" for details. Mine lasts around 20 - 30 hours. That's about 20 texts (combined sent and received), about 5 - 10 minutes of phone calls. Email checking, with some responses, light web surfing, on both evdo and wifi (total time about an hour). And listen to mp3s for about an hour or two. Most of the time I am not doing heavy multitasking, just music and web, or music and email. I have the GPS off, location services off, email syncing is every 24 hours (instead of instant/push), and the screen brightness is at the lowest level. Despite all this, I have to charge it every day. If you use the navigation application to get somewhere that is over 3 or 4 hours away, your phone will be dead by the time you get there, so a car charger is a must for those times.Other notes:Keyboard:It is small (I have large hands and relatively fat fingers, can palm a basketball). At first, I thought I would never be able to use it, since the layout of the phone calls for you using both your thumbs to type (and thumbs are of course, the fattest of all fingers), so I made lots of mistakes, and thought I'd return it due to that. But after about a month I got used to it, and accuracy is up to about 95% or so. I can't say I love the keyboard, but it is not as bad as some reviews make it sound.Sharp / cut cheese?Some professional reviews complained about how sharp an edge of the device was. This is incredibly misleading. I have never, in 2 months of use, felt the "sharp edge" against me on regular use. Not sure how the reviewers managed to feel that after a day or two with the device. If you open the device, and press your finger directly on the edge, you can see that it is indeed a little bit sharp (no, no chance at all of cutting yourself) but I cannot think of a single way of touching the sharp edge during normal use. Let alone touching it hard enough for it to feel sharp.-------------- My Screen Cracked (skip if desired): ---------------------------The screen cracked on the top right corner (spider web cracks - just google for palm pre cracked screen to see the reports and pictures) of my phone. I have no reason to lie to you about it. I did not do ANYTHING for it to break. It wasn't dropped, it was in loose pocket, I didn't bump into a table. I simply tapped that corner (when tapping the top right corner the phone displays the remaining battery life in percentage, among other data), put it in my pocket, 5 minutes later I took it out again, and half the touchscreen was unresponsive, then I noticed the crack right where I tap to get battery life. I was shocked. Never in my life have I broken a gadget (and I have had tons of gadgets, from pdas, to cellphones, to small computers, digital cameras, you name it). This was after 18 days with the phone, so I figure since I was within my 30 days, all was well, and the phone would be replaced - I had to have gotten a lemon, right? Note: the phone was immaculate in every other way. There were no scratches, no dents, in fact the crack was in the middle layer if the display (meaning you couldn't feel it with your fingers) but the touch sensitive layer was messed up somehow.- Sprint store reps were rude and accused me of dropping the phone, sitting on it, or elsewhere, and would not replace it. Take it to repair and pay $119 was their solution.- Palm (via the phone) were just as unhelpful and said: "the screen is very resistant, you must have done something to it". They wanted $200 to replace it. After talking to about half a dozen employees (mostly in India - which is fine with me, just noting it that customer support is not US based for the most part) I got a higher up in the US. He was pleasant, but still refused to help much. He just said, we can repair it for a discount (making the repair $100 instead of $200). Even after explaining that I must have gotten a lemon, to no avail. He did mention that if the crack was in the "home button" (bottom of the phone) then they would have replace it, as that is a known issue, but since my crack was in the upper right, something must have happened with the phone.- Now I started calling Sprint again to see what they could do, paying $119 or $100 for a lemon just didn't seem right, so finally after x amount of time and countless conversations, someone gave me the benefit of the doubt (you would think they would treat their customers better, but alas) they offered to credit my account after I sent them a repair bill from a designated repair store.Why did I stick with Sprint and a Palm phone after this? I like the phone that much. And Sprint did pay for the repair at the end. If they hadn't I would have canceled the contract. But the customer service of both Sprint and Palm was very poor to say the least.- I've had the new device for about 20 days without issue, but I am worried it will happen again. The Sprint insurance is also pretty bad for regular damage (lost or stolen, different story), you pay $7 a month (which is fine...) but if the screen cracks, you then pay $100 for the repair. The repair without insurance costs $119. So if you don't plan on breaking it more than once every 3 months, it doesn't seem very worth it.------------------------Conclusion:Despite the negatives, I love the phone. I had the option to get an iPhone 3GS instead, but after using this for a month, I just couldn't go back. The iPhone 3GS seemed so primitive in a lot of ways.

I love this phone. I bought it when it first came out (i am now on my third one). when people asked me when it first came out whether they should buy it or not, i said no. Thats right no. It still needed time to come into its own. And now that wait is over. this phone is bar non the best phone i have ever used. it still has a few kinks, but they just keep making it better with every patch.pros:Best multitasking of any phone (you wouldn't even realize you needed this before this phone, try it you will see what i mean)The web on this thing is the best i have ever used, and yes i have used an iphone i like this better.It has a keyboard ... not the best keyboard, but it is usable. (little bigger than centro)IT HAS A WIRELESS CHARGER!!! one of a kind unique! it is so neat.Cons:battery life: if you are a heavy user you will need an extended battery and currently none of the extended batteries support the wireless chargerIt can lag at times which is annoying.Lastly the "living in the cloud" idea is awesome, but make sure you use some kind of backup software, they don't really have the whole cloud thing figured out perfectly yet. (my wife lost all her info when her phone died)

I'm not going to review all the features found but just say that this is the phone i grab to get something done (over the iphone 3GS that I had for awhile comparing them) and generally is more fun to use.First of all, definitely get the car charger from Palm or an online store like Precentral.net.  This one powers the touchstone if you choose to put one in car.  It's pretty nice to be able to get in the car, just lay the Pre down on it and be able to stream Pandora (even over bluetooth stereo), use Sprint Navigation (pretty decent GPS turn by turn), take calls, etc.  If no bluetooth, just plug into axillary port.Forums at Precentral give you more apps (homebrew apps) to put on your Pre and an easy way to do it.  Tethering app is also available that can turn your Pre into a wifi hotspot or BT/USB tethering.Only con really is that native palm apps (or functions like copy n paste) aren't that polished.  This is expected to be corrected in future updates (which are downloaded/installed straight from the phone).  Since launch, we've already seen some minor and one major update.  Current version is 1.1.  Other features like audio and video recording are expected in future as well.  App catalog is expected to really take off by end of summer with sdk already out if you're craving some games like Bejeweled or others.With Sprint, you can upgrade every 12 months since a Pre plan will automatically make you a sprint Premier member.  Airave is available if you have any in-home reception problems..this device is hooked up to your router to give you full bars in home.  Calling Sprint and asking about Pick 3 can get you unlimited calls to any 3 non-sprint numbers.  Finally, make sure you're getting a discount (up to 27%) no matter if its your company, or being a member of an eligible entity (such as a credit union, utility, association, etc...Precentral or other sites have more details).

In addition to all that has been said, the fact that you don't have to install ANY software on your computer to get your conacts, email, calendar, etc sync'd is amazing!

Hello Review,I recently purchased the Palm Pre and I have been using the internet and phone features with complete ease.  I am comfortable and computer/cell phone literate (using txt and etc) however; I made a quantum leap when I decided to purchase the Palm Pre.  I owned a MOTO Camera phone with Verizon for years.  The functionality and attractiveness of the Palm Pre shockingly prompted me to change mobile carriers.  Additionally, when comparing phone and data plans, without doubt Sprint proves to be most competitive. ($69.99 w/ 450 landline minutes (unlimited mobile to mobile on ANY carrier) and unlimited data/internet and text). Comparably, other carriers charge up to $20.00 more for text alone.Before deciding to purchase the Pre, the only other alternative and phone I was considering was the Wal-Mart/Corolla of all phones, the Apple iphone.  While the iphone is a wonderful smart phone, it proves to be very limiting, and prevents one from being his/her self, regarding the ability to personalize the phone.  The multi-tasking card feature on the Pre, is something I respect and appreciate.  The Iphone on the other hand is so rigid and non-flexible, I think it tends to have a mind of its own.  For example, if you are texting on the iphone and a phone call comes in, Just kiss your text message good bye or anything else you were doing.  However, the Pre, will simply alert you of an email or text (in a discrete manner), without distracting you one bit.  If you decide to click the discrete  alert, Wha-La, the application(s) you were working in, do not disappear or require closing.  Additionally, the card feature allows you to toggle between the various applications with ease. You are not Forced to close down one application before opening another. Another example, I had to retrieve a friends address from my yahoo email on the Pre and immediately with the email application being active, I was able to enter the address into Google maps, while toggling between the various apps, and the phone rang. I was able to do it all!I would encourage anyone looking for a new smart phone to consider the Palm Pre. No disrespect to the iphone, however, its rather plan/vanilla besides the ability to color protection guard one can purchase.  I consider the iphone the Toyota Corolla of smart phone. They're reliable, safe and comfortable, but that is it.  Although, the Pre does not possess as many apps as the iphone, the apps and data are being developed and like the iphone (which is in its 3rd edition) has always had modifications and improvements, specifically software. The slide out QWERTY keyboard is small, however; within a matter of 2 days using the phone, you will be used to it with high levels of accuracy.The battery life is about the same and is typical with any smartphone - however, I am training my battery and only provide complete charges when it near dead.I stepped outside the Box and decided to go with the Pre, and certainly Satisfied.

Switched over from AT&T to Sprint because of the Pre and have no regrets.  My experience with the phone has been awesome.  No problems with Sprint or the phone.  I find the Pre is amazing and since this is the beginning of a new operating system, I am excited to see where it goes from here.  The first days of not syncing to the computer seemed odd, but love syncing wirelessly over wifi or if one prefers in the cloud where you never lose your contacts and info.  There are things on my wish list that I am looking forward to, but totally satisfied and loving my Pre!

I was an early adopter of Palm, and left for a decade plus of Blackberry. Wanted an iPhone, but carrier (Verizon) wouldn't allow it and I like my qwerty (mini) keyboard with real buttons. This puppy behaves like an iPhone, and becomes its own wifi router... perfect for car trips when your kids want to use laptops and iTouches and other wifi enabled devices. The device intuitively managed my contacts and merged them with facebook so it magically was smart about who calls. Some basic functions are not intuitive, and it gets quite hot and burns battery faster than I like. But it's an exponential improvement and shows Palm is still in the game.Pros:Creates wifi hot spot "on the go" (laptops can connect to web via it)iPhone-like swiping with real keyboard (slips out)Small and magnetic charger (optional)EXCELLENT at importing and merging contacts- just type contact name while in address book to find someoneVideo and photo pretty good, and can upload to twitter and youtubeCons:Gets hot and runs battery fast (especially in wifi-enabling mode)A little fumbly in hands- doesn't quite fit right-hand use like Blackberry and keyboard is a bit too small and hiddenOften says I'm "out of cards," but reboot fixesApps are limited (relative to iPhone but growing)Video decent but upload to YouTube is hit/miss (don't change the default file name before uploading!). Sound doesn't synch alwaysI'm moving to iPhone 4G to be compatible with Mac and have HD video with faster upload like my wife's, but may keep this phone active for Wifi convenience and because it's all populated with contacts, music and some nice apps (nap timer is a must).

I see a lot of good reviews for this phone, even though it's fundamentally not a good phone.  So, why the good reviews?  This phone demo's AMAZINGLY well.  If you're playing with it in the store or have had it for a week or so, you're going to think it's the best phone ever.  Take it from a guy who's first phone was a briefcase, this phone has a long way to go before it even gets to good.This review comes from having 2 of these phones in my house since June.  I've also had Palm Treo's since the 650.  I love(d) Palm.Pro's- Nice design- The app store is blowing up because of the ease of developing for it- Automatic backup and Internet functionality are great conceptsThat's all I can really say that's good at this point.  Now for the con's.  By the way, most of the things I have listed as "Con's" are DOCUMENTED BUGS that Palm has not fixed, but they're sure to make sure that your ability to buy things in the app store gets fixed ASAP.Con's- After you get good at how the phone works is where it really starts to break down.  Trying to do things quickly doesn't happen much.  You'll touch an icon and nothing will happen.  So you press it again.  Guess what?  Now it'll think you pressed it twice and either quit the application or do something else wonky- IMPORTANT:  It doesn't work very well as a, you know, phone.  I've had many calls that I've answered only to watch the phone not process it and the call goes to voicemail.  Remember the problem I just talked about in the last point?  Well, sometimes it doesn't look like the phone realized you wanted to answer it, so you hit the answer button again.  Then it will register that you hit it twice, thus answering the call and immediately hanging up on the person.  Who cares if there's an app that lets me do my taxes if the phone won't even allow me to talk to people that call me- Technically, the phone allows multitasking.  Again, once you get good at using the phone and turn in to a power user, the multitasking just frustrates you.  Maybe you're having an SMS conversation and looking through pics, the phone will just freeze up fairly quickly.  Even if it doesn't freeze up, moving between applications becomes horribly sluggish.  You'll see the application switch over but you won't be able to do anything on it.  Who cares if it can multi-task if you can't use the tasks?- It says you can easily switch out the battery.  Yeah, good luck with that.- It's a lot of fun when you have no applications open and then it tells you that you can't open an application because you have too many applications open.In Palm's weak defense, they have made things a little better with each update.  However, the phone still isn't where it needs to be to be considered even a remote competitor to many of the smartphones out there.  They needed another year of development but, instead, Palm is making the people that bought the phones be their Beta testers.  I guess they would have a bunch of users that were unhappy rather than fewer users that were happy.The bottom line (for now) is don't get this phone.  Maybe after another year of updates it will work as promised.  It may not happen at all until the Pre 2.  Either way, move along, there's nothing to see here.

What makes it so great is the WebOS operating system.  This Smartphone operating system is hands down better than any other on the market including Android and the iPhone iOS.

I've had the Palm Pre nearly 2 months now, and overall I have to say that I am very, very pleased. The ability to multitask has made it all too simple to quickly flip between web pages, Twitter, music and email. The card system is the simplest multitasking paradigm I've seen on any platform, handheld or desktop. The notification system for incoming phone calls, new emails, text messages and calendar events is best in class, as you're able to deal with these other tasks on your schedule, not according to the dictates of the phone. And it's fun to use, too. While there are not thousands of third-party applications yet, the ones available are of uniformly high quality and are always useful.The turn-by-turn directions (free with every Sprint plan available) are dead-on accurate and have me wondering if I really need that fancy GPS that's integrated in my car. As a phone, it's much better than expected. While the signal strength is a bit worse than the Palm Centro it replaced, it's rarely an issue since free roaming (voice & data) is included. The speakerphone has gotten rave reviews from folks on the other end of the call, apparently it works quite well. I especially like it paired with the Touchstone, as the speakerphone automatically activates when placed on the dock, and it switches back to regular mode when picked up. Cool.I've got this working with 3 Bluetooth devices so far... an inexpensive headset, an Eclipse AVN-2210p in-car GPS and the Motorola ROKR S9-HD headphones. The headphones work for music and voice calls, and the controls work great for music. Speaking of which, the Palm media player works well, as it easily syncs with iTunes to update Podcasts, music & playlists automatically. In fact, it's so good as an MP3 player that I've sold an iPod Touch and I haven't used the Nano since purchasing it!The web browser works very well, able to navigate to any web page (except for crappy Flash-based sites) and works seamlessly on iPhone-optimized websites. The screen is a little on the small sign, but laser sharp. If the text gets too small, I just flip to landscape mode and then reading is a breeze. Using gestures to navigate websites and to launch new cards (applications) takes about 5 seconds to learn and then quickly becomes second nature.And of course, it has a very usable thumbboard, making it easy for anyone to tap out text messages (unlimited on the Sprint plan), send email or even write new blog posts. From card view, you can start typing and the Pre automatically finds email addresses, phone numbers and bookmarks that fit the characters. Or you can immediately search Google or Wikipedia to find the information you need.The camera is very good, great for emailing pics and the colors are very nice. The flash makes it usable in a pinch even in the lowest light, and with the right lighting conditions (just before sunset, in the fog) the photos could easily be mistaken for something taken by a point & shoot camera or even an SLR.Overall I'm very happy. To recap the positives:- Great voice quality- Exceptional speakerphone- Touchstone integration is very nice- Music player has replaced 2 iPods- Best-in-class web browser- Easy multi-tasking- Very good camera- Physical keyboard- Universal search- GPS-based turn-by-turn directions- Great applications out of the box (YouTube, Google Maps, Sprint NFL)- 3rd-party applications are universally great (Tweed, Pandora & Accuweather are among my faves)- Awesome alert system- Replaceable battery- Charges over standard micro-USB connector- Can be used as USB thumb drive- Good Bluetooth support- Battery life is good even under moderate-to-heavy usage- The slider means that the phone slips easily & unobtrusively into any pocketThings that should be improved soon- More applications in the App Catalog- Better signal strengthReally, that's it. All the Spring plans included unlimited data, unlimited texting, GPS directions and Sprint TV. Honestly, it's the best new gadget I've ever had.

I love webos, much more intuitive and sleek than any other phone!Great multitasking!Background notifications!!!!

The Pre is just an awesome phone. It's only con in my opinion is battery life, which can be easily remedied. I just can't state enough how much Multi-Tasking on the Pre makes a difference. It's one of those features that you don't necessarily need, but when you try it out for a while you wonder how the heck you ever lived without it. This phone is half blackberry half iphone. It is a very good business phone and a decent entertainment phone. As time progress's and WebOS get's updated it will further improve on these two. It's a first gen WebOS phone that has nearly every feature of the 3rd gen iphone. Combine this with 2-3x more 3g coverage on Sprint then AT&T, Any time Mobile, TEP insurance, Free Voice/Nav services, and fastest data speeds. Their is just really not any reason to NOT get the Palm Pre on Sprint.

What makes the Pre a better phone then it's competitors aside from it's beautifully designed shape and gorgeous user interface which is dead simple to use is it's multitasking.1. The most undersold feature that the Pre brings to the table is it's multitasking. No other phone has the true multitasking that the Pre has. The ability to be in a call open your calendar and your email, being able to switch between both of them is a huge advantage.  It's easy to get used to this kind of functionality and once you are, you will never want to go back. It's just like using a PC and having multiple applications open. Would you buy a PC that could only open one application or one web browser at a time? That's what you'd be getting with the iPhone, which is a great phone but feels dated when compared to the Pre.2. The next thing that makes this phone different is the sliding keyboard. It is one of the first vertically sliding phones. Palm was smart to design it this way. Most of your typing you do is vertical, think text messaging, email, search...  I've tried most other phones virtual keyboards and it just isn't the same.3. Synergy is Palm's new method of having all your information synced. Remember Palm invented hand held sync and this new way means you never need a cord or PC to sync your data again. It is always synced, wirelessly. You can literally throw it over a cliff and when you get a new one, sign on and poof all your data comes back including all the paid applications you bought.Of all the people I know that bought the Pre, none of them could see leaving it.

To those who do not like this phone, Pre is just born. Give it more time to grow up. It must be a great phone in near future.

I am extremely surprised that this phone hasn't taken over and a bigger buzz hasn't being built around it.  I used to have an Iphone but now I have the palm pre and I am absolutely in love with it.  These are the reasons:1) Multi-tasking is amazing:  Sometimes I am browsing a webpage when I receive a text message, I flipped over to the text message, leave the web-site open and respond without any issues.  The e-mail notification system is amazing and seamless and now that the phone has video capability I love being able to send little videos through SMS.2) Love the connectivity that it has with facebook.  It automatically loads the pictures and the information of all of your friends.3) The applications are good.  I am not one to use a 1000 applications, the ones that the Palm pre currently have work great for me and I absolutely love them (specially "Where is my Pre", as it allows me to find my phone when i misplace it.)4) The price:  I pay about $70 dollars a month with unlimited everything on the sprint network.  This is very much the steal compared with what I used to pay with my iphone.  I love saving money while being able to do more.

I've been a fairly happy iphone user for the past 2 years.  I had the first generation, and the 3G, and was considering an upgrade to the 3GS and decided to pass, here's what factored into my decision- The Pre is a great phone and has a top notch browser, multi-touch is excellent- Sprint's network in the San Francisco bay area right now is better than AT&T;'s.  AT&T; drops calls on 280 all the time and sticking on 3G (vs EDGE) is not reliable.- Sprint's plans are much cheaper than AT&T.;  Big bonuses for me were the unlimited texting in all plans, the included GPS program (rebranded Telenav which costs $10/month on AT&T;), nights and weekends that start at 7.- The physical keyboard is nice.  It's not perfect, but not bad, and better than the touch screen and much more responsive- I love the notifications interface.  It's incredibly well done- I love the multi-tasking.  Being able to finally run Pandora and a bunch of other applications is brilliant- Pretty easy to install homebrew programs on (a bit easier than the iphone today), but that may change- The touchstone is very cool, although outfitting your home, car, and work with one gets expensive quicklyCons:- No international roaming with the Pre/Sprint vs lots of international roaming with AT&T;- No Camcorder (yet, although in theory it should be coming)- 8GB memory seems small now that the default on the iphone 3gs is 16gb, but with my 8gb I never filled it, mainly b/c I started using pandora heavily- Lack of many applications.  That being said, I looked at my top used iphone apps, and most are already on the pre or the web versions work great, and I expect this to rapidly increase- No games on the Pre.  Not a huge issue for me, but I'm sure it will be for some- No visual voice mail (although this is a minor point as I'm hoping to soon port my number to google voice and then get my voice mails transcribed)- I want a local sync option included for contacts/calendar.  Today it's a 3rd party program, you must sync to exchange or google or facebook.- Synergy is a great idea, poorly implemented right now.  I like being able to enhance my contacts with facebook photos, but I don't want all my facebook contacts in the system, just enhance the ones I already have in outlook- The touchstone only takes a slimmed down mini-usb connector that palm sells.  The 3rd-party mini-usb connectors I have and my car one would need to have some plastic shaved off to fit in the touchstone- The screen is always on when you are charging on the touchstone.  Please fix this (give me an option!)- The usb-charging dock cover seems flimsy and like it will eventually break.- The iphone touch screen seems a bit more solid- Sprint isn't allowing tethering, which is a huge shame.  There's already a third-party hack for this, so it's clearly possible.  If Sprint let me pay $5/day or even $10/day when I need this, there's a lot of revenue they could capture.  They are probably trying to protect their MIFI and data card revenue stream, but this seems very short-sighted.Overall, the fact that Apple with their app store policies, and AT&T;'s crappy network and high costs, have made me make the switch.  It's not a perfect replacement, but pretty darn good, and I expect that with firmware upgrades it'll get better fast.

I'm a tech geek who purchased the Pre on day one of availability.  Let me break it down as simply for anyone considering this phone.  If you have more than one window open on your computer RIGHT NOW...then the Pre is for you.  I love the multitasking.  I can swipe through multiple running programs with one finger.  At a minimum I always have my email and an internet card (window) open.  Even when texts or phone calls come in; I never lose my place.  It comes in handy when your in a place where a laptop isn't convenient.  No confusing menus.  No IT knowledge required.  A flip of the finger to move between open applications is all you need.The Pre is not perfect.  While its strengths is its software, its weakness is its hardware.  The build quality of the phone could be better.  It's made of all plastic, so if you like metal then this phone isn't for you.  I haven't had any of the horror stories because I baby my Pre.  Even with the extra care, the charging port cover came off.  All the complaints about the Pre are mostly true.  While most of it is from normal wear and tear, Palm still should have built a beefier phone in anticipation of this.Overall I wanted to give the Pre 4 stars because I don't think it's perfect.  But in these ratings, it said 4 stars = "I like it."  And I don't like my Pre...I love it!  Hence the 5 stars.  It's as close as you can get to a laptop experience in your pocket.

I've had a Pre since its debut in June, 2009, and have not been disappointed.  The versatility of the WebOS system is tremendous!  It has been continuously updated and refined over the months, and gets better and better.  The ability to customize it through available "homebrew" patches has increased its functionality, too.  Finally, the relative bargain of Sprint's data plans are the best deal.  Compare the carriers' plans carefully!

My first two reviews on amazon are for this phone and the touchstone since they are both excellent products, and the pre gets such an undeserved bad rap.Here is a quick list of the stuff I love about the phone:Feels great in the hand...small, smooth, solid.  Looks nice tooMultitasking is something I could now not do without.  I can run 5 simultaneous web pages with navigation and music going.  Its great if you are a passenger calling the shots.patches are little tweaks that tune every aspect of the ui and how the phone operates.  It is a fun day going through all the new ones each week...I get more than a little excited.And its unique, and so inherently cool.  All gadgetphiles have heard of, few have actually seen it.  I get more interest showing it off than my friends iphones or droids, and afterwards everyone comes off impressed.And since it is exclusive - Sprint works well in my area (check yours, every carrier have bad spots).  They are dirt cheap and with my employer discount, I am paying $5 more a month for unlimited data/texts than my last carrier with limited texts and voice only.The cons usually fall under two categories: build quality and small app store.The slider is notorious for developing the 'oreo effect'.  This is a side to side wiggle.  It seems to happen more when people open with one thumb, so it slides out at an angle.  Mine has a bit after 3 months, but who cares?  It is .5mm at most...so what?The app store grows every day, and there are a lot of cool 3d games that have grapics closer to a psp than a phone.  Productivity apps are added all the time.  There is even a great geocaching app that invents a surprisingly useful software compass to make up for its lack of a hardware one.Bottom line, its store is missing apps found in the android and iphone market, but most of their bulk is redundancy, while the webos store has less overlap, so the disparity is no where near what the numbers suggest.So...Sprint, like most carriers, has a 30 day intro period.  If you think you'd like a solid phone with a lot of great and unique features, give it a go.  Its a good one.

Here are the smartphones I've used.  iphone, droid, palm pre.I can tell you flat out, the Pre is the best out of those 3 phones.  I was really surprised how much I liked it when I started using it.  I seemed to hear a lot of bad things, but I can tell you, they are over-exaggerated in my opinion.The multitasking is better than any other platform...this isnt disputable.  its not even close.  You can have multiple cards (like windows on a pc) open on your screen, all working, all doing something different.The way notifications come in is great, universal search is truly amazing.  And I was shocked at how many really good apps are out for Palm.  It hasnt been out too long, so I was surprised that it has most of the same iphone apps.  Some are named different, but do the exact same thing.  Its most of the really useless apps that i dont see anymore, which is nice.And all the things that I had to jailbreak my iphone for are perfectly legit on Palm phones.  Not only are they ok with it, but I downloaded a program from Palm that will reload the original software if I mess something up.  I just plug in the phone, open the program, click reinstall, and it does it.  So much better than having to replace it, or take it to an apple store.There's really too much to list.  If you havent tried the Pre, you dont know what you are missing.

This phone set the standard for what the iPhone should have been upon launch, but was unfortunately hampered by hardware specs that were not as competitive as they should have been.  The slide-out physical keyboard was great, the ability to tweak the OS with Linux hacks was better, and I'm sad that Palm is gone.  They failed to take into account that all the great things in their phone OS could ultimately be added to later iPhone software as it caught up and matured as a better product.

This past summer we bought the Palm Pre to upgrade from our old analog phones. We have been loyal and happy Sprint customers for the past 7 years. After charging up both phones, it was a snap to get going- HUGE! We are both quite tech savy so we had no problems at all with the phones for the first 3 weeks. The system sounds on one of the phones stopped working...so no Pandora or any music or ringtones would work. 3 trips to the Sprint store we get a new phone. Now the same problem happened with the other phone 2 weeks later. New phones all around! Now its January and we collaborately have had 7 phones since July. All the phones have been returned and replaced no questions. All of the returns have been system quirks that are known by Palm that have not been corrected except by returning phones and then sending customers "refurbished" Palms. Whats the deal, we spent over $700 for 2 phones and renewing our Sprint contract for 2 years since for the past 7 have been flawless. Now, I have spent 4 hours on the phone between Sprint and Palm. The customer service at Sprint is horrible like most big companies. But after asking to ask for a manager to help out the first time, I was disconnected. Second, time I was put on hold for 15 minutes and transfered around and then to Palm customer service who told me that there is a 14.95 charge for using there tech support which will be waived ... the dead Palm Pre had a corruption during the last software patch and fried the phone. After hour plus it was decided that I need a new phone- AGAIN. So we are deciding what to do - Since a new contract was signed and now stuck with Sprint and Palm. Today, I am going to call Sprint to see what is going to happen to either give me credit for the palms or get new devices not refubished ones.  To be Continuted....

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002JIO4JY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis is the coolest phone!Over the air upgrades, each time significant improvements.If you don't like something about the phone you can go to [...] and find out how to setup for HOMEBREW applications and patches.  (You can patch your phone to change how it behaves, and all this is COOL with Palm!)  Palm encourages the open-source community to develop for the Palm Pre.I needed to shutdown a noisy server in my home office, but my office is in Georgia and I was working in New York.  So I installed SSH over the air on my Pre and using Terminus I was able to open a command line on my phone and connect via SSH to my server and shut it down.This is the Linux programmers most flexible tool...a must have!

I can hardly wait until I can upgrade my phone! This phone freezes up frequently, the touch screen is sporadic and the battery life sucks. The email programs take forever and a year to delete and empty the trash. Standby time is not more than a couple of hours, God forbid if you do anything with it during that time. I have to carry a charger with me everywhere I go.There are many, many apps- Love that! I can download to the cell then transfer to my computer saving my hotspot bandwidth- love that! I can use it as a hot spot for our home computers- Love that!My upgrade phone will be an iPhone. I have never hated a phone as much as this one. I strongly suspect you look elsewhere for a smartphone.

This phone does everything I could have hoped for - the multitasking is fantastic.  I love that I can have music playing while browsing the internet, then get an alert that I've got new unread items in my RSS feed.  I flip over to that, then check my twitter feed, then flip back to the web page was viewing.  It's easy, because I have them all running at once.  Although the app store is still small compared to the itunes catalog, the phone's hardware is comparable to the iphone 3gs, so there are some high-quality apps including many of the best games for the iphone (Assassin's Creed, Hero of Sparta, etc.)  Also, the one-step integration with my gmail and facebook accounts makes it painless to get all of my info in one place.Aside from the built-in capabilities, the WebOS platform is much more open than that of the iphone, which means that there's a thriving community creating unofficial patches and modifications for the phone.  The phone is great to begin with, but overclock it with a patch and it absolutely screams.  You can also add other things like a virtual keyboard (I like the physical one, but having the option to use the touchscreen is a plus.)The only qualm I have is the battery life, but that's an issue with every mobile device.  I picked up a higher capacity battery (made by Seidio), and haven't had any trouble since then.So long story short, this phone is great.  If you want an apple product so you can look cool to other apple junkies, buy an iphone.  If you want a fantastic device with the same capabilities as the iphone, built on a more open and flexible platform - buy a Palm Pre.  Now.

Purchased the Pre since Sept 2009.  Couple of items I found problems with:1.  Web access seems slower than iPhone;2.  Problem with getting voice mail --- when asked to input the code to get voice message, often time using the touch screen to enter the code will not work --- sometimes the touch screen will not pick up the number you touched, and sometimes even before I have completed the code entry, it will time out and the operator will say that I have to re enter the code. Really frustrating with this regular voice message feature. Something so standard should work perfectly.

Great phone and will only get better with a few updates and the upcoming java update this fall....Homebrew is growing everyday and go to [...] to view these apps.I came from the Samsung Instinct and could never go back!!

I've been using the Palm Pre for about 8 or 9 months now. I must say, this is one glorious device.The WebOS is by far the best mobile operating system I have interacted with on a phone.The phone multi-tasks like no other. If people try to argue that other phones multi-task like the palm pre, then those people have never physically used the phone.If you are on the ledge with this phone then I say to you, go into the store and physically test it out. It's definitely worth it.

I've had a Pre since launch day, and so far am liking it very much. I'll try to keep the gushing to a minimum and just list my likes and dislikesLIKES1. Form Factor: The phone is very "pocketable" unlike the iPhone which I'd be worried about breaking all the time if I were shoving it my front pocket. I just have a plastic screen protector stuck to it, but that's it. It also feels very smooth and nice in the hand, whereas the iPhone is a bit *too* thin and not as comfortable to hold. The pre is thicker, but smaller overall and fit more comfortably in my pocket.2. Interface/WebOS/Multitasking: Is for the most part extremely smooth and quite intuitive once you learn just a couple of gestures. Not quite as intuitive as an iPhone initially, but provides much more flexibility in navigating the interface. Since a firmware update the app launching is faster, though sometimes there's some animation stutter depending what's going on.3. Synergy/Syncing/Backups: No need for any software for this phone, as it does all the syncing in the background over the air. No worries about losing data, really and if you lose the phone, you can remote-wip the data4. Network Quality/3G Availability: For me has been quite good (I'm on Sprint, though I realize this is an unlocked version)... And don't live near a city. Plus roaming is free so no worries there...5. Physical Keyboard: Though it seems small, it's quite usable and for me, easier and faster than the iPhone KB (though if you're in landscape web viewing mode and need to type, you've got to rotate)6. Included Apps: Most of the included apps are quick-loading and very easy to use. I especially like the "Messaging" apps which sort of merges text/SMS/IM, etc... into a single conversation thread....DISLIKES1. Sometimes there's a slight "give" between the two halfs of the phone which makes it not feel quite as solid, but overall a minor gripe,,,2. Lack of available apps in the app store (especially a decent Facebook app - the mobile site is no substitute). Although I have seen the developer kit (recently released) and because it's based on web technologies, we should be seeing a flood of apps quite soon... With the initial SDK, you won't be seeing any robust 3D games or anything, but in time it's likely Palm will release an SDK more appropriate for that type of development...3. Some of the programs could use more features... for example the email could use an "empty trash" or other features, can't download stuff from the web browser, etc... - I think they're oversimplifying some program options...4. Lack of support for more media types, such as WMAs or even open source Ogg or FLAC, etc... I mean, what the heck Palm? It's *free* to add Ogg support, ya know - and adding WMA can't be *that* much of a barrier :POverall, I'd say I'm very happy with this phone. I like iPhones too, but the WebOs is just very fresh, smooth, lightweight and easy to use.

I have had Sprint for cell service for 10 years and have always felt bad that other cell companies dropped the hottest and newest phones.  However, the Palm Pre is a top quality phone with a totally redesigned OS and concept.  I bought the treo 600 almost 6 years ago and was not happy about the limitations that the phone had.  Now I have returned to Palm and am happy that this phone is the new standard for palm phones. I am not a die hard palm person, but I love the phone.  My buddy and I got our treos around the same time 6 years ago and he still has a sour taste after the experience.  I would have never returned to buy another palm product again, however, this phone has changed the way I look at the company and I feel they have finally given the iphone a real blow to blow competitor. This is their first phone with Web OS and it is solid, I wanted to hold out for the next version when it is released but did not want to wait 6 months to a year for a new version to come out.  My buddy who I spoke about earlier and other business associates bought iphones but I do not regret having the Pre like I did when I had my blackberry and they had their iphones. They were a bit envious of my phone on a recent business retreat we took to Lake Tahoe (iphone 3GS users, Wow), never thought I would see the day.  I thinks Sprint has superior service and prices over AT&T; which is why I did not switch to them and get an iphone, however Sprint finally has a winner that can represent their company in the cell phone wars.P.S. I just ordered the Seidio Innocell 2600mAh Extended Battery for Palm Pre or the Seidio (Black) extended life battery.  Once I have a chance to check it out I will review it and give a report.

I got this phone launch week in june of last year. I had a palm centro before, and was anticipating the new product. I was not expecting anything this good however. This phone simplifies everything about my life. (And thePalm Pre Plus Phone (Verizon Wireless)on Verizon has even more RAM and Storage, I cant even imagine what i could do with that) With a few taps on the physical keyboard i can have any app open and ready. I can edit videos and upload to youtube, all within 1 minute after recording. And while the app catalog is limited by quantity (which is increasing everyday), the quality of almost every single app surpasses my need for hundreds of thousands of useless ones. And lastly, the piece de resistance, multitasking, i have used my brothers' iphones, and i dont understand how they do it. With the palm pre, while im playing Need For Speed and i get a text, i tap the notification (or ignore it if unimportant, as it casually shows on the very bottom of the screen) and reply, and with a slide of my finger, go back to playing NFS. No other phone in today's market is this capable.

I really love this phone.  3D games.  Sliding keyboard.  !!!WEBOS!!!  Linux underpinnings...  Great hacking community at [...] ... There's already 3,000 apps... not to mention the tons of Optware Linux packages... and the QT apps that are now being ported.There's even overclock patches that put the phone at 600 Mhz, 720 MHz, or 800 MHz!!!  See here...[...]All I can do is recommend that you install the homebrew installer, Preware, as soon as possible.See here (need to copy & paste)...[...]

Do not get a palm they are unreliable and breakdown for no apparent reason.  Support is difficult to work with both through Palm or Sprint.  I've had a Palm Pre for 10 months and I'm on the third phone.  The first one I had for 6 months before the microphone and screen stopped working, the second one I had for 2 months before the screen and then battery died.  The third one has already died once and has a hot spot on the screen.  Support for Palm is ridiculously complicated, if you want to update your phone it takes HOURS to contact support and then they have to send the link to your phone you can't just down load it.  Also, that commercial on TV with the girl going from ap to ap quickl, yeah, that is a bunch of B.S. I have a commedor 64 that moves faster than this phone.  DO NOT GET A PALM!!!!!!!!

My first personal smartphone, although I've had smartphones from work for a few years.  Now I'm able to only carry one device that I can use for personal and work.The pre is a great smartphone and WebOS has a lot of potential in the future.Multi-tasking works great, and the built-in apps work great as well.  Synergy is a great feature, particularly with the calendar.  It's great being able to see all my calendars in one view.The keyboard is very small, but works fine for me, and the web browser is great.  Threaded messaging is also really nice, although sprint's MMS implementation seems a bit flakey.Battery life could be better, and reception could be as well, but I mostly blame the reception on Sprint, and the battery life seems to be very much a factor of how good the reception is.  The phone also isn't what I'd call rugged, but most smartphones (blackberry's excepted) aren't.I switched from Verizon to Sprint to pick up the Pre.  Sprint's coverage is definitely nowhere near as good as Verizon's in our area, but their plans are unbeatable.Overall I'm very happy with the phone and would definitely buy it again.

This is hands down the best phone out there!  The Palm Pre combines all the great features offered by other phones and combines it into one simple, elegant package that cannot be matched.  It offers the beautiful and simple functionality of the iPhone, the customizability of the Android phones, the hardware keyboard and email syncronization of the Blackberry, and then adds in two features that cannot be found elsewhere:  Synergy and true Multitasking!Synergy allows you to combine all of your online accounts and brings them in under one simple to use roof.  When you sign up, you enter in your details from your email, Facebook, IM accounts, and all of your contacts, calendar events, emails, and conversations seamlessly combine in one place!  You can quickly go from email to phone to IM quickly and transparently.  New notifications are intuitive but never intrusive.  Seriously, the notification system on the Pre is the best out there!  And with the multitasking, you never have to stop what you are doing to answer a notification, be it a phone call, a new IM, a new email, or text message.The multitasking is a total game changer.  Imagine you are playing a 3D game, and a phone call comes in.  You can choose to take it or not, but if you do, your game is paused, and you switch to the phone app.  Then you decide to check the weather, answer a few emails, post on Facebook, and buy a couple movie tickets.  You then can switch back to your game and pick right up where you left off, WITH ALL THE OTHER APPS STILL RUNNING!  You can pause your game again, and switch back to your Facebook page with just a swipe of the finger!  It is simply amazing, and once you use it, you will never look at another phone the same!Plus the Pre offers a healthy app catalog full of great games from major studios (like Sims3 or Need For Speed Underground), business and productivity applications, fun tools, and the like.  In addition, the Pre is a very open platform, so additional features, games, and applications are available via 3rd party sites which is a great bonus.The camera is wonderful on this phone, as both pictures and videos look FANTASTIC.And it has a slide out keyboard, for those of you who prefer a physical keyboard.Get this phone!!!

this phone has an amazing operating system, great hardware (the newer versions have almost none of the oreo effect most people hear about).I have owned many phones, and this one is by far the best.

PROS:Like all other smart phones, there are lots of useful features. GoogleMaps is good to have, and Facebook and Google integration are good. But for the price, it's nothing special. The touchstone charger is great, but for $75 it should include a cable!CONS:This phone is a rickety piece of junk. My current Pre can't  make a phone call without jittering in and out. The online syncing is faulty and lost my contacts. The app selection is pathetic. The list goes on.OVERALL:DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! The hardware is cheap and breaks. I have had three replacements in a year, and Sprint refuses to give me a different model. My brother and a friend have had similar issues, and both Sprint and Palm acknowledge that these problems are relatively common. The operating system is unnecessarily restricted (for instance, developers can not use the microphone for any purpose, so no chance of a voice recorder feature). The MP3 player application does the job, but it's clunky and slow with only barebones features. The GPS Map is useful, but you certainly can't rely on it! As soon as I count on it to get me where I'm going, it starts putting my location in random places on the map and messing up the route.I hate this phone. It's a prime example of a product rushed to market with lots of fancy features to entice customers, but simply not designed or built well enough. The fact that it essentially cost me $400 (with a rebate for signing a 2-year contract) makes me sick. It looks like it's been marked down a lot. Trust me - it's still not worth it!

WebOS is undoubtedly the best smartphone operating system currently available. It is visually appealing as well as smooth and seamless in its operation. The emphasis on swiping motions as opposed to tapping motions in the design of WebOS produces an ergonomically natural user experience. Neither Android nor the I-Phone interface can compare in this regard. I emphasize the operating system because this is the only feature of a phone that will probably not become obsolete over the life of a two-year contract. (In contrast, hardware specs are much more frequently bumped down the totem pole with each new handset introduction.)The primary shortcoming of the Palm Pre is the inferior build quality. In contrast to the metal casing and glass faceplate of the I-Phone, the Palm Pre is completely plastic. The Pre thus feels less luxurious and more fragile. However, this would seem to be more a matter of perception rather than reality as I have owned the Pre for over six months and encountered no physical failures in the device.

I did it! I finally got rid of my Windows Mobile phone and got a Palm Pre Plus, and I love it.The Palm OS is so much fun and easy to use! Windows Mobile is great only if you use Outlook, but if you use a bunch of other things now like Facebook, LinkedIn, and other applications, Palm does a better job of having all your apps work seemlessly together. I always had trouble syncing with Windows Mobile with all my contacts and calendar. Palm has gone to great lengths to design software to migrate your calendar, contacts and e-mail over to their phones. Palm has quite a few fun apps too of its own, even if, there are not as many as Apple's. The browser and e-mail and surfing the web are easy to do. It plays music and videos including songs from iTunes in MPG4 or MPG3 mode.This phone should appeal to students, Moms and business people alike. The screen is vivid and bright. The colors are very rich. The games are addicting to play if you buy any. My sons play 3D Need for Speed and love it. I play the matching games, checkers and loaded an aquarium on mine that are fun. I keep my shopping list now on this phone. I can surf the web, read my e-mails, get e-books, get on Facebook and text message a lot easier on my Palm Pre Plus than on my any of my Windows Mobile phones.I have not had the battery issues others worry about. Palm just updated the phone which allows the applications to open really fast and which extends the battery life. Plus, by tweaking the brightness of the phone, etc., I get my Palm Pre to run all day long. I also bought another battery and a car charger just in case I need to use it for longer. Also, other phones have battery issues as well. My son's iPhone battery runs out often too. If he watches too many videos, his iPhone needs a recharge every 3 hours. The batteries from many phones need to catch up to all the ways people use their phones now.I also got this phone because it has a physical keyboard. I got tired of the touch virtual keyboards since it's too easy to make mistakes with them. The Palm Pre Plus' keyboard is comfortable and easy to use, I find.The only warning I have is that this phone is touch screen to the max, which makes it either super fun to use, or will make you super frustrated. There are no buttons or balls to navigate with this phone. The stylus found on other Palm devices is gone. You touch, swipe or pinch the screen to open and close your apps, but it takes half a day or so to get use to the feel of the phone. It's not intuitive. At first when you get the phone, you'll feel that anything you touch opens up. Palm does include a quick user's guide on all the ways to touch the screen. In addition, one can not easily edit documents with the Palm Pre software, but a new application might be developed soon on this, I hope. That being said, people who want an alternative to the iPhone would probably be very happy with the Palm Pre Plus.The Palm Pre Plus has been overshadowed by the iPhone and Droid. I was an original Palm user when the Palm Pilot first came out, and then switched to the iPhone, Blackberry Storm and Windows Mobile (Samsung Omnia and Motorola Q). My opinion is that the Palm Pre Plus is the best for my money and for my needs. I would highly recommend the Palm Pre Plus, especially after the new upgrade, if you are looking for a fun touch phone. In fact, I think Palm should use their WebOS to design a touch tablet or netbook too.

Let's start with the good:  I was super excited when I got this phone.  The multi-app feature is really great.  Very very convenient.  I really can't rave about this enough because I can be on the phone with anyone, and I can surf the web, text, and play sudoku all at the same time.  This is just phenomenal to me.  I like the keyboard as I have very small hands, so it's not difficult to type on.Okay now the bad:1. This phone is incredibly delicate and flimsy.  My phone slipped off of my bed and onto the carpet, and it CRACKED.  So naturally, I bought a protector for it.  Because of the phone's design, the only protectors available are the hard plastic ones.  I literally went through three of them in four weeks before I decided to give up on them all together, the tiny tabs that hold them are are just not strong enough and they break so easily.  Much less, the case doesn't protect it if you drop it.  In both instances I dropped it (from short distances I might add), the case actually popped off and broke, offering no protection at all.  The phone just isn't designed well enough to support any kind of protective apparatus that doesn't fully enclose it.  Also, when I put the first case on my new phone, it actually scuffed up the corners.  This phone is soooooo delicate, I must reiterate.2. Some of the touch buttons on the phone have an incredible delay.  When I push to answer a phone call, it takes at least 3 seconds for the call to pick up.  When my alarm goes off, I literally have to push the screen three or four times before it will respond.  I should also add that the phone doesn't hang up right away when you push the end button.  Sometimes it takes 3 seconds or so, giving me ample time to curse at the lag of my phone while I am still leaving my mother a voicemail.3. My alarms go off when I have the phone on SILENT.  This is just ridiculous in my opinion and it was especially inconvenient when I figured it out as my alarm went off in the middle of my class, and it took me several seconds to press the dismiss button.  Also, alarms I have set randomly turn off on me, which is incredibly inconvenient.4. Battery life is abysmal at best.  If I don't charge my phone every night, it WILL die.  I don't even make a lot of phone calls either and I only use the internet/navigation when absolutely necessary, so this applies even with minimal use of the phone.  And one thing I hate the most about this phone is this: say your battery is going low.  Most people turn their phones off to preserve batter life, right?  I do this with the Pre and my battery life goes DOWN even more.  I have never had a phone that does this and it really just pisses me off.So basically, this is a phone with a great concept and a horrible design.  If you are patient and graceful and capable of never dropping your phone, then maybe this phone would be great for you; just keep it in some sort of leather case.  Multitasking really is top-notch and if you choose to buy this phone, then this should be the reason you buy it.  Overall this phone has served its purpose, but I would much rather have something more reliable.Oh and the touchstone charger is a joke (or mine was at least).  It's supposed to be convenient; just drop and go... but I swear I had to stand there for a least 30 seconds moving it to a position where it would actually charge.  It's so inconvenient, I just plug my phone in now.

had a Blackberry for work, and a Sanyo 8400 for personal use. I was tired of carrying two devices and could not use the Blackberry for personal calls. I bought the Pre the first day it was released and haven't needed the Blackberry since. The Pre handles my work (Exchange EAS) and all personal email accounts.The Web browser is fantastic. In October the Pre will be one of the few smart phones with Adobe Flash support.The Web OS makes it easy to develop apps. Many users are creating "Home Brew" apps that can be downloaded at Pre Central [...]Turn by turn navigation is included with an everything data plan. Other carriers charge extra for this service.Text messages are treated as coversations, each person you are texting is a separate session and you can see your entire conversation. You can use the touch screen to switch between different contacts. The Pre's slide out QWERTY keyboard makes typing easy and convenient.Ergonomically the phone is well designed. It sits very comfortably in your hand. The touchscreen and gestures are intuitive. The screen is bright, sharp, and clear.The only negative is that the phone is fragile. Get a nice case and screen protector. I like the Phantom Skinz screen protector.The bottom line is that this phone does all of things I need a phone for extremely well- email, texting, web browsing, and navigation. The Web OS makes the apps and possibilities endless.

I love this phone. Do not listen to people who have not used this phone. Go to a store and check it out yourself... the webOS running this phone is very nice and functional. Play with it and then decide before blindly following the herd and paying for an iPhone.

The Palm Pre is a great alternative if you don't want AT&T; with an iPhone. It's smaller, multitasks (up to 4 open programs at a time for me) and has a beautiful screen.The Great:- Palm WebOS is very slick, easy to use and responsive to gestures- Small for factor- Beautiful and bright screen- Pushes multiple email accounts as they arrive- Pandora Radio app- 8GB of built in RAM for photos, music etc- Did I mention multitasking?- App Store (but very limited as of writing)- Free turn by turn app- Physical keyboard for those who like to 'feel' buttons.- 3MP Camera (with decent quality, it's no DSLR)- Sprint's Family Unlimited Data only costs $129 for two phones!(Plus unlimited mobile-mobile)The Not-So-Great (and why 4/5 stars)- Battery life. 7 calls and medium-heavy wifi usage drained battery within 6 hours.- Keyboard is small and you have to keep rotating the screen to use it (if you view horizontally)- Slippery! It looks beautiful but it is easy for this thing to slip right out of your hands if you aren't careful.- Build Quality could be better. (top is loose when slid open)That said Sprint has really upped their game with price and customer service. We had one phone have the dreaded "shut down when closing the lid" problem and they sent us a replacement next day air without any cost to us.This really is the best phone I've ever owned and it allows me to be out of my office but still connected to everything I need to run my day-to-day operations. Highly recommended.

I'm done.  I had a Treo 300.  Then bought a 600 the day it came out.  Then a 650.  Then a 755p.  After the 755p, I said I was done.  Then, I saw the Pre, and thought that I'd give them one more chance.  Well I'm really done this time.  The Pre is too slow to be functional.  I've got 1.3.1 right now, and it would take me 30 seconds to go forward 8 days in the Calendar.  This is CRAZY.  They went backwards.  My Treo 300 calendar app was faster than this.  Same thing for the phone app.I'm done.  Probably going to try a Droid.  This thing has potential, but it's been nearly 6 months, and the lag time is too poor for this device to be used reliably on a daily basis.  I'll have 2 apps open and it will tell me to close and app to free up space.Build quality is horrible.  I'm done.D.C.

I have had the Palm Pre since it launched summer 2009.  I have played around with it quite a bit and have just loved it.  I use email and texting quite a bit and this phone rocks - a real keyboard helps a lot with this; I could never get good at the iPhone's on-screen keyboard.  Email is great in that the phone literally sucks and updates all of your multiple email accounts together onto one nice application (yahoo, gmail, hotmail, and probably aol, corporate email accounts, outlook.) WebOS is probably the best open source platform for smart phones today.  There are literally thousands of developers working on great programs; only &lt;40 current "official" programs, but a lot of "homebrew" apps already.  Nice NFL and MLB and Nascar applications built in.  I've heard the hardware and WebOS together are so powerful and versatile, it's basically like have a Linux based server in your hands (if you wanted to.)  The camera is ok - 3mp, and no video (yet.  Hopefully, a software application could turn it into a video recorder as well.)  Built in GPS works well.  Lots of potential uses - can use the GPS + camera to "geotag" your photos and slap them up on facebook or flickr, etc.  Calender application can sometimes be slow, but it's great to have my calender, my wife's calender and my friends' calenders synchronized together using google calenders.  WiFi built in is a no-brainer, and works like it should.  I've been a long time PalmOS user and Palm fan, but have been disappointed with the products up until now.  You can still use all of the old Palm OS programs, after buying the emulator, about $30 or so.  The Palm Pre is well thought out and feels great ergo dynamically.  In my opinion, the Palm Pre is more like the best features of the iphone, google phones, and blackberries crammed into one smart and evolved phone.  It does have it's flaws, but the Palm people seem to continuously update the software (automatically) that a lot of bugs have disappeared and new functions that are pretty cool keep showing up.As for Sprint (only available on Sprint currently), the service has been great.  Also, a LOT cheaper than ATT.  Make sure you get an unlimited data plan - it's worth it.  Once the other phone companies offer this phone, I wouldn't be surprised if the Palm Pre really dominates the market.

I've had my palm pre bout 6 months now i feel i can give a decent review, first impressions i loved it it looked great felt great and worked great but it went down hill over time, first thing that started to happen was i received a "too many cards" error, i had 0 cards open something was bogging down its ram i still am not sure what was doing it. Whatever the mechanism that allows it to slide open and closed started to become more and more difficult and now wont close all the way sometimes. it overall is an ok smart phone if the price was lower id say go for it but wait a bit till its cheaper or go with the pixi but the pre not worth the extra cash

As a replacement for a TREO, it lousy especially if you used your TREO in business and liked to synch your calendar and contacts with one or more PC's.The Pre does not use old PALM method but rather wants you to synch via the internet using Google.  The Google app is free and you get what you pay for.  You can only sync a limited amount of data points.  Forget it if you have a big contact data base with multiple listing per entry.  (My understanding is that the Pre is no worse then other smartphones on this issue.)I spent close to 20 hours with Pre support - no go.  Ultimately, I found my way to CompanionLink which Palm contracted with to develop a 3rd party sync app.  Great - you now get to pay an extra $50 for what your old TREO did perfectly.  And perfect CompanionLink is not.  They are on a 2nd round of trouble shooting sync failures with my Pre as I write this missive.  It major problem when only some of your calendar entries sync.Oh - no video yet either but allegedly the phone has the capacity.  Why? Who knows, the TREO had a fine video capacity.Other then that, the Pre has been excellent.  The camera is solid, the internet navigable, the screen is excellent and the keyboard lovely.Bottom-line, the Pre was effectively released with beta software.  When the software catches up to the Pre's technically ability, the Pre will be worthy smart phone and a much higher star rating from me

HORRIBLE, AWFUL, TERRIBLE, DISGUSTING, EPITOME OF BAD, SUCKS. All of these words combined would still not be fitting of the Palm Pre. This phone by far is the worst I have ever had. The brick phone I had back in the day was better. This thing is a piece of junk. I have had to replace it twice and it still doesnt work. I have called SPRINT and PALM/HP and received no assistance from either. This product is the worst. If you prayed to your God (whomever it is) for the worst, "Please god send me the worst". They would send you the PALM PRE.

I will not waste your time by extolling the virtues (of which there are many) and faults (again, many) of this phone. Simply put, this phone exceeds all others in ONE way...Palm has given me upgrades consistently and reliably. Compare the first year (which is not over yet) to the first 3 years of Apple...no comparison! You had to buy a new device to get all the updates I have gotten...and Palm is NOT DONE YET! Still getting more!What can I say...walk on the bleeding edge, expect some cuts! But you can also expect a wild ride! For a first generation phone this thing is the best and it's only getting better!

I tend to be an early adopter of mobile technology, especially devices intended to maximize productivity.  I have used an iPhone, HTC Touch, various other Palm devices (all the way to the original Palm Pilot), and I must say that this it, without question, the greatest device I have ever owned.  I purchased my Pre in July 2009, so I have considerable experience with day-to-day use.  My observations as a long-term user are listed below:PROS:Multi-tasking.  Simply put, this is the absolute JEWEL in the crown of Palm's WebOS operating system.  Multiple apps open at one time.  'Nuff said.  No opening a menu, searching for the app you want, and then selecting it (hi Blackberry and WinMo), or being forced to close an app to open another (hi iPhone).  They all just sit there...waiting for you to come back.  Makes me happy.Interface.  After booting up the phone for the first time, you are walked through a tutorial on the various "gestures" used to navigate through the operating system, open/close apps, etc.  In about 5 minutes, you'll be trucking along full speed.  The phone is EASILY the most intuitive mobile device I've ever used.  There is NOT a steep learning curve (Hello Android!), and the phone does so much so easily, that you can have your calendar, e-mail, tasks, and other productivity options set up in about 10 minutes.  I cannot say enough about the ease of the phone's interface.  So easy, so friendly, and you'll find yourself opening up apps, just to turn immediately around and close them by "flicking" them up off the screen. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE who has played with my phone and used the interface have found it to be the smoothest, coolest thing they've ever seen.Synergy.  This feature incorporates all of your social networking sites, calendars, e-mail accounts, etc. into ONE view.  There is no accessing separate windows, using separate logins, etc. to retrieve your information.  WebOS simply goes out to the cloud periodically (the frequency of which you can set as an option) and updates everything automatically.  It even pulls in Facebook profile information into your contact list, and when your friends call you, you see their profile pic onscreen.  They change it, your phone updates it.  AWESOME.Form factor.  The Pre feels great in the hand.  It feels like a small rock you would find in a creek...rounded and smooth.  Personally, I find the iPhone (and especially the Droid) to be clunky slabs of plastic.  The keyboard, while containing small buttons that appear to be TOO tiny, actually works quite well.  I find that I make very few mistakes typing.  I made FAR more errors when using the virtual onscreen keyboard on the iPhone and my HTC Touch.Touchstone.  YOU MUST BUY THIS ACCESSORY.  In my opinion, the Touchstone is the single greatest wireless phone accessory ever created.  Better than hi-end headphones, latex cases, bluetooth headsets, etc.  $40-50 might sound a bit steep for a charger, but believe me, it is not.  Pick one up, try it for a week.  If you don't find it to be better than grandma's fresh sliced bread, take it back for refund.  Trust me though...you won't.  I want to buy another for work, and will soon.Camera.  Containing a 3 megapixel digital camera, the Pre takes surprisingly good photos.  The LED flash is blindingly bright too.  Photos can be uploaded to your social networking sites, e-mailed, etc. all from the photo roll application.  Cool.  They've also recently added video capture and editing capability, with instant upload to Youtube or as media attachments to e-mail.CONS:Multi-tasking.  Yes, I know I listed this as a "pro" above, but let me explain.  On Sprint, the Pre currently only has 8gb of memory (as of 3/24/10).  With all that the phone does, much of this memory is being used in the background while the phone quietly goes about it's multitasking duties.  Sometimes, I find that I run out of memory with little to no applications open.  This is due to memory management issues with applications available from the App Catalog.  The new Pre Plus has 16gb of memory, more than enough to combat this problem.  As soon as the upgraded version is available on Sprint, I'll be upgrading.  The differences in memory are huge.  On my Sprint Pre, I can open about a dozen applications before I get a critical memory alert.  My brother, who recently picked up the Pre Plus with Verizon can open about FIFTY.Battery life.  No bones about it, the Pre is hard on batteries, BUT SO IS EVERY OTHER SMARTPHONE.  If you want a phone that will hold a charge for three days, stay away from smartphones in general, and certainly the Pre.  This phone does a lot in the background, and that takes power.  There are several adjustments you can make to conserve battery life (e.g. change the settings for the frequency for how often the phone goes to the cloud to update your e-mails, etc. from 15 minutes to 60 minutes, or longer).  I get through a day of moderate use with no problems and come home from work with 30-40% of battery life left, and that's if I don't charge it at all during the day.  The great part is, you can pick up an extra battery for about $40 to swap if you get low.  Run out of power on your iPhone?  You're boned.SUMMARY:So really, the battery life and lack of memory on the current Sprint model are the only gripes I have with this phone.  We have two Pres in my household and we love them both.  There are a number of folks who report hardware problems, cracked screens, etc.  My phone has been trucking along just fine since July, no issues requiring a swap, repair or the like.  I've had a few wierd things happen here and there, such as system volumes getting quiet, but these occur far less frequently than I saw with my WinMo phone, and are quickly resolved with a reboot.  My daughter has had her Pre since December, and it's been bulletproof so far.  In all, the only limitations I have with this phone is with the hardware itself (insufficienct memory).  The operating system WebOS is absolutely FANTASTIC and blows away anything else available on the market today.  Sadly, this phone has been largely overlooked (despite winning awards) due to the marketing machines at Apple and Google.  Palm is truly the underdog in the fight, but in my opinion, they have the best product.  Those Droid commercials that state "Does your phone?....Droid does", well...the Pre does all those things too, only without all the fuss and in a much more intuitive interface.Love my Pre!  :-P

Plain and simple - the Palm Pre is the best smartphone I have ever owned.  The physical keyboard is the right size for me (and I'm a guy).  The multi-touch screen which flips when rotated is crisp and clear.  Synergy - the ability to bring Facebook contacts, Exchange contacts, Gmail contacts is second to none.  Synergy doesn't stop there - you can easily bring email and all your calendars as well right into the palm of your hand.  The multi-tasking card concept is great for easily switching between Apps.  The device with its smooth rounded edges easily slides in/out of your pocket.  Two reasons I didn't go with iPhone - no keyboard and it is too big to easily slide in/out of my pocket (but Apple set the bar no doubt).

The Palm Pre is a great phone.  However; the poor battery life makes it hard to recommend.  If your thinking of purchasing consider that you may likely add the price of buying a touch stone and a car charger.

Pros:- The camera rocks! only phone with LED flash and 3MP camera.- Way faster than an HTC Windows Mobile Phone- Browser rocks, comparable to iPhone- Screen size comparable to an iPhone- Decent storage capacity- Sprint offers a better service (in terms of network coverage and price) than ATT- More open than iPhone, works like an ordinary USB drive in your computer. Works with any operating system, etc.Cons:- Battery life is short, lasts about one day.- No expansion slots- Fewer apps than iPhoneStill I prefer it over the iPhone/ATT package.

I normally don't buy first generation products.  I like others to make the investment, play with it for awhile, and then let me know if it's worth the money.  Thsi time around I needed a new phone and the Pre was just being released, so I went for it.  At first I loved it, but I soon realized that I hate this phone!I'd had it less than a month when I encountered the first glitch.  Just an hour or two after removing the phone from the charger, I went to use the phone and it was dead, Dead, DEAD!  It was so dead that it would not acknowledge the charger when I plugged it back in.  I thought the phone was completely dead until I took it to the Sprint store and the got it working for me.  It has done this several times since.  Sometimes it requires removing the battery for a few minutes to get it working again; but when I do that I have to recharge it.  Of course, during that time, I am without a phone - sometimes and hour or two at a time.I am also on my second bout with no internet service.  I previously went a month without the ability to receive email or access the internet.  It was over the holidays last year and it took me awhile to get to the point that I was going to send the stupid thing and when it started working again.  Just a couple of days ago, I lost internet service again.  This time I won't wait so long to send it back in.The keyboard is tight and difficult to use.  I am woman and I struggle with it, so I don't see how a man with larger hands could use the keyboard effectively.  The camera on this phone also leaves a lot to be desired.  It really seems to be an oversight and the photo quality is very lacking.  If the developers are going to go, they should go all the way!  And the little piece that fits over the charging port is already broken off.  The phone seems very delicate, but the accessories available to protect make using it even more difficult.Then there is the issue with the aps.  There are no good ones for the Pre.  Palm has done a terrible job at getting good and useful aps developed for this phone.  There was one that I used quite regularly - City Mobile - to find things I needed while traveling for work, but that hasn't worked in weeks now.This phone is unreliable and has too many quirks at this point.  Maybe the Plus is better, but my experience has left me no desire to find out.  I cannot get back to a Blackberry fast enough!

The Palm Pre is my first smartphone, and I have to say I am very impressed.Let me also say that I have an iPod touch, which I liked, and I was considering an iPhone. But when I saw the Palm Pre I had to go to the Sprint store and check it out.I will simply highlight the 2 best features of this phone:1. MultitaskingAs a lot of people on here are saying, the multitasking is the best feature of this phone. Period. You can open multiple apps at once, when you want to switch you just push the center button which brings you into "card view". In card view, you have a small "card" screen of each app, and you can cycle through each of them (similar to how you cycle through web pages when browsing on the iPhone or iPod touch). Tap the app you want to use, and it brings it back to full screen, The multitasking alone is enough reason for me to have purchased this phone, but that's not the only reason I got it...this brings me to my 2nd favorite feature.2. NotificationsThe notifications for the Pre have been described as 'unobtrusive', and there is no OTHER way to describe them better. When you receive a notification (text, email, alarm, voicemail, anything basically), a small bar pops up at the bottom of the screen, giving you a brief preview (ie the subject of the email, first line of a text message etc). However, it doesn't interrupt what you are currently doing, whether that is browsing the web or playing a game or talking on the phone or texting someone else or whatever. If you tap the notification, the phone will take you to the item. If you ignore it, after about 5 seconds the notification will be reduced to a small icon at the bottom of your screen. At any time you can tap the icon and bring up the bar at the bottom with the preview of the item. It does all this without interrupting whatever you are doing at the moment.I have a real life example of using the handy multitasking and notifications just today. I set a countdown timer (its an app) on my phone so I would make sure to clock back in from my lunch break in time. While I was on my break, my wife texted me. I tapped the notification immediately, which opened the message. She was asking me for a mutual friends phone number. I hit my center button, went to the menu and pulled up our mutual friends contact card, tapped the center button again, flipped over to messaging and typed the number in and sent her the message. When I tapped my center button again, I had 3 apps open which I could easily switch between: Countdown timer, messaging and contact card. To close apps, its pretty cool and fun...you just go into card view and swipe the apps card up toward the top of the screen.I could go on and on, but these 2 reasons alone are enough to purchase the phone. It also shoots and edits video which you can upload straight to youtube or facebook. This is a great phone and worth more than they are asking for it.Also, I am saving a lot of money on Sprint.

I bought a Palm Pre from Sprint, and returned it a little more than a week later.I really wanted to like the Pre.  The user interface is absolutely fantastic.  WebOS might be the best mobile phone operating system on the market right now.  Everything is so intuitive, and while other operating systems (BB, WM, Android) can multitask, its nowhere near as efficient.  Synergy is a great idea, and I love the combined messaging app.  Web browsing is very snappy, the browser feels quicker than the iPhone or the G1 (other webkit browsers).  The app store is starting to grow, and the homebrew app community has some great options.  However, the Pre has some very disappointing downsides to its hardware, especially its battery life.I realize all smartphones have poor battery life.  I've owned quite a few smartphones, so I know from experience.  However, the Pre takes it to a whole new level.  Hardly touching the phone, and doing nothing but run Exchange and gmail, the Pre was completely dead in an average of 7.5 hours after being taken off the charger.  Imagine that!  A smartphone that can't do the sole task of receiving email, for a full work day!  Its just unacceptable.  The one day I used the phone moderately heavily (some GPS navigation and camera usage) it only lasted 5 hours.  This was the biggest reason I returned the phone.  I realize I could lower the frequency of polling for email, turn down the brightness, get a bigger battery, etc, but I shouldn't have to.  I don't make concessions with other phones.There are some minor other gripes with the hardware, but I didn't consider them deal breakers.  The keyboard is a bit cramped.  The phone feels like somewhat cheap construction - the slide mechanism twists side-to-sideslightly, when typing (especially with one hand) you can feel the back of the phone creaking a bit.  There is no external notification LED/blinker for messages/emails/missed calls.All in all, the Pre has some great hardware - and if you don't mind charging your phone multiple times, or don't care to check your email frequently, it might be the phone for you.  Didn't cut it for me, personally.  Maybe the next one will be better.

This phone does so many things that the iphone just can't match.-Multitasking. For example, you can flip between google maps, email, and text messages without closing them. Someone texts you while your following GPS directions? Minimize the GPS, text your bud where you going, and flip back to the GPS-instantly.-Turn by Turn GPS directions comes free with the sprint service.-Automatically syncs with all your facebook and gmail contacts. Every time I get a text or phone call, I get a caller ID picture from their facebook account. Pretty slick!-A keyboard!-Feels nicer and smaller in the hand, actually sits nicely in a pocket.-The phone just keeps getting better and better with every update. Longer battery, better copy and paste, more applications etc.-Data is automatically backed up every day in case you break your phone or lose it.-If you have a Gcal, it automatically syncs your phone to you calendar.-The music player is really great. Simple and easy to use. Putting itunes playlists onto the phone is simple using a program called Double Twist-which is actually easier and better than syncing with itunes in the first place.-The sprint service is so much less than a comparable iphone plan on AT&T.;-An original product, be ahead of the curve! Everyone buys an Iphone because they don't know how good this phone really is. Everyone just assumes the iphone is the pinnacle of smart phones. Compared side by side with an iphone the features of the Pre just blow it away.-The universal search is great. I can simply open the keyboard and type whatever i'm looking for...if it's a person it will show me the contact in my phone. If i type in "In n out burger" I can instantly select to google search it or wikipedia it.-The browser is great.-A flurry of applications is about to come-however there are already many to choose from-weather forecasts, purchasing movie tickets, games, pandora internet radio.Check it out firsthand, I'd be very surprised if you turn it down.

Got this phone after my Palm Centro got stolen. I've been a loyal Palm user for 12+ years.I'll mention first that this is really an excellent phone and is a huge leap forward for Palm.Since its other positive qualities are well covered in other reviews - and I agree with them completely - I thought it would be helpful to point out some limitations, because they are not well covered elsewhere. So if you choose to get this, you know what you are getting yourself into.If you think this information isn't helpful, fine, mark it as unhelpful. Don't do it just because you are a fanboi and I'm giving a negative review of your favorite new toy. If you disagree, feel free to leave a comment.1. mentioned elsewhere, but well worth mentioning again. The battery life is abysmal. You absolutely must charge it every night, that's not optional. That in itself is not a problem, you should expect to have to do that with most any smartphone. The problem here is that it won't even last from morning to night under any decent amount of use. To make the phone last from morning to evening you have to have all non-cell radios turned off (WiFi and Bluetooth), and close apps when you aren't using them. This phone has the marvelous capacity to run Pandora application, but it you do - while driving to work, say, - your battery will die in the evening. I have to leave bluetooth on if I want to use a speakerphone or an earphone. I can't be going to change the settings while my phone is ringing. So to remedy this problem you would need to get the Seidio double capacity battery for about $60. If you expect to use the phone for tethering (homebrew only), you definitely will need this.2. Phone is a serious fingerprint magnet and scratches waaay too easily. The included pocket does protect it nicely, but you need to use two hands or one hand and your teeth to extract the phone from it. Meanwhile it's still ringing. You really need to get at the very least a screen protector, and preferably a full phone protector. Else next time you put it in your pocket with change or keys in it, your phone is ruined.3. The speaker volume is low. Loud enough if you are in a quiet room, but if you are outside or in a car, and want to use the GPS (more on that later) you can barely hear it. And I am not hard of hearing.4. GPS. There are 2 problems with the GPS. It failed for me on a few subsequent attempts to get a GPS signal, telling me I should go into an area where I can see the sky - and I was out in a parking lot! No trees, and clear visibility through the windshield. In fact, I could not get GPS signal while riding in a convertible with the top down. The software still tries to pinpoint your location using cell tower triangulation, but that wasn't enough precision. That *might* have been just my phone - very weak GPS signal. The second problem with it is that you have to be within cell network coverage to use the GPS. No cell coverage, no GPS, sorry. To be fair, TeleNav software is quite good. It pronounces street names accurately and it also tells you how long you're on this road. It's very convenient to not have to pull out and plug in your standalone GPS or remember to bring it from car to car, when you have this on the phone, and as people have mentioned, it's no extra charge. Just please keep in mind you will not be able to use it 'off the reservation' - any area with no cell coverage. The GPS maps are not preloaded on the phone, they are continually being downloaded over the 3g data network. For that you do need a standalone GPS unit or GPS software and maps loaded on your phone, like TomTom for PDA.5. No sanctioned tethering. While Sprint requires you to upgrade your plan (grrr... more money, fewer features) you no longer have the right to use your phone as a mobile internet access point, unless you use a homebrew solution (search the web). That means they could disable it any time they want. And it will - once again - kill you battery if you do.6. Music app is not good. My previous Palm phone, the Centro, came with a pTunes application. This one does not. Palm really should have gotten pTunes on board. The included music app lacks certain necessary features: 1- no browsing by folder. You have to browse by the ID3 tags of your music files - artist, genre, etc. Which means if you listen to podcasts, as I do, you have no way of, say, playing all of 'NPR Technology'. You either have to play all of NPR or all of 'spoken word' genre or whatever artificial descriptor your content producer decided to put into the ID3 tags. In disregarding the directory structure of where the content is stored on the phone, the whatever product manager at Palm decided to do that, made a huge mistake. Second, there's no way to download podcasts from within the music app - or any other app. Bummer. The phone comes with an internet connection, why not use it?7. The tasks app is not as good as the old Palm's. While the screen is bigger, it also uses much larger fonts. Easier to read, but you can only see 6 or 7 tasks on the screen, and there's no way to reduce font size so you can see more of them.8. Launcher application which organizes your icons only has 3 pages of apps, with no way to add more. People complain about the iPhone only having 10 screens of apps. So as you install new apps, they all get added to your 3 existing pages. And they become looong. No way to say this one's for games, this one for office apps, etc. There's no way to delete some pre-installed apps that take up screen space and memory which you may not be interested in keeping - like NFL, NASCAR, and some other stuff.9. Phone plan. This is more of a Sprint issue, not Palm, but this is a Sprint Palm phone, so I will mention it. I had a perfectly good plan, with unlimited data and text, but Sprint made me switch to their more expensive plan in order to allow me to get this phone. To be fair to Sprint, once I switched back to a Centro, they reinstituted the plan I had before, even though it has been discontinued. Their customer service these days is top notch. If you are looking for a better plan,[...]10. Phone boxy is a little rickety. The two halves of the phone that slide against each other feel flimsy - slide sideways a little, and don't lie completely flush. Not terrible, but doesn't feel solid.In summary, I definitely think Palm has something here - it has a LOT of potential, but in my opinion this is still under-baked.I'm taking this one back and buying a used Palm Centro, then waiting for Android which according to Sprint CEO should be coming around October 11 this year (HTC Hero). Sorry Palm. It's been a great 12 years.

Really good OS especially with the last 1.4 update, their is no other phone out their that can have about 50 apps open at once

I'm not even going to try to outdo Dr. Dan's review, it's epic and a must read.  Still perhaps my review provides some perspective.First, let me give some background so you know where I am coming from.  I am usually an early adopter of technology, but resisted moving to a smart phone for a long time mostly due to the costs associated with the contracts and working from home I have less of a need.  With a discount from Sprint we were paying just $50 for 2 lines so considering a move to smart phones with data on Sprint or a full (over)priced plan from ATT or other provider was difficult, especially since ATT 3G is not available where I live.So what convinced me?Price - The phone was a reasonable price and Sprint has some of the lowest plans around and most people can get a discount through employer reference or industry on top of it.Multi-tasking - the real kind, swapping between open text, phone calls, web, applications, copy/paste between them etc is awesome.  See Dr. Dan's review for detailed real life examples.Synergy - ALL my google calendars are pulled in and synced (I or my wife can access from phones, any PC, etc).  ALL my contacts from Linked In, Facebook, Google Contacts, etc are automatically pulled and and grouped.  Awesome.A real keyboard - I have large fingers and like you touch type so having a real keyboard was excellent (although a patch exists to add on screen keyboard)Modifications - the ease at which you can create your own apps, add homebrew, add patches, connect to PC, etc is a huge plusIt's not an iphone - I don't mind not being the 'cool kid' and can decide for myself.  The iphone is a good phone, but missing the features I mentioned.  Yes 'there is an app for that', but the fact is most apps are crap.  The Pre's browser handles websites so well and you can add an icon to the launcher so in many cases it's almost as good or better than an app.  Yes, some key apps are missing, but the catalog is growing.  I also don't need to pay for overpriced accessories or use that horrible iTunes app.  I'm also not stuck with ATT.

Bought this phone although I knew Verizon has the Pre+, doesn't seem to make a lot of a difference (A friend has the Plus) in terms of daily usage. The Plus has extra RAM which is useful (can open more simultaneous cards).I am enjoying it very much: the multitasking is a great feature- find myself using it a lot. Universal search works great- can find anything on the web or the phone very fast. Also makes using the phone very easy: just type a name to call/text/IM someone.The frequent software updates are great, new capabilities are added almost every month. Works great without needing a lot of tweaking and handling (configures mail accounts quickly and automatically, connects to Enterprise wireless with no extra configuration).Homebrew is amazing, check it out on PreCentral.Last but NOT least- buy a touchstone. Really. You won't believe how useful and easy it is. I almost did not buy one, but after using it- I can never go back to a regular cable charger.

Two weeks ago I purchased the Palm Pre at a [...].  Once I got home I started playing with this device.  The phone felt like it was meant for a five year old.  I slid it open and tried to use the miniature keyboard.  Terrible design for such a high tech device.  The touch screen is pretty kool but not for me. The camera and HDfeatures where fantastic.  Yet the phone did not feel durable enough for me.  I immediately went and exchanged the phone for the Blackberry Tour 9630.  Let me tell you the blackberry is more user friendly.  It also has the HD capabilities and live TV,NFL Network.  It also has the 3.2 megapixel camera.  I am a police officer and most of my friends have the Blackberry curve. We are very hard on our cell phones. I highly recommend an "OtterBox" cell phone case to protect your device. The palm pre is for people that have a desk job or a student. Definately not for demanding occupations such as Police Swat,Firefighters or specialized units in our armed forces.

Very simply there are much better 3d phones. I had the Blackberry Storm and I was not really happy with it, I gave it up for the Pre and I am regreting it. The Black Berry is a far better built phone and the features are easier to use. The touch screan response is so bad that if I were ever attacked and needed to call the police I would be better off throwing the phone at the attacker. The screen lock is a joke and if you like calling friends you will be doing it regularly but only they will know. I joke because it is all I can do as Sprint does not offer trade ins on the junk they sell.

The Palm Pre is a fantastic phone that continues to impress and grow on me with every passing day. It's a great combination - very good phone, excellent calender and contact organizer, super web browsing experience, and very nice multimedia player (as well as really good camera and video recorder).While I've seen reviews talking about issues with the hardware, I have a launch day Pre and the hardware is solid. The sliding mechanism has never been problematic, and the screen is beautiful. I purchased and put on a plastic stick-on shield layer which has prevented any scratches. The keyboard takes a few days to get used to, but is very good.The operating system WebOS is really functional and easy to use. Flipping through open applications as "cards" is really intuitive and makes total sense. When I have an email, txt or notification, the phone has a flashing notification light. Having said all these things, I think the future is what is most exciting about this phone and operating system, as the OS is only in it's first generation (1.4 at time of this writing) and have to be sure that 2.0 and beyond will hold major improvements in both performance and features.Anyway, the Palm Pre deserves serious consideration by anyone looking for a full feature smartphone. ESPECIALLY given the recent price drops. This thing is a total steal for the money. Give it a try!My only regret is that on Sprint at the moment, there isn't the amazing mobile hotspot feature that is offered on Verizon. As well, tethering isn't functional at the moment.

Once upon a time, I was a major iPhone fan. Like many others, I had grown tired of ho-hum smartphones and wanted something new and fresh. Initially, I loved my iPhone. There was simply nothing like it, with its beautiful touchscreen interface and great packaging.  Best of all, I'd been assimilated into a fun "iPhone culture." Yeah, I guess in a way I'd even look down my nose at others who did not own one. ;pBut as time went by, my happy relationship began to sour. Don't get me wrong... as a MEDIA device, it was beyond compare. It STILL IS. But as a PRODUCTIVITY device, it STUNK:  the virtual keyboard drove me bananas, the calendar was hardly usable for my purposes, and the constant dropped calls in south Florida were infuriating. As the months dragged on, I began to resent my phone and despise AT&T.; There was a glimmer of hope when the Apple's App Store made its debut, but instead of productivity apps I needed, it was flooded with junk with no easy way to sift through all the noise to find the quality apps. Though I must admit I was DEFINITELY addicted to a game or two!  ;)I wanted a phone that could serve me well as both a PRODUCTIVITY and PERSONAL device.  So when the Palm Pre came out, I took a deep breath and signed on with Sprint to get one on launch day (June 6th).Put simply? ..............I.LOVE.THIS.PHONE.When writing this review I made the assumption that you, the reader, already knows the Palm Pre's features. What I did was just jot down my real-world experiences with the Pre to illustrate how freaking AMAZING it is...IT AIN'T PERFECT, THOUGH!  I'll definitely address those issues (caution, I'm pretty blunt).------------------------- FIRST, THE THINGS I LOVE -------------------------1) MULTITASKING:When I read about multi-tasking on the Palm Pre, it looked cool.  When I played with the mult-tasking feature in the Sprint store, I thought it was really cool.  But when I LIVED with multi-tasking, I realized I would never own another phone that doesn't do this.  It doesn't always work perfectly... sometimes there are issues with lag but once you learn which apps are resource hogs you get the hang of how to operate with it.Here's some real-world examples of how I use multitasking..."Day-to-day"I consistently have email, texting, Twitter, phone, and Epocrates (medical app) open at all times while I'm working. No need to search for buttons or menus. Just flick and I'm there."The Drive"A while back my boss drove me down to New Orleans. I SIMULTANEOUSLY............- Ran turn-by-turn navigation with spoken street names (thru car speakers)- Ran Pandora (also thru car speakers)- Sent MMS messages to my folks- Tracked my wife's flight to Puerto Rico in real-time, using FlightView- Viewed a PowerPoint presentation- Sent that powerpoint presentation via email to a colleague"Ordering Pizza and a Movie"Just the other day my wife called me from the road to ask where she could get a movie rental and pick up a pizza in her area. I SIMULTANEOUSLY..........- Ran my Google maps which found the nearest Blockbuster and pizza place to her,- Ran Flixster and read Rotten Tomato reviews of different movies- Texted my wife back and forth with my recommendations."Email + Messaging"I can have both my email and texting apps open, and copy/paste from one into the other"No Wifi headaches"Here's a big one! I can enable/disable Wi-Fi without leaving the web page I'm on or the email I'm trying to download. Just touch the top of the screen for the menu and I'm done!2)  REAL KEYBOARD:When Steve Jobs told me I'd get used to my virtual keyboard on my iPhone, I believed him...  but after a year and a half of ownership, I came to this realization: nothing beats a real keyboard. I'm 6'3" and 200lbs, and while the Pre's keyboard is small, after a couple weeks I got very quick and accurate on it... MUCH faster than I ever did in all the time on my iPhone.  It's worth mentioning that the a virtual keyboard has already been created for it, adding the convenience of BOTH.  iPhone will always be stuck with just a virtual keyboard.  There's also a homebrew app called "AutoCorrect Edit" that allows you to customize your autocorrect dictionary and make typing shortcuts. Killer.3)  CALENDAR:You can sync multiple calendars to the Pre, and view them all simultaneously if you want... Google, Facebook, Exchange, etc.... they're all there.  In addition to my personal calendar and my wife's calendar, I keep track the schedules of no less than EIGHT physicians in my fellowship program...  all on my phone! Best part is I can view them all together, manage them, and update them from my device and send them to all the fellows and faculty in my program OVER THE AIR.Also, there's calendar app integration... From my phone, I can add a flight directly to my calendar from Flightview. Or a movie I just purchased tickets for. Or dinner reservations I made using Open Table. All without opening my calendar. Easy.  I can't wait until more apps offer this kind of functionality...4)  USB FLASH DRIVE ABILITY!A couple weeks ago, I needed to email some documents and spreadsheets to my boss.  My laptop had an erratic Wifi connection, so I was stuck.  What did I do?  I simply plugged my Pre into my computer via USB, dropped the files onto my phone, and emailed them to by boss using Sprint's network!  Plain, freaking, AWESOME!  This is not mentioned enough in the reviews I've read.Another cool thing:  who needs iTunes?  With drag and drop, you can easily transfer music (with album art!) and videos back and forth on the Pre.  Seriously.  A monkey could do this.5)  AMAZON MP3 MUSIC STORE!Love this place! Almost as much variety as iTunes, which is good enough for me.  You can preview and download all the songs you want! I do wish you could see the duration of songs as well as the full title (for remixes and such), but overall I'm smitten with it.  Not only that, they often feature entire albums for DIRT cheap.  Best of all, UNLIKE iTunes, you can do whatever the heck you like with your music, and it doesn't have to be converted to a proprietary format! Beautiful.(P.S. I realize that music sold on iTunes is now DRM-free, but I still resent the fact that a good number of songs that I BOUGHT are stuck on iTunes unless I "upgrade."  Hogwash.)6)  TOUCHSTONE WIRELESS CHARGER!This is basically a hockey-puck device that you set your Pre onto and it charges it using a magnetic coil... no wires!  This is particularly great at night right before I get into bed: rather than fumbling with wires and the Pre's (I'd like to smack the Palm engineers for that last one), all I do is just set my phone down on the charger. Easy.  And I have a full charge in around 2 hours.  The Touchstone does more than just charge my phone, though...- If the Pre rings while on the charger and I press "TALK", it instantly goes to speakerphone.- If I'm talking on the Pre and then set it down on the Touchstone, it instantly switches to speakerphone.- If I want more privacy and take my phone OFF of the Touchstone during a conversation, it instantly switches speakerphone OFF.  Nice.7)  CAMERA:Outdoor shots are amazing.  Shutter has almost no lag.  Although my iPhone used to take better pictures in low-light conditions, when there's NO light, the Pre has a flash... my iPhone did not.*** UPDATE! 3/1/10... ***With its 1.4 update, the Palm Pre now shoots VIDEO! You can also EDIT the video clip and send it via MMS/email, or even directly post it to Facebook or YouTube!  This function works rather well, and video quality is not bad at all in good lighting conditions. Awesome!  ... So video recording took Palm 8 months, and I didn't even have to buy a new phone.  Compare that to Apple, who released video recording after TWO YEARS, and you had to buy a whole new phone?! Get outta here.8)  NETWORK AND PRICING...  DO YOUR RESEARCH!!!!My wife and I are saving a ton of money with Sprint.  I know coverage varies from city to city, but for me, Sprint's been great.  In my opinion, AT&T; cannot support the deluge of iPhone customers.  They pay a high premium to maintain iPhone exclusivity, and take another hit by heavily subsidizing the iPhone to entice new customers.  Subsequently, improvements to infrastructure move at a slower pace than they should.  Not only that, but iPhone customers have to pay a lot more per month than say, Palm Pre customers on Sprint!  All Sprint plans for the Palm Pre include UNLIMITED data, UNLIMITED texts, and TURN-BY-TURN GPS NAVIGATION!  With AT&T;, you have to pay out the nose for those kinds of goodies. I price matched feature-for-feature with Verizon and I'm saving tons of money with Sprint. Do. Your. Research.9)  HOMEBREW!!!This is certainly one of the best aspects of webOS that I am saving for last. The Palm Pre has an OUTSTANDING homebrewing community.  Best part is, you don't have to be a techie geek to be a part of it.You may have heard of people "hacking" their phones in order to get them to do what they want.  But unlike Apple, where "jailbreaking" is necessary to "hack" their phones, webOS users merely "homebrew" to "patch" their phones.  This isn't just semantics:  unlike Apple's constant Gestapo policies, Palm has chosen to embrace the homebrew community and welcome their innovation.  The result? I can change the way the Pre looks and behaves.  I can make it look just like an iPhone or a Blackberry. I can have homebrew apps like custom AutoCorrect dictionaries for my typos. I can change the appearance of the launcher. I can easily switch my phone radios on and off... the list goes on and on. Currently there are hundreds of homebrew apps and patches, and over a thousand themes.  It's really exciting stuff and really fun to be a part of it.10) GAMING:I never thought I'd enter this as an advantage for the Palm Pre, but it's become very clear that the Pre's hardware is very capable of intense 3D gaming.  Thanks to Palm's Plug-in Development Kit, developers can now port apps from other platforms (like the iPhone) directly to the Pre in a matter of days. Don't believe me?  As of this writing there are over 30 3D games for the Palm Pre. I own six of them (Need For Speed: Undercover, Assasin's Creed, Brothers in Arms, Let's Golf, Asphalt5, Glyder2) and ALL of them have impressed me.  Presently, neither Android or Blackberry can offer games as rich in graphics as seen in the Palm Pre or iPhone.  Now, with the SPRINT Pre, you'll have to pretty much close every other application you have running, because these games are memory hogs.  But in the case of the Pre Plus on VERIZON, you can run 3D games and 50 other apps, if you so desire.  It's crazy.... Why should you care about all this?  Because here we have a device that can now do intense 3D gaming...... AND all of the cool stuff I listed above.  Pretty damn cool.--------------------------- MY MAJOR COMPLAINTS ---------------------------1) BATTERY LIFE.Suuuuucks. No two ways about it. I'm lucky if I'm able to make the day during heavy use or extended periods in areas with bad reception.  Luckily, the battery is REMOVABLE, and extended-life batteries are available. If your battery ever dies, you have the option of slapping in a spare...  this is actually a WONDERFUL feature...  I just wish the stock battery was better.****** UPDATE (3/1/10) ******Since the Pre was updated to 1.4, battery life has improved somewhat. I can now get through an entire day of moderate to heavy use on a single charge.  Keeping things in perspective:  my wife (nowhere near as heavy a user), used to get through the entire day on a single charge BEFORE the update.2)  LAG.Here's what I don't get:  the Pre has the same processor speed as the iPhone 3GS, yet there are times I want to throw my Pre against the wall. Don't get me wrong... the Pre is usually quick and multitasking makes this less of an issue. But sometimes?  The times it takes for my Pre to "think" and process my commands are unacceptable.  Palm has made inroads on this:  with the latest update, the calendar speed is much, much improved and I am now satisfied with it.  And soon, Palm will give us an update which will directly access the Pre's Graphics Processing Unit (GPU), which will mean much faster scrolling and graphics rendering in browsers and games.  Still, I'm left wanting faster performance overall.*** UPDATE! 3-10 ***Palm's made significant progress in this area with their latest 1.4 update.  Now all Palm has to do is enable that GPU, and we'll be very close to getting iPhone-like speeds.  Lag is almost a "minor" complaint now, though it could still be faster.*** UPDATE! 4-10 ***A homebrew patch has been released that allows you to overclock the Pre's processor.  What this means is you can run the phone faster than it was designed.  Theoretically, there's a risk of wearing your processor out faster.  Battery life also takes a hit while the device is in use.  But, the added performance has been well worth it and my battery life has been the exact same while on standby. It was incredibly easy patch to do and I did it in five minutes.  I recommend it to pretty much everyone!  If you need help look me up on Twitter (@vara411).3)  8 GB OF MEMORY, NON-EXPANDABLE.This has been less of an issue than I anticipated, but with the new 3D games and video recording, I anticipate my memory requirements will go up.  Despite all the apps and videos of my baby daughter, I still have 4GB free.  Not too bad.  Fortunately, the USB drag/drop function on the device makes clearing space so easy.  It's worth noting that the Palm Pre Plus has DOUBLE the internal storage (16gb, non-expandable) and double the RAM.  If memory is more of an issue for you, then the Pre Plus is definitely worth a look.-------------------------- MY MINOR COMPLAINTS ---------------------------1) NO VISUAL VOICEMAIL... YET.  C'mon Palm and Sprint. Update this!2) NOBODY KNOWS WHAT THE HELL A PRE IS... YET. Thanks to less-than-stellar marketing decisions, the Pre has not caught on very well.  Compare that to the Motorola Droid and iPhone marketing campaigns, which are much better run and have much larger budgets... and you see Palm may have a tough time getting the word out through all the noise.  But hey if you are a trend-setter and want to be different, get a Pre or Pre Plus! :)3) APPS...At the time of this writing (***updated 4/14/10***) the Palm Pre's App Catalog has almost 2,000 apps (plus hundreds of homebrew apps and over a thousand themes).  This is certainly dwarfed by the thousands of iPhone and Android apps, but they're really starting to become a steady stream (no longer a trickle) of new apps.  My complaint is that I'm still missing some very important apps, namely Docs2Go with full EDITING capabilities. It's supposed to come to webOS in early 2010, but my patience is wearing thin.  I also wish we had Shazam, though I know we'll get it as soon as Palm releases its mic API's.But if it's apps you want, you should know the Catalog still has a ways to go.  It's grown substantially since starting with 30 apps, but I'm still quite peeved we don't have Docs2Go (right now you can only view but not edit Office files) or Shazam... but they're coming!  Plus, we have a lot of big names now, like Direct TV remote DVR, Slacker Radio, Pandora, Flixster, etc...  and we now have awesome 3D games like Need for Speed, Assassin's Creed, etc.4)  PALM'S FINANCIAL TROUBLESI thought I'd include a little blurb on this because a lot of people have come up to me and said "Palm isn't doing well, therefore I shouldn't buy a Pre."  This is crazy talk.  First of all, my phone still works great regardless of Palm's financial reports.  Second, webOS is an EXCELLENT product. Regardless of what happens to Palm (if they get bought, for instance), it will definitely persevere and continue to thrive.  Third, there's awesome deals to be had right now:  the Pre Plus is really cheap right now with FREE Mobile Hotspot on Verizon.  Basically, you can tether up to five devices (laptop, iPad, iPod Touch) to your phone... FOR FREE!  Finally....... and this is very important........  this is a PHONE we're talking about, people.  Not a car or life insurance!  Sheesh.... I guess that sums things up! In short, I'd say the Palm Pre is a great blend of the iPhone and a Blackberry, with the added ability to multi-task.  If you're between either of them, I'd highly recommend it. I love it.********************* UPDATE 10-07-09 **********************It's confirmed:  Palm Pre is coming to Verizon in 2010.********************* UPDATE 10-15-09 **********************To save money, my wife joined me on Sprint.  She initially went for the HTC Hero because she wanted a virtual keyboard.  She didn't like it, and got a Palm Pre instead.  In her words: "it's just so much easier to use."  She also has grown quite fond of the Pre's keyboard.********************* UPDATE 11-19-09 **********************It's been almost 6 months since I got my Pre and, with caveats, I'm still in love with it.  There have been a couple issues like the flimsy USB door falling off but I repaired it myself.Also, since I've owned the Pre, Palm has sent SEVEN over-the-air updates.  It's great to see they're continuously refining and improving it. Subsequent updates have added new features...  to name a few:- SMS Emoticons- Text forwarding- Copying text and images from the browser- Speed improvements- Yahoo! synergy and instant messaging- E-mail search capability- Ability to send contacts as .vcf files via SMS or email********************* UPDATE 12-09 **********************Palm updated to 1.3.5, which removed the silly app limit and significantly improved performance of the Pre.  All the love lost is back again. ;)********************* UPDATE 1-10 **********************The Pre now has 3D gaming! I'm not talking silly games... I mean 1st person shooters, Need for Speed... just like the iPhone. Awesome.The Pre gets video recording in February!The Pre gets Flash 10.1 in February!********************* UPDATE 3-10 **********************With the 1.4 update, we now have video recording! We can also edit videos and post them to YouTube, Facebook, or send 'em via MMS or email! Other notable enhancements are *MUCH* faster performance in opening apps and better battery life.  I love how Palm keeps improving this thing.

I was number one to purchase the Palm Pre back on June 6, 2009 in Colorado Springs!  The phone is EVERYTHING and then some!  No other phone on the market can match Palm's Web OS functionality!  This phone has exceeded all others including the IPhone.  No contest!  For value, functionality, business and fun--THIS IS THE SMARTPHONE FOR YOU! You will never want or need another!

- I tried Pre` phones for 30 day, as much as possible. Yes phones, since I had to change 3 phones for various reasons. The first one came with cracked screen. I called amazon & got it replaced. The second one would not power at all. So Amazon sent me a replacement again, while I kept using the first one with cracked screen. Was embarrassing to carry in front of friends with whom I have been favoring Palm viz a viz Iphone. Now the third one screen would go blank on making a call & you would need to restart the phone. So Amazon sent 4th one. This one worked well for 3 days. 4th day onwards once everyday I had to restart the phone to make/receive any calls. While wifi & other functions worked well the basic phone functionality will hang once in a day randomly. So I called Amazon to replace the phone again. Mind it all this while I was all happy with the functionalities of the device & loved how it worked when it worked. But Amazon decided that they would not replace this one. They just offered me refund & asked me to return the handset & accessories. I called up & spoke to them but to no avail. Amazon people told me since it's recurring problem they will pull out the phone from their site till pending investigation. But I realized they just wanted to sweet talk me into returning the phone, since I was insisting on replacement. So I returned the phone & closed my Sprint account.- Dude did Amazon/Sprint realize that if you are living in USA you need to be careful of 'credit history'. That is what makes or breaks a person here, while businesses can thrive on any BS policies they force on consumers. So when I go to purchase a car they will run my credit history & find one additional inquiry from Sprint. Amazon/Sprint would not care how my interest rates jack up because of this. Let me come back to the topic.- The touch stone charger is kool, again as long as it works. The phone will randomly think it's not good to charge through touch stone now, all this while you were thinking your phone is charging & you would be good to go outside in some time...but no. There are 2 causes for touchstone to stop working...1. Known cause, where back cover may get loose over a period of time & the connectors behind would not make good connection with battery, so remove cover, replace it back & press firmly there you go. 2. Unknown cause, no matter what you do unless you restart the phone it would not start charging through touch stone, there you go again. Those of you who would not mind restarting should factor the time it takes to restart the phone, believe me it's painfully long. I am not comparing it with other phones & I am not aware as well but Pre` takes long to restart.- On upsides I liked the feel & looks of the phone. I could brag in front of iphone users about it's multi-tasking os till it froze once in front of my colleague when I was showing it. This demanded a restart. I liked the calender & contacts organization. It really is functional & slick. I would say only Palm Pre & Blackberry are serious business phones rest all are style or gaming devices.- Sprint 3G connection is really fast. Palm would not disappoint in opening apps, web or other things, it compliments Sprints fast 3G connection. Add to this free Telenav on Pre, it's a stealer deal. Only if Amazon lets you keep the phone :)- If Palm/Sprint fixes the small glitches in the phone they have a pretty descent device up at very reasonable price in the market. Yes Amazon need to be supportive of customer & partners selling on their site.

This is hands down the best phone I have ever owned. The multi-tasking function can not be beat and frankly is not found on the iPhone. It is nice and small I barely realize it is in my pocket. The physical keyboard also can not be beat, something the iPhone also does not provide. The UI is better than any BlackBerry device out there as well. A great phone overall that will just keep getting better as more and more developers get on board!

This phone has it all...Multitasking, fantastic email/calendar/contacts support for Exchange, 3MP camera & video recording @ 640/480, 3D games, GESTURES, multi-touch, physical keyboard, full media features, Adobe Flash any day now, and I could go on forever. GET THIS PHONE!

I'll try to make this review as short and concise as possible. In a nutshell, the pre out of the box is a good (not great) phone with potential but missing a lot of basic functions.  If you've owned a Palm device (i.e.treo/centro) buying the pre is a whole different operating system.  The biggest thing you should be aware of before buying a pre is that it is cloud based compare to older palm devices.  Cloud means internet syncing as a backup solution.  No Palm desktop or local solution.Cons* No camcorder* No virtual keyboard* No LED notifications* Cloud syncing - Palm wants you to use google/yahoo etc for free calendar & contacts syncing. Music/Photos sync via itunes until apple once again decides to break that function.  There are third party apps that cost $40 for all purpose syncing.* No DPad for navigating the cursor.* No Tab key* App catalog is limited and not a lot of professional/useful apps (at this time).* No bluetooth file transfer* Only 8GB of storage with no external storage option* As of 11/20 there is an app limit to only 300mb.* Docs2go is read only. However its not due to Palm. Datavitz will release the update early 2010* No Flash. Adobe will release it early 2010* When trying to change an existing appt the Calendar & task app don't have a month view with days of the week compared to older palm devices. The calendar is a scroll wheel design.* No ability to password protect memos* Not a lot of options to customize system sounds* Limited to 3 pages (or screens) to store apps* Slippery back cover. I would recommend buying the rubber matte touchstone charger back cover.* The process of charging. There is a flimsy panel that hides the USB. You have to slide the phone open to use the USB. The process is so frustrating that it forces you to buy the touchstone charger. Note the touchstone doesn't charge via computer or come with a usb cable so you will have to buy the universal charger too.  If you buy directly from sprint or palm thats almost $100. I bought both accessories from amazon for half the price.* Lag when loading apps.  Most of the lag though is caused by the animations.Pros* Synergy - ability to merge several calendars & contacts (exchange,google etc) into one* Multi-tasking - ability to run several apps via card system at the same time. Ive had 10 apps opened at once.* Slick UI - the recent update fixed a lot of lag* homebrew app community - This is a group of random developers creating free apps & patches for webos. Most of the apps are reviewed by Palm and later added to the offical app catalog.* Palm updates.  While some may see that as a negative i see it as a plus because that means Palm is constantly working to make webos better. For example i bought the pre at launch and it didnt have full copy/paste and sms forwarding. Now it does because of the update.* Built-in apps. NFL, Sprint TV, Sprint Navigation with voice directions* multi-touch screen* gesture areaI hope you find this review helpful.  If the pre is going to be your first smartphone I would recommend buying.  But if your coming from palm os or similar smartphone i would wait until they get the bugs out. Unless of course you are into new gadgets then by all means go for it.  My experience has been with winmo and palm os, so when i brought the pre I was somewhat disappointed because of the lack of some basic features.  But after using the homebrew apps and patches the phone is at 85% total satisfaction compared to 60%.  With homebrew apps/patches some of the cons were addressed.  I can now manage netflix, stream podcasts & radio stations, tag my car via GPS and locate it later and a lot of other cool stuff.

I have been using smart phones since 2004 and owned Pre since the first week that it came out. Now after almost two months, I can't even think about living without this phone for one day. First two weeks I wasn't sure about my decision, but after couple of weeks I really started enjoying the phone. It takes a while to get used to it and learn how to use all the features of the phone. Also it takes a while to get used to the keyboard. It's not as good as blackberry keyboard, but I don't believe it's a fair comparison to  compare Pre's keyboard to Blackberry's, since form factors and sizes are so different. I have had zero problem with the phone, and it works flawlessly with my exchange account at work. If you are going to buy the phone, make sure to get the touchstone as well. It makes your life much easier. I have been using it both at home and in my car, and I love it.

no video function...yetno sound recording function...yetno flash player for the palm os...yetother than those 3 semi major issues the palm pre is literally the sexiest & most user friendly smartphone available...also i suppose the battery life could be a lot better & for some reason sprint took 7 days to port my number from at&t.; they were unreasonably unaccommodating. when my phone was finally activated it had excellent call reception & the internet (with or without wifi) is super fast. despite all of the b.s. that i encountered i still recommend the palm pre.

Like----*Beautiful screen*Video playback/quality*Upgradeable battery (see below)*Ability to multitaskDon't Like----------*Short battery life*Difficulty formatting videos to play properly (I have it down now)*Sprint customer service is really bad*App store isn't very impressive at this point in timeConclusion----------This phone is fantastic. Despite some annoyances, I would buy this phone again in a heartbeat. It does everything I want it to, and once the App Store really gets going I'm going to be very happy. I recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a smart phone with a physical keyboard, that can multitask, and is not on AT&T.; So far my coverage with Sprint has been great! Data downloads have been very fast, and I haven't had a single dropped call.

After 4 Windows Mobile phones, I had enough. I had to find something better, just had to. And of course, the Iphone immediately came to mind. But I couldn't justify the ridiculous monthly cost, especially on a network that many people I know with iphones complain so much about. So I decided to stay with Sprint and got the Pre. And boy, I'm glad I did. I absolutely love this phone. It's the best phone in existence today, bar none - yes, even the iphone. The form factor is great; it's so much more pocketable than all the smartphones I looked it, but still manages to have a (beautiful) 3.1" screen. And it looks great - so elegant. Then there's what's underneath. Wow. It works the way I had wished Windows Mobile would work. Quick, intuitive, and with everything being multitaskable. I couldn't believe it when people first told me the iphone couldn't multitask; how ridiculous. Not so with the Pre. I can listen to Pandora and never have to stop the music just to check email or do anything else. And the Everything Data plan is such a bargain (relatively). I get some free TV channels, voice-guided GPS navigation (some reviewers had problems with it, but it works great for me), unlimited text, NFL games, all kinds of things. Voice quality is very good. Web browsing is fast on Sprint's network and the Pre's browser is every bit as good as the iphone's. The keyboard works well too. Keys seemed small at first, but surprisingly, I never find myself hitting the wrong button, whether I can feel adjacent buttons or not while I'm typing. I had no idea physical buttons would be that much better than touchscreen buttons (though I still wish Palm would provide that additionally). The only thing I was worried about was the crack screen problem some users have. Luckily, my doesn't seem to have that problem (knock on wood). As for the finger prints - seriously? That's like complaining about my beautiful black Mercedes because it shows dirt more than white cars. Puh-leez. The one legitimate complaint is the battery life. I don't know if it's software, or the radio chipset on the phone, but it really does drain the battery fast. Nothing that a extra USB cable won't fix though. As for the lack of Apps in the App Catalog - no, that's not really a legitimate complaint. It's only been out 2 months, what do you expect? There's pretty much no app in the Apple App Store that can't be developed in a few months time, tops. So I guarantee you that by Christmas this year, 95% of the really useful apps that people would want will be out for the Pre. Besides, there are many useful available already (Pandora, OpenTable, etc.). If you're looking for a great phone, with a cheap plan on a fast network to boot, this is an absolute no-brainer.

I've had the Pre since December 24th. Christmas present. I was thrilled since I had been asking for it for months and I wanted to get away from AT&T; and the way to high bill for the iphone.Well after only a week or two I am missing my iphone and here's why.1. I get a brand new phone that instantly needs updating.2. I have to go to a semi sanctioned site and download 50 apps just get the phone to be a decent "phone"i.e the phone is basic out the box outside of the multi function ability and a bunch of apps that don't make sense. Nascar anyone?3. It's to damn sensitive to touch. I pulled the phone out of my jacket pocket to find out 4 or 5 apps were running. Yea for multi functionality.4. Battery Life...worst I have ever had. From a full charge to 50% in less than two hours and I didn't do anything but send maybe 10 texts and cruise FB for 5 mins.5. It's slow. Yes it has multi function ability but who cares if you have to wait 30 to 45 seconds for the system to think between apps and it gets slower the more things you have running. But again it moves fast in my jacket pocket.6. Keyboard is way to small and moving from a virtual keyboard to this gave me almost a feeling of downgrading phone wise.7. Sound quality is better than iphone which sucked on a good day.After saying all that I will say the phone was fun for a day or two while I figured out how to add apps. After that nothing. The phone fits great in the palm of my hand and the camera is awesome. To bad I didn't buy it for the camera.

It's the best deal on the internet for this phone and I haven't had any problems with my Pre at all.

I use a Blackberry Curve for work and prior to that was an early adopter of the Treo line (started with the monochrome 180).  After doing considerable research on the Pre, I felt it was time to give Palm another shot.  I must say, I'm not dissappointed.The Pre delivers on all fronts, from style to functionality.  Another huge plus has been its reliability.  Unlike my Curve and prior Treos, my Pre has proven to be very stable, with no resets after weeks of use. I also use the Touchstone charger at work which makes keeping the Pre fully juiced a snap.I think most people want to compare the Pre to the iPhone.  Since I'm not an experienced iPhone user, all I can comment on is the form factor.  I think the Pre wins hands down.  The iPhone is a plain vanilla rectangle which is not very pocket friendly.  And did I mention the iPhone does not have a hard keyboard?  The Pre on the other hand is very pleasing to the eye, pocket friendly, AND has a hard keyboard.  The only area I'd give the iPhone the edge on is third party apps.  The Pre and Palm have a long way to go to catch up with the iPhone when it comes to apps - but I think they will make progress as the Pre and webOS get more popular.  I see that happening as the Pre shows up on other carriers, especially Verizon.If you're thinking of getting a smartphone, try the Pre.  Odds are you'll end up owning one.

purchased the Pre + 450 Sprint Plan, vehicle charger, and touchstone kit for $168.  I returned all 3 items in about 20 days.  I also received a $100+ bill from Sprint.  to date I have received $62 refund.  The Sprint guys are telling me since I never activated it and returned it that it would be refunded.  The Amazon guys are telling me that the Sprint folks have to refund the money.I expect to lose money in the shipping but, I payed $168 and returned all three items in the same box plus an additional $100+ bill from Sprint.  Where's my MONEY?If you buy something and return it in the same condition then we as customers expect a full refund.

I have been w/ sprint for 10 years and have always had a palm - I replaced my Treo 700p with pre.I just replaced my pre with iphone 3gs - I gave my wife my pre and she is also not thrilled with it. I am writing this review because I was pretty dissatisfied to actually leave palm and sprint after so much time.My main reason for giving up on pre was the phone - I live in Miami area and the service was unreliable - and the pre did not give me near as good reception as did my treo.Besides that, the phone interface is not user friendly - not nearly as good as iphone which I really like. It does not list favorites! calling people on your favorite list should be quick and easy, but palm doesn't have a favorites list (it does have speed dial, but not very convenient)Answering the pre when the phone rings require you to drag symbol off screen - again for some reason, this was difficult and often the phone call was lost by the time I succeeded.I had several other problems - it would link nicely with my car's bluetooth, but then after i left car, if phone rang I would answer and not hear anyone because the phone was still somehow communicating on bluetooth.Keeping several windows open is a nice feature that pre has, but still it is very slow to load each feature as opposed to the apps on iphone which are instantaneous.the internet service at least for me was also occasionally unreliable.another problem with phone is that maximum volume is not very loud - and I have perfect hearing, but still had trouble.the camera is great. I love the size of pre. I love the slideout keyboard. There are some good things, but the phone is the most important and it drove me crazy.I already like the iphone much more - didn't want to get it, because the hype is annoying. also costs more.on a side note, sprint customer service has really improved - now excellent - what a big change.the next generation pre i am sure will be much better, but they better hurry before everyone has iphone

I have owned the pre now for a month.  Downloaded the manual from Palm.com, all 350+ pages.  I found the pre slightly hard to understand at first, so I read most of the manual in the first few days.  Everything became so easy to understand once I figured out some of the basics.  Now I feel a little dumb that I had to read the manual, but I had to admit it.....and for a guy, that is sometimes hard to do.  You know what I mean, we don't even ask someone for directions, but now with the pre and the sprint everything plan, you have GPS at your fingertips too, so no need to ask for directions anyway.Anyway, I did not see anyone else discussing the ease of using this phone as a music-player (IPOD like).  My IPOD (second generation) doesn't function well since it is so old, but not too worry...... My new computer with Windows 7 took care of that issue.  Window Media Player will automatically sync your palm pre with all of your music on your computer (even music that was originally under I-Tunes) using the USB connection....you need to set this up the first time you plug the pre into your computer to set up this auto sync feature.  How awesome is that?  I'll tell ya how awesome......I never need to buy another IPOD again!  EVER.  Thank god, because those things are expensive.There are a lot of other things I love about my pre.......the layering of calendars, including my wifes' calendar and the layering of contacts from all my sources.....groupwise, google, optonline, linked-in.....it is unbelievably awesome.  Using Companion-link to help with this made it very easy too for only $39.  I wish this was free, but for the convenience, it was well worth the $39.On the negative, I do wish that the pre had video, but I'm sure it is coming.Absolutely love it.

For those complaining about battery life - you haven't tried WebOS 1.4!!  New OS updates almost monthly bring features and tweaks that improve the phone constantly!!All in all - the best thing about this phone is the phone's operating system - WebOS is truly the future - if Palm came out with a tablet based on this OS they'd have a gold mine - no, a diamond mine :) Loving the customizations at [...]- patches and themes galore - and legal!  Unlike the big fruit - Palm lets you make this phone your own - change launcher layouts (5x4 icons, 4x4, etc) make tweaks, ect - and it's dead simple with Preware and the forums at precentral!And the one BIG factor that many ppl dont know about.a Sprint plan compared to an ATT plan!!Me and my wife are saving $750 over the course of our 2-year contract over AT&T; and the iPhone.  Yes - that's right - I can buy a brand new TV because i'm not on AT&T;!! - Look into it yourself - big $$ to be saved!!

In the past, I've had a Palm Treo 650, a first generation iPhone, and several Blackberries so I've had plenty of smartphone experience. The Pre looks great and has some distinct advantages over the BB and the iPhone (multitasking for one). But: Buyer beware...I am now on my second and soon to be third Pre in 6 months. I love the design and feel of the phone, the software is excellent (though not without bugs),the screen is terrific, keyboard is so-so (I prefer the virtual keyboard on the iPhone).But now, the issue is the poor build quality of the phone itself. There appears to be a hardware issue with the internal speaker for the earpiece and for the connection to the proximity detector that tells the phone that it is on your ear. My first Pre was replaced by Sprint for this problem and now, the replacement is behaving exactly the same. Resetting doesn't help as this is not a software issue. With the contract issues, looks like I'm stuck...don't let this happen to you. At least the Pre has Bluetooth. That's probably the only workaround once the warranty expires (other than always having a headset or headphone).

The operating system on this phone is what makes it amazing. WebOS is fun, fast, and easy to use. The ability to run multiple applications at once lets me use the navigation features, while pandora is running in the background. The notifications on the phone are amazing. they are not obtrusive, yet they let you know when something important happens. the ability to dismiss them without having them disappear is fantastic.There are many applications available, with more coming out every day, including some great 3D games.  If you are up to it, you can also install many patches and homebrew apps to the phone quite easily.  This is one of the most customizable phones I have ever used.The battery life is okay as long as you have a good signal. Playing 3D games does drain the battery quite quick though.Programs can take a while to open sometimes, but the ability to leave all the programs I want open all day long makes it easy to simply switch to what I want. no waiting at all!There are many updates to the phone that have added several great features, such as video recording. I can't wait to see what updates will come to the phone in the future!

So this is not my first PDA and not my first PALM. I agree, teh battery life on this thing sucks compared to other PDA phones i have had in the past. but the graphics are awesome, and i do think it is better than the IPHONE. i can say that the apps can be a little sluggish at times which can be annoying. the device does take a while to completely power on. 3G network is fast as well, no complaints. this is basically my first pda with no navigation buttons, it takes a little getting used to not being able to use a navigation button or a stylus.. not the best keyboard i have used, the buttons are a little small. the widgets are very useful. even though this phone has an accelorameter, the device can be a little confusing at first and it takes some getting used to. the integrated email and text/im is great too.i give this device four stars because i think it is a great phone but:1. battery life sucks2. lack of navigation makes it harder to key over in text and insert letters/numbers, you have to do it with you finger which can be a pain i would rather just erase the word than continuously trying to use my finger to but the cursor in the right place.3. it would have been nice if the silver button on the screen was the navigation button like blackberry where you could rotate it... instead you can only push it...Other than that the phone is good for me, i am a grad student who checks emails at least once an hour and send/recieve text at leat 40/times a day, so i guess i am a casual user, i dont know if i would recommend this product for someone who lives on their pda...UPDATE: It is now August 1st and I have had this phone for about a month so I have used most if not all of its functionalities.scrolling through letters when typingl: I figured that to key over when typing just hold the red button while moving your finger across the screen, to highlight and select text just hold down the shift button and do the same thing. to cut copy past, hold the silver button after selecting text and press at the same time c,v,x respectively. i wish there were a way to select an image off the web and copy (like the new iphone), but i guess you cant have your cake and eat it too.GPS: I think the worst thing you can do is depend on this device as a navagation system. I am a student at Purdue and travel alot to chicago ISU and Urbana to visit friends and family. each trip is about 1.5 hours to 3 hours depending on traffic. Do NOT Depend on this device as a sole GPS. you will be dissapointed. I go through a lot of small towns to travel to different places, and if you are not in the sprint network, the signal will be extremely weak or non existant... If i didnt know the routes by heart I would be screwed. because on many occassions, the gps signal faded. i was going to invest in a Tomtom but when i learned of sprints gps i decided to hold off, now i know that i am going to get one. Also, you better have a good car charger, because the gps system alone, will drain your battery in about 30min -1 hour. I also ran into the problem that the gps takes up alot of RAM and will prevent from opening other calls. this happened to me twiceCall quality: No complaints, speaker is good.Camera: yes it is 3mp. however, the only functionality it has is flash/no flash...app store: as of now all of the apps are either free or free trial, however, there are not many choices... most of the apps are location based services like [...], goodfood, yelp etc. and you also have a few time killer games, and news and weather and sports... dissapointed that there is no skype app available but that is not due to pre, and i assume the selection of apps will improve with time.My personal favorite apps are linkedin, accuweather, googlemaps, where,fandango,pandora,infopedia and apyoutube app: its great, can be a little sluggishsprinttv: dont pay for a subscription you will be dissapointed. i looked at the quality of the free channels, the quality is not worth subscribing, you would do better just watching clips on youtube.battery life: still suckssynergy: I love it, i love how easy and productive this device is, to just type a name and all of the IM, email and phone are synced together, and I love the calendar.graphics: the graphics on this phone are unbelievable, when i search the web the pictures are very clear, and sprints 3g network is good enough so that i am not waiting forever to load a page, i also think the pdf viewer and doc viewer are good too. My previous palms were a lifedrive and a treo, and viewing documents on those were a joke. because you can use your fingers to easily zoom in and out, it makes it easier to view documentsweb: I love the web, myspace, facebook, amazon and three other sites are built in specifically for pre to make web browsing easier.User friendly: it does take a getting used to, but overall, it really depends on the persons experience with pda phones..GUI: very easy to navigatekeypad: I personally dont find this phone hard to type because i am a female and my fingers are small, however i can understand how men with big fingers could have a problemWIFI: I love it, when you make your settings for a network, every time you enter the network you settings are already saved, no need to continuously enter password info.

By far the best phone I have ever owned, from it's real keyboard to it's industry leading software.  Some other phone manufacturers claim to have mutitasking, don't be fooled, this phone is the real deal.  Picking up this phone for the first time I was amazed how easy the user interface was, simple and logical, opening applications and then swiping them away when finished, having several applications running at once, moving from card to card.  The notification system works great too, when a call/text comes in it does not stop the application that is running at the present time (like Pandors music), giving you the option of answering it at a later time.  Palm has been releasing updates at an average of once a month, always improving their webOS software,plus the application library is growing by leaps and bounds and don't forget the homebrew community, another bonus feature.  Recently they have added 3D gaming in their last update.  Sprint by far has the best plans in the industry, so give the Pre a try, you won't be disappointed.

I obsessed about the Pre for weeks before buying it.  I wanted it SOOOO badly.  I'd never owned a "smart" phone before, and never had any intention of buying one until I fell in love with the Pre.  It's not that I'm not tech-capable (on the contrary, I deal with this stuff all day long and just wanted my phone to keep it simple), I'd just never felt the NEED for a smart phone until this one strolled by, looking all sexy.  If I had a time machine, I would go back in time and slap myself in the face and tell myself to snap out of it, and save myself $200.The Pre is fantastic for email, web browsing, and app-y type stuff, but it's the absolute, hands-down, WORST phone I've ever had the displeasure to own.  I've been on the Sprint network for over ten years, so I know it's not the coverage.  This phone drops so many calls it blows my mind.  I can't even use it in my office (my last three phones were fine here) because it will drop the call in a hot minute.  Were I in some sort of horror movie scenario, this phone would get me killed.  If I hadn't paid so much for it, I'd smash it with a hammer.Other quirks and problems abound with the software of the phone...  The alarm clock is even more unreliable than its ability to hold on to a call.  I joke with my husband that if we have another kid, maybe we can sue Palm, because the daily alarm for me to take my birth control pill goes off about 75% of the time, at best.  Yet, I'll get 4 different reminders at 4 different times for other calendar events which are set to have NO REMINDER.  The clock sometimes will decide to just speed up and be 20 minutes fast, and you have to turn airplane mode on and off to get it to re-synch the correct time.  Have a bluetooth handsfree?  Have fun!  It will work... Sometimes!  Oh, and don't let a text conversation get too long without deleting it, or else you won't be able to delete it.  Does the fun ever stop?Like I said, if I could go back in time and unbuy this phone, I would.  I would not recommend it to anyone who ever wants to use their cell phone to make or receive calls.  I gave it two stars because it IS a good little mobile web device, but that's the extent of the "pro" list for this phone.As it is, I'm stuck until I can get another rebate.  Caveat emptor and all that jazz.

The Pre is the best phone/PDA ever.  The iPhone has to be jealous of this one.  I've had my Pre about 3 weeks now and it is awesome.My only complaints are:The signal strength is weak.  My other phone was a motorola from sprint, and in the same location it had 5 bars, the Pre only has 1-2.Battery life needs to be longer.  If you are running the GPS in your car, you need a lighter adapter.  I bought a cheap one from [...] and it didn't work.  (cheap junk...along with their protector cases.)  I had to buy a lighter adapter from the Sprint store.  Sometimes I have to plug the lighter adapter in about 3 or 4 times before the phone starts charging, so I am not sure what is up with that.  My home charger starts charging immediately. But eventually it works.Sometimes every other key on the bottom row of the keyboard will not work.  Has anyone else experienced this? Please tell me yes. I am going to have to take it in and get it replaced or something.  I'm still in the process of problems solving, but if I turn the phone off and turn it back on, all the keys work again.  The keys are the Z, C, B, and M.  All other keys work great.  I just checked them and they are all working again.  I'm sure later on today they won't work.  Very annoying.  I wish the phone had some kind on screen keyboard you could use in a pinch, to allow me to complete an email or task, before I need to reboot the phone.  I'll be calling Sprint here real soon about it.  I just got back from vacation.

I have been using the Palm Pre since December 2009. Previously, I had Palm Treos for at least four years and then switched to the iPhone. I used the iPhone for about a year. It felt like a toy. My biggest gripe with the iPhone was the calendar. You had to click a button three to four times to just create one calendar entry. Then came the Palm Pre and I never looked back. Entering an even in the calendar is a breeze. You just tap and type. Nothing else needed. Then there is the multitasking feature. I don't know any phone that allows you to multitask as easily as the Pre deos. Sprint service has been splendid and reasonably priced. I don't regret cancelling my contract with AT&T. Unless you try this phone, you really wouldn't know what it can do. Here is why I say this phone is revolutionary: it multitasks like no other phone out there; its notification feature is like no other; the gesture area function is like no other; the phone is easy to use and intuitive (never looked at the manual). The operating system on this phone puts every other phone to shame. The only problem is it has not been adequately advertized. And that is a shame.

It works good so far had a couple dropped calls in two weeks,,, but thats not bad for as much as I'm on the phone

I love this phone! It does everything the iphone does, WITH a keyboard and on a much better network. Internet speed is amazing, screen quality is amazing, and the simply everything plan for $99 a month is impossible to beat. I am glad I bought this phone.

I can pause the Sims3 while answering a phone call, once the phone call ends my game picks up right where it left off. Also there have been 8 or 9 major updates that keep adding features. Palm has amazing support for this phone.

I find that most of the negative feedback on the Pre are from people that did not take the time necessary to get to know the phone, look at the various options for the phone (software, batteries, touchstone) and really appreciate what it offers.True multi-tasking, great screen, great notifications, smaller than other smart phones, keyboard (you can get an on-screen keyboard also - Palm patch).  I am in Philadelphia and the coverage is great.  I am coming from Verizon.  And there are new updates and software being developed every day.Just the little things that people don't understand like needing to drag the icon off the screen to unlock or answer the phone.  If it wasn't this way it would be to easy to accidental unlock or answer the phone.  And this becomes natural fairly quickly.Does the Pre offer the number of applications of the iPhone or Android phones, No.  Are there some very useful software programs, Yes.  And with the program 'Classic' you can use the 30,000+ Palm applications that have already been developed.If you want a simple to use phone this may not be for you.  If you want something that is on the cutting edge of design and technology, check the Pre out.

My grammar is horrible, yes i know.The Cons(easier to list then the positives)- The Battery is a drainer. Expect only a Day's useage on it. and charging it at night is a must. Half these people complain about the battery but if you adjust the phone and take out Battery drainer functions such as the Screen brightness, Background Data Collection, and geotag photos.- Lack of Apps(as of right now) BUT CHECK OUT THE HOMEBREW apps and tweaks. More of that later.- No Video Recorder (palm is supposedly working on it)- The music player can be better. Lags a little when you use the music app and try to scroll through the list of songs.(215 songs in my library)- Non Expandable memory. No Micro-SD slot.Now the Positives.- webOS system is amazing i love mulititasking. I usually have several cards open at once, texting, web sites, and games all at the same time and to leave a card and return to it is a breeze and quick!- The Design feels great in your hands. Imagine a smooth stone in your palm. Its nice and sometimes i wonder exactly how far i can skip it in a lake(but id nvr do that haha)- The Web is FAST, and renders really fast compared to my older treo 700p and my brother's new Instinct (s10 i believe it is called)- The camera takes real good pictures. Nice, very nice. You wont be disappointed. Plus the Shutter speed is quick!- Sync all your info easily on to your phone quickly(synergy)- Texting is great on this phone with the physical keyboard. Yeah it might seem small at first but my normal sized fingers have adjusted quite fast to it.- Screen is Nice and bright. Cant Complain on this.- The fact that it would be one of the first phones to support Flash(yay!) NOT RELEASED YET, the pre's competitor iPhone is not getting Flash. I can just imagine flash games on my phone oh yeah..... Check out Adobe's announcement on this, it even shows Flash on the Pre as the example.  [...]- HOMEBREW is alive and kicking! Over 250 apps avilable as of today. You can set LED light notifications and change the whole theme of your phone easily(and more). PLUS the phone is nearly un-brickable! Palm really supports its developers and even has a WebOS Doctor to reset your phone if it does indeed become a goner! Perfect for people who love to jailbrake their electronics.- The Amazon MP3 store is sick! You can now purchase the songs over the EVDO (phones) web connection and its fast and easy. Plus it will charge your Amazon account not your phone bill great if you dont want your parents to know all the music you buy. Plus the bit rate is usually higher on Amazon compared to itunes so audiophiles like me will appreciate the improved sound. Plus you can easily transfer your song you bought from the Amazon mp3 store to your computer in a breeze (just drag and drop) and these mp3's will work with itunes as well.- Touchstone Kit. This is a cool way to charge your phone and the new back cover you get with it makes the phone feel a lot better bulid quality. (Note: this is seperate and it cost around 50 bucks more but it is awesome you wont regret it).- The Sprint plan is cheap and affordable. Plus customer service has gotten way better. You got to check out the everything data plan. I get great service in LA- Homebrew App MYtether lets you get your phones internet connection and use it for your laptop. A user on precentral.net used around 4gb of data and didnt get charged additional fees.- Speaker is loud dont let anyone tell you its not. Im perfectly happy with it. It wakes me up easily.- Little feature but cool: Make any of your songs in your phone a ringtone! Small thing but nifty I'd say.All in all I love this phone and the potential of this phone is off the roof. Flash is coming soon and apps are starting to come out more and more. I had this phone for a month already and ive only grown to love it more and more. When i see an iPhone I find it outdated now plus everyone has one already, its not that "exclusive" any more. IF you need a new phone or your looking to switch to sprint i would definitly recommend this phone! Its only going to get better and in the three months this phone has been out it has improved vastly. All in all i couldnt be happier with this phone.

had the phone since July and I rarely go on my home pc anymore.. everything is there.. The best @ multitasking, and the camera is just awesome.. My friends are always impressed by the quality of the pics, especially at night..

I had this phone since launch day(6Jun09)and this phone keeps getting better each month, due to the monthly updates.  This has got to be one of the most satisfying phones that I have ever owned and I find it hard to put down. This phone is a multitasking, 3D gaming champ. With the Precentral community, touchstone charger, patches, home brew apps and quickly growing app catalog I find myself constantly wanting more.  This is a great highly customizable phone in which you can add features thats missing or just have it your way with the help of simple patching software. This phone is not customizable like Android meaning it does not have widgets all over the screen. I personally haven't had any issues with this phone and I highly recommend it.

I've had the phone since launch back in June 2009 and the phone I have now is not the phone I bought. The Pre I have now that runs webOS 1.4 is quicker, more responsive and has more features than the Pre from June 2009. In the nine months I've owned the phone there have been 4 major updates to webOS, each one bringing more features and fixing shortcomings.Hands down this is the best implementation of multitasking on any phone. The card interface is incredibly easy to use and notifications can be easily swiped away if you don't want to respond to them.It now has the capability to record video and play 3D games. Palm is also releasing a plug-in development kit so that developers can easily port over applications from other systems (iPhone included). This will help with the amount of apps on webOS.Homebrew is really easy on webOS. There's no jailbreaking or anything like that. Homebrew is encouraged by Palm and you can install an app called Preware that can tap into homebrew repositories and install homebrew over the air.Some complaints about the phone. Battery life is a little short if you're trying to compare this to older PalmOS phones or WinMo phones. Think more iPhone battery life and that's what you're looking at. Yes it will need to be charged everyday.The hardware feels cheap to some people and there have been cases where the slider starts twisting. I've personally haven't encountered this but I'm pretty light on my electronics.Most people that get put off by the phone expect it to be something it's not. You'll see a lot of the older Palm guys that don't like the phone because they want an OS for business use. This is not that phone or OS. Yes you can connect to active sync on Exchange and get your calendars, email, and tasks but don't expect a business phone. If you're looking for business get a Blackberry or a WinMo phone. This is a consumer phone. It's designed to be an iPhone competitor and it shows. The Pre is designed to be simple, easy, and fun to use.

this phone is almost purrfect for me except... as far as i can tell there's no way to take a video, only pictures.

I just read a review by someone who seemed a little narrow-minded, saying that those who review the Palm Pre and make comparisons to the iPhone are invidious.  I've been with Sprint for ten years now and have managed to get a fabulous monthly deal on a data plan.  That is why I've had a Palm Pre and now a Blackberry Tour.  If iPhones could be used on Sprint I'd have one.  I've heard iPhones are what is keeping AT&T alive; they have the worst ratings across the board...

This phone was not worth the $150 paid for. I miss my iPhone b/c of this phone. It's still nice because its a smartphone, but a crappy one. I cant end calls unless i pull out my battery, my on/off switch doesn't work, and the speaker sounds horrible. This weekend Im going to call print and see if I can send it back and get the htc or just a brand new Pre.

As long as you never ever go to a different phone (and this includes a replacement pre), you should be fine.But beware that the contacts, memo, calendar information that is stored in the "cloud" cannot be transferred to a different phone.  The store techs cannot retrieve data from a pre. period.But what if your pre breaks.  You get a refurb which is usually not as good as your original.  It comes with 1.0 version of the WebOS.  So when your data comes back from the cloud it can't be restored if your old phone is 1.31 WebOS (current version as of this review).  Oops all my data and contacts are gone!  great.  I've heard that if you upgrade to 1.31 and immediately do a full reset on the phone (basically setting it up again) your data will be back.  However, if the phone does its automatic backup before you do this, your "new" data (minus all your stuff) will backup and overwrite your old backup.  At that point nobody can get it back. Nobody.  It is gone forever unless you wrote it all down on paper.  My "new" phone (aside from being looser and having many dead pixels, they say it is a valid replacement for my original defective unit) decided to backup moments after it activated.  My data was wiped out before I got home.New info:Got the data back (see comments) after too much time on the phone. (call Palm, not Sprint)Oh, get this... Palm tells me I have 20 days of phone support left and 280 days of Warranty on my phone left.  I got my original phone in mid-october. So I have more than 300 warranty days left.  But Palm only goes by the serial.  So now I can calculate when my sub-standard refurb was originally purchased.  Odd that their system shows my warranty less than it really is.  Palm said just use receipt and it doesn't matter what their system says.  Right.More problems with the phone functionality:- If you miss a call and want to see the call details, then tap the notification it just plain calls the number.  If it's someone you didn't want to call back (Omaha Steaks) too late, you just called.- If a call is coming in it gives you a green answer button, a red no-answer button and a picture of the contact in between.  If your finger doesn't quite hit the green button, but touches the picture, you get the contacts information and the answer button is GONE.  You will not be able to answer that call before it stops ringing now.

I purchased the Pre on Sprint the day it was released and it is still in mint condition. If you treat your phone with care you will not have the oreo effects, slider problems or scratches some have reported.  We all know that people usually only write reviews when they are not happy with a product, and fewer bother to write one when they are happy.  I assure you there are way more content Pre owners then the small percent that have experience a material problem with their phone as happens.WebOS is hands down the best OS available and Palm is providing updates averaging every month to make it even better. There are over 2000 apps available which doesn't sound like a lot, but most of what the average person needs is available. If you check out the phone and find there is a specific function missing that you need, most likely there is a patch available that will provide it.I like the hardware design in that the screen is large enough considering the slide out keyboard and it can still fit in my pants pocket easily, any larger and it might be too bulky. It doesn't have the same feel as the sturdier slate phones, but if you treat it with some care you will be fine.Don't let the customer service people steer you to an android phone because they know that better, get some hands on time with the Pre and you will be sold.I'll leave the in depth breakdown of the phones pluses and minuses to the other reviewers, overall for me this phone does every thing I need and I wouldn't trade it for any other phone.

Why is everyone always comparing this phone to the iPhone? iPhone reviews never mention the Pre. Sounds an awful lot like low confidence & envy. If you want an iPhone.... Get 1. The Pre is not an iPhone. To date millions of satisfied iPhone users line-up time after time to renew their affection for their device. But you guys sound like you wish the Pre WAS an iPhone. What's the deal? Are you not happy with your choice? I would like to read a review of the Pre, just once, without a reference to Apple or its iPhone. Sounds like sour grapes.  Sorry for ya. Being an early adopter means having faith in your choice no matter what the competition says or does. Every time you mention Apple or iPhone in your comments you do your choice a disservice by recommending the product you're trying to put down, and on comparison, most people will choose the iPhone. So, don't offer the comparison, just report what you think really sets the Pre apart from the rest of the crowd, with-out the name reference. Most of us welcome the competition, as it improves consumer choice. Me, Yeah, I love my iPhone, but would love to see some sort of user selectable multi-task options without killing my battery. Apple hears this & I'm certain their next upgrade will attempt to offer this. So bottom line, Push the Pre with-out asking people to compare it to the iPhone... 7 x outta 10 they'll choose the iphone, and competition dies, and we all loose. You really don't have to make excuses for or explain your choice.... that's weak.

Multi-tasking wow!Synergy wow!Gorgeous phone.Fits in the hand nicely.  Iphone is brickish.  Blackberry does not have enough screen.Keyboard is as easy to type on as my past Blackberry Curve.  Couldn't stand typing on Iphone.  Tried it out. Hated it.  Blackberry Storm also---terrible typing experience.WebOs is already the best OS and will only get better.Apps are on the way.  Very easy to develop for.  Current apps are very good.My family has 3 Pre's.  All are working perfectly.  This is the phone I've waited to get for years.
