
We have a cell phone that triples minutes.  For every minute we purchase from TracFone, we get two ADDITIONAL minutes free.  Thus this card gives 1200minutes when it's installed on our phone.  In addition, there was a bonus code of 200 minutes from the TracFone web site that is added when the 1200minutes from this card are installed on our phone.  That's a total of 1400 minutes that last a year and never roll over.  A great value, particularly ifyou are not a heavy cell phone user and can make 1200 minutes last a year.

I purchased this phone 2.5 years for my daughter.  She used the phone for around a year. We recharged it several times during this period.  Prior to purchasing the phone/minutes I spoke for 15 minutes with a Tracfone rep to understand their service.  I thought I got it, but I now realize I did NOT.  Around a year ago I had to call and get more minutes so I could use the phone on a business trip. I again spoke with a Rep and recharged the phone.  Now I need the phone again.  It had 67 unused minutes.  The rep said that I needed a new SIM card, but said nothing about minutes or days.  When I called to get the new SIM card working I was told that I must purchase more days.  NOW I understand how it works, but they would not credit my unused minutes or refund my money.Do not use this Tracfone system unless you plan to use it as your main phone like my daughter did - you lose minutes and days IF you fail to use either. The supervisor kept telling me the same thing over and over rather than giving me REAL service help.

I was a little skeptical.  Some of the reviews I read on the company shopcell deals left some doubt.  I placed the order and 3 days letter the card arrived.  Everything worked beautifully.  It could not have been any easier or better.  I saved at least $20.00.  One recommendation I received somewhere told me to  not to use the telephone to redeem as the bonus codes may have expired and it is difficult to redeem others.  I used the computer and sure enough the first code had expired but the option to enter the second appeared instantly.  It worked.  Within 20 seconds of submitting the order the 365 days and 1000 minutes appeared on my phone.I give this company the highest grades for service and price.

My Tracfone quit working and they quickly replaced it and activated the new one; however, it had none of my contacts, etc. on it.  When I pointed this out to their customer service, they advised me there was no way they could transfer that information to the new phone.  They explained that the old SIM card would not work in the new phone (same identical phone); therefore, all that information was lost.  I advised customer service that I would send the old phone back and keep the new phone; however, when my minutes run out, I will not be purchasing any more from Tracfone and will cancel my account.  It seems incredible to me that this could happen in today's more sophisticated electronic world.  This is the first problem I have had with Tracfone; but I think it is significant, and I do not want to deal with this problem again.

Saved $10 purchasing through Amazon vs. Tracfone service. My phone has a double minutes feature which was added immediately. I was glad this worked out as the customer service @ Tracfone is spotty at best.

This will be used with our other purchase (Prepaid Tracfone with double minutes).  Together, one gets a virtually unbeatable annual rate for a lightly-used cell phone.

this is a great card.I got it on time.and it was simply to add to my tracfone.I have double minutes so I got 800 ,plus I had a promo code ,that was 300 bonusminutes,making a total of 1,100.tracfone is great!

Worked as promised.

This was activated without any trouble and is much cheaper than buying smaller amount of service. I am very pleased with it.

I bought this phone and plan, paid list price for the phone and it was defective right out of the box. Okay not their fault but when they sent me a RECONDITIONED PHONE to replace the defective phone I was not going to except it. I mean I paid their price and got a bad phone right out of the box. I called and they sent another phone and still after I told them it was defective right out of the box NEW they still sent another RECONDITIONED PHONE. This company is the biggest rip off out their. This company also owns Straight Talk so be very careful what you are dealing with. As for me I am going to Verizon and using their prepaid phones with more data at the same price as Straight Talk. I WOULD GIVE 0 STARS IF IT WAS AN OPTION.

I ordered this card as part of a three-component deal from the seller - a phone, a microSD card and this airtime card. I received this item three days in advance of the other two because it was shipped directly from the seller and the phone and SD card were shipped from Amazon.The phone activated on the first try and the minutes from this purchase were credited, so I can report no problems. However, it's worth pointing out that what I got for my $5.00 shipping was a piece of paper with some instructions, and a sticker with the airtime code. No seller name, contact info, anything. I would have much preferred to get the physical card, which acts as its own proof of purchase, provides backup codes should there be any issue with the airtime code, etc. And while I accept the shipping cost as part of the deal, I think it is excessive when a simple numeric code - or plain piece of paper - could have been sent much more cheaply.Good deal, questionable delivery, potential problems if the code is in any way questioned by TracFone.

We only use our cell phone for long distance calls and a few other times when a cell phone is needed.  The one year with 400 minutes, which is 800 minutes on our phone is the most cost effective plan for us.  The card was received fast and it was easy to install.

That sums it up.  Getting it online saved some money.  It works just the same as one that would be found in  a store, which is good.  I would certainly order this again.  No complaints.

I do like my TracFone. This is a bargain. I don't use the phone a lot, but have it on me all the time for emergencies. Doesn't cost anything to have it monitoring for incoming calls. Both my wife and I have used these cards for several years. Usually one of these gets us through the year without further refills, but easy to add minutes if needed.

After receiving the card for 400 minutes and 1 year activation I typed in the code only to find that I had received a code for 200 minutes and 90 days. I called Tracfone and they verified the amount. I contacted the seller and in less than 24 hrs they corrected the error.With that type of customer service I would definitely order from them again.

I was a little worried that it might not work out but it worked great. I used the promo code that tracfone sent me on my phone and received the extra 250 min.

Not much minutes can vary.  This was far less in price than anywhere I had seen.  I would and did buy it again.

Really was handy to buy this from Amazon.  It's so cold here where I live, that I'm liking Amazon more and more - such great variety, such good service, and I don't have to leave the house to shop for much of anything.  Thank you.

Was ontime and as advertised...great!  Worried would have a quick expiration but no...as usual would not expire for a year!

Good buy without all the added fees. Delivered as promised. I purchase one of these every year for my husband's cell phone.

I've been buying Tracfone cards for the last several years and this was, by far, the best price I've found on the 1 year card -- ever!  What's more -- the shipping was FREE!  The cards arrived within days and were easily loaded without any problem whatsoever.  I will certainy price them at Amazon.com next year when my renewal time comes up again!  Thanks!

This was a fairly standard Tracfone minute and service card. Always nice to have double minutes on my phone. No problems

Ordered this from Valley Mac and a true tracfone card was delivered through the US mail. $4.99 is a bit high for shipping something that can go into a regular envelope but regardless this is still a great deal. Plus with double minutes and an extra 250 minutes with a current promo code how can anyone complain about one year of service with 1050 minutes for less than 100 dollars?

I PURCHASED THIS ONE YEAR SERVICE BECAUSE I THINK THIS IS THE BEST VALUE FOR MY MONEY.  I HAVE ANENTIRE YEAR AND LOTS OF MINUTES, TOO.  PLENTY OF TIME TO TALK TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS.

I ordered this deal when the price dropped about $25 from the week before.  It was sold by Shopcell Deals, fulfilled by Amazon.  I do not understand the negative reviews out there about this seller and/or this product.  This is the fourth or fifth card bought by either me or my girlfriend or my dad.  At no time have we had an issue except the time when my dad applied the new card to a wrong number.  Tracfone straightened it all out, so no problem.  With this order, rather than receiving an actual retail card, I got a boilerplate letter with a code number on a sticker at the bottom.  I was a little skeptical, but I found a 250 minute promo code, went to Tracfone online, and followed the instructions to active and enter the promo code.  In a matter of about six seconds, my phone alerted me the activation was sucessful.  All 1050 minutes were applied to my phone along with the one year extension.  It couldn't have been easier.  This was a bargain from Amazon - no tax, no extra fees, free shipping, and a lower up front price.  This was a no-brainer.

Annual payment for enough minutes for one year (hopefully), minutes were doubled, and am light user of my cell phone.

I've had my Tracfone for 6 years, and have gotten this card for at least the last 3 years.  This is the best price that I've gotten so far.  I plan to get one for my brother's birthday.  This is a great value!

We're not big cell phone users but do have phones in the car for emergencies and to quickly check if anything is needed while we're out, or to discuss plans for the evening.While there is still a cheaper way to have that emergency phone available, Tracfone is certainly one of the cheaper ways to have mobile communications available.  The coverage and dependability has been very good for me in my area, and only having to remember once a year to keep things rolling along is nice.Make sure to take advantage of any discounted pricing you can find.  The card works just as good as a full retail-priced one, and you can still enter promo codes for bonus minutes too.

It's hard to &#34;rate&#34; a minutes card - it works as indicated, that's about it.  Regarding Tracfone, however, I can say more.  I refuse to enter in to a cell phone contract; Tracfone ensures I don't have to.  I'm not a &#34;phone&#34; person but want to have a cell phone available when we travel.  Tracfone is great for that.  I prefer to buy the 1 year cards because they provide the most service days, but I never use up all the minutes.  My last phone had double minutes for life; my current phone has triple minutes for life.  If you are in the market for a prepaid phone, be sure to look for either a double or triple (preferably) minutes  for life phone - it will be well worth it.

I used my Tracfone lightly--that's why I own a Tracfone.So these cards are perfect!And at $89, a steal!BTW--when buying new minutes, I find it much easier to use a card. Trust me on this, you will too.The Hipster gives it a Thumbs Up!UPDATE---And *then* they dropped it to $79.99!WOO-HOO! :)

I never received my phone card. I never received a response to my email. I ordered this on December 17, was supposed to arrive before Jan 6. Seller provided phony tracking number to amazon. Hopefully amazon will resolve this issue, as I have filed a claim.

Look online for tracfone discount codes.  You should always be able to get AT LEAST 200 additional free minutes with purchase of a 1-year card.  It's a great value if you don't use your phone too heavily (i.e. - if you don't burn through your yearly minutes in the first month).  And no contract is always a plus.

quick delivery and worked with no problems at all - thank you - this is a perfect solution for my 87-year old mother.  She'll never use all these minutes in a year.

I order four 1 year cards at $74.99 each.When I received the package the letter said I received all four of them. I waited for the other three.You still had three on website that you were selling for $84.99?

I ordered 2 of these cards.  They arrived as promised.  Activated the cards/No problems.  This a far better price that any store, or even Tracfone's website.  When I need more time, I will be back!!

I'm of an age where I feel no need to &#34;stay connected&#34; or use my cellphone as an internet appliance, so Tracfone works great for me. I get automatic double minutes, bonus minutes for registering online, and unused minutes roll over. I get a phone that fills all of my needs for about $7/mo. Getting the cards from Amazon saves anywhere from $20 to $40 on a one year card versus buying it in a store..

The 1-year card is very cost-effective and the installation of minutes to my tracfone account went very smoothly and quickly.  I would highly recommend this card to some one who does not use a great amount airtime but just needs the maximum time to service end date.

It is as advertised and I like it. Plan to buy another one when this one has finally run out.

Cheaper than buying from tracfone. I have been using tracfone for quite a few years and this is the first time I have used this vendor to buy minutes. No problems, PIN worked fine, got double minutes on my phone plus bonus minutes using a promo code.BTW they just send you a sheet of paper with the PIN on it!

it was exactly what i expected. i get one year of service and since i bought my tracfone with triple minutes i received 1200 minutes.i only use my phone when traveling so overall this is perfect.

Great price, easy to use, and especially good when used with Tracfone codes for extra minutes!  I will buy here again.

loved the price here at Amazon and tracfone cannot be beat for price and no contract hassles. Problem was in rubbing off I deleted some digits. Amazon was resposive but I had to make and send copies of the card and reciept back to Tracfone to get  the time reinstalled. Much easier to have it done over the phone with the coupon discount.

Buying these on amazon is a much better deal than buying them anywhere else. I love the year card because it's a cheaper deal per minute than any of the other cards. It's never fun to wait, but if you order it a while before you run out of minutes then you'll be fine!

I have always bought tracfone cards from amazon. They have the best price. When I opened my package I was surprised to see that the card was not in it but just a paper with a code to redeem my minutes. I was not too happy about this. What if I had bought this for a gift like I have done in the past. I expect the card!! It all worked out fine though. Thankfully I was able to get my minutes and the year without any trouble but my first thought was that I was ripped off. I think Amazon should make sure the sellers send the full card from now on, not just a piece of paper saying that you bought one.

As usual this card arrived as a gift early and on time. It was used on the LG optimus Android phone. That phone gives you triple minutes so I got 1 year of active service and 3 x 400= 1200 minutes. No contracts and a year of use is a good deal in my book. In this area my phone works off of the Verizon towers.  I am very pleased with tracfone.

I bought a picture/text messaging phone (Samsung T404G) through Straight Talk over a week ago.  Tech Support is a joke...worse than anything out there.  My picture messaging has never worked.  I like the phone if it could do what it is supposed to do.  I'm ticked off because I've wasted over 3 hours of my personal ATT cell phone on hold or talking to idiots who sold me the Tracfone.  Either it works or it doesn't...and they keep coming up with excuses and finally told me that the Engineering dept. they filed my ticket under DIDN'T REALLY EXIST.Who are these people????  Trash!!!

I dropped my land line and only use trac phone now.  I have to renew in coming months.  I will be looking for another great deal.

The price is right, shipping was great.  Would recommend this highly.  Also make sure you find a promo code to get additional minutes.

I'm very happy with the TracFone 400 minute phone card. Saving 10% or more off TracFone's regular price is great.

Ordered another year of service from this seller and got an envelop with the serial key just a couple days later.  I popped that code in online and added a bonus code I found off the net that got not only got me triple minutes for the phone but another 250 bonus minutes and the phone is now got another year of service.  That comes to under 7 bucks a month.  Literally less than 30 seconds after submitting the code online, the phone was reprovisioned.  Short of living off tax payer entitlements for a free phone, this is probably one of the best deals per minute for a private citizen who wants to be self-reliant.

Good price if you don't plan to use a lot of minutes on your phone.  I put this onto a triple minute tracfone, so I have 1200 minutes with this card.  I also looked up a tracfone promo code for an additional 250 free minutes with a 1-yr card, so I would suggest searching for a promo code to use...free minutes are always a good thing!

My husband and I both have tracfones, so ordering time in this way is a good way for us.  Gets shipped right to our mailbox and is a good price.  It's a new brainier.

the 1 year service plan & 400mins.(tripled) provide me w/ a year of cell service for less than $10 a month. arrived promptly and was easy to activate.

I like buying for the whole year as I don't have to worry about my phone.  I do not use my phone all that much and this card is perfect.

Discounts on cards are hard to find. Card worked as it should (purchased from CardArt, fulfilled by Amazon). Minutes doubled on my phone, plus I found a 300 minute promo code giving me 1100 total. What a deal!I've been a TracFone user for many years and I have nothing but praise for them. Coverage is excellent in my area (North Jersey) and when I travel. Customer service has always been courteous and helpful (even when correcting my goofs). I think TracFone is the most straight forward and flexible of all the prepaid plans. It's also amongst the least expensive - less than $7 a month (if you don't chat much) using 60 minute / 90 day cards. Using an annual card is a little more expensive, but you get more minutes & 5 extra days of service, plus you only have to recharge once a year.I highly recommend TracFone. My only advice to new customers is to buy a phone with Double Minutes.

The tracfone 1 year of service & 400 minutes was a Christmas gift.He said it is the only kind he will use.

Received item Quick and met my expectations. actually purchased a second card for my dad.We're set for the year. No worries now.

I received a copy of a card!!! The code didn't work!!! I did get a refund from them, but it was all a waste of time. I ended up buying my minutes from tracfone.

I have had Tracfone Service for 9 years and love it. It's very inexpensive for people who aren't big cell phone users. I pay $99.88 for a one year service card and I'm good to go for one year. Unused minutes are carried over to the next year. I buy a new Tracfone phone about every 3 years which usually costs about $49.99. Most phones allow for double or triple minutes of the card. Not all phones work in all areas, so before you buy a phone, go to the Tracfone website and enter your zip code. It's nice that I don't have to be locked into an expensive plan that I don't need!

I just purchased the Tracfone LG 420g (a great phone) after reading the reviews at Amazon. Now to buy the time and service, I looked for the right solution for my situation and chose the one year service with 400 minutes and am completely satisfied. With the phone I bought it gave me double minutes... that's 800 plus bonus of 200 and 20 minuets for free... 1020 minutes total. I won't know if I will need to buy more minutes until I run out but so far I am very happy with my choice. I did learn not to activate the voice mail... at least that's my opinion because advertisers can eat up your minuets and people who leave a message like "couldn't get you on your phone"... like you needed to hear that... right? Great purchase from Amazon.

I've been on Trac-phone for about 10 years now (still using the same Nokia phone). If all you need is a phone that you can talk on and receive calls once in awhile they have the best coverage at, what I think is, the lowest price. Ten cents a minute translates into about $10 per month at my usage rate. Including the cost of the phone.

This item came as described and worked great.  It even arrived faster than expected.  Thank you for the fast and excellent service!

Tracfone themselves offers better deals with bonus minutes, for the same price, and they appear instantly on your phone without the hassle of dealing with a third party.

Have had a terrible experience with Trackfone.  After activating the phone as instructed, I could not receive incoming calls.  Tried to call tech support, had to tell the whole story several times, was put on hold twice and hung up on twice.  This was after spending more than a half hour total on hold.  Also, I received an automated sales pitch from Tracfone on my WORK number.  Totally unaccepable and it got me in trouble at my job.  So steer clear of Tracphone!

it is the best for the price if you like to have a smart phone this is the best way to go

This card is exactly the same as what you'd buy elsewhere, but it's less expensive here. It's just that simple.

This is one sweet deal you but this and for 1 year you have cell phone service. Is this perfect no, ios this for everybody no but hey it works for me. So i ma one satified customer.

Card arrived quickly, adding the minutes via the ADD MINUTES function on my phone went smoothly. I saved about 20 dollars compared to  the price offered by Tracfone on their site.

I use the one year service on my tracfone.  I like to have an extra phone to use for emergencies and the tracfone service is perfect.  It is cheap and so easy to add to the phone.  The seller was excellent, I ordered the one year service card on Sunday and it was delivered the next Wednesday.  Very simple to add the airtime to my phone, just type in the 15 digit number, press ok and within seconds the minutes have been added to the phone.  Also, any minutes that the phone has left over are added to the new minutes.  Love it!!  Couldn't be easier.

what can be said? It works. A lot cheaper than in stores. I do notice that the price has gone up. Best to buy before it goes up even more.

Be sure to check your cost in cents per per minute to see if this is cost effective. We  found after the first year or so it is more cost effective to buy 90 minute cards. 3 cents per min. less.  We like the TracFones as long as we don't need what they call 'customer care'. This has never worked for us.  Mike

I just bought a Virgin Mobile Account for my son, who often goes weeks without using his phone. With the one year plan, I don't have to worry about the minutes expiring while the phone lies unused in his sock drawer; and since the phone has triple minutes, I spent $79.00 and ended up with a total 1400 minutes after entering the card pin number and promotional code for an additional 200 minutes.  This will probably be enough to last him for the entire year. It sure beats the $19.99/month we were spending to include him on our Sprint Family Plan.

Tracfone service = BIG savings each month which really add up. I saved over $800 this past year since switching to prepaid and that makes such a difference since I'm paying my own rent up here in college. I love ordering things from amazon - they are so efficient and have wonderful customer service. Def give this product a thumbs up and a reccommendation. The +400 minutes are really great too :)

The prepaid card has good price, and shipment was fast, to add time to my phone was easy.  I recommend purchasing the card online.

Great bargain.  I also used a promo code I found on the website to add 250 minutes when I added the 1 year of airtime.

Tracfone is very cheap for the person who does not have a lot of time to talk. The amazon sells Tracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutes Card at very low price. I  am not talking too much, getting a right plan and phone card.

This the best deal I have found for my needs. If you want unlimited text and data this is not for you. I was spending $98  month for things I did not use. Now I spend that much for a year of service.

I'm not much of a phone user, but since the demise of public pay phones, having a method of contacting assistance (when off working alone or in case of a vehicle breakdown) having a minimal phone availability seems appropriate for me.Tracfone has fulfilled this need for me remarkably well, and at less than$10 a month it is the least expensive solution I have been able to find.

As someone who is not glued to their phone but likes to carry one "just in case," I find the Tracfone service more than adequate for my needs.  Plus, what's not to like about a yearly cellphone bill that's less than a hundred dollars?  I purchased my "triple minute" phone just about a year ago, so I came here to buy my first "One Year" airtime card to refill minutes and service days.  I got a great price from Shopcelldeals, and prompt shipping.  For the record, I received the actual green and blue Tracfone card as depicted.Adding the airtime card was simple to do from my Tracfone, using the "Add Airtime" button under the "Prepaid" section.  My phone automatically tripled the 400 minutes to 1200, and I also used a bonus code that I found on the internet for an additional 250 minutes, totaling 1450 minutes added.  It also rolled over my existing 1139 minutes (told you I am not glued to my phone!). Best of all, unlike those other "no contract" cellphone carriers who start your service time from the date you enter the card, Tracfone added the service date to the end of my current service date.  I entered my new card with 22 days service remaining, and now I have 387 days service.  I was so please that I was not robbed of my 22 remaining days, the way those other cellphone carriers rob you.  Kudos to Tracfone for being fair and honest.  I'll be keeping my Tracfone service for a long time to come!

With the 1200 minutes that come with the 1 year service and the carried over minutes from the old phones these cards will keep us in business for over a year.

Excellent price with triple minutes works perfect for my needs.Good service with Tracfone when you persist.  The technicians are very good.Be prepared to hold and wait when you utilize the Tracfone services.  An average call takes over 1 hour if you have some complicated transactions.

i'm happy with the phone & service.

I always try to buy a 1 yr. card for the number of mins and the length of service. Don't use the phone a lot so this is always the best deal for me. I bought a new phone that now triples the mins I get with each card so now each time I get a card I will get so much more for my money. Getting the card on this site is so much better that going to the store and paying more for it. Do recommend.

The Tracfone  filled  my expectations.  It is easy to use and well within my budget.  I have already referred it to a member of my family.

Very good buy.  I have always had Tracfone.  Would not have any other phone right now.Have always found the cards on Amazon at a good price.  Would buy again.

I had trouble adding my card to my phone due to a problem between my phone and tracfone.  Shopcell Deals helped me through the situation until my minutes were successfully added.  I would give them more than five stars, if possible.  They took on a burden that was not theirs until I was satisfied.

Card is just what we need. It allows us to keep our phone number all the time. Great for Canadians like us.

If you are not one that lives on your cell phone, to me tracfone is the way to go and this card provides a good value to get a good amount of minutes on a triple minutes tracfone.

THESE SAVE ME THE HASSLE OF GOING AND BUYING MINUTES ALL THE TIME..  I HAVE ENOUGH MINUTES TO LAST ME A YEAR AND THEN SOME.. ORDER AND ACTIVATE AND YOUR DONE.. FAST AND EAST..  I WOULD RECOMMEND

Worked like a charm. Can't beat the price. Tracfone is the best way to go, if you don't have to be connected 100% of the time.

I was glad that I had read the other reviews on this product, as they were correct about receiving a printed out piece of paper with a code (it really LOOKS bogus). I punched in the code numbers, along with a bonus minute's code I had gotten off of the TracFone website, and instantly received my minutes. Very satisfied with price, quick shipping (only 2 days), and ease of use.

The one year voucher arrived on time.  I added it to my phone.  No problems, just a savings over purchasing it from Tracfone or a local retailer.

That's a great deal.  I bought four.  One for myself, another for my husband.  Two for my daughters.  Everyone was pleased.

Followed the easy instructions and voila, I had a year of service and triple minutes added to my LG840.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with my phone and the source for adding minutes was flawless.  It came in the mail in just a few days.

I received the phone card promptly.  And it was as advertised.  The instructions were very clear and the product was easy to use.  I would buy again from this vendor.

I got mine with from CardArt with Amazon fulfillment. Added the minutes on the phone from the Tracfone web site with no issues. I'm glad I looked to see if Amazon had the cards as I saved about $25.00 on the card.A comment on Tracfone service: We've been very pleased with our Tracfones. Tracfone uses the T-Mobile network (which has very good coverage) in our area. We've used the phones all over the country without problems. I think it's a great low cost deal for people that don't need a large amount of minutes or data. We did have issues with the phones updating (adding minutes and time) when we had a monthly family value plan (which resulted in several lengthy phone calls with Tracfone customer service), but buying the one year cards has resolved that (at a lower cost). Tracfone customer service has always been professional and helpful, but sometimes difficult to understand.02/16/2012 Update: I bought a second card from CardArt for our second Tracfone. It worked just as well as the card I had purchased earlier. I did have some trouble applying the time to the phone, but I was able to use the online self-help feature on the Tracfone website to resolve the issue (saving a phone call to Tracfone customer service).

I LOVE my tracfone and this service. I could get a contracted phone BUT I do not believe in paying for what you dont use.  I bought this along with the triple minute LG 840G phone and I am really pleased with both. I am set for over a year now. I figured out that my cell service works out to about 7.00 per month with this card and a triple X minutes phone. Of course I do not walk around with my cell phone GLUED to my ear like alot of people do

I love the price and get this fairly soon but why not email us the code / product? Obviously anyone with atrazine likes to save their pennies!Just a thought.

Love this card the minutes for a year save the hassle of re adding minutes every month and with the triple minute phone it's a great deal

800 minutes is all I need in a year.I save so much money compared tomy friends with their smart phones.

I applied my pin number and instead of receiving 400 minutes I got 200. Tracfone , itself would not help me.  So, really, I saved nothing cost wise.

recieved card earlier than expected. scratched card entered 15 pin code then entered promo code  press ok . told to leave phone on waited for about 10 seconds and got my 400 minutes plus triple minutes plus 200 bonus minutes...  1500 minutes total, plus added 365 more days to service days ..  now have 2711.60 minutes plus 748 service days left. bought card for 74.99$ comes to about 6.50 a month for a cell phone service. where can you get a better deal. thanks amazon for saving me a bundle..

This works amazingly well. Buy the card from Amazon. You will receive a rather nondescript piece of paper by Priority Mail which you may have to sign for. Then search the web for the best promo code that applies to a 400 minute card. The one I found gave 250 minutes bonus.  When you add the minutes via the phone web site, just fill in the number you receive from Amazon and the discount code you have found on the web and your minutes are added instantly. I have a double minute phone so I got double the minutes (400X2) plus a bonus of 250, so I received 1050 minutes from the card. Also, you save the sales tax on the minutes by buying from Amazon instead of direct.

Hi Everyone!Being retired I had to save where I could.  While working I used between six to eight hundred minutes a month.  Now retired I am using about a thousand minutes a year.  Tracfone is the answer for me.Thanks for the better than standard annual price offer, Amazon!

I went w/ the tracfone because I had one before and it had REALLY great reception all over WI.  Now I can't even get good reception in my home!  Wish I would've gone w/ some other carrier, but thankfully I use it mostly for texting anyways.  Also, they didn't tell me ahead of time that I couldn't use it for data or web access from my home area!! So the service area has really changed from my last tracfone 18 months ago.

Tracfone claims bought on their website and on the phone their cell service works in my area. After purchasing this with their phone I learned their service does not work in my area. When I called, I got no where fast.

This is a great deal for a tracfone.  I buy one of these cards every year and my phone is never shut off and I keep the same number and don't have to keep buying minutes every 3 months to keep the same number and never get shut off.

This seemed too good to be true and I hesitated on buying this but with all the good reviews and fulfillment by Amazon I went ahead. So glad I did. Delivery was fast and I added the airtime to my phone in less than 5 min on the tracfone website. A great deal for only about $6.25/mo!! Be sure to search for promo codes first. I found one for 250 bonus minutes which means I added 650 total minutes. I'm not a heavy user, so if I have minutes leftover at the end of the year I will buy tracfone's monthly service extension (time only, no minutes) for less than $10/mo.

Unlike other reviewers, I did get a card, not a piece of paper.  Although, that doesn't matter to me.  All I need is the PIN to enter online and get my minutes.Money does matter to me, and for fifteen dollars less, as long as I can wait a few days, I can get the same amount of minutes as I can on Tracfone's website.  A fifteen dollar saving is worth five stars, but, since they charge five bucks to mail a card, a ten dollar saving is only worth four stars.Do yourself a favor, too, and check Tracphone's website for promotions before you redeem the minutes online.  I got a code from Tracfone for an extra 250 minutes.  The code was 56036, and is good until May 31, 2013.  They'll only double or triple the 400 minutes, and added the 250 on top.

This card is $25 MORE expensive at Tracfone.com!  It's very easy to load the minutes onto your phone.  It literally took me less than a minute to type in the pin.  I'm a new Tracfone user...first phone & first time loading minutes.  Highly recommend.

Kudos to shopcell deals for prompt shipping. The PIN number came affixed to an instruction sheet on how to add minutes. Went to the Tracfone website to complete the transaction and everything went just fine.

Activated the card in September. Was supposed to be 12 months. In 5 months the term ran out! So I had to buy more time and days or we would lose all the minutes!

This is the first time I have ordered a Tracfone card from Amazon or anyplace else.  I have been buying cards from one of the local stores, Wal-Mart or Target.  When I saw the price at $79.00, I decided to try it.  I almost chickened out and actually tried to cancel the order but it was too late.  Well, I got the card today and went to Tracfone's website and added the pin code and in less than two minutes it was added to my phone.  I will continue to look for bargain prices here for my phone, although with over a 1000 minutes (I have double minutes) on my phone now, I'm not sure how soon I will need another card.

I've been using Tracfone for six years now, and I am pleased with it in every way.  The voice quality has always been good, but with the new LG 500 I now use it is really outstanding.  I have normal senescent hearing loss, and I have problems with even our landline at home, but with my Tracfone the problem is almost always the phone of the other party.I live in Montana, and we don't have the internet feature available, but I doubt if I'd use it that much anyway.  The coverage area here, by the way, is as good or better than the regular carriers.  The one unusual Tracfone feature that I make regular use of is the international calling access number, which makes it the cost to make calls to our friends in Germany and Mexico as it does to call a neighbor. The problem in Mexico is that our friends are all rural folk with almost no landlines, and so the Tracfone international access doesn't work.  But you can get an access number in Mexico that people there can use to call you at local rates (which are unfortunately expensive, thanks to a near monopoly of Telcel, which is also owned by Tracfone's parent company America Movil). It works well and calls in my experience go right through.This year I've used about 1000 minutes of airtime, which I've now gotten--thanks to these discounted cards--for $75, about what most folks I know pay per month for cell service. I notice that in areas (not mine unfortunately) Tracfone now offers triple minute phones whereas mine is a mere double minute phone.I have used their customer service to resolve a few problems or get help and generally their people are pretty good.  They are all over the place: Canada, Belize, the Caribbean and sometimes you have to work through the varous Englishes.  I've also tried their Spanish-language CS just to see how it works.  I think they're all Mexicans (unsurprisingly) so the accents are not a problem (if you're used to Mexican Spanish, of course) but they generally are o.k. too.

They no longer even send an airtime card with this offer.  I received a priority mail envelope that contained 1 sheet of paper.  That paper had a sticker with a PIN on it.  Why this can't be e-mailed to me I'll never know.

I chose this card so that my  minutes and year were taken care of and I do not have to buy them every month in order for my account to stay active.  I had priced the same card at Walmart and it was cheaper and on sale here.  My phone triples the minutes I purchase, so this is a very good deal for me.  I text most of the time which is cheaper than talking, so these minutes will last me a long time.  But in the event they run out  I can purchase more, but my year is already activated and I do not have to worry about my phone being deactivated for another whole year.

We have always used Tracfone,for over ten years and it always met our expectations !!  I would recommend to anyone!

First time I purchased a card online.I had no problem adding minutes to my phone.It doubled my minutes as well.ThanksMaxine

These tracfone minutes were the cheapest i could find at the time. Prompt delivery and tracfone works fine for me since i don't use very many minutes. My phone has double minutes for life. I paid $84.99 plus $4.99 shipping.

Instead of receiving an actual Tracfone card as pictured, I was sent a printed page with instructions and a PIN number.  I was a bit skeptical but the PIN number worked perfectly and added the minutes to my phone the same as would the number off the back of a card.  Don't know why they can't just e-mail out the PIN-I guess they need to justify that shipping charge, huh?

I just bought this as a spare phone for my parents and it's amazing that you can literally get a phone and a full year of service for ~$110. There are no contracts, no bills, nothing. My parents love the phone in that it's a basic phone and they get service everywhere they seem to be in the US. The set is incredibly easy and it's really convenient that you can buy recharge cards online or in stores like Ralphs, gas stations, etc. I actually am so impressed with the service that I might consider switching to Tracfone to save money!

The card to update my Tracfone wasn't received so I called about two weeks later at 7pm, I believe, to leave a message for some help.  I actually got a live call back within about 30 to 40 minutes after that.  Surprise!  The gentleman was very friendly and remedied my situation immediately with an instant fix.  He stayed with me on the lan line while I was updating the Tracfone to make sure everything would work.  A very welcome help in a time when service is often shunned.  Thank you.

This is $15 cheaper than at Wal-Mart. Had no problems adding the minutes to my phone with the provided code.

400 minutes good for one year, just like it says on the label.  Saved $10 on a $100 purchase.  I'm perfectly happy.

For $92.99 + $4.56 shipping, I saved $5 compared to buy it from Tracfone.  Once the payment process is complete, A email was sent to me from the Refill Shop.  I emailed my phone # back and the service time and minutes were added to my phone in minutes.  The process was easy and saved some money.  A very good deal.

The card was delivered in a timely manor. Card installed with a phone call to TracFone including Bonus min. This card also extended the 200 min. I had, from 90 days to 445 days.The whole procedure took less than 5 min.

Great for people who do not talk much on the phone.  This card will last me all year on a double minute phone.

Easy, Cheap, and Convenient!  Purchasing a one-year service card for Tracfone is convenient and the price is cheaper than buying a card quarterly.  Strongly recommend.

We bought two of these with two trac phones and LOVE them...great place to order them from because they are a bit cheaper than in the stores and they were delivered promptly.  What a wonderful alternative to the expensive DRoid or iPhone...my kids love them and it costs me less when I buy the one year of service with each phone...with triple minutes. CAn't beat it. The phone keeps track of how many minutes are left so my kids know how much they have left....they manage the minutes themselves as I only buy them enough for one year or they have to get another card themselves.  It is much more affordable than Droid.

worked well but time consuming to load on the phone.  customer service was super helpful but nothing an adult with mental challenges could do alone.

The Tracfone I purchased offered triple minutes for the life of the phone.  Hot dog!  1,200 Minutes for a year of service.  I'm not big on chatting on the phone, but it's nice to know that when I do use the phone, I will have lots and lots of minutes to cover any possible conversation.  Also, the ability to upload the minutes on the Tracfone website was very easy even for me.  This service has saved me a lot of money!

we have been with tracfone for 5 years and love it, and sometimes you can get promotions. for extra time, i have a trible min phone so for every min . i get three, texts message are only a 1/3 of a min. works for me and my husband. susan

Product came in before we expected.  Vendor offered her assistance in getting it set up (we didn't need it, but it was great to have that as a back up).

This was a little cheaper than buying from a store or from tracfone.com.  Item arrived quickly, it was not a card but just the activation code but included were directions on how to use it if activating from the phone, or activating online.  It could not have been any more simple and I will be using this as an alternative in the future to save a few bucks.I would recommend this to anyone who is a Tracfone user.

It worked great.  I got double minutes with my phone.  I also had a code for bonus minutes which worked great!

This is a great deal, since it's the same product you buy at Tracfone or at the store and you save a lot. The delivery was excellent too. I'd recommend itto anyone, who wants uninterrupted service for a year or more.

What can you say?  It's a phone card.  Make it better by buying a phone that has triple minutes then it becomes an awesome value!

I bought my 84 year old Dad a Tracfone because he still drives and I wanted him to have a phone in the car in case anything happened while he was out.  We researched the options for airtime and decided on the 1 year card so that we would only have to buy it once a year.  The included minutes are more than plenty for him and it's super easy to get the new cards installed.  This is our second one, and it gives me peace of mind without constant worry about renewing the airtime.  If the minutes are enough for your needs, a year at a time is the way to go.

Along with the 1 year and 400 minutes I was expecting the triple minutes to register (1200) which was supposed to be programmed into my existing phone and all is registered was 1040 minutes along with the remaining minutes and time I had on my prepaid phone.

Worst service in the world.  Have had it for years but it has really fallen off the edge of the world this year.  Have literally spent months trying to straighten out my activation date.  Have traveled the world by phone with a variety of "customer service representatives", none of whom were very easy to understand, on phone lines that broke up & added another dimension of garble. Bottom line, they wasted my time, did not help at all & I am looking for another provider.Also, I thought that when you requested being transferred to a USA help desk they had to transfer...these people said they had no way to do that.

(i would give it negative 10 stars, but one star is the lowest rating at Amazon)In short, here is my summary after 10 years:1.The customer service non-existent:  they take your money and run, you are on your own after that.  if you call customer service - brace yourself for at least 30 min waiting time.2.The phones are flimsy. They feel cheap and they look cheap.3.I've got huge number of unknown incoming calls (which were burning my airtime).  Sometimes in the middle of the night.4.Cost of call per minute is higher than any other carrier.5.If you want to roll over your unused minutes you have to keep buying more airtime - which is essentially a rolling contract -  more expensive than VZ or ATT.6.Miniscule pool of phone numbers to select from (i could choose from only one!)7.They can close the shop at any given moment - and you'll pick up the loss.  They don't care about you anyways!8.Terrible connection.  Phone connects sporadically, sometimes does not connect the call at all.I had this phone for emergencies for my mom, and I have a contract with Verizon.  When you call Verizon they work with you to solve the problem.  When you call Tracfone - they don't give a "1234" about your problem, they don't even ATTEMPT to solve the problem!!!Before dealing with tracfone ask yourself:  if they treat like "1234" a customer who was buying from them for a decade, how will they treat you?PS. BTW, when i callded tracfone with a problme, they essentially told me that they have company policies, and they don't care about the customers or long term profits (only short term).  I was shocked! What a myopic vision: in the current economy a company dependent on month-to-month sales would severe 10 year long customer relationship!

I received my PIN number in the mail within 4 days and used it on Tracfones website. Got my 1 year service and triple minutes for life of 1200 minutes. Plus I used a promo code and got an additional 250 bonus minutes for a total of 1450 minutes! That's 120 minutes a month, (which is sufficient for me) for about $7.08 a month, I call that a great deal!

Card was what I wanted but taking almost 2 weeks to ship it was a little long (Think Pony Express?)1

Not much to say on this.  The price was the best anywhere, it arrived like in 2 days!!!, and this is exactly what we needed.  Super deal.

I don't use a cell phone often, so I thought tracfone would be ideal. And it is -- UNTIL it is time to add airtime. I added airtime at the tracfone website today only to be told to call customer service. In order to actually receive the airtime on my phone, customer service had to provide me with SIX codes of 28 numbers each! And, the help desk is outsourced! Tracfone is cheap, but you get what you pay for! Customer service... well, sucks!

Bought this for my Tracfone S425G (triple minutes for life phone).  Entered code, minutes came through tripled (1200 minutes 365 days) as it should.  No frills plain white paper with code printed on it.  I'll take the 10 dollar discount for that disposable no frills  packaging any day.

Receive the code and it work great, Since I only buy one a year I looking forward to getting one next year.

Great plan for the price!  Those who use their cell phones with economy, this is for you!  Especially when Tracfone offer a double or triple minutes for the life of most of their cell phones.

I still have a problem with return of overcharge by Tracfone.  TracFone kept charging me a monthly rate after activating my one-year card.

I  was pleased  with all the products that I received from AmazonThe  Tracfone  card was a real bargin  I am pleased

I ordered the card from shopcelldeals.  The card came promptly (it's actually a piece of paper with your PIN number).  I went to the tracfone website and I saw the promotion bonus 250 mins when adding a 400 min/1 year card.  My phone triples minutes automatically, so I actually received 1450 minutes for the full year!The card was for sale at $85 plus $4.99 shipping.  (I think 4.99 for shipping a single piece of paper is silly, but the great deal pays for it)I'm happy to pay $90 a year for basic cellphone service.  I rarely use it and the minutes do roll over! I feel sorry for the people who pay 40-100 a month for their fancy iphone

This seller has this card at basically 25.00 off the usual 100.00 price tag in the store. Most all of you know that they are priced at that in the stores so it's not much to review. Simply a great buy, shipping from this seller although not light speed was reasonable.

have been a loyal Tracfone customer for over 7 years , but recently I lost over 1100 minutes . When call customer service I was transferred to Philippine operator Mr. Richard that was not helpful to return my hard earn minutes . Tracfone sends you texts telling you may lose phone # ,but not about may lose minutes after 60 days . Called Miami 800-876-5753 and said it could not give it back ,OVER 1100 MINUTES GONE FOREVER , they said is on the TERMS AND CONDITIONS , but when scroll down on my ipad to it  , only showed up to clause #1 and this is on CLAUSE # 9 which you need to be guided to get there . FIRST you need Tracfone home page , SECOND go to FAQs under support , THIRD press general information and  under will pop a drop down , FOURTH press terms and conditions of service , FIFTH press Q: What are the TracFone terms and conditions of service , SIXTH press A: To read TracFone's Terms and Conditions of Service , please click here . FINALLY . Unless you have unlimited time on your hand beware of this hidden clause .I give it a one rating because they where not able to resolve my issue . It's your money you decide .

Works like a champ. Had no issues and my minutes doubled with the phone we purchased last year. Highly recommend the seller.

I received the card very fast in a secured package. I had no problem what so ever adding the minutes into my phone. I got double minutes plus extra 200 by using appropriate, promotional code. I'll buy again. Thanks!

meets all my needs which are small, my Tracfone also doubles the minutes, all I need for a full year.

I bought Track Phone because I did not want to pay so much for minutes.  First time I bought a track phone and put double minutes on it.  I did not realize that I didn't have to go get another double minutes after a year later.  All you need to do is just put a 1 year plan for 99 dollars plus tax currently in 2014.  I actually bought another phone for in case of emergency.  Here are the things I don't like about Track Phone.1.  Customer Service is in India, so you may get someone who has thick accent or don't understand your problem.2.  Two of my charger died on me within only months of purchase.3.  My one phone don't have a cover lid, so when it is in my coat pocket and rubs against something, it goes to the text message section or dials a number so my minutes get deducted.  For a while Track Phone stopped producing flip-phones.4.  Lot of the Track Phones text message section has the old lay-outs.5.  Sometimes the reception at my place or anywhere else is great, but lately both of my phones are getting bad receptions. People's voice sounds mumbled and it seems far away.

On some occasions, upon purchasing new prepaid minutes or when transferring prepaid minutes to a new phone, TracFone has shortchanged me. In one case, less than half of the minutes purchased appeared on my phone. When I called their customer service, they made several more mistakes, put me on hold several times, transferred me to others within their organization, etc., .... all of this on my dime. Because I had used my TracFone to make the call to their customer service, they were using up my prepaid minutes to correct their own mistakes. They dragged out the calls, using up even more of my prepaid minutes. When I asked them to reinstate the minutes they used up on the call, they returned some, but not all, of them. However, it took more of my minutes for them to perform that transaction. All in all, that incident used up over an hour of my minutes. Because TracFone profits by such calls, they can increase their profitability by providing faulty equipment and faulty service. I reported this incident to the Better Business Bureau and TracFone eventually returned some of the minutes they had used up. They're not very easy to do business with.

AMAZON: THIS COMMENT IS FOR YOU ONLY, NOT FOR REPRINTING. I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU MEAN BY "COVERAGE", WHICH YOU ASKED ME TO RATE. ACCORDINGLY, I HAVE LEFT IT BLANK.  THE ONLY THING YOU SHOULD PUBLISH IS WHAT IS WRITTEN BELOW:REVIEW:My TRACFONE minutes were, within a couple of weeks, about to expire, when I decided, on a lark, to check with AMAZON, thinking it highly unlikely they would carry such an item. I was wrong and very pleasantly surprised to find I could save $30 (30%) on the TRACFONE card I was planning to purchase at one of the local drugstores, an item I have not seen for sale anywhere else. You guys are habit-forming!

Best offer I've seen and no problem loading into phones. Glad I ordered for both phones at the same time.

I have been a user of the Tracfone for many, many years.  I was so pleased to find a year's contract with such a great discount.  I hope I can continue to fine dealers like this for years to come.  The item was shipped quickly and very easy to add the years contract service along with the 400 minutes.  I will buy this again next year if it's available.

Excellent deal!  I purchased a phone with triple minutes.  The 400 minutes turned into 1200 minutes.  What a great deal.

With Double Minutes and Bonus Codes, this product has worked for me for about 9 years.They make is Semi-easy to transfer minutes from old phones to new phones and most of their phones are only a few years out of pace with the Big Guys.But, for $90 a year for service I'm willing to suffer a bit.

I have Tracfone and I'm very pleased with their service. I don't use my phone every day but it is a great way of saving on paying monthly from the other major carriers in the business. I had one of the major cell phone carriers and was paying about $50 a month and when my cell phone died I needed a new one but had to wait a few months before I was eligible for another phone. At Tracfone if your phone dies all you do is get another one. Every three months or so including this car for the new phone I'm getting it will not cost a lot for using this service. It is a great product that I would recommend to others.

The Tracfone certainly meets my expectations and then some.  It frees me from monthly bills.  And because I purchased an LG 800 phone and bought a 400 minute card I really ended up with triple minutes.  How much betteer does it get -- free maybe?? Thank you for the opportunity to make this purchase.

Buying this 1-year Tracfone card from Card-Art, one of the "Fulfillment by Amazon" vendors at a price under $70 with free S&H; simply can't be beat. It arrived very quickly and as expected, the code added a year and 800 minutes (I'm another of the Double Minutes for Life Tracfone folks) with no problems at all.As at least one other reviewer noted, we're talking about our rating of the 1-year Tracfone card and the vendor at Amazon from which we bought it. The negative reviews are from folks who don't like Tracfone. Well, duh!, why would someone who hates Tracfones as a cell phone provider want to buy another 1-year of service which is what this card offers and what we're supposed to be reviewing.5 stars to Card Art and any other Amazon vendor who has such great customer service and low pricing![Update Feb 2012] One year later I bought my second 1-yr card, once again through Amazon Seller CartArt. As expected, the card activated as expected with no problems. The card this year was $75, $5 more than last year--but still $25 less than retail and with free shipping, it remains a great deal. Thanks, CardArt!

If you own a &#34;triple minute&#34; phone that's 100 minutes a month for a year for $90 total. Less than what most people with an Iphone spend a month. Since I don't live on my phone I wind up with minutes left over at the end of the year. At this point, 11 years, I've accumulated almost 4000 minutes.

A Tracfone 1 year of service card from retailers and tracfone.com amounts to $99.99 plus tax.The card I purchased from Amazon was $25.00 cheaper and worked perfectly.  My Tracfone phonedoubles the minutes of the card.  If you search on line for Tracfone promotional codes for extraminutes, one can even add more time.  Higher math:  400 minutes x 2 and 200 more minutes frompromotional code= 1,000 minutes (units) for $75.00 and the phone is activated for one year.Some of the newer Tracfone phones offer triple minutes with every card purchased.  That beingstated, if you text or surf the web alot on your phone, you still may be better off with a 2 yearcontract from a major carrier.  Although, Net10 is an alternative.Amazon is the greatest!

It was fast and easy!  I probably would purchase from again!  As long as the quality continues and it works for me.

Did not realize I would get the actual, physical card delivered.  Thought it would be a e-certificate.  Regardless, saved about $20.

Shockingly Quick ! Click The Four Tiny Squares Inside The Bigger Gray Square Icon ! Find Golden Coin Stack Prepaid Icon ! Then Click ! Click Again On Add Airtime ! Phone Dial Face Shows With Add Airtime At Top ! Then Type The 15 Digit Code On The Bottom Back Of The Green Card ! Not The Bar Code On The Front ! Then Click OK !...OK !! Results Were Back So Quick ! It Took Longer To Realize It Was Over ! Done ! No Struggle ! No Fight ! Stress Free ? Less Then A Minute ? Could Have Done This Earlier ! Awesome !! Thanks Amazon ! One Year Old Tracfone 840g ! The Easiest Ever ! Tight Uses Texting A Lot !

Did not want to buy extra monthly phone service until my son starts using his current TracFone more often.  He has plenty of minutes left from the past few years he has had one.  Great Deal!

This is a terrific way to save money on a cell phone. If you use your cell just for travel, an occasional phone call from out and about, and in case of emergency -- you just cannot beat a Tracfone. It's great to be able to order a refill card and have it mailed right to the house, when it's time to add minutes. Could not be easier!!

It was so easy to order and the 1 year card came so fast I was surprised. What a great value and easy way to order.

I bought this in conjunction with a &#34;triple for life&#34; phone, so it should be a bargain. This supplier can be trusted, there are reports of bogus cards, this one was legit.

Love Tracfone !  With a triple minutes phone, I'm paying about a nickel a minute, Can't beat that for cost of calling.  Plus tracfone  doesn't let scammers get $20 a minute charge  as some scams do.  Plus, you can call any land lone almost anywhere in the world at the same rate (nickel a minute on triple minutes phone)..  ONLY drawback I've hadi s that the motel in Mexico where my wife stayed on vacation would not accept my call, because they charged $1 a minute to receive calls and their computer knew they couldn't do that to a tracfone.

I bought this from CardArt (Veronica Tablet) for 75 bones and everything works.  What more can I say? I saved myself $25.

timely. as advertised. what more can i say? yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea.

1 year of service for this little money cannot beat this deal.  I use my tracphone for emergencies only and this works great for my family.

The perfect thing for someone who only uses the phone occasionally and emergencies. Bought another inexpensive Tracfone and it doubled the  minutes plus the 30 days it came with it. Over a year of service and 800 minutes for under $100. Now that's my kind of phone deal.

This /tracfone card  is fine it's just what I ordered.  I had to activate the phone by home phone because I needed help.

Bought 2 cards, one was already used and other only gave half the minutes and 4 months of airtime. I was told no refunds on cell phone cards. rip off

Tracfone is THE cell phone for anyone who refuses o have a telephone smarter than s/he is! All it does is make calls! The price is modest, and any unused minutes carry over into the next year!!

I ordered this year's worth of minutes for my son's new tracfone. I was a little worried when I received it since it was just the code printed on a piece of paper along with instructions on how to redeem it and I'm used to getting the "official" tracfone minutes card or buying the airtime online.  I was pleased to discover that the code was indeed the real deal and was redeemed just fine. I used it when setting up his service for the first time with no problems at all.

I'm thrilled since learning about the Trac-fone. My brother introduced me to the trac-fone. It has all of the fetchers that a higher price phone would have. It will always be my choice.I bought it from Amazon on line and they will treat you right. You should go there if you need anything they sell.

This product took about a week to ship and be recieved, so order it with enough time before your Tracphone expires. Once recieved it was a normal activation.

I love my Tracfone. Better yet, I love finding deals on Minutes Cards!  This was the best deal by far.  I just got a new phone after sooooo long, so I needed to start adding time.  Already having Double Minutes For Life and a 200 minute bonus code added 1000 minutes to my phone!  I ordered my card, received the tracking information the next day and received my card three days later.  I'll be back for another card and another year's time from THIS SELLER.  I'm very happy with my purchase.

Thanks so much for this offer! It was so easy to use and a great way to add phone service for a year! I have been a Tracfone customer for years, I decided to go a years worth of service to cut my cost and not have to worry about service. Thanks again!

This is a good deal if you can wait for your minutes.  It took about a week and a half to get the card.  I think that it is totally worth it.  I got in on the $69 deal, so for a savings of $30, I didn't mind the wait!

The service cost and coverage are ok. However, I have a lot of trouble getting it installed after the purchase. The TracFone people are helpful, but the installation procedure should be made more intuitive.

The first item I ever ordered from Amazon was a Tracfone 1 year card and the company never sent it.(They are no longer with Amazon).Amazon came through and sent my money back.This time I was not sure what to expect but was willing to try again. To my surprise everything worked well and the card arrived earlier than the delivery date given. There were no problems using the card. I have been very satisfied.

i lkedd tyhe price . It was great deal, I would recommendid for purchess this product can't beat the price.&#62;

Make sure you have a phone that gets triple minutes and then search the web for special codes to get extra minutes.  I found one that gave me 250 minutes extra for a total of 1450 minutes.

I have had a Tracfone for many years.  It is my safety net for emergencies. I don't chat on the cell phone, but I know it is there if I need it.  Amazon was selling the 1 year service at $20+ less than the local stores.  Of course, I ordered it.  It came to the West Coast within 3 days, I was able to enter the Pin Code within 30 seconds on the computer!  I now have a year of service from Tracfone, plenty of minutes to use and I thank Amazonfor the product.

This 1 year card with Tracfone was a great deal and saved me a lot of money, time and effort.

As always the best price and fast service on these tracfone cards.  Why go to Wal Mart of some other brick and mortar store and pay more.

I received a piece of paper with the activation code on it.  I used Tracfone's website (plus a 200 minute promo code) and had time (and bonus minutes) added to my phone in less than a minute.  It's pretty hard to beat that.

met all my needs all unused minutes  were saved  Adding minutes to my phone was easy &convenient. I recommended this service to my friends

Received item on time by mail.  There is no problem adding airtime and promo code. Within one minutes my phone was updated to 1050 minutes and 365 days of service.  I obtained promo code from tracfoneclub.com for 250 bonus minutes.

I and my wife have been Tracfone customers for several years; like many other cell phone users, we call on the cell phone only occasionaly. We really like Tracfone. You have to realize that if you get a really good deal on a cell phone and air time the customer service will be commensurate. So if you want snappy customer service, buy your cell phone from ATT&T; or Verizon -- they can afford it because you are paying a whole lot for it.I especially like the prices of Tracfone air time here on Amazon; We usually just buy a year's air time every January. Buying a year from Tracfone is about $100.00. We just paid $75.00 for a years airtime here on Amazon - that's about $6.00 plus a month - not bad - for our 2011 service.If we lose a phone, we'll just buy another one, and get it from Amazon.We were pleased with the prompt service from this retailer of airtime, the card even came with a thank you note with an email contact if there was any problem. the airtime loaded without a hitch.

I bought this 14 months ago for $90 and this year it's gone up to $100.00.  Just received a card and went to tracfonereviewer.blogspot for a good current 250 min. code in addition to the 1200 (triple) minutes this card gave.  This is my second year buying from shopcelldeals.  Adding minutes online is kinda fun when you only pay your phone bill once a year.  This seller has this item for $15 less (shipped) on ebay.  My priceblink add-on didn't catch this.My Ooma had a one time cost several years ago and I haven't paid anything for landline service since.

The one (1) year service was very easy to add to my existing time/minutes.  No problems whatsoever.  I searched everywhere and this was the lowest price available.  Would recommend to friends.

First time I've added airtime to my phone. This card worked great. Went onto tracfone website and added card code plus 200 min bonus code, and it showed up on my phone almost instantaneously. I have triple min for life on my phone, and this 400 card plus bonus 200 came out at 1400 min with no problem. Card arrived 2 days after I ordered it. Very pleased with this purchase.* 11/2012 : Just purchased and used this card for the second time. Again, easy as eating candy. Went on tracfone website, got code for 250 bonus minutes, then used the tab to add airtime with my own purchased card. With my triple min phone, in less than 5 seconds I received a notification on my phone that 1450 min and one year was added.

no contracts, just call people when i need to. only accept texts from people i like. use google voice to text or other msg apps that use wifi. a 2 yr contract is rediculous and not for me so i like this tracphone stuff

I purchased 4 of these back in November and they are the BEST DEAL when you buy them for $25 off the Tracfone price! :)

Product was "as described" and at a good price. We won't have to renew every 90 days which makes it much nicer.

Can not beat the deal.  No trouble loading the time as told by others. I will do again next year.

I have been a Tracphone user for years. I don't use my phone for much else except phone calls and emergencies while on the road, so Tracphone fits me just right. The price and the rollover minutes keep me coming back. And I very rarely drop a call. I once lost my cellphone while hiking, and when I bought a new one, Tracphone replaced the minutes I had lost, and took my word for the amount of time, and replaced it. When the phone was recovered a year later by another hiker, it still worked, and I found I had overestimated by a couple of hundred minutes. They were very supportive and gave me no trouble at all. I would definitely recommend them to anybody.

Great to have the peace of mind with a one year account will purchase more time cards as needed Great Buy

I had ordered two of these as gifts, expecting that they would be gift cards.  Instead I received two photocopied printouts on 8 1/2 x 11" paper, with codes written on them.  I guess I can still give them as gifts, but two pieces of paper don't make for a very attractive gift.  I hope they work.  :-(

Just activated two new phones,  plus bonus comes with new phone package, total 1020 minutes / 425 days.Said byebye to Verizon today to end almost 10 years of customership.Thanks for the good deal.

I make less than ten minutes worth of calls a week, averaged out. This gives me a year of cell phone service for less than $100. If you are a constant smart phone using, web browsing, text sending sort of person, don't get this. If you only use your phone for emergencies or to get a grocery list, Tracfone is great.

This should be listed as a best buy because nobody else on the net can match this price.  Easy to activate, one minute.  Now if only TracPhone would only get their act together.  Arthur Decker, Bristol, CT

I have been using Tracfone for over a year and it works great.  This is the best price I have found for minutes; I have purchased two cards so far and both were delivered in a timely manner.

Sams Club sells all denominations of tracfone cards. The 1 year card in the St.Louis area is $92 plus tax.

going to add the card this month, and I'll be set for a year with plenty of minutes since I've got a &#34;triple minutes&#34; phone, so will get another one when needed.

l'm glad that l decided to buy this. lt saves me a lot of money on a yearly basis and the quality and coverage of TRACFONE is very good.

This is the way to go if you want to save money on your cell phone bill. We used Tracfone to replace our land line and will never go back.

This item was as offered. I updated my phone and am still using it and I plan on buying another for this year.

I thought this would set me up for a year. Au contraire! The minutes disappeared. My little LG bar phone recorded how much time I *actually* used, but Tracfone has its own minute tracking system. To be fair, you can call in and get the actual info. directly from Tracfone. What you see on the main page is not even close to accurate. When I called Tracfone this did not seem to be a concern for them -- perhaps they see it as LG's problem. The upshot is this: I started w/700 minutes in April (which included this &#34;1 Year&#34; product) and by July was down to ~30min. Why? Not because I talk on the phone. Not because I text. Not because I'm using data. I hardly do any of that. Anyway, it didn't work for me and I'm going back to Verizon.

I was thrilled with the convenience of ordering the minutes card on line.  I got a great deal and it was a simple process.  I will always go this route from now on.  Thanks  :-)

Tracfone has absolutely the worst customer service I have ever encountered. Their phone service is not worth the aggravation you will have to endure to activate, add minutes, etc.Waiting a very long time on hold to speak with a customer service or technical support rep. is typical. My latest dealing with the company concerned transferring a phone number and minutes after my son lost his tracfone. After more than an hour on hold, I finally got to a representative and was repeatedly put on hold "for 3 minutes" while the rep. consulted a supervisor and then "another department" about the issue. At last I was told that the department that would verify how many minutes were on the lost phone was unavailable and that it would be necessary for me to call back the following week (even though they would be operating the following day)--more than 2-1/2 hours absolutely wasted!The next call took about 1-1/2 hours on extended and "3 minute" hold before the representative could come to grips with the unbelievable situation that a teenager had lost his phone, and before the "other department" could reach a decision.I used a tracfone for a bit more than a year and suffered through a few instances of having to resolve minutes that did not load, or promotion codes that did not work. Eventually my limited need for a cell phone increased to the point where a conventional phone plan made more sense and provided a far better phone. My son inherited the tracfone for emergency purposes, but when it runs out of minutes we are done. Forget any potential cost savings: Tracfone is not worth the trouble!

Very poor communication and customer service. I purchased this phone with 1500 minutes and when I activated it was given a rep who spoke almost no English but assured me I was good to go. When I realized there were only ten minutes on the phone, I called to figure out what was going on and was told my promotional period had ended and that there was nothing they could do. I said of course you can, you can credit the account with the minutes I purchased and was assured would be applied to the phone. Again I was told that this was impossible. Rather than argue, I am switching back to verizon and will never fall into one of these scams again.

I purchased my recent Tracfone minutes card and did not read all the information.  The price after shipping was the same as what Trac charges.  NOT A BARGIN AT ALL.  Easier/faster to just purchase at the store or on line direct from Trac and not pay the shipping and handling for putting the card in a envelope for mailing... Not Happy but it was my fault for assuming the shipping would be free.

I went to the Tracfone website and got the 200 bonus minutes code and included that when I added the one year and 400 minutes.  Everything worked great.

Product was sent quickly.  Easy to activate via tracfone.  Would recommend this product to anyone desiring very reasonably priced tracfone minutes and service.

Since I don't use a lot minutes, this was ideal. I got theLG 420G Pre-Paid Cell Phone for TracFone with Bluetooth - Black Unlimited double minutes!,so between the 400 minutes, and double minutes and 1 year of service, I don't have to worry about adding minutes every couple of months, the minutes lasted me the year.

Have had one for four months now, and absolutely love it!I wish I had found this years ago, it would have saved me a lot of money and grief. No more contracts! Thank you Tracfone!

Great deal!,,, unbelievable but true no hassle. Item was delivered quickly from this seller. I went online @tracfone.com entered my cellphone number and phone card number and coupon code from retailmenot.com  365 days and 1040 minutes were added to my phone immediately Great seller.

Was purchased with my LG800G triple minutes for life phone. Should have rcvd 1200 minutes. Was only given 1070. Also, what is mailed to you is an envelope with a pin# inside, not a card. They could have just emailed me the pin# and I would have saved $5 on shipping.

I find the service is very convenient and for a person like myself who doesn't use cell phone a lot it provides a good phone for calls when away from home. I do wish that my minutes would carry over without having to buy a fresh 1 Year airtime card annually. I never even approach using up my minutes.

THIS IS PERFECT FOR ME NO CONTRACTS OR MONTHLY BILLS TO WORRY ABOUT! NO NEED DON'T TALK MUCH! I LIKE TO HAVE IT FOR EMERGENCIES.THANKS

Using Tracfone for 5 or more years now. Went online to add my Tracfone card and it was a snap and I used a promo code too. My Tracfone updated minutes and time almost instantly. I have a double minute phone, well worth it. Tracfone perfect for me as I am not a power user and I can keep my landline and wired internet. I really only use Tracfone when not at work or home. Never had any problems with customer service either but only had to call them 2 times.

I had only 4 service days left on my tracfone so was worried about time frame.No problem as item was received in 2 days at a great saving price.

Love it because I can add minutes when I need them and don't have to have a contract. I have traveled with my phone and got reception without a problem.

Prior to purchasing the Tracfone, I was on Verizon and paying nearly $45 per month for 400 minutes.  I looked back 1 year and found that the most I ever used was 50 minutes for a month.  I decided to try the Tracfone and bought one with double minutes for life.  I switched my Verizon number to my new phone and have had it for over a year and I love it.  Just yesterday I bought the 1 year/400 minutes card, put the 15 digit numbers in on Tracfone's site and within seconds I got a text message saying the minutes were added to my phone.  Since I have the double minutes for life, it gave me 800 minutes and 365 days to use them.  All this was added to what I already had on the phone.  With Verizon, if you don't use your minutes, they're gone.  With Tracfone, unused minutes carry over to the next expiration date.  You can text and use the web, just like other phones too.We travel quite a bit and I have never lost service and it sounds as good as my Verizon phone did.So basically I have just as good phone service for $100 a year instead of $540 a year, just not as many minutes.  If you figure it out, it comes out to about 67 minutes per month and 8 cents per minute. Perfect for me!  It even calls internationally for no extra charge.  You can't use it to call FROM other countries, but you can use it to call from the US TO other countries.  If you are a power user, this it not for you, but for the occasional user, it works!  I did have to call customer service when I first got it to help me set it up, but they got it done in short order.

Arrived on time and was a good price for cell minutes.  you can find codes online to get bonus minutes as well.

It serves my purpose perfectly. I use it as an emergency tool. It is cheaper than other options I searched. I am happy with it.

This was an unexpected bargain.  I have purchased TracFone cards through warehouse clubs, eBay, the TracFone website and discount stores, but this was the best price I have ever seen.  The cardwas shipped promptly and I had no problem loading the time and minutes on my phone.  I will check the amazon price before purchasing another card!!

This is NOT the card pictured or a card at all, just a piece of paper with instructions and a PIN stuck to the bottom.  This is not what I wanted to put under the xmas tree.  Had I just wanted crap like this I could have got it much much cheaper.edit: I informed Amazon and shopcelldeals that the description needs to be changed, because the picture is not the item you receive.  The pictured item appears to be a retail card.  Also the description reads "No unexpected surprises" which is kind of ironic as I was expecting the retail card for a gift.  Somewhere in the description it needs to be stated that you will not receive the retail card.  Look through these reviews and see how many other people said the same thing which means this item is being misrepresented.  shopcelldeals offered me $10 but I told them that I don't want or need their money, I simply want the picture OR description edited to include "not the retail card".  So far neither Amazon nor shopfordeals has made these changes and I did not accept any refund or coupon offer of any kind.Let me explain, when I come on Amazon I feel like there should be a higher standard such that I shouldn't have to worry about things like this happening.  In fact, I pay a little more sometimes because of their good customer service.  I was certain other online merchants would do this so I ordered here.  Many people do the same.  We trust Amazon.  This item is being misrepresented and I expect more from Amazon.  End of story.

Tracfone VS Others monthly costs is by far the lowest that I've found.  I'm not a heavy phone user.  Upgrading minutes just once a year suits me just fine.  Amazon has the lowest cost for the service card and that's good also.  Tracfone service is good.

We like only having to buy minutes once a year - this makes it very convenient to use. We recommend it.

Product came very fast and it worked.  I wish that they also had a promo code to get xtra minutes with this card. My phone already has double for life.  If they had a triple for life in my phone that I use I would buy it..Thanks:)

just as advertised. perfect delivery.

I am new to tracfone, however not to the mobile world, I had just purchased The LG235C, This was a basic phone, I was impressed with it's functions, Anyway I needed a card and looked at all of them.  For me it was the 1 year 400 minute, Thephone I purchased came with double minutes for life, and 400 minutes and 40 Bonus minutes, I activated it on line at Tracfone. Com and within about 10 minutes I had the phone activated and the display showed 840 minutes.  Keep in mind if you purchase a double or triple minute card the minutes will double however the bonus minutes do not. So far I could not be happier with the purchase, The phone works great and activation was a snap.

I bought an LG800g (2X) phone plus a 60 min card, to see how cell phones worked, (my first cell phone), and it worked fine!  next, I bought a package:  another LG800g phone, (this one with 3X minutes) + 1200min + 12mo, and moved my land line # to it;these 400min + 12mo cards go as low as $75, but $80 is decent, too;  always use a bonus code when you add the minutes!  some codes come with the phone, but there's other codes that can be worth even more!  ie: with my last 400min card, (plus bonus code), I got 1500 minutes;  check around! you might do even better!with these 400 minute cards, my phone costs run about $5/mo, plus under 2cents/min, so with bonus codes, this price slightly beats any other vendor;Tracfone support hasn't been needed;  everything works!  some documentation could be better, but I only use these phones as phones, so I'm very happy!** the best feature:  when a 'salesman' calls, I save the number in 'contacts', and then add it to a 'blocked' group;  => NO more sales calls!!!  I now have more 'blocked' sales numbers than regular contacts!!  that one feature may be worth more than everything that I've already paid for these 2 phones, (and my old land line couldn't do that!!)with these 400min cards, I've pushed my 'end date' out about 2 years .. so I expect no worries for a LONG LONG time!!

Was received in a timely manner and worked just fine.  I like to buy a year's worth of minutes for my parents for Christmas each year, and this saved me around $50.00.  Hope she has these tracfone cards next year around Christmas!

Puchased at a reduced price, received very quickly and my minutes doubled, very pleased.  Would purchase again using the same source and procedure.

A wonderful deal in TracFone minutes! Even better when used on a Triple Minutes for Life phone. Thanks for the discounts!

Cheap, just the same as buying in store. I will buy it on here again next time I need it!

We have 2 tracfones in our family.  This is the third time I have bought the one year card off Amazon.We got it in 3 days and had no problems adding the minutes.

I do enjoy my service from this card, I don't use my cell phone very often, but I can connect with my sister any time I can.

Received the promised card in a few days and I'm in business for another year with bonus minutes and saved money.

saved money by purchasing my 1 yr contract--great savings , good deal-I would do again. no problems with my download

Tracfone is the best prepaid service out there. One of the amazing features is their promotions, that offer extra minutes, or double your minutes for life. It's really amazing service, no drop calls and no contracts. Really if you want a preapid service, Tracfone is the way to go.

Fantastic deal on tracfone minutes. I have double minutes on my phone and found a code online which made the total minutes 1050 for 75 bucks and a full year of service. Can't go wrong with this deal, cheaper than buying direct.

great but it came very fast and shippimg was free I would do it again ina heart beat.rusty

I purchased this phone card from CardArt and it arrived as expected with no hassle. The card worked on the first try. If you need lots of minute on your tracfone this is a great deal. Wait for those bonus minutes code. With double minutes and bonus 400, I ended up with 1200minutes for this card and a year of service. I'm very happy with this experience.

I received my purchase very quick and I had no problems loading my tracfone.  I was pleased with the delivery time and the ease of using the card to reload my minutes.

Just installed and it worked great. I would order this again when the time comes. I reccomend this to anyone who use trafon.

Lousy phones, lousy service. Had 2 phones with them and they both were junk.  The worst thing however is their lack of customer service.  When you call be prepared to talk with &#34;Debbie&#34; or &#34;Mike&#34; or some other made up name for a person in INDIA!  I think they hired the dumbest ones they could find.  The website of theirs is the worst also.  You cannot do anything on it.  I tried to renew my service for 3 days between the website and India.  All I got was a headache.  I canceled my service and they would not reimburse me for the 1184 minutes that I had paid for because I was no longer a customer.  Last week my wife's phone, with 128 days of service left, lost all 1800 plus minutes that she had.  They blamed it on the phone.  They would not help me unless I had the phone with me.  Initially I thought this was a great provider but since the corporate neckties in the company decided that greed was better they went downhill fast.  I will never recommend them for anything.

Fast and perfectly executed in seconds from the phone. But I have to admit that thisperfection has never happened before- and we've been with the company for about 8 years.And we saved a few bucks too! I recommend redeeming it from your phone too. Don't riskthe online method. They can mess you up good.

This prepaid track phone card is worth the money when you buy it from Amazon, it does not cause that much money

Love it, saved me 30 dollars, wish I would have gotten two! Love the Tracfone!I wish they would have them at the 79 dollar price more often!!

What a bargain.  Don't have to buy 90 day cards anymore and the cost of this year's card was about $25 less than the stores.

It was exactly as it was represented no gimmicks or tricks, I would definitrly use this site again!  TRY IT YOU will like it

Tracfone 1 year of service & 400 minutes card. Had no problem activating card to my phone. I got double minutes plus 200 minutes with bonus code. Fast ship great product.

The Tracfone is a great deal.  The activation was problematic  and reaching customer service is difficult.  Once a service representative is reached after navigating a long voice option program, the individuals were very responsive and appeared quite knowledgeable.

400 minute card added to a phone with triple minutes (LG800G) + code for an extra 200 minutes easily found on the internet= 1400 minutes and a YEAR of service for $75 tax-free dollars !Unbeatable and arrived the next day with prime :)!

but was surprised to not see an actual card but instead a letter with the pin number and it worked fine.

Some other reviewers stated that they received a piece of paper in an envelope that had a PIN on it. I received the actual Tracfone card that was sent by priority mail in a padded envelope. We have a phone with double minutes and I found a promo code at tracfonereviewer for a bonus 250 minutes so we have another year of service with 1050 minutes for $7.50 a month. Can't beat it for the occasional user. A word of advise. Be very careful when checking out and review the charges carefully. I almost paid an extra $20.00 for shipping and handling because the wording is misleading. In the shipping options it listed "Standard 2 days" and "Expedited 1 - 3 days". I wasn't in a hurry so I selected Standard....WRONG!!!!!! That will cost you $20.00. Expedited is $4.99.

I love this trac phone. It's light and fits into a small purse with ease.The phone really is user friendly and most of the older generation will be able to use this phone with no problems.

Have used a Tracfone for several years.  This was a much lower price than any local stores, and I was still able to apply a discount code to lower the price even more.  The card will provide me with a year's worth of phone/texting service.

Arrived on time in a bubble wrap package via US Mail.  Inside the package was one overly photocopied form letter with a misalligned lable containing the activation code.  Had to pay shipping for that?!  Should have just been emailed.  Other than that, it worked fine and accepted the promo code w/no probs.

Good value, would purchase again.  This has been just the right amount of minutes for my needs.  Am very satisfied

I had just purchased my first Tracfone, a double minutes for life phone (DMFL), and searched the internet for the best price per minute.After reading the reviews I bought the 1 year, 400 minute card from Amazon (sold by Veronica Tablet) cost $74.99. Free shipping option took from Thursday Evening 7/21 until arriving 7/27 by mail (USPS). Used a promo code for 200 extra minutes and with the DMFL got 1000 minutes added to my Tracfone and a 365 days of service extension added to the service time remaining on the phone.The card arrived in an envelope inside a cardboard sleeve and I activated the card online after scratching off the coating over the code.  It was easy, and within what seemed like less than a minute, the time was added to my Tracfone.Evidently the price on this product varies with vendor so when it is near time to add more minutes I will watch the price.I had no interaction with "customer service" so I didn't rate it.  I don't see how the "coverage" rating applies to a minutes card so I didn't rate that.  I live within view of an ATT cell tower so when I bought the Tracfone I bought an ATT Tracfone and have full bars at home.

I think this is due to phone and tracfonepainfully had to add many long strings of numbers into phone to get it to work

The card was as stated.  It arrived in a timely manner and was simple to add to my tracphone.  The bonus minutes were a plus.  Yes I would buy one again.

The phone & the triple minutes we received with this phone is perfect. This saves us money by buying the tracfone.

Their customer service remains AWFUL!!  My screen went blank and I wasn't certain how to fix it, so I called Customer Service.  The individual allegedly &#34;helping&#34; me placed me on hold and about every 2 minutes came on to ask me to keep holding.  After 15 minutes, I gave up and ended the call.  Finally figured out how to fix it myself...

I purchased my Tracfone from Amazon one year ago and love it! After having been a customer of the &#34;big three&#34; national services I would highly recommend this service to anyone that isn't a &#34;heavy&#34; cell phone user. A year has passed, so it's time to purchase another airtime card. So again I turned to Amazon. My purchase price was much less than anywhere I could shop locally, though I will admit $4.95 for mailing a piece of paper is a bit salty. But it was sent the same day as ordered. Received it in two days. The airtime and minutes were added to my account within two minutes of entering in the code numbers. It just doesn't get any better than that. Thank you.

This is the best way to go when loading minutes to your TracFone - I never have to worry about running out of minutes with my double minute plan plus this 1 year card.  I highly recommend this item.

I was a tracfone for 8 years.  Never had problems until now. Recently the service they provide is garbage.  Other companies are possibly hacking into their services.  Their own managers and analyzers do not know what going on.  Any phone that you hook up with them with randomly be deactivated and you'll spend hours being on hold to get it hooked back up.  It happened every day for 2 weeks.  Many others are having the same problem.  Do not purchase tracfone!!!!!!!  Think about it, I myself just lost three job interviews cause I can't get my number back.  This can happen to you!!!!!!!!!!

I love the tracfone card because you don't have to keep worrying about getting a new card every couple months. The minutes are a plus!

Returned my money promptly but it's still leaves a bad taste in my mouth. An used Tracfone Card code is no excuse.

Shopcelldeals delivered the card quickly.  For $84.98 (with shipping), double minutes on my TracFone phone and a promo code from the TracFone website, I received 1,000 minutes and 1 year of service.  A good deal!

I bought this with the triple minute phone, and it is the way to go. I got 250 frre minutes when activated, and much cheaper than being bought in the store..

Tracfone is a perfect phone for someone who does not use the cell phone all that very much.  It is a perfect emergency phone. The 1 year purchase for $100 is one of the best deals you can get.  I don't think of the cost as how much I pay per minute, but rater per month cost of having an ability to make a phone call when I need something when I am away from home.  I have had Tracfone for 5 years, and have paid under $10 a month for each month I had it.  I think this is a pretty reasonable cost.I had to call customer service a few times, and I found customer service to be acceptable.  The wait was not too long, and even though the support center was clearly overseas the staff had understandable accents, was polite and was able to handle my issue/answer the question.You can roll over your minutes from to year, as long as you renew your annual contract before it expires.  You can switch phones and roll over your minutes to the new phone.I found that the price on the 1 year contract fluctuates. I generally have been able to buy it for $100.  There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon, this tool is called  "Online Price Alert".  This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify. If you search on "online price alert" in Google it will be come up at the top.  I find this tool to be very helpful.Ali Julia review

I recently ordered two 1 year 400 minute cards, one for myself and one for my husband. I was somewhat leery about ordering the cards, but I figured it was backed by Amazon whom I trust when making purchases.  The cards arrived sooner than I expected. The price is great and I would recommend this to my closest friends, family, and to anyone wondering about it. Be sure to look for promo codes as this will give you bonus minutes.  I found a code for 300 bonus minutes, for a total of 1500 minutes.  I have a triple minute Tracfone, LG800G, in which I recently purchased, and so far I am very pleased with it.  I added 365 service days, and I'm set for a full year of service.  I purchased the cards for $74.99 each, which comes to 6.67 a month for a cell phone service. We have been with Tracfone for several years, and are very happy with the service.  Thank you Amazon for saving me a lot of money.

I bought the one year service plus 400 minutes, seller delivered very fast, Tracfone customer service was very helpful,a young man named Nehru in Belize had my phone up and running in just a few minutes,I tried to add the minutes online but was unable to complete this on Tracfone site,customer service answered my call in around 4 minutes, the minutes showed on my phone as 1 year 1220 minutes,all with courteous service.

Thanks CardArt. Third purchase from you and again awesome deal. Will purchase again from your store next year. Keep the good deals coming!

The plan itself, in terms of cost, is good.  I used Tracfone for a couple of years or more.  Initially, the coverage was ok--although somewhat &#34;iffy&#34;, I could usually find some nearby location where it would work.  I could not make a call from inside most grocery stores and box stores, without coming all the way to the front of the store or even outside, but I could live with that since I only used the phone occasionally.  Service in our area degraded the last year I had the phone (2012), and there was no service in one whole area of downtown Chattanooga, which is where I work.  I called their customer service about the poor coverage.  She wanted me to call Tracfone from my home, since the phone number was based on my home address.  I explained that the phone worked fine from home (which is not where generally I use it) and that in the beginning coverage had been better.  She then said they needed to change my phone number to match the area where I worked, which is only 12 miles from my home.  That made no sense--did they only expect me to use the phone from one location all the time?  She was not interested when I told her I was going to change providers when my service expired.  My husband kept his Tracfone, but his service is so sporadic that he will change when his minutes expire.  I changed to a prepaid ATT phone, and have had virtually no problem with coverage.

This was for my son who also got a Tracfone for Christmas.  He's always worried that he's going to run out of minutes and so he doesn't use his minutes at all.  Oh well, he's eleven, doesn't really need a phone, so this was a perfect option for him.

I am 67 years old.  My experience with Tracfone is absolutely the worst I haver ever had with a so called "service" provider.  I have returned the cellphones and canceled my airtime plan.  I am still out almost $30, not to mention the hours I spent with their inept support phone staff - and the grief.I tried to order 3 cellphones online, but didn't make the last click because the promised free shipping did not show.  So I called.  A woman named Sofia in Belize (you will visit various 3rd world countries dealing with the support staff) took my order and told me that even 'though the free shipping didn't show in the invoice, I would get the discount.Sure enough the next day I saw the full amount taken out of my bank account - no free shipping.So I called.  I was told that I could not be refunded cash.  I would have to get credit for airtime.When the phones arrived, it took hours to get one of them activated.  Then after one day, I lost service.  It took me another hour with 2 different support staff to discover that when the phones were shipped, the sim cards had been switched.  So I had to switch them back.  After one day, I lost service again.  I was told the SIM card was defective; I would have to wait 3-5 days for a replacement.Meanwhile I tried to activate the 2nd phone.  I was told again the SIM card was defective.  I had to wait for a replacment.I believe I spent 10 hours altogether with the support staff.  Every time I called I had to spell out my name, address, etc.  - and tell the whole story all over again.Finally when I decided to send back the phones and end my relationship with dysfunctional Tracfone, I was told I had to pay for the return shipping; and they do not refund for airtime (I had joined their "value plan").  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND FORGET YOU EVER HEARD ABOUT TRACFONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Easy to use.  You can get it a little cheaper locally, but I bought it with my new phone.  Shipping and handling cost for a piece of cardboard seems excessive, and I don't believe we should be paying a sales tax on what is, essentially, a service.  Other than that, it is what it is.

I purchased this minutes card to continue my Tracfone service for another year. It shipped fast and was a good price.

I purchased this Tracfone card from CardArt (fulfilled by Amazon) for $74.99 and I am very happy. Best price ever for me! I quickly received an actual Tracfone card in new (unscratched) condition. No problems with card activation code.FYI: Be careful scratching card as not to peel off code sticker. I almost made this mistake where I have read others actually peeled off a (important) code number.PLEASE NOTE: The following is for "dramatic" purposes only...I've been using Tracfone for over 5 years now and never had any serious problems...okay a dropped call or two, but not recently.I did need to call Tracfone this time only because I changed phones from a Motorola (basic cell phone) to a LG Internet capable phone. I did receive the "hold" message saying it would be approximately 5 minutes where it was only about 2-3 minutes. The representative was very helpful and quickly transferred my remaining minutes and added my new (this card) minutes and 1 year service. As a valued customer, Tracfone also added an additional 250 minutes and 2 more months service. In total, I received an added 1050 minutes (with my double minutes for life) and 14 months of service. The representative also went through all my various questions about the features of my new phone. Over the years, I have had very good customer service for the few times I actually needed to call.I included the above comments only to describe my experience with Tracfone for those who may be interested. My comments and rating on this card are actually very brief: Excellent price for perfect working card received from seller, CardArt.

GOOD DEAL, LOVE TO SAVE $, TRACFONES GREAT FOR SOMEONE THAT NEEDS TO MAKE THE OCCASIONAL CALL AND DOESN'T LIVE ON THE FONE. MY WIFE AND I HAVE CELL SERVICE FOR 15 BUCKS A MONTH THIS WAY. GREAT DEAL IF YOUR NOT A FONE JUNKIE

Skeptical after reading reviews that were mostly positive, decided to buy and see for myself. After receiving quickly, opened and entered codes, two minutes later I have one year of service plus 1000 minutes with promo code and double minutes for life! This is a great deal for anyone who doesn't want a contract phone. I will save this seller and keep an eye out for more deals on Amazon in the future!

Extra minutes get added when activated, recipient (this was a gift) was over the moon. I would recommend it without hesitation.

By using this card your cell phone rate comes to just $7.00 per month.  It is for those who use a cell phone only when needed, since it is for just 400 minutes per year.  But you can add minutes anytime for a low cost in addition to the 400.Ordering through amazon saved $10.00 off the retail price in stores and arrived just 2 days after ordering.

I purchased two Tracfone cell phones and used them for a month. I tried to buy time and set them up a few months later but could not get them to work and Tracfone service could not help me. I wasted $10 for air time and hours on the phone speaking with agents. They all seemed to go in the same direction with no new ideas and I never did get the phone to work. A year later I tried again to activate a phone and went through the same trouble, bought $10 of air time, received a new sim card, spent hours on the phone with agents who all tried the same thing over and over again, all to no avail. I mailed the phones back to them with a letter detailing all the problems and two weeks later received the phones back with a form letter that did not address the situation at all. I wrote another letter to them expressing my disappointment in their response and 10 days later received a call from someone. This person was obviously another of their "line" personnel who again offered to go through the normal activation process that I almost have memorized. I would have had to purchase air time to do this. How dumb am I? Another $10 that they would refuse to refund.Tracfone may be a good service but they do not have knowledgeable agents and do not give proper support when needed. I would not recommend their service.

Match this up with a phone that gives you triple minutes and you're paying $7 a month if you need the minutes.  I will only use the minutes if I can't connect to my home or another broadband connection but I can't imagine using all 1200 minutes in a year.

Good no contract smart phone and triple service time works as described. I recommend to buy it. I like it.

I bought a Samsung T301G phone from TracFone for $20. The purchase included double minutes for the life of the phone. I then bought a $74.99 1 year of service card with 400 minutes from Veronica Tablet, an Amazon seller. I added the minutes to my phone with no problem, using the instructions printed on the back of the card. Using promo code 78254, which I found listed on [...] gave me 250 bonus minutes. Summary: $20 + $74.99 = a very nice new phone, one year service, and 1050 minutes of talk-time.  I'm happy!

Speedy arrival and good price was impressive and appreciated.  Those of us who want to avoid monthly phone fees because we use our cell phone rarely like Tracfone.

She needed a phone for emergencies-nothing fancy. I buy her a year worth of time for her birthday every year. Peace of mind.

To tell you the truth, I haven't given the phone a tryout. But it was easy to install the minutes and, to me, thats a victory in itself!

Worst service ever. I have spent over one and one-half hours trying to add some minutes to the phone I use only for emergencies. I have never seen anything so incompetent since Hechts dept store in Dc went out of business.

The headline says it all. It only takes minutes to enter and I'm set for another year, and I like getting the cards for less.

I recently made the switch from a yearly contract with another cellphone service provider to Tracfone.  I purchased the LG800G from Tracfone and was about to purchase the 1 year, 400 minutes card from them as well.  I decided to check Amazon first and I'm glad I did.  Tracfone (and pretty much everywhere else I checked) was selling these minutes for around $99, but Amazon (from CardArt/Veronica Tablet) had it for just $75.  I received the card fairly quickly and was able to add the minutes/service to my phone with no problems at all via Tracfone's website. I was also able to use one of Tracfone's current promos to get an additional 200 bonus minutes.  Add to this the fact that the LG800G comes with TRIPLE lifetime minutes and this works out to be a pretty sweet deal of 1400 minutes for only $75.  Thanks Amazon and CardArt!

Not much to say about an airtime card other than the price was great and it arrived when it was suppose to. There were no issues adding the time to my phone.

This came with a good price, and provides great value! There is no better way to get minutes, especially with a triple-minutes phone.

Its worth it to get the year subscription. Its cheaper than anything on the market and besides they give an extra couple of months on top of that.

I would recommend to every one that has a tracfone phone since it is the cheapest and you are not on a contract.

The best price I could find at the time was on Amazon, and was my first purchase there. I bought the item and rec'd an envelope a few days later. I was skeptical at first because what I got was a sheet of paper with a Tracfone number on it, but not the actual Tracfone scratch-off card. I entered it and had no problem, so I'm completely satisfied.

I don't use the phone too much but when I do it's for business or medical.  I've been with Tracfone 7-8 years and their service is the best.. Quick, easy and correct - I have replaced my replaced my AT&T landlline with Tracfone - enough said.

I had no problem using this card to renew my Tracfone for another year. The phone doubled the minutes, too. For the first time in a long time, I didn't need to call Tracfone support.

This plus a Trakfone and your set for 400 days for $120. I didn't realize how much money I spent on crap that I didn't use with my last service. Ha! Think again unnamed competitor company! I'm a Trakfone customer now. I haven't had to talk to any customer service reps, my phone is good for over a year, and if it breaks I can get a new one for less than $20 without insurance. If you've ever considered downsizing your phone spending, do it this way. I'm satisfied.

I received my card promptly. I entered it on my phone and it worked great. The price ended up being about the same as the Tracfone website. No big savings but it does what it's suppose to do.

Phone gives me tripple min.so it is 1200 min. instead of 400.That is the best thing i love about  it.

I saved about $20 buying thru Amazon vs the Tracfone site. Used their service for the last 2 years. I am a low use cell phone owner, so for me this service is great. Not paying for a lot of time I do not use. No contracts. Just use the phone, not interested in other stuff.

Ordered the one year 400 minutes card when it was just $74.95.  Received Tracfone card within a few days by Fedex. Added the 400 minutes along with 200 minutes promo code by entering codes into my phone.  With triple minutes phone, that was 1400 total minutes for under $75.  Hard to beat a deal like that.  Last year I bought my first 1 year card at Walmart and was charged around $113 for the card, taxes, and 911 fee.  Saved more than $35 this time.  Excellent deal from Holden Property Svces. and Amazon.

I placed the order, and received it 4 days later via USPS Priority Mail (would have been perfectly happy for lower shipping fee to take a couple of more days for standard US Mail as it would have only taken a day or two more). It was not an actual card such as you might purchase via a retail outlet, but just a printed piece of paper with a PIN code.It is interesting that their web site shows a shipping charge of $0 for "standard handling to the continental USA" but this "card" isnn't available via that route as far as I can find. That was slightly annoying to me, though I can't put my finger on why I feel that way.I tried to enter the code via my phone, but the code kept giving an "error code 7" message. I went to the tracfone web site, and the code worked fine. The cost via this method worked out to about a 15& discount over the price on the tracfone web site.. $15 bucks is $15 bucks. Since I already have "double minutes" it registered as 800 minutes.. They now offer "triple minutes" too.. Tracfone gets credit for trying to be a "value-positioned product"I had no reason to  contact the seller so I can't speak to their customer service.I rank it a satisfactory experience, even though there was some slight variance over what I expected.It is worth mentioning that if you buy through TracFone, you normally get 250 bonus minutes for purchasing this same 400+365 deal.. (I'm not sure this is ALWAYS offered, but I've never looked that it was NOT offered). Since it costs $5 for "shipping" on this card, it means $90 for 400 (double-able) or $99 for 400 (double-able)+ 250 "bonus" minutes.. cheaper online by the minute, but it's your choice. I will say that buying direct from TracFone they add a bunch of "fees" on to increase it nearly $10 which you don't have with this item.[edit 8/2013] I note this is up $5, so after shipping it is only "fees" cheaper.. so it's less of a "deal" Watch the prices and act accordingly :/ This last round I just bought from Tracfone

I had no problems adding the minutes to my phone. It was done before I even realized it and it seems to be a fair deal.

Postage was too high. Came in regular U.S. mail  46cents!  Should have been more like the DVD postage of apx. $2.Card worked fine. Came quickly.

I rarely use the phone; but, not having one was causing me problems.  Tracfone meets my needs.I would recommend Tracfone to those in my situation.  It is the cost effective way to go.

One year of service for the money is great.  All I will buy is minutes for the whole year.  I will do the same next year.

I paid more than $10 less than that from other place.  Do you have more with even low price.  Please keep it update for me.

it is well worth the money as compared to contract phones.  I bought it for my older brother-in-law to use for a phone as he does not have a house phone.

I have been using Tracfone for several years now and I have not been disapointed with the service or the cost.

I like it  because it was a good price  tank you  and i will buy it next year  if get the same price or better tanks jan

I think Tracfone is the answer that have many have been looking for in terms of prepaid service. So far, I've only had two dropped calls in four months and service costs half as much as what I was used to paying over on Verizon and ATT.  Plus, the fact that I don't have to dread a bill at the end of the month and that I don't have to commit myself to a two year contract is great.These one year+400 minute cards are great for users who use their phones heavily.

Have had the tracfone for many years. Love the ease of ordering the card on-line and have never had any issues.

This is the cheapest way that I have found to add a year of service to my Tracfone.  My phone provides triple minutes, so this card gives me 1200 minutes of service.  Time and minutes added quickly using the PIN provided.  I will lookfor this deal a year from now!

Tracfone said that the PIN had already been used. After an exchange of emails with the seller, the PIN still didn't work online but did work when entered on the phone. This was a problem since I was adding time to a phone my father uses on the other side of the country. I wouldn't buy it again.Addition: Exchanging a few emails with the seller  provided information that allowed the phone to add the airtime, but I still couldn't add the airtime through the web. Consequently, I've improved my rating from one to two stars.

We had a problem with our order and it was resolved quickly.  Very good communication and great product.  A++  Thanks.

tracfone minutes can be loaded onto the phone with east by not having to wait for customer service on the phone.  Just go to prepaid and add the mintues

Good purchase, would purchase again when necessary.  Better price than tracfone offers.  Good deal.Only advise to others is to google for promo codes before entering in this code to max out your benefits.

I just got this and added it to my account and it was easier than I expected...for LG800 users, go to Prepaid, Add Airtime, and enter the 15-digit PIN from the back of the card. It took just a few minutes for the airtime display to update to show the new information.

Easy to add minutes to the phone as needed, easy to find these cards in many stores too... love the price as well. Thanks for the great value, Amazon.

What Ever Happened to the DEALS?Last year I paid $79.99 and the year before that I paid $74.99, for a "1 Year" card. THAT was a good deal! But now $94.99 plus $4.99 shipping equals $99.98! THAT is NO DEAL!!I have bought one year Tracfone cards for the last three years. We use it very little though but cheapest cell phone you can get if you don't use it a lot! I mean $100 works out to about $8.33 per month. Since we do not use the Tracfone (or any cell phone) a lot we now have ACCUMULATED over 2,200 minutes. However, we WOULD use it more IF we got service AT OUR HOUSE, since we do not have long-distance on our home phone. We are retired and on a FIXED income so try to save all we can!I don't understand when the ECONOMY is SO BAD why EVERYONE is raising their prices. Our Gas and Electric, and water are both gong up, taxes going up. ALL THIS will ONLY make the economy WORSE!!------------- UPDATE 12/15/2013 ------------WOW! The deal AT Tracfone was awesome.I paid $99.99 for it, but this month they have a holiday special! You get an extra 250 minutes! So I got the 400 minutes, and when I bought the phone 3 years ago I bought a "Double the Minutes" card so that made it 800, plus the 250 extra for the holidays, which gave me 1,050 MORE minutes with my purchase.AND I got a second deal, for us any way. With all of those extra minutes that keep 'Rolling Over'. You can purchase an extra Year of Service for only $49.99, that doesn't include any more minutes, only 365 more days (a 2nd year) of service. But hey that is one year at half the price! THEN - since we NOW have a total of 3,250 minutes it is just what I needed.

One year tracfone cards are sold elsewhere for at least 99.95. At times they are offered through Amazon for 74.95. Delivery takes only a few days. I have the triple minute plan so it's 1200 minutes and one year of time. For people that don't use cell phones often , this is a hassle-free, convenient way to go.

I saw this on Amazon for only $74.99 - much cheaper than Tracfone's $99 website price.  It arrived in days, in a large padded envelope.  Inside, I found a Tracfone 400 minute/1 year card - exactly like you'd see at a store.  After scratching off the silver strip on the back, I typed in the sequence of numbers on the Tracfone website - be sure to use the bonus code for an additional 200 minutes.  So, I received a total of 800 minutes (my phone has double minutes for life) + the bonus 200 minutes = 1000 minutes with a 1 year expiration.  Not bad for $75!  Easy to use, no problems, FAST delivery.  A real no brainer for Tracfone users.

If you buy this card directly online from the Tracfone site, you pay $99.99 (+ tax), and you get your minutes instantly. Here the price is $99.98 ($94.99 card + $4.99 shipping), so you save 1 cent!!! Plus you have to worry if the card is not lost in mail, and if the the PIN code was not scratched and used before, and how long do you have to wait for the card to be delivered. Is it a good deal here, really?

One year was added to 4 months and 400 minutes we still had from our last purchase. The new 400 minutes card gave us 800 minutes as a bonus-so we have about 1800 minutes to use in the next 16 months. My  wife will use this, but I think it is great.This was processed very timely-thanks.

I bought this to add minutes to my mom's tracfone.  I went to the tracfone website and simply entered her phone number along with the number on the card and a bonus code for extra minutes listed online and as soon as I clicked submit, she received the minutes and service days on her phone! Super Easy!  I should also mention that the seller shipped the card very quickly- I believe I had it in 2 days!

We got 2 Tracfones because Net10 (operated by the same company) doesn't offer any long term cards - the cheapest is 60 days for $30.  Longer terms are *more* expensive per month - go figure - and we were getting tired of having to repeatedly add airtime for the kids long before the minutes were used.  A Tracfone 1 year / 1000 minute card (400 doubled + 200 promo code) is much better for our usage.After 3 weeks of customer service calls with the annoying "3 minute holds" described in another review, about a dozen tedious code entries, and a mailed replacement SIM later, we finally had a working phone with an old provider's number ported to it.  The second phone was easier to activate with a non-ported number, but Tracfone still initially rejected two valid airtime cards ("card not in our system").  I'll give Tracfone's customer service an E for effort - they were always available and friendly - but it really shouldn't have been necessary to talk to them so much.Now that the phones are working, they are fine.  The LG 420G is a great basic cellphone; unlike the Net10 Motorolas with non-functioning USB you can bluetooth ringtones and pictures without having to waste airtime, and the phone comes with a car charger, a headset, and double minutes for life without having to buy a separate double card.  I like them so much I bought 2 more for spares.

I got this to put on my Triple Minutes for life Tracfone. It arrived fast (although shipping was way overpriced!) I got my 1200 minutes plus I had a bonus code for 200 minutes so I got 1400 minutes total. Pretty good deal since this card is $99.99 everywhere else.(at the time of this writing this card was $79.99)Added the minutes on line at Tracfone so I could be sure the code worked. Easy as can be, put in the PIN number, bonus code and my phone number and in about 5 seconds my phone buzzed with an instant message that I got "400 minutes with 1000 bonus minutes" and 365 days service.At the rate I use minutes I am probably set for a full year all the way around. Great deal.

O.K. if you get double minutes. Most trac-phones give you double minutes so it works out. Easy to load in phone if you know how.

I have read some complaints and was hesitant to go this route, but my experience was great.  Purchasing was easy and shipping was fast.  I just entered the numbers into my phone and voila!  I had one more year of service and since my phone triples minutes, I had an additional 1,200 minutes.  Couldn't have been easier.

The Best value I have found anywhere. The card provided the equivalent of a $108.95 Tracfone 1 year cardI will buy again

Great value.  The best price I found, especially since I have double minutes for life.  It's an economical way to have a cell phone if you don't need a smart one.

One year service is helpful, no need to renew every 3 months; also helpful--double minutes for life on phone=800 min. plus was newly bought==had coupon for 200 min.=1000 min.

Great service that saves a few dollars.  It might be even be faster or cheaper if they emailed or texted the code rather than mailing it. Some places do but usually charge more for that service.

I have been using Tracfone for over 8 years now and am very glad to not be burdened by contractural arrangements with Verizon, Sprint, etc, etc.

Best deal for this service that I could find.Tracfone is the cheapest phone service that i know about. I will continue to use this program.

I have Trackfone cell phone. I buy time for my phone as I need them. That's it thank you bye.

My husband and myself do not use our phone that much, so this option of 400 minutes for one year is great.

I would just like to tell you that right now, Tracfone is selling this card for $99.99, and with their promo code you get 250 additional minutes. So, if you want to avoid dealing with their service people, buy it from them, they are almost exactly the same price, but when you buy from them, they credit your card immediately, and you don't have to talk to anybody in their service. Think about it.

This product made the most financial sense of all the Tracfone offerings. I did have a challenge receiving the minutes because the letter has to be signed for when it's delivered. The Post Office lost the letter but I was able to receive the PIN numbers via e-mail. This should be the first charge up you get!

Get the triple minute phone and you have a great way to make calls and send messages.

I was really unhappy with the seller of this item. I expected a new card to be mailed to me for use;When I received the pin number by email (yes the pin number was revealed) i tried to use it to add minutes to my phone and the message came up that it was a pin that was already used. I would not use this seller at all in the future. Thank goodness for Amazon's A to Z guarantee. They refunded my purchase after trying to contact the seller and after I filed a claim for a refund. Amazon has my confidence for a safe purchase.

I received my order on time and in full.  However, this order consisted on a piece of paper with a pin number and instructions printed on it.  I paid $3.99 for freight.  This piece of paper could have been sent in an envelope with a standard postage stamp.  ($.46).  Even allowing for some &#34;handling&#34; it's way greedy.  That's why I gave 2 stars.  I gave 1 star because my product arrived on time.  I game one star because the pin number worked.  Other then that, shame, shame, shame.

Easily added one years service and 800 minutes (Double already installed). Tracfone is a very useful cell phone for the occasional user. Probably not the least expensive minutes but, no contract and if you extend the service before it expires just accumulates minutes, none lost!

i wanted 1year service got it,wanted 400 mintutes got it. everything i wanted i got! and the price was the lowest i found.

The tracfone is easy to use and works perfectly.  Sound is very good, even for me, as I have hearing aids.  This is a bargain compared to contract phones, especially for those who use the phone in a limited way.

Most other Cell providers don't roll over the minutes month to month. Some have newer phones but you have to buy new minutes every month to keep service. Tracfone rolls the minutes over as long as service is uninterrupted. This was my 3rd card. My phone gets double minutes (400x2=800minutes) plus the bonus codes give another 200 to 300 minutes. Texting is .3 minute while browsing is 1.5 to 2 minutes/search.

Many people pay enormous monthly fees($50) to use a cell phone. The rationalize it by using the phonne at every opportunity. In their cars, while walking down the street, while attending meetings, etc. I call this cell phone abuse (like drug abuse, alcohol abuse). The results are somewhat similar. Impaired functioning. Okay, I'll stop my ranting and get to the point of this review.TracFone and other pay-as you go plans free occasional cell phone users from the monthly charge.. The Tracfone 1 year card retails for $100 for 1 year of service and 400 minutes of talk time. Many newer Tracfone models (including some smart phones!) double or triple the number of minutes (1200 minutes).The minutes never expire if you don't use them. I still have minutes that I purchased 3 years ago.As you can tell by my opening paragraph, I think most cell phone users abuse the priviledge and use the cell phone at inappropriate times. But for emergency use, they are great tools, and for $120 per year, you have an emergency communication tool at your disposal. Try to find a pay phone these days. They're almost extinct.So, my advice is, don't renew your 2 year contract with the big companies. Over the 2 year span, you can save over  $1200..

This card arrived quickly. It was very easy to add the minutes to my phone. Tracfone is already a good deal - this makes it a little better.

This arrived promptly, less than 7 days after I ordered it. I received a sheet of paper with a code not a actual card. It came with instructions on what to do - if you need them. I chose to enter the code online and received the year and minutes. Code worked as it should. I would order from them again.I also received a bonus since I was aware of a active bonus code.\Tracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutes

Bought this Tracfone 1yr service card from the seller shopcelldeals, arrived on time. I was nervous buying a minutes card online because of the risk it would arrive already used. The card worked fine - using the phone's built-in activation didn't work so I called the number instead and that worked. The automated voice asks a few odd questions like birthday which you don't have to answer (stay silent and it will eventually skip ahead).Ordered another one and it arrived not as a card but as a piece of paper with a sticker having the code attached. Seemed sketch but it still worked.

I ordered the Tracfone 400 min 365 days on a Thurs night and received it on Sat. morning. It was $20 cheaper than anywhere else, and only took seconds to activate.I've had my phone for 2 years, and after finding this great price on Amazon, all my minutes will be purchased here!!!!

This is great for a phone that is more for emergencies than day to day use.  Very easy to activate.

Every step of the way was a hassle:  Tracfone needed all kinds of information to use the phone number from my old company; it did not activate according to directions and I was on the phone for an hour trying to get some help, then I was unable to purchase time for it on line and on the phone itself, so I was forced to call again.  Sad to say, the reps were all nice, but I cannot understand their accented English, mostly because I am elderly and I need to hear the end of every word in human speech to understand it and none of these reps say the endings of the words. I was able at last to obtain some minutes and I hope I will be able to use this phone for the  purpose for which it was intended. Price seems good, but I beleive it has been about 6 - 7 hours on the phone and online trying to get this thing going and even for the good price I am not sure it is worth the hassle.

Very quick delivery and good price.  Would definitely recommend to friends and family to purchase as well as myself buying from again.  Thanks again.

I HAVE USED TRACFONE FOR OVER A YEAR, & I JUST PURCHASED THE LG840G FROM AMAZON THAT HAS TRIPLE MINUTES.  ALWAYS LOOK ONLINE FOR BONUS MINUTES.  PLUS MY PHONE GETS TRIPLE MINUTES AND I GOT 250 BONUS MINUTES WITH THE PROMO CODE FROM [...]PROMO CODE 56036 GOOD TILL MAY 30TH, 2013.  SO I ENDED UP WITH A TOTAL 1450 MINUTES GOOD FOR 1 YEAR.I THINK ITS A GREAT DEAL!

Great product,,,, Considerable cheaper than buying it in the store. Easy to add minutes would do again thanks guys Peace...

I was shipped a card; neatly printed with instructions on the back and suitable as a gift. It came in a large stiff PRIORITY MAIL envelope from,Shopcelldeals, in Va.I live in Colorado and although shipping was slow by UPS standards it was fast for the inefficient USPS and well worth the $5.00. My advice is buy Tracfone from the above on Amazon, an honest company IMO.

It is a prepaid phone card. I don't know what else to say about it. I like Tracfone just fine.

It arrived very fast, worked as advertised, and was sold for one of the best prices around.  I heartily recommend this product.

How can a person go wrong with getting this card for $76.99, I already had the double minutes on my phone so the 400 minutes went to 800 minutes along with the year service. To me this was a no brainer. No problem adding the service & minutes just like I had bought from Tracfone in the past. Only like $ 23.00 less money. I would buy this card again in a heart beat. Delivery was quick with no problems what so ever.

The code did not work and I received my money back bought one in the store. My purchase price  and shipping was  refunded quickly. I did purchase the card and waited 3 weeks to load. The seller was surprised I waited so long. I didn't need to load it right away, but glad I did before a month went by.

Cheaper than going to the store and buying them. And they came they came to the house. they worked great. Bought multiple and I didn't have any problems adding them to our phones.

Don't have to keep checking if I have enough minutes. Buy a card once a year with double minutes and I'm set. Hope I get a bonus card before my year is up

I enjoy using my Tracfone but getting added service has always been a bit of a headache.  This is so much simpler.

The price for the one year renewal is much better than buying from Tracfone direct. The article was shipped in a timely fashion.

This is the easiest way to buy the years service and get the bonus of 400 minutes.  Will buy this way again.

Best deal I could find on this card.  Worked fine.  Quick shipping but it is a piece of paper with the number on it.  That concerned me at first but no problems activating at all !  Will deal with them again.

i ordered this...arrived quicklydidn't even need to go online....did entire process in minutes.price is perfect and whole process was simple!will do again next year

5 star's on this one people, Fast and friendly serivce works great what a deal!!! I recommend this product to every one.

400 minutes that doubled on my phone plus I had a bonus code that added an additional 250 minutes. I'm good for a year. I just need a phone that rings and TracFone's price can't be beat. This card is a great deal!

This arrived very quickly and provided the info for adding the service time and minutes. However, it was not the physical card that you would get in a store.

When this was purchased along with the phone I was suppose to get triple minutes and this has not happened

I have used Tracfone for may years. I always get the year card with 400 minutes. I get one of their semi-smart phones that triples the minutes to 1200 which is about what I use every year.

Tracfone works for me as I do not use the phone much and I have bought cards on Amazon, but not at this price.  Right now, this card with shipping is $94.99+$4.99 shipping =$99.98. You are saving a penny.  When I buy at the store I get it and add it.  Here you are taking a chance on the mail system and a seller that sends a piece of paper with a number on it!! Even if the number works great you have wasted a week getting the thing.  Walmart on line is $99.88 for email delivery, but for 10 cents savings it is still safer and faster to buy at store.  If you see a lower price here then go for it - but not at full price. Also Tracfone customer service is too awful to take a chance for full price.  Wait for the price to go down before you buy here.

Returned card,they charged me $25.00 for S & H.... What the hell do you want to hear, I retuned the damn thing....

Save myself ten dollars by ordering this card worked perfect even got some bonus minutes with a cove I had

The price was 20% less than in a store, so I took a chance and tried this out.  It arrived in a standard letter envelope with a sticker attached to a piece of paper instructing you how to use it.  After following the instructions, my phone registered the minutes and extra year of service with no problems at all.If you're like me and wondering if this is legit or not, it was for me.

NOTE: You do not receive a physical card for this purchase.  The envelope arrives with a sheet of paper inside with the TracFone code on it (which you then enter online to add your minutes).  The price was less than what I paid on the TracFone site for the same yearly service and minutes.  Plus, I have a newer phone so I received triple the minutes.  You can also search online for special codes to get bonus minutes with any purchase and the bonus code worked okay on my purchase.  After seeing how quick and easy this purchase was, I would buy minutes for TracFone from Amazon's site again in the future.

THIS IS A GREAT DEAL ON THIS CARD. THE PRICE IS LESS THAN AT WALMART OR ANYWERE ELSE. WILL BUY HERE NEXT YEAR IF THERE IS A GOOD DEAL LIKE THIS.

I was very pleased with this purchase. I saved money and experienced no problems activating the minutes on the phone.

Good.  Trac Fone cards are the best!  Easy to install, and cheap way to go as far as cell phone.

This is a great buy and it saved me Twenty bucks off the regular price. Don't know how they do it but I will be back. Thanks

I order two of these Tracfone cards each year - one for each our two phones.  Sometimes I get a piece of paper with the info written on it as others have mentioned.  This past week I received an actual card that looks like the one pictured above.  Both work fine as they have all the info needed to add minutes and time.The reason I am rating this particular purchase 4 stars is that the tiny little card sent priority mail last week came with Postage Due!  The 'postage' on the envelope was some sort of prestamped thing that I assume the sender put through their own postage meter as there was no actual amount written on the envelope that I could see.  However somewhere along the line the package got scanned and was determined that it was $.95 short.  When I pay an additional $4.99 for postage in addition to the item, it absolutely should not come with Postage Due.

good product and fine service, and quick with a good priceblah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah bl  ah blah blah blah

This is the first time I have order minutes per Amazon and It was very easy. I plan to order again in the future.

This was a first for me; ordering something through Amazon from another seller.  There was some confusion, as the Seller's name on the order page was "Card Art", and the Seller's name on the confirmation was "Veronica Tablet."  A call to customer service gave me assurance that everything was fine, although the explanation seemed a bit nebulous.Ordered: 02-27-11.New credit card supplied: 02-28-11.  (The system wouldn't accept my 'one use' credit card number the first time.)Shipped: 03-03-11.Received: 03-08-11.I don't know how they were able to sell a Tracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutes card at such a discount, and I was skeptical until I activated the card, but everything was fine.  The card was well packaged, including a card from the seller providing a direct e-mail in case there were any issues.This was a GREAT deal!

shows a picture of an actual tracfone card but when you receive it there is no card just a piece of paper explaining what to do, with the numbers you need. a bit of a surprise you don't actually get what is pictured and pay almost $5 for shipping a piece of paper. However fast shipping.

Bought their newest and best phone, the LG 840G. It would not send photos anywhere. Spoke to FOUR separate tech support people. They offered zero help; while courteous, they did absolutely nothing by way of guidance, suggestions or whatever. They simply listened to me state---and restate---the problem. When I sent a detailed e-mail to them asking for a refund on my phone, all they did was tell me to call tech support again. I replied that I had already spoken to FOUR different tech people, was tired of spending so much time stating and restating my problem, and I wanted a refund. Why should I believe that a FIFTH tech person would be able to solve my problem when all the first four did was listen to what the problem was? Their response, call tech support. Moral: sign up with a carrier which has brick and mortar stores that you can actually GO TO when something like this happens.

We found this to be the best buy and especially if your phone has double or triple minutes. It came out the least expensive per minute. We will purchase it again.

It seems that some reviewers would rather discuss the Pro's and Con's of TracFone and there customer service as apposed to this card, which is what the review should be about. So let me review this card first and touch on the rest later.Previous to using this card I was using  prepaidonline.com  for my Tracfone minutes. They are about the same price as Tracfone but unlike Tracfone the service was excellent. All my transactions where over the phone to a US operator. My minutes where added to my phone while I was talking to them " Nice and easy with no problems ". I saw this card on Amazon for 30% off the list price and $30 less than I was paying, so I bought it. True it only has 400 min. on it but I have double minutes on my phone so that adds up to 800 total. With prepaidonline.com I was getting the 800 min plus 200 bonus minutes but my phone is rarely used for long conversations, so 800 min. is plenty in fact I have 900 min leftover on my phone now. All I was concerned with was the time left, and this card gave me another year.The Amazon seller was Veronica Tablet and they sent it overnight even though I was expecting Prime 2 day delivery. It was packaged properly and super easy to use. I just put the pin # from the card in on my phone to add minutes and within a minute the time and minutes where added to my phone. I noticed the price fluctuates on this card depending on the seller, I have seen it go from 69 to 99 dollars.  Best to keep watching it untill the price is right.As for Tracfone I have had it for nearly 5 years and love it. I have not had any problems PERIOD. I have traveled extensively on the East Coast with no dead areas or connection problems. Reviewers mention Tracfone customer service is lousy, well I have never used them. I have used prepaidonline.com from the beginning, that could explain why I have not had any problems.

Best price I could find.  Buying a year of minutes is a great way to have an emergency cell phone.

I have had several Tracfones over the past several years.  They are cheap if your not a big cell phone user.  I like that part about them.  But the big frustration has been installing new days of service.  Always difficult!!  Not this one however.  It installed in just a couple of minutes.  That is probably an indication of an overall improvement in their software rather than just this card. But it was easy to install.  Shipping by this Amazon supplier was fast too.

The 1 year card was used before I was able to used the card.  Tracfone said the card had been used on another phone.  I don't own another phone from tracfone.  I was on the phone for 1 1/2 hours and I finally got half of the credit for the 1 year card.  I should of had additional minutes but Tracfone would allow.  So I Will not buy another card from Amazon from Cellphone deals.

Good cheap way to have a cell phone if you just want one for emergencies or to make a few calls.

What a great buy.  Had no trouble putting the air time on my cell phone and was well pleased with their support.

This company has the worst web site and worst customer support to fix the errors on their web site.Avoid at all costs.If everything goes well, it can be a deal.  If not, it is the most painful experience of your life.

I am happy the I year card, I don't have to worry about service for a year and that's good.

It's not a regular tracfone min. card like I received before.  I wasn't paying attention to the picture posted. Just so happened, I was expecting a new sim card fr tracfone but this came first, so I called tracfone that the package has no sim card but a piece of paper with the pin# on it. He told me, it's not fr tracfone... so, I set aside without realizing what is that for.  Just today, I realized that it's been long to receive my tracfone card so I check the amazon order and now I found out that the paper I set aside was the one I'm waiting for, My trcfone minutes.  Hmmm I'm glad I did toss it out in the trash. Otherwise, there goes my $89.98 money....

Since I don't live on my phone this deal was a no-brainer for me.  The # of minutes (text and data) are tripled because of the phone I purchased, so I'm probably set for the next year or so - just have to keep track of my anniversary date.  Don't know if it's as good of a deal for those who use alot of minutes/data, but seemingly should work for me.  This is my second time with Tracfone and highly recommend their service.

ThIs was said to be the 1 year card and that is what I expected to get.  But I had to send them my phone # and they added the minutes but then I did not receive the double minutes I was supposed to get.Will not buy any more.  Can do better at Wal-Mart!

This card is the best value for the money. You get 1 year of airtime which means you don't have to worry about buying a card every 60 days. If you run out of minutes you don't have to rush right out a buy another card to keep your number active because your covered for a year.

Seamless transaction, good value vs. in store purchase, and such quick delivery that you were not inconvenienced in the slightest! The perfect solution for those who don't live with their ears glued to a  phone!

I ordered this card, and even with shipping, saved $10. Note--you can also use the promo code (for example found on Tracfone's website) for bonus minutes. It worked fine with this card. On the Tracfone website I clicked add airtime from card, and there was a space to enter a promo code.With my double minutes on my phone and the promo code, I got 1050 minutes for $90 total.

This is a great value and a super way to update minutes on your phone rather than going to a store.

A great way to reduce the cost of cell phone service. Card was shipped to me quickly so I could add the minutes before I ran out.

After purchasing (but before activating) the Tracfone card, my daughter's phone stopped getting service at our home.  After making a request, the selling company accepted return of the unscratched card.  Thanks for the great customer service.

Saving money on telephone company plans makes this an outstanding buy. I would definitely recommend this to all of myfriends.

Very pleased, got triple minutes with my TracFone LG 505c too.  For my use this is a very good buy .

Best price by $20.00 I could find. Arrived proptly. With triple minutes for life I got 1200 minutes and 12 months.

Good Value and best price I've found. Seems to have no problems. I would recommend this purchase over a store bought item.

Tracfone 400 minute / 365 day card from CardArt.List price: $99.99.Paid: $74.99! + Free Shipping.Saved $25 aka 20%!Used card for 400m + DMFL + Promo Code = 400+400+250 = 1050 Minutes!WILL buy again, DO recommend.

This was a great deal!  One year of service and 1,200 minutes (for the price of 400)!  Best deal yet!

Instead of paying $99.99 for a 1-year card at a retail store, or at Tracfone, I thought I'd save 20% by purchasing this card.  On my $79.99 order, they added $5 shipping and handling; so my savings dropped to 15%.  I expected the cute green plastic card by mail.  Instead, I got one injet printed page with a sticker on it with a tracfone PIN.  The PIN worked on my phone and I got my 1-year and 400 minutes.  My order was processed same day and I received my package the second day.  Speedy, savings, effective.

Great haven't used yet because didn't realize that phone I got came with minutes already mae on time just fine

My wife and I have both been on Tracfones for a couple of years now- no landline, no smartphones.  The value was good even when we called family alot, but now we mostly use it to locate each other around town or call someone to let them know we're on the way.We have double minutes on both of our phones which doubled a 1500 to a 3000 minute year long card.  With 8 days left, I still have 1700 minutes hanging around, so I just wanted a year card with no minutes.  This card is the closest to it.  I could do the six dollar a month add 30 days and no minutes plan, but at 85 dollars, I'm basically paying 13 dollars more for 800 minutes in addition to the year of time, so..,Tracfone customer service is excellent, which was good because the phones out of the box aren't always 100 percent.  We had to call tracfone to have them help get the internet functionality setup on each of our phones- the person in India spoke english better than I do as they read off half a dozen 20-digit codes needed to enable the internet functionality on our respective phones.  Also you can only add email addresses to contacts saved on the phone memory I think - if you try to save contact on the sim card, it only allows for phone and maybe fax number or something.  Data cable is impossible to find, but we were able to email the pictures we took.  They're not the best quality on a computer screen, but fuzzy in a 1980's photography way on a 5 x 8 print.  We have a Canon SD3500IS for taking the best (amateur-level :)) pictures and video, but the tracfone paid for itself a hundred times over at the scene of a moderate fender bender we had.As a PS Samsung T301G is the only tracfone cell phone worth buying.  The others are refurbished, and the LG600something disconnects itself whenever it touches your face- its survivable but annoying as heck.  Tracfone had pulled the Samsung phone, but they put it back a few days after I wrote a crazy mad email demanding that model. :)PPS> My father has Net10 and says they're a nightmare.  Go Tracfone.

1 year of service and 400 minutes,this is a great card if you dont want to add minutes and time every 90 days!!!!!

You get 10% off with this company compared to most other retailers. My triple minutes phone also worked to triple the time as did the 250 minute bonus. I do wish however that they would just send the PIN by email but for some reason, they insist on mailing it.

It was nice to get my tracfone card in the mail and I didn't have to travel to get it. I have an hour and a half ride to get to the store so this saved me a trip.

At one point I started to realize that I was hardly using my phone to make phone calls. I decided that it would be more beneficial not to renew my contract (I think I was paying $50/month) and purchase a prepaid phone. Initially I purchased a phone with double minutes but once I did the math I decided that a phone with triple minutes was a better investment. Initially I was purchasing 200 minutes and 90 days of service card, I made the mistake of purchasing the service card at my local retailer for about $46 after taxes. Once I did the math I was expecting to pay $184/year for approximately (2400 minutes plus 4x(50 bonus minutes)) 2600 minutes that comes out too $0.07/minute. Now for the 1 year service card I paid $77 and got a total of 1200 minutes plus 250 bonus minutes a total of 1450 minutes which comes out too $0.053/minute. So the 1 year service card ends up been less expensive than the 200 minute card and almost what I used to pay in 1.5 months with my previous phone provider. I guess this only works out if you don't use your phone that often which is the case for me.

Good price compared to buying directly from tracfone. we plugged the numbers in the tracfone and the minutes are automatic. It only take a few minutes compared to years ago when we had to call tracfone and enter a zillion numbers.

Purchased for my mother-in-law. For basic phone service for the year its hard to beat this price. Using with the Big Easy phone. Works out to less than $9.00 per month.

I purchased this card at $10 less than retail for 400 minutes and 1 year of service on our new Tracfone.  The phone is a Double-Minute phone, so the 400 minutes turned into 800 minutes after I entered the code, at no extra cost.  For 1 year, that is about $7 per month, at an average of 67 minutes of talk time per month.  Of course this is 800 minutes for the whole year.  Depends on how much you talk.* Tip:  Amazon has been out of stock on the LG flip phone, that was listed around $20.  So we bought it at our local Wal-Mart for only $15, that included the accessories package of travel charger, case, and ear phones.  And the phone is double minutes!  Good deal if you only use the phone when necessary (not for phone gabbers).
