
I have owned this phone for 4 months now and not impressed with it. I had a Samsung Propel before and loved it. So when it stopped working I knew I wanted a phone similar. While yes this phone is a Samsung and a slider like the Propel it doesn't function super great.Here are a list of pros and cons I've discovered...Cons:-I'm a fast texter and sometimes the phone is slow to catch up with what I'm typing-so letters might get missed-for some reason the phone will randomly re-start itself all the time. I could be on the internet, in the middle of making a phone call, sending a text, or not even touching the phone. That irritates me a lot. I have seen other reviews where people had this problem as well.-The phone will sometimes freeze up and the only way to fix it is to take out the battery to re-start the phone. This seems to happen if you have more than one application open on the phone-I'm not a huge fan of touch screens and sometimes when I touch the screen it doesn't do anything.Pros:-the slider function-a full keyboard with a .com short-cut button for e-mails or internet addresses-large screen-nice camera with 2.0 mega pixels and fun functions to tweak your photos-a favorite contacts list on the main screen-built in short cut for facebook and myspacewhile the Samsung Flight has some cool features that my old Samsung Propel didn't have, I still don't like this phone. It looks cool, but the overall functionality of the phone kinda sucks. I wish I would have returned it, but I'm stuck with it until it decides to quit working. I suggest you go into a retail store to play around with this phone before you buy.

My phone broke and I needed a cheap fast replacement.  this phone works but it's software leaves something to be desired and it is not great for texting because it does not have a chat mode where you can see the conversation.

Great phone, very well set up for ease of use, screen size is good for internet use, touch screen responds well, a little heavy but does not get hot with long conversations, I'm very pleased.

After unlocking the phone, it works with Tmobile sim card but it still has the AT&T logo on the screen, same as mobile online. Other than that phone works great.

Phone was for my husband, he likes the phone, it serves its purpose it is not a smart phone, which we knew and he didn't need that, the buttons on keypad are pretty small for his guy fingers.

Thank so much for the phone i bought it for my daughter and she loves it thank you so much

I ordered this phone for my mom for Christmas.  She loved the phone and it was not as hard for her to use as some of these newer phones.  Only complaint is that the trim around the camera on the back of the phone came off.  Used glue to put it back on.

I wish i would have bought a new one this used one is good but i have trouble getting it to charge i have to work with it.

I like so many features on this phone, it's nice and light and the keyboard is nice and easy to use, but the lack of threaded messages just makes it a pain to use. It seems like such a simple thing, but not having it makes having a coherent conversation pretty difficult.

When i first got the phone the bluetooth didnt work so i sent it back and they promptly sent another. its a great phone the only thing i dont like is when you close the slider, you cant set it to lock the screen. it has good service in places i thought would be a problem. overall i really do like the phone.

I couldn't be more pleased with this phone.  It's everything I was looking for without the having the added charges of a smart phone.

I was hesitant to buy a cellphone from amazon. I purchased this from cellphonekings and I have not been disappointed. Phone seems to be as advertised been using several weeks and no problems and much cheaper than purchasing from att.

This phone is a great option if you are looking for a full keyboard but not a smart phone. Its simple and reliable. The camera and video quality are a little below average, but more than acceptable for text messages and email. Certainly won't replace a point and shoot camera.

I really like this phone, I do not have a data plan, so I cannot comment on that. The touch screen is so cool and the keyboard is nice to have also. Overall, I think this phone is worth getting and you will really like it.

This is the best phone I've ever had.  I had the opportunity to upgrade but I will stick with this phone until the day it dies on me.

I bought this phone from a local dealer without reading any reviews.  Big mistake!While it's interesting to have a touch screen and a somewhat responsive QWERTY keypad, that's about all that I liked about the phone.My biggest issue is the software...  Many features on the phone cannot be adequately customized especially the "Mobile Web" feature that is the main internet software on the device.  If you like to tweak your phone to work best for you, this isn't the one.  There is an alternate internet app called "browser" which I found to be much more useful, but still lacked customization.I also found the messaging to be slow.  When you type letters, they don't show up as quickly as you press them.  If you're pretty quick with your thumbs, you'll find this device can't keep up.  One texting feature I did like about the touch screen was that when you get a text, you can reply on the screen without sliding the phone open.  You touch the screen, then it displays the standard 9 numbers with letters (the old style before QWERTY.)  You can enter your message that way and the phone vibrates slightly when you enter a letter.Anyway, if I didn't have access to another phone, I could live with this one, but I'd be very unsatisfied.I bought a Motorola Karma instead and it is an amazing phone that blows this one out of the water.  It's a texting, social network, internet kinda phone that doesn't require a data plan.  It's a perfect fit for me and was programmed for "ease of use" where the Samsung Flight fails miserably.

The reception is not as good as I had hoped for.  Battery does not hold a charges very well.Love the size and ease of use.  Use it mainly for texting.  Great for that except for battery life.

The phone is nice, but one big set back.  There is no text history.  Older Samsung phone had this feature, thought the new touch screen version would too.  Bummer!

After only six months this phone became difficult to charge and now is impossible to charge.  At first I thought it was just the AC charger but the same thing happens when using the car charger.  If I fight with it enough (as in taping the cord to the phone, then I may eventually get a full charge.  My family has had a number of Samsung phones over the years and all worked well, but this one is a lemon.  Don't waste your money...

The phone was advertised as &#34;new&#34; but was refurbished and had an after-market battery. It didn't work and I had to return it

My sister in law asked me to order this for her, so far no complaints and from her that is a good indication ;-)

Only negative is the small keyboard but he rarely uses it to text and instead uses the screen.  Camera makes good pictures.

I had to send the original back because it wouldn't complete calls.  The first phone as well as the second one will not charge via a car charger.  I even spent extra money and bought a SAMSUNG car charger.  Neither phone would charge by 12V.  Also, the reason I purchased this phone was because of the external antenna port.  I've always buy phones with the port for attaching to a external antenna at my remote cabin.  The original and replacement phone will not work.  I have a samsung 777 and it works fine.  I will not buy SAMSUNG phones in the future.  This phone was a complete waste of money.  I am back using my old phone as it charges via a car charger and will work with a external antenna.

This was a gift for my mother and she loved it!!!! Easy to use and affordable. If you are looking for a phone that looks nice and is easy to use, this is it.

I have had this phone for over 6 months now and i love it. I do not use it right now because where i work the screen was getting messed up so i bought a new phone. do not like the new phone though. I still have this phone and it is my favorite phone i have ever owned.

This phone was a replacement 4 the exact model I already had! It was not shipped as fast as I would have liked, only because my old one was not working.  However, I did get t within the guide line & was very pleased with the pkg & contents.  It was identical to my old phone & came with AC & battery.Great doing business with them.

so i bought this phone for my mom who was going out of the country for vacation and she wanted to activate one in our country and she said it worked fineandshe was very happy with it

since I bought this product, i felt disapointed, because when the package arrived to Venezuela, the cellphone restarted again and again and again! Never works!

Phone's text messages take forever to send and am having trouble receiving or connecting phone calls. I would never purchase this phone again!

I'm writing this review with the Flight. This phone is my favorite phone yet! I use this phone to talk, text, google every now and then, but mostly take pictures of my son and upload them to Facebook. The camera is really good quality, more than I expected, and social nexworks work just fine without the cost of a data plan! The keyboard is perfect for me because I prefer to use only one hand to text. There's only one thing that I don't like, I cant change the screen saver pictures, other than that I love it. oh yeah, the batterly life is amazing (especially since I'm always on fb) even when it's dying it stays on for another day!

I have had this phone before and let me just say it has taken a beating and still functions. The only reason that I had to order another one was because after dropping it into a glass of Coke, the speak went out. Otherwise the darn thing still worked lol. If your looking for something that you can download apps to and do all the fancy things that smart phones do you will be disappointed. However, if your looking for a phone that you will be using just to make phone calls and text then this is the phone for you. It gives you the ability to text with the Qwerty board or you can use the scree to text. It is touch screen and it work really well. It isn't over sensitive like other touch phones that I have had in the past and did I mention it can take a beating?? I have dropped this phone ( at least once a week) so bad that it literately sent the back of the phone flying on way, the battery the opposite way, and the rest of a phone in another direction. Once I picked up the pieces and put them back together it work like it had not been dropped at all.  I am taking off one star simply because the battery will go bad after awhile so if your investing in this phone please expect to have to replace the battery after about a two years or so.

This phone is much better than I thought, it fulfilled my expectations and more. Awesome product. I recommend it for any users who don't want a flashy smart phone. This phone is simple, ellegant, and very practical .

I had an old flip phone for over 10 years but it worked well and was small, sleek and lightweight so when I was looking for replacement over the past few years that does not require a data plan, I had very little options.  There were ugly, bulky phones for $20 to $60 that I don't want even if free. When I saw this feature phone and read some of the review, I decided I will take a risk and if it was horrible then it's time to upgrade to a smartphone or see how much longer will my flip phone last.I had the phone for almost 2 weeks and it has dropped from $60 to $52. It's about the size and weight of my work BB and it had a touch screen that is responsive. The battery life is good, about 2 bars after 4-5 days with minimal daily calls/texts. The reception, speaker and calls are good and voice recognition is decent but I needed to calibrate it.  I still need to swipe the screen to turn on the speakerphone even when using the voice feature.  I wish it had dedicated button to push to activate the speakerphone so I don't need to look at the screen and activate it; my ancient phone had it. The menu is not designed well and require multiple entries to get to feature I needed and won't allow you to cutomize your menu screen. It does a have dedicated button to access features quickly like web, messaging, music player, games, etc.  So far, no regrets and I might be able to use this for the next year or 2 until data plans comes down in price or the phone breaks.

I bought two of these phones because my husband's older phone was scratched and damaged, mine had lost a screw (or some small metal part), and I didn't want to carry the really nice Fender phone he got me for my birthday. (I know that sounds silly, but it's a collector's item.)This Samsung is the nastiest little phone I've ever used and I've been carrying cell phones for twenty years.  It's ugly, cheap metallic-red and has the nastiest little keyboard I've ever used.  I've been unable to open simple messages, unable to save messages, and my contacts list seems to have a mind of its own.  My camera never worked (not a big deal to me).  My husband has had other problems with his Samsung (identical model, same ugly color, same everything -- I bought both at the same time here at Amazon).  In short, I would never have bought this from Amazon if I'd seen and tried it out in person first.Edit:  Now I'm convinced these phones are cursed.  I used mine for an entire ten days.  During that time I received either phone calls or texts that three of my friends (unrelated to each other) died, was texted hate mail from an ex I haven't seen in over thirty years, and found out my ex sister-in-law has been lying to me about family problems.  Not in person, not through e-mail, not on my land line, and not by mail ... over the nasty little Samsung.  My husband has been carrying his Samsung daily for about two weeks and has received approximately two hundred "mistaken" messages from the school principal (he's a teacher) meant for delinquent kids' mothers.  He called just now and said he'd be home a half hour late because his Samsung (which he hates) magically disappeared from its locking case that is secured to the handle of his briefcase (high school kids like to pilfer technology).  There's no logical explanation for the way the phone keeps escaping, but this is the seventh or eighth time it's happened.  So if you're superstitious (and I am now), find a different phone.  I put mine away and am now using the Fender.  No bad news, and no problems.  I bought my husband a new (different) phone for Christmas.To sum up (sorry for the monologue), after walking into AT&T; and checking out the available phones at the same price as the cursed Samsungs, I know there are superior phones out there.  It's easy to click "Buy" online, but it isn't always the best idea, especially with things you have to handle intimately and often.

While it was a sad day to give up my iPhone, switching to this phone has been a good experience all around. After 3 months, I am still a happy customer. Obviously, it is no iPhone, and the screen is not nearly as responsive, but it WORKS, it's STURDY, and is not glitchy. I do a lot of texting, and my accuracy is actually better on this little qwerty slide-out keyboard than on my iPhone. I'm a guy, and while I don't have HUGE hands, these keys are very easy to maneuver and my accuracy is high. The hearing is good, and the mic works great in phone calls. It also has a great camera. The other day, I discovered it actually takes PANORAMIC photos! What?! I look forward to using it for a good long time.

Alright, so this is an alright phone for those of whom like me aren't into the new latest smart phones, but this phone is ridiculous. I would love the phone if I can get on internet or use my multimedia. I got this phone for my net10 sim, but I didn't know at the time that this phone will not let you update the apn for net10's service. So if you are going with at&t this is great. If you are trying to put a different sim in it. This is a horrible phone. DO NOT PURCHASE.

My mom needed a new phone but is not tech savy.  I bought this phone for her and she loves it, she even transferred her numbers by herself.  Her old phone was not loud enough, but this one is perfect.

My daughter had this phone before and used it for over 2 years, I bought this phone to replace her old one (this was a christmas gift).  She was extremely happy with it!

My little nephew love this cell. It work really good and I love the slide to open and close. The little one is happy.

A-1 condition and very fast shipping. It is an extra phone so do not know how it will be in  the future but we are pleased.  We charged it and put the sims card in and everthing works fine.  If it works as well as it looks things will be great.  But, overall we were pleased with it.  The seller was very efficient.  Extremely nice phone.  For the price - you cannot beat it!!!!!

Love this Samsung A797 Flight! This is the second (identical) Flight I've purchased.  First phone lasted several years and had lots of wear on it.  When it was time to pick a new phone, I had no need for anything different.  Would recomment to those who are interested in a texting phone.

I bought this phone for my mother. After two days, she complained about having lots of static noise. Neither of us liked how the touchscreen operated either. If you are looking for a basic phone, I wouldn't recommend this phone.

Easy to use. Battery doesn't hold a charge for very long.  But, for the price it is a good deal.

This phone wasn't that great from the start and it has only gone downhill in the year that I've had it. My boyfriend and I both got this phone at the same time and both of our phones are pretty lackluster.The touch screen is slow and hard to use. The phone lags. The side buttons are too easily triggered and my boyfriend who doesn't have a mobile web plan keeps accidentally getting on the internet, which costs us extra.My boyfriends phone had to be replaced after it shut off and wouldn't start back up. AT&T; sent him a refurbed Flight that has many of the same issues as my current one.After a year my phone will randomly drain it's own battery, the alarm shuts itself off, and the touch screen is even less responsive than it had been. Save yourself the trouble and don't buy this phone.

This cell phone has the worst reception ever! have tried transferring my sim card in others cells just to make sure it wasn't just the spot I was in and I got reception just fine, with this cell phone I can't catch reception at all and it only lets me make emergency calls. Also the phone's battery life is terrible this cell phone has turned off on my twice and I don't know why. I had an old black berry and it worked better than this and my black berry was way older than this cell and used! Not worth a penny!

I had one of these particular phones and I purchased this one for my wife we both love the phone and it has been very durable and held up very well I have had my over 4 years and it was working fine until just recently and the touch screen quit working but after that long of a period of time I can't complain it has been a great phone

I do not need a smartphone but I wanted a keyboard for texting and this phone was perfect. The bluetooth works great in my car and the phone has a call forward option that allows me to forward calls when I miss a call on my cell phone. The touch screen works well and the screen lock can be disabled simply by sliding the phone open. The price was also very reasonable for the quality of this phone.

The phone works great for the price. Good value, excellent reception.  I would recomend the phone to a friend lookng for a cheap relieable phone.

Phone and text work just fine. I bought to use with Consumer cellular and it works very well with their network.

I did not like the text message portion of the phone all the other features of the phone were nice but it had chat style text messaging I returned the phone with no problems

All opinions aside... I will say. this is a great little phone. You can access facebook, AOL mail, and many many other features. Can you surf easily? no... but you also dont have to pay for a "smart phone" package either. My phone has taken many beatings. As I have a 3 year old.. its swam in coffee, the tooilet, juice... and it STILL works. Its a tough little bugger for what it is. The keyboard is a little small... but thats never affected me. Pictures come out BEAUTIFULLY in the sunlight. I have NEVER had a touchscreen issue, and I love that fact that my 3 year old can make me personalized "Text alerts". If your looking for all that fancy stuff. You wont be happy with this phone... if youre like me, and have a laptop, and an mp3 player, and a kindle.. etc and dont need all that or arent addicted to social networks (you can STILL access them) then this phone is PERFECT. I love mine. 2 years and still going strong!

I got this phone for my husband in Feb and he hated it.  I am now unfortunetly using it and agree, hard to use touch screen, slow email, small key board ( use a pen to type!)

Bought this item for two reasons. First I liked the looks of the phone very unique, Secondly the value. I would recommend.

I love this phone it works great and it was a fantastic gift for my daughter it was a gift for her..

Phone was nice, in ok condition. The touch screen has been faulty, Only working about 2/3 of the time. It's ok for what I use it for, but if I were looking for a quality product I'd be disappointed.

The only problem I had with this phone, is the lack of any type of instructions.  Once I figured it out on my own, (not touch phone savvy) I fell in love with it.  Great phone, at a great price!

PLEASE MAKE SURE WHEN SELLING ANOTHER ITEM, IT WORKS. THE BATTERY WOULD NOT KEEP A CHARGE AND THE PHONE WOULD OVERHEAT WHEN ON THE CHARGER.... PHONE IS GREAT BUT IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY..

I liek the slider on this phone, for me the buttons are ok even tho i have very large hands

Seems to be a dieing breed a phone that does what you want at a reasonable price. No it's not going to mimic what an I Phone will do but if you want good reception, instant messaging, good sound quality give the phone a go...I actually liked it enough to get a second one just in case I ever needed a backup, or the kids needed a replacement.Understand the features, do a little home work and you should be happy with decision to buy.

I would tell all my friends about this phone  it is dependable easy to learn everything is there where you need it  the sound is very clear its a very good phone .

the phone wouldn't work for my mom at all. so i decided to return it. but i didnt even get all my money back..CROOKS

We got this because it was going to replace the expensive data package of an iPhone.  It was too hard to use and the touchscreen was too slow.

Comes with AT&T Apps, can not personalize phone. could not use with Consumer Cellular. Had to return it and get another phone

i had an android smartphone and got sick of the broken screens and slow touch responses, so i went back to the messaging phone (aka the flight) instead, very happy so far but i didnt give it 5 stars for minor reasons, it doesnt have a headphone jack so if u wanna listen to music via your phone u have to go buy an adapter piece for it...not a big deal but an extra cost and errand. Other than that i havent had any problems so far, had it for about a month and i like it a lot...however i do miss my applications, like instagram and email app. It is a great phone if you dont use your internet much (its kinda old school internet) but works well for the basics, good for people who have a laptop or computer for lengthy media use. but overall no serious complaints so in general its a pretty decent phone!
