
Got the phone today I love it! I got the white 9000 bold and it's amazing!!! Got me a case it works so fast! And the screen is amazing!

paint drops the battery is not original to change the horns tube that did not hear the converzaciones I feel cheated by this seller

Well am sorry I love Amazon but I had high hopes and excitement about my phone and it horrible. My blackberry freezes sometimes am not able to answer my calls or send messages on time and the battery is not an original Blackberry battery so therefore my phone dies in 20 to 30 minutes top. If I was to take my battery out which was fully charged and put it back in to re boot it turns back on and the battery is completely drained. Very disappointed!

i bought 3 of these phones for resale, i took pne for my personal use did not last me anytime in less than a month the back of the broke that had never happen to me before , i only use blackberry phones and this was the worst phone ever i sold one to a friend that one was return to me for same reason

Now i write to express my opinion about this blackberry bold 9000, i recomend you this product, because the shipping was fast and the phone is in exelent condiction, new and nice....

I ordered this phone back in august. I received it an only having it about 3 wks it stopped working. I was sent a replacement phone an after receiving it, It wouldn't even power on. I've had it over a month an neither phones work I have received from you guys. I've called an sent a tons of messages an no one will reply to me. I would like to have my money back after getting 2 phones that don't even work.

Compre este telefono como nuevo y en realidad me mandaron uno reconstruido... soy de Venezuela y no lo pude regresar por los costos de envios... el teclado no sirve, escribo una letra y se repiten hasta 10 veces, la bateria no dura ni 5 horas, NO RECOMIENDO ESTE TELEFONO.... si lo compran que sea bajo su propia responsabilidad...

I love this Blackberry phone, but I've been experiencing a bit of a problem with getting it to ring when calls are coming in.  I ordered this phone because I wanted a white one and the newer version that I probably would have gotten otherwise (The Curve) did not come in white.  This ones a little bigger, but I really still like it. It's just taking me awhile to adjust to a phone that has so many capabilities.  I hope it lasts a long time, because that's how long I plan on keeping it.

I am totally disappointed with this item. I plugged in the phone and it does not charge. All I see on the screen is a big red "X" in front of a picture of a battery meter in the middle of the screen. I am totally disappointed.

this is the worst phone i have ever bought, it have hidden device issues that you are not aware of until the warranty runs out and no one to help

I will give it zero stars!!!!! I ignored all the reviews. I usually pay attention to the reviews but this time I needed a phone and ignored them. Well it turns out that the negative reviews are right. I bought the phone from Amazon directly, the phone rejects all the sim cards I tried. I tried My sim card from Simple Mobile which is part of t-mobile.  I thought maybe it was my sim card . I tried my mom's sim card from AT&T and I tried my friends sim card from tmobile . The phone only made calls it didn't work for text message , internet or bbm. I am a very tech savy person and I know how to make a phone work and to respring the software . Well NOTHING works!!!! That's why I am returning it. Never again buying a phone  online is not worth the risk or the headache . Now I have three days without a phone and I spent the whole time without a phone during the hurricane . NEVER AGAIN!!!!

After reading several other reviews AFTER I purchased this phone I had pretty low expectations of the product I'd receive. Initially it said I wouldn't receive the phone for 5 weeks. It arrived after 4 days and it was in an original Blackberry box which was sealed, with all new accessories and a phone that had no scratches, dents, mismatched pieces or appeared used. I spent a lot of time reading all the other reviews who said not to purchase from this company because it's fraud but I am pleased with the product I have received. I am a Blackberry lover who cannot bring myself to spend $400+ in my cellphone retail stores every time I break or lose a phone. I recommend this seller. The product was in perfect working condition with all new parts.

Good day, just a week ago came the merchandise in my hands, I bought 1 of BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot - International Version with Warranty (white), also to take so long, the box is not the original blackberry, is defective in the back cover and you can not close because party wine, plus it did not bring the leather case, did not bring the cd-room and battery is used, beaten and very fast download only takes 1 day no charge and brought the micro sd, for this reason I ask you to respond to my claim, because the cell phone I bought had to be new and seems to be used

Bought this phone on Feb 28,2012 not even a month later the phone does not charge at all. I have had other blackberries before and I've never had this happened. The worst of all is that while I bought this phone in the states now I can't return due to the simple fact that I am overseas so basically I'm out of the money. I highly reccomend NOT to buy this phone not even if you are in the states it is not worth the hassle.

I have had BlackBerrys for ever. And this one was so terrible. Wi-fy would not connect. Keys broke within a month. I bought it NEW and it had clearly been used. The back part of it wouldn't stay on either. Bummer.

This phone was not new!!!! Refurbished rubbish. I can not get on the internet and there are no games. Waste of time and money.

I am that kind of person that does not believe in others opinion`s or reviews, but I regret not having read them before buying this device, Its really been a nightmare, the battery they sent me was used, the color of the body is fading out, the back broke, its not even compatible with a data plan (thats right, no bbm, or email) I cant even get rid of it cause none of my friends wants to buy this crap. STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER.Jeff Bazos should sincerely look into this..

This is a fake phone. It is not even new like it says... I bought it and then i couldnt use it because it wasnt new... Watch out people..

Recomiendo 100% a este vendedor (Blue Electronics) 100% responsables, a la hora de comprar dice que el producto te llegara en un mes aproximadamente, pero no a los 5-6 dias te llega (al casillero en USA en mi caso), a pesar de que lo envian desde china (bueno el mio lo enviaron desde china), le haces preguntas al vendedor y el mismo dia te responde... el celular me llego en buenas condiciones, totalmente nuevo, con todos sus accesorios, funcionable y tal como lo pedi... 100% recomendable... Exito a todos!!!

I RECEIVED THE PHONE AND WHEN YOU TURN WANTED never caught.YOU CHANGE THE BATTERY, AND NOT ON. THE PLATE IS IN SHORT CIRCUIT

Buenos dias estimado/asLa atencion por parte del vendedor fue excelente y la entrega a la fecha indicada por parte de ellos muchas gracis de antemano.

Hi guys im literally angry this product is not what i order they send mi another thing and not new is refurbished also very slow process now they dont anwers my questions on email! DONT BUY ANITHING TO THIS PEOPLE

Vivo en caracas, venezuela, Pedi este telefono y me llego en una semana(dos dias a miami y en 5 aca), lamentablemente me llego da&ntilde;ado, pero contacte al servicio de postventa de amazon e inmendiatamente me enviaron otro celular y me diron un plazo de un mes para enviar el da&ntilde;ado, lo unico malo que tuve que pagar el envio y es bastante costoso. por demas todo excelente. el celular funciona bien, y cumple con mis expectativas, ademas posse un a&ntilde;o de garantia.saludos

the phone looks nice but the keyboard donsnt work. When you press any key the letters being duplicated or triplicated

This is the worst experience I've had with a BB. First it came with charging problems, I returned it. The next came with antenna problems. I've paid more in return shipping and fixing it than what it cost me. And the seller: Lucky Electronics has a totally disappointing return policy.I do not recommend, nor the BB less the provider.

Unfortunately, I have to send to phone back because of a unfix manufacturing battery charging matter. I do not recommend the BlackBerry Bold 9000 to anyone.It was surprise gift for my wife and Iam relly feeling bad and very disappointed!Now I am waiting for my credicard refund but I have spent a lot of time handling that concern.

The blackberry was by far the WORST device ever. The keys didn't work! I have owned a blackberry for over 7 years and this product didn't work out of the box. The distributor said that I had a 3 day warranty when I called to request a replacement! I didn't ask for my money back, just a different device, which I thought was fair. Any reputable retailer would gladly replace a defective item.The device arrived right before Xmas (24th) and I called on the 28th and they said, "too bad, we were open on Christmas, you should've called then..." It never dawned on me that any retailer would be open. Most retailers closed in observance of the holiday. Apparently, this retailer, Worldwide does not observe Christian holidays and certainly doesn't respond in a Christian manner for sure. They were rude, cold on the phone and blamed me for not reading the tiny, and I mean tiny, print on their warranty.I am surprised that Amazon does business with them. The Atty General of California asked me to send them my device and a letter outlining my concerns, and it is on its way.Do NOT do business with this deceptive band of thieves.

My daughter love it. It's a gift to her from me. We was looking for the white blackberry and only Amazon has it with the good price. Highly recommend it.

Compr&eacute; el Blackberry Bold 9000  con hp electronics inc..y no ha servido. Aun no lo he podido usar porque ya tuvo que entrar en reparaci&oacute;n. El tel&eacute;fono se resetea solo. Una decepci&oacute;n total que no puedan garantizar un producto. Mal por Amazon y mal por el vendedor.Terrible. Preferible gastar un poco m&aacute;s y comprar con una compa&ntilde;&iacute;a de telefonia que por lo menos te garantice el servicio y el aparato.BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot - International Warranty - White

this is a deception, this product is not original. This smartphone is already damaged.this is an abuse the phone failed long before damaged

Seller said product was new. I am convinced that this was not a brand new phone, but refurbished. Have had nothing but problems with phone since I received it. Sent phone back because it stopped working within two months. Seller took several months to send back to me. When phone was sent back to me the back cover was broken, charger was missing in box and phone would not charge.  I am convinced they never repaired the phone. Now when I emailed and called seller they were friendly and made some effort to satisfy me. But the fact that the phone was sent to me with the back cover separated in the box from the phone, the sender had to have known that the clamp was broken. No charger, no instructions in box. For me personally, I like it when I am a satisfied customer and I will rate you high, but I can't with this deal. There is nothing the seller can say to convince me that I got a brand new, unused phone first go round, that is what I paid for. So buyer beware.

Excellent product, brand new cell, brought all the accessories, the pin is released and it worked perfectly with my phone operator in Venezuela, very good product I recommend

great!the only tiny problem is that sometimes the bberry messanger freezes...the white is beautiful!!!

this phone is garbage i bought it for my family in Jamaica when i get there the phone will not turn on when i take to the phone tech he said the circuit board is no good so i lost my money i would not recommend that anyone buy a refurbished phone they are no good

Nice Cell phone, in perfect shape new as it state in the description thanks a lot...am a happy customer.

I was very disappointed with this purchase because upon opening the package I discovered there the phone came without a battery.  It was purchased as a birthday gift for my son.  Soooooo upset and disappointed words cannot explain.

It was great at first then the buttons were shorting out and the back of it started coming off and breaking, it freezes all the time and the battery wont stay in place due to the back piece breaking. Shuts off all the time, this is a terrible phone! Dont waste your time and money on something this horrible!

Assalam AlaykomBullet points(*) It has the at&t; LOGO...!!!(*) it is not completely whit... just the front, the back is black, and I think that its not original... it falls a lot of times.(*) when someone calls me I cant hear him unless I put it on the loudspeaker(*) the box doesnt have the BB logoDo Not believe the pictures....

I havent had the chance to test it fully but it came when it said it would plus it arrived in great shape with some extra accessories.  Just I cant figuare out what the thing is in front, it almost looks like a front faceing camera but... idk how to see if it is because i cant find no switch camera feature on the phone yet.  I will give more of review when its actually in play but I've tried the blue tooth link with my playbook and then nothing in my settings show up on my playbook so restarting and it started showing again but Im not able to get bridge to work so I'll trouble shoot and if i cant I'll post that I cant thanks for your time.

I am very sad to say that after long weekend holiday, I was happy to receive this product but happiness short lived when I came to know that its not getting charged. Screen shows Cross mark on the battery indicator. Seems to me that battery is faulty. I am going to return this product as soon as possible.

fone was defective had to return it had to pay postage to return it having to do without a fone for another week NOT SAIDSFIED AT ALL WITH ON LINE EXPERIENCE

No vayan a comprar este articulo, es repotenciado! bateria china. caja usada. es una muy mala compra!!!1 sale con garanttia internacional y no existe eso!

nice phone i like the colour havent started using it as much yet but i know its pretty good so far

Battery went dead fast, and the screen got really hot on the side of your face and the back wouldn't stay on it.

It wasn't CDMA or gsm, therefore I could NOT get it turned on with any phone company . I wasted $117.00 and I am so angry about it .

I'll start with this - excellent customer service. Phone operator was very helpful and honest with my call.BUTI didn't know that at&t; charges all smartphones a standard data plan. I was planning to use Wi-fi on my campus only. Hence I returned the BlackBerry and went back to using my old non-smart phone.The BlackBerry they sent was not completely new though. Some accessories were a bit dusty even. They said it's because it is an unlocked phone. The CD-Rom and box that comes with aren't the original BlackBerry model either. But if you call them they will give partial refund.

I was expecting a real blackberry, instead I received something made in mexico and it wouldn't work at all it keep turning off by itself. so definitely a scam. I would no be buying anymore electronics from amazon. this is the second time it happened to me.

Keys stick causing double typing of letters. The situation became so bad that I had to buy anew phone as you can see from my account purchases. I have been a Blackberry fan for years and prefer it over the Galaxy as it is more user friendly. But this particular phone was a disappointment.

honestly did not think ue could sell a worse phone that this time of life was only 3 months of purchase we took him to a specialist center and they confirmed our suspicions was a phone repaired to be sold as supposedly new, I present the thousand faults and I do not recommend it for anything anyone not get fired their money.

please, i received thuis phone and it only work for one day, i doesnt work whatsoever! it came with a copy software cd, and is not working!

I purchased my phone through AT&T.;  Honestly, I would NEVER purchase electronics, especially a phone through a market place seller.I am not a high-tech kind of a person.  I use my phone for calls, listening to music, texting, taking pictures of my dogs, checking emails, a little internet surfing and that's about it.  The Aps I use are Starbucks, G-Mail for my college email and the "tag" thing.I LOVE MY PHONE!!!  It is easy to use. The screen is nice and I like the trackball mouse thing. (As I stated.... I am NOT a high-tech person.)I am happy with it and would advise anyone to get it.

It work just perfect out of the countryjust how it was describeIt was brand new and what I need

Very good phone, definitely a business level, Blackberry is one of the best decisions. It is not complicated, it has the functionality required.Regards

This phone is the ultimate user friendly device.This phone has a  beautiful pearlized finish on the face and the back is a gorgeous, rich, white, leather-like surface.The face also has a gold iridescent finish when tilted in certain lighting.Beautiful!I've had several phones and this one is leaps and bounds above any of the others.I highly recommend this device,especially for women.The pearlized finish on the face gives it a slightly female look IMHO.Very rich,elegant,expensive look that's definitely worth the asking price.

WorldWide Distributors sold me a STOLEN blackberry, IMEI: 359614021259176 PIN: 209421a4 anyone can check it out. I wrote them four times for the past two weeks, and they just dont care to solve my situation. Last time I wrote them was one week from today. I spent $249,95 for an useless mobile, I also thought it was new, but it wasn't. Can you belive they asked me for the color of the box? Dear Buyer,Please advise the color of the box of the item.On Tue, May 24, 2011 at 6:48 PM. What an insult, the color of the box is not going to unblock the mobile. I told them two ways to solve this situation: 1) unblock my mobile or 2) my money back and I will send them back the useless blackberry. I still waiting for an answer. I hope Amazon will help me get my money back and punish this people for selling stolen mobiles. My advise for everybody, DONT BUY NOTHING from this people. They are NOT HONEST.

This phone stopped working the second day I put it to use.i am very happy I finally got a space online for review response,cause I had wanted to make the review known to amazon.i am very displeased with the item.its just at home useless,like a piece of decoration.i really feel cheated for my monies worth,

Yo, nose si amazon o los vendedores tienen conocimiento de los artefactos electronicos que venden por que no puede ser que un telefono nuevo es la septima vez que lo mando a reparar y en este momento esta en terapia intensiva quedar&oacute;n en avisarme si tiene reparaci&oacute;n o no me preguntar&oacute;n si lo hab&iacute;a comprado en amazon contestando que si notificandome el tecnico que todos los telef&oacute;nos que vende amazon no son nuevos son aparatos viejos repotenciados no entiendo nada por que amazon vende telefonos viejos por nuevos claro despues que lleg&aacute;n al pais no siendo los estados unidos sale m&aacute;s caro la devoluci&oacute;n que el costo del aparato BlackBerry 9000 igual pasa con las baterias Srs. de amazon espero que se&aacute;n un poquito m&aacute;s cuidadosos en sus ventas no queda de otra cambiarse de tienda haber si uno la pega tan dificil que esta adquirir dolares en venezuela no es facil.

I'm %100 satisfied, I got exactly what I was looking for. I'm buying again for sure. My cell got here sooner than I expected.

This is s***. Defected, unreliable and horribly made over all. Do Not Buy. Looks good online, and I was excited to get it but I was let down fast.

It is not new, it is clearly recycled!i never had the chance to use it, not even a day!very dissapointed!

Hi everybody,I would like to share with you my problems concerned to my new Blackberry Bold 9000, bought through Wireovia supplier of Amazon web page. The physical problems are these:*It does not bring the appropriate manual, given that the model is Blackberry Bold 9000, and the handbook says "Thank you for choosing a Blackberry Storm2 smartphone", and provides information of that model, not the one that I bought.*It was supposed to include a white sheath (the phone is white), but it brought a black one.*It has a black spot, like if it was beaten or has fallen.*When I press certain keys, it writes the letter twice or even more times and I have to delete the leftover characters over and over again.*The charger does not work.Immediately after making my qualification over this poor cellphone I received, the Wireovia's people, Mrs. Chris and John, asked me to find a "friendly way" to reach a new agreement, by deleting my qualification about it and replacing the item. I made this, believing that they were good people and they would keep their word. Instead, I never received a solution. Mr. Chris seemed to try the reaching of an agreement, but Mr. John appeared in three times wasting my time, by making fooly questions, and refusing to give me a phone number or address to go and make this exchange.Unfortunately, on his last email, he told me that the cellphone was out of warranty, letting me without any posibility of getting my money back or replacing the Blackberry. I have to say, that I made my complain four days after I bought this, and two days ago they said it was out of warranty(it's 16th september today, they've kept me sending e-mails for 5 months). How much does the warranty last if, after 4 days, I couldn't make any complain anymore? I used the Blackberry for just 2 DAYS. What kind of people are they?John wasted my time, and also distracted me from my real issue, which was that Wireovia sells bad products. They seemed to be helpful people, but after I deleted my review, they didn't make their propposal over.Please, be careful with making deals with these sellers.John, you're a thief.BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot - International Warranty - White

COMPRE 2 CELULARES NUEVOS Y ME ENTREGARON 2 REFUNDIDOS, NO SIRVEN NI PARA REPUESTO, PERDI 400 DOLARES, NO LOS RECOMIENDO

compre 2 telefonos a estos ladrones y resulta q uno la pila no le sirve y el otro tiene la tarjeta madre da&ntilde;ada no le compren nada no sean victimas de este vendedor ladron y lo peor es q soy de venezuela que como los regresa unoBlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot - International Version - White

I received the product failed, when I turn on after a few minutes restarted.Send an email to Blue Electronics and failed to recognize the warranty.Do not buy this phone because they will be doing make money these ungrateful.thanks

its ok but it is not good enough.its hard to use and it keeps on hanging and hanging all you do is restart the cellphone all over again.sorry guys im just sayin

I BOUGHT FOR A FRIEND WHO HAD SO MANY ISSUES . IT WASN'T PROPERLY UNLOCK. BATTERY OVER HEATING . IT WAS MISS CERTAIN APP TO ALLOW BB MESSENGER. THEN I HAD TROUBLE GETTING SUPPLIER TO REFUND. I HAD TO COMPLAINT TO AMAZON TO EVENTUALLY GET MY MONEY BACK

Before buying the phone I read the criticism, but actually made ''the decision to risk it all came good and fine, the phone works great so far, all I brought was not the memory card, and I think these teams do not include the same ... the rest all is well and my wife really liked'm delighted with your phone, I recommend ...

I really like the blackberry, so I was hoping when I received the one I ordered that I would just put it together and start using it. Well when I got the phone, it didn't have a battery and I wasn't even notified by the seller, I had to email them and ask why there was no battery and the speaker on the phone sounds distorted or something. Very disappointed :(

I bought this blackberry in Sept. and it turned off constantly. You stroke letters for texting and they didn't come on the screen.  Gave me problems ever since I bought it.  Not good.

Refurbished, the phone was painted for better its sight, work just for 2 month, i dont recomend this phone is bad bad bad!!!

I received this phone, and within just 1-2 weeks the screen went blank. I got it for such a good price, and I was overseas so I didn't bother returning it.

Great price on this phone, but we think we know why.  We're pretty sure this is not an original Blackberry.  A few of the features are just off (it's smooth where it should be textured, etc).I wanted to return it, but my daughter says it works fine, so she doesn't want to hassle with a return.  Just hoping it continues to work and doesn't end up being a lemon!

I am very disappointed with this proceed.  It appears that it was not new but instead refurbish.  The screen display is not clear it's all fuzzy.  It should have come unlock, but I had to pay to unlock it, in additional to what I paid for the phone. overal i am not happy. if i could i would have return it!

1) Ordered brand new unlocked BlackBerry Bold 9000.2) Received used one with battery that can't be charged.3) Battery was skratched and it did look like the one that someone did return.4) Since I do a great deal of shopping on Amazon I will give them a chance to improve hoping that the customer service representative did put a note on my account not to send me used items never again. I would rather be informed that the ordered item will be delayed instead of getting something used.5) If the Amazon handles my refund promptly and keeps me up to date on the status of the return I will be buying more things from them.6) I also hope Amazon will show me some incentives to be a loyal customer to them since I have been doing quite a bit of purchases with them. Let's see how they treat customers who are willing to do business with them despite the fact that they got burnt.7) I hope that everything is going to work for me and we can keep on doing honest business for a long time into the future.

It arrived the next day, however it never charged so I never got a chance to use it.  Very disappointed!

May 10,2011 7:15pm EDT:This VERY UNFORTUNATE incidence that the phone which I bought has given it up completely. Its been hardly 5 months I bought this phone from AMAZON.Problems faced in the blackberry  9000 since i bought1. One of the major problem which i have faced since i have purchased is that the phone restarts anytime (even while a call is going on)2. The battery gets drained very fast sometimes even in 4 hrs.3. The phone can not be updated.4.  The color of the body is coming out.THIS IS THE MOST TERRIBLE THINGS TO HAPPEN. BUYING A PHONE FROM AMAZON AS A GIFT TO MY BROTHER, THAT TOO NOT WORKING PERFECTLY. I AM UNHAPPY, DISAPPOINTED HOW CAN AMAZON HAVE TIES WITH SUCH SELLERS WHO SELL PRODUCTS WHICH FUNCTION ONLY FOR 5 MONTHS AND THAT TOO IN PARTIAL CONDITIONS.I REQUEST ALL BUYERS OUT THERE, PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER AT ALL. ITS A SCAM. ITS FAKE, ALL MONEY WILL BE LOST AND THE PRODUCT WOULD BE A TRASH SOONER OR LATER.I wanted to gift my younger brother BB phone. I selected BB Bold 9000 and bought from Amazon. It clearly mentioned while I placed the order as "NEW".I received the package, the box seem NOT new. That raised first doubt in my mind. I opened the box, noticed the cell phone. On the initial glance, it looked NEW.When I checked within the close proximity, found scratches on the front screen and the back guard. The keypads weren't 100% functional. The mouse ball at the center, also was stuck many a times.Over all where displeased with the product. It makes me regret my decision to buy the cell from this seller. Its a huge mistake, I would suggest people not to buy from this seller, since its going to be fraud and not a good decision to buy from this seller.Thankstelecomengg

I am totally disappointed with this item. I plugged in the phone and it does not charge. All I see on the screen is a big red "X" in front of a picture of a battery meter in the middle of the screen. I am totally disappointed.What i need to do ?

At first I was very disappointed by the product they sold me but they were very kind and replied to my emails and made sure I got a new phone. So we shall see how this goes. I would recommend this seller.
