
All in all I am VERY satisfied with this phone!  I have not found it to be slow at all.  In fact in a side by side test, it loads web pages and apps much faster than my daughters iPhone.  Also, I have not had any of the syncing issues described in other reviews (although I'm using a PC, not an Apple).Some have said they don't care for the clickable screen.  I REALLY like it!  Although my fingers aren't huge they arn't tiny either and the QWERTY keyboard works for me just fine (although I'd definitly recommend landscape mode when typing).  I have noticed that the more you use the typing feature the more you get a "feel" for typing on the virtual keyboard.My only issue with this phone was getting a well built unit.  The first phone I bought had some kind of contaminant under the glass of the screen.  Phone#2 had a bad mic, Phone#3 had a problem "clicking" on one edge of the screen.  I'm on phone#4 currently and I think this one is a winner (knock wood).  I will say that Verizon switched out the phone each time, no questions asked and sincerely wanted me to be happy with my purchase.Minor complaints (not strong enough to deduct a Star):1. Music data (album name, artist, etc...) should be editable on the device, instead of just on windows before you transfer the song over.2. The data displayed while a song is playing does not appear to be configurable.3. Hoping for a 32gb SD card option although 16mb is probably fine.4. Agree with the previous review re:placement of the sd card.  It would have made more sense to put it on the outside somewhere to make it easier to swap out.Overall, I would highly recommend this phone and would advise that one just be picky to make sure your phone doesn't have any functional issues.Don

I see a lot of negative responses, and I just think they didn't give the phone a fair shake.  The storm is not very intuitive, meaning it doesn't function like most phones.  I had a hard time getting used to it, but once I did nothing could stop me!! It is the best phone I have ever had.I have had it move slow from time to time, but I have found this is user error.  When it is taking a while to load a page I can look at what apps I have open and ALWAYS it is my fault for not closing other apps I was using.  Side by side with my friends iPhone my storm loads pages quicker.It syncs great with google!  I love how it got all my contacts from gmail and syncs automatically in both directions with google calendar.Music is amazing, I can transfer from my iTunes, don't even use my iPod anymore, I don't need it.  You can also use your own music as ring tones if you like.  No more purchasing ring tones.I also don't understand the complaints with the keyboard, although the keys are small, it will automatically correct misspelled words.  Maybe they have this feature turned off.It is an amazing phone, but since it is so different it takes some getting used to.  Once you learn where everything is and how to maneuver around its great!

I did not keep this phone. Instead, I gave to a friend and she is very satisfied with it. A good buy!!

This phone is probably the worst BB smartphone.  It is difficult to type since the tactile screen requires that it be pushed to &#34;click&#34; so writing emails and messages on it is very slow and tedious.  The screen finally ended being damaged as a part of it stopped working altogether.

MR Belanger.  I am very sad and disappointed by the feedback you left on our rating. We have never gotten anything like this in 2 years on Amazon because we are 100% dedicated to customer service.  I will have the Manager try to contact you today by phone but I would also like you to have our phone # of 800-794-5881.  The phone you bought had a 3 month warranty that you just voided by leaving this feedback so that is not a wise decision.  We do not see any calls or emails from you that we didn't answer or ignored so I have no idea why you have left such hostile feedback but we need to address the issue and get this feedback removed today so please do call us right away. If the phone has a problem, we are happy to replace or refund you but this feedback must be removed immediately. To do so, please click on YOUR ACCOUNT in the upper right corner of the Amazon homepage. Scroll down to PERSONALIZATION and under COMMUNITY you will see SELLER FEEDBACK SUBMITTED BY YOU.  Click there and you will see the feedback with a REMOVE button. Please do this and contact us ASAP for assistance. Thank you and God Bless. So this is the email i had recieved from them right before they called and worked everything out. This is a great thing to see that if you write a bad review they void your stuff. Yes they did refund all my money and helped me out. But whats going on with this email I had recieved. So how can you say your dedicated to customer service when they do this. I will not say do buy or dont buy from them. If you find a way to really get to them they will then work with you which is nice. But you have to wheel and deal with them. So yes I did take down my other review, but i want everyone to see how it really is, So thank you for your time and hopefully this will help you out.

the only about THe Storm is the touch screen is not that good other thing the screen is big enough

I definitely have to agree with the ' one and two star' comment rating....The phone is crap. Come- on -Blackberry! ARE YOU REALLY SERIOUS???.Its like you just shot yourself in the face.  The phone is an insult to 'phone enthusiast' like myself. Its an retro step in cell phone developement.It reminds me of my old Nokia/Motorola/ TDMA cell in the 90s( just good enough to store contacts and make calls)  Never had a Blackberry before so i decided to get one after my nokia 5800 got a virus.  There and then my worries began. I t felt like.... steping out of a nissan GTR spec-V after completeing a smooth, quick and effortless 60miles cross country journey with sophisticated handling ability... aand steping into a Kia 5ton truckConsider my review a warning to you all potential buyer.would recommend this phone to my worst enemy.The phone is very slow when switching functions. You are unable to zoom while in video creating mode,it freezes alot,battery life dips rapidly when using the net,its heavy and bulky,IT IS NOT WIFI EQUIP....definitely not user friendly. Not surprise of the Storm2 comming into existance  so soon, see it as a stretegy to save embarasment from that disappointed storm1.However must give credit to the picture quality

As of 5/22/09 this phone still has lot of glitches that are suppose to be fixed in a software update that was to come out months ago--which keeps getting pushed back.  The only reason I kept this phone rather than returning it for another is that I use verizon and can not get the I Phone.This phone has a screen that you first touch and then press to activate what you are touching.  I personally like that better than the I phone because I can be sure I am touching what I mean to be and then making the execution.  I also like the feel of pressing the keyboard down--especially when typing.  Some people prefer the I phone because it is faster.  One of the problems is that when you place a call and put the phone up to your cheek, you can easily press the screen changing it to speaker or mute or some unknown thing that takes awhile to reset before you can hear the call.  You can fix this by purchasing an application that locks the screen.  The storms lock feature will not lock the screen during a call so you have to purchase this after market application.  Another thing is that the keyboard is hidden when you place a call so if you need to put in your password/numbers you need to look at the phone, select the keyboard and it shows up.  It just isn't convenient or intuitive.Another extremely odd thing is that the phone turns off the signal all by itself, randomly.  If you don't look at the phone, you may not realize the signal is turned off (therefore you can't receive calls, emails, etc).  A software update is promised to fix this at some unknown time.  We purchased two Storms and both do this--a common problem according to verizon.  One of the phones does this about 1 time per day.  They other did it several times per day.  Verizon changed that storm out for a replacement storm.  So now, both phones turn themselves off only about 1 time per day.Software is glitchy when it comes to notifications.  You can turn all sound off or turn it off for each individual thing.  If you turn it off for each individual thing, sometimes it decides to make sound anyway.  According to verizon, there is no fix for this--other than a hard reboot that erases everything but doesn't guarantee a fix--and in fact, has never fixed ours.  So, if we don't want the phone to randomly decide to make noise, we have to turn all sound off.  Of course that includes the phone ring along with all the data rings.This phone is painfully slow, although I can not compare it to other blackberry's as I have not had one before.  I could not do real work on it.  Luckily, I am not a business user so there isn't anything that I can't put off until I can get to a computer.  I have tried looking at and editing word documents but have never had the patience to deal with it after waiting and waiting and waiting for them to load.  Likewise, using internet is painful.A plus to blackberry is that you can use blackberry messenger to IM any other blackberry user that you are connected to (free connection--you just both have to agree to it).  This saves money on texting because you don't have to add that feature or you can get a smaller texting package.  We use blackberry IM all the time and love it.I sync up my blackberry to my mac computer--when it agrees to do it.  Again, this seems like a random thing, although it works about 90% of the time.  There could be lots of improvements in this sync, however, I can sync my phonebook (without categories), calendar, and itunes.  I tunes is not as user friendly on this as the I Phone, however, if it isn't the main reason you have the phone, it is tolerable.  If you want to search songs and change playlists or get creative though, you won't want to do it on this phone.  The speakers on the phone have a very "tinny" sound if you try to play music through them.  It is annoying to me but I didn't buy the phone for good speakers so it isn't a big deal.The camera on the phone is fairly decent and has a flash.  Sometimes the flash washes out things too much--but again, I didn't buy this phone for the camera so it is fine for me.  Most of the pictures sync with i photo without a problem, although sometimes it says that they aren't recognizable.I love that it has a removable memory card.  It comes with 8 g but can be upgraded to 16.  Nice to only have to change a memory card rather than buying a whole new phone just to get more memory.There are not nearly as many apps for this as there are for I Phone and very few of them are free.  This may be fine for business users but it is frustrating for me.I love the look of the phone and the pre-loaded ring tones.  I also like the flexibility to move icons and put them in folders and customize the phone.This phone gets emails automatically and that is great.  No having to log in and check emails.The voice activated dialing works about 50% of the time without training.  I find myself not using this feature although there may be ways to customize it and make it work better.When the I phone comes to verizon I will replace this in a heartbeat.  Until then, I feel like this is better than nothing.  Although based on some reviews, I may be wrong--other blackberries may be better.  I am especially disappointed with how buggy this phone is and the promises of software fixes that never seem to come.  And this phone has been on the market for awhile.This is a buyer beware phone for sure.  It also falls into the category of "settling" until there is something better.UPDATE 7/26/09:  a new software update has fixed most, but not all of the problems.  The biggest problem that remains is that you can accidently click the phone while on a call which results in muting or other problems.  POCKMAC for syncing with mac remains an issue but RiM is suppose to come out with their own software in sept. and that may fix the problems.  If running facebook on your blackberry, you are more likely to encounter problems with the sync.  If you do, on your blackberry, go into options, advanced options, service book, and then delete facebook with the cical next to it and that should fix it.  However, sometimes you do have to go back and repeat the process.  I also noticed that on my new unibody macbook pro there are less issues with syncing than on my old macbook pro.  not sure why as it runs the same ox software.  but i am happy that it is finally syncing.  i do sync my itunes with my blackberry as well using pocketmac.on advantage to the blackberry over the iphone is that on the blackberry you can run multiple things at once.  so you could have your maps running directions, make a phone call, and return to maps without having to start over.  on the iphone you can't do that-at least that is what the apple store people told me.because of the improvements to the blackberry with the software upgrade, the fact that i can use it with verizon, and now pocketmac is working, i would choose the blackberry over the iphone if i had to do it over again.  if iphone comes to verizon, then i will have to make a decision.  if it still has the water vapor issue voiding the warranty, however, i will probably stay away from iphone until that is fixed.  (in case you aren't aware, the iphone can stop working just from being exposed to humidity and sweat and it is not covered under apple warranty--it is causing a lot of problems for people as of this date).UPDATE 7/27/09:  for some blackberrys, the software upgrade eventually crashes the system.  We own two blackberries, it did this to one of them.  tech support at verizon said that it needed to be replaced or it would keep crashing.  the person at tech support said that happened to hers and when she got the replacement she hasn't had a problem.  we are choosing to wait one more time to see if it crashes again (has done so twice in 1 week and you have to reboot the entire system, erasing everything on it).  verizon does replace the phone with a refurbushed one for free within the first year.  before you purchase one of these, check the replacement policy that your carrier has.

this cellphone is a awesome experienced to people love to be connected. An plus, works in Brazil  :))

The touch screen is a little shaky and beware.... has no WiFi. Overall a good product that comes in a sealed box. Customer service is pretty good and helpful. Would have returned but was a gift to my son in Trinidad.

I was unsatisfied with this product as it shut down on me after a month.  I wanted my money back, but didnt find a way to call Amazon

I got this phone about two weeks ago... and honestly it's really not that bad. i actually really really like it, but i love blackberries. it works with a at&t sim card except you can't acces your sim phone book and you can't save numbers to the sim card which is kindof annoying. other than that, this phone is pretty sick! the reason why i gave it four stars and not five is because when i got the phone it was shipped all messed up, it kindof looked like somebody took the battery out of the phone and the back cover and just kindof like threw the stuff into a box. Also sometimes the buttons get messed up, like when you wanna press the back button it'll press an A or a P or something on the total other side of the screen.. kindof weird. but just turn the phone off and back on and wa laa! fixed. I really like this phone so far, but then again ive only had it for like two weeks. hopefully this phone will last and i wont have to come back with another review all pissed off like 30 people who rated only one star. haha

Blackberry is trying hard to play catch up with other smart phones.  This phone would be just fine except the touch screen is probably the worst experience ever.  It doesn't work, it wigs out on me ALL THE TIME. I've updated my phone to the latest firmware, I've also tried different touch screen settings.  It still is total crap! Scrolling through email becomes a chore, in fact everything you try and do (something simple like txting) takes 10 times as long because the keys do not work properly.  It will give you an awful experience and you'll feel like tossing your phone in the ocean.BB's are overpriced and dated.  The company is slipping fast.  Stay away from the phone and any 4 or 5 star reviews on this page.

The seller said cell phone is refulbish but new, it was false. The product has evident scratches and it is not new, in the box the accesories are new but phone is not.I am really upset because the picture about cell phone's condition are not true.

This purchase was made on January 8 and I have not received the product, because it was sent to their destination without original bill, which was sought from early March to calculate import taxes and to date I have no answer.

This item was returned per specifications of the owner. I NEVER received a refund since they stated they never got the item, yet the post office gave me a receipt and I sent it back exactly the way it was sent to me. To all those wishing to buy, at all costs, stay away from this seller.

IT WAS MY FIRST AMAZON PURCHASE AND I RECEIVED MORE THAN I EXPECTED.EXCELLENT PRODUCT,DELIVERY TIME ACCOMPLISHED,MY PHONE LOOKS PERFECT,THANKSBlackBerry Storm 9500 Unlocked Phone with 3.15 Mega pixel Camera (Black)

SellPhoneStop sells used phones that DO NOT WORK.  Keep away from this seller.BlackBerry Storm 9500 Unlocked Phone with 3.15 MP Camera (Black)

Well, i know i'm buying and used product, but the seller dint tell all the the truth, the phones work well and is in good condition, but the speaker was damaged so the phone doesnt sound and i must to replace it. it will be better to know it before. any way, good to buy.

This the worst phone I have ever had.  I upgraded from the Blackberry Curve and wish I hadn't done so.  The phone is so slow it is annoying.  This is my short and simple review.

This is the worst phone I've ever bought, when doing a call, your cheeks press the silence, or speaker icon... its full of flaws.Dont buy a mediocre phone.. please read the online reviews of this product before you buy such an expensive phone.. beware..!!

Bought this phone because it is advertised as new but the phone stopped working after 4 months.  When the phone was taken to the repair shop and they opened the phone, the tag in the phone clearly stated that the phone was worked on.  The technician said that I need a new circuit board, so I do not have a phone at the moment because the circuit board is pretty expensive.  I am disappointed in Amazon for such blatant dishonesty.BlackBerry Storm 9500 Unlocked Phone with 3.15 MP Camera (Black)

This phone is alright. At first I was really excited about it and then it started to get a little irritating. I've had it since a month or two after it came out.Pros:1. The calls come in clear. I've had problems before with other phones and the volume of the calls.2. The hold button works. No dialing random people in my purse.3. I really like having both of my email accounts on my phone. It updates pretty quickly and I like being able to delete emails from my phone and from my account.4. The pictures come out pretty great. I was actually surprised by it.5. The voice recognition is awesome. I tried it using my name (which is kind of difficult) and it picked it up on the first try. I also tried some names with silent letters and it also worked.Cons:1. When it freezes, you have to take the entire battery out. When the phone boots back up it takes forever.2. Sometimes it's not that responsive. I've had calls come in but it wouldn't let me answer them. (this has only happened twice)3. For some reason, new programs keep getting added to my button list. I don't like that. Right now, this bing application and Vcast videos have added themselves to my button list. I know you can hide them, but I shouldn't have to hide them4. The manual is crappy!5. I haven't been able to figure out how to add ringtones to my phone. There seems to be some key fetaures missing from my menus. The manual says that I should be able to see this and that but they aren't there. It should be easier to do this.6. I don't like that the number pad disappears when you are in a call. You can bring it back up, but I just wish it didn't disappear.7. I wish there were more useful applications on it.This phone could have been better. It has pretty much all the features I wanted but it's still lacking. I don't think I would really reccommend this version of this phone.

Es terrible, el primer mes ( o primeras 2 semanas mejor dicho) TODO ES MARAVILLAS, el celular correo genial y todo.Luego comienza a decirte que la memoria est&aacute; full (BORRE TODAS LAS APLICACIONES juegos, facebook, msn, appworld NO TENGO NADAAAA.. solamente twitter) y aun me sigue corriendo LENTISIMO. borro los mensajes limpio la memoria Y NADA.LUEGO LO PEOR par aun modelo touch. LA PANTALLA TACTIL NO HACE CASO... estoy escribiendo una letra y pulso h o l o g ... ( todas las letras del medio en el qwerty) Y NO LAS PULSA... es un desastre.. tengo que voltear la pantalla para que esas letras me sirvan pero luego las otras no me sirven.. entonces tengo que varias volteando y escribiendo (la gente que me ve escribiendo pensar&aacute; que estoy loco)...DEFINITIVAMENTE NO LO RECOMIENDO.. Y MENOS EL TORCH... DE TAL PALO TAL ASTILLA. los Blackberrys NO SIRVEN. ningun modelo.

El tel&eacute;fono es bastante bueno una vez que te acostumbras a utilizar la pantalla y los diferentes teclados. El aspecto del tel&eacute;fono es espectacular

I tworks just well, but sometimes it just thinks too much, I don't know why, looks like a computer with memory full, but I swear I don't have that much data on my phone.. Has been fixed restarting it. Hope keeps working 'cause I really liked everything on it! Oh, and it comes with "vodafone" logo... Although didn't bother me that much, I'd like to have known before I bought it.

May 4, 2010 I have a love-hate relationship with my Verizon Blackberry Storm 1.In April 2010, I bought and returned an iPhone from AT&T; and a Sprint Google Android phone from Samsung.  I also tried out the BlackBerry Storm 2.  My story unfolds...When the antenna on my BB Storm 1 stopped working, my first instinct was to get the Storm 2 from Verizon as a replacement.  I checked it out and I was unimpressed.  Not much new there, except that it is now Wi-Fi capable.  Now, you would think that Verizon Wireless would set up a simple wireless router at their showrooms to show just how fast their phones are, but Verizon is not that smart.  Anyway, the Storm 2 is just as pathetic as the Storm 1 when it comes to internet browsing over the network.  It's so bad that the Attorneys General of the US should sue them for false advertising.  Verizon calls it high-speed internet, but it truly is the speed of dial-up.  Remember dial-up?  56K?  It takes 30 to 90 seconds to load an average web page.  At least it does in the Providence area.  And around here, the phone coverage sucks too.  At times, I have 5 bars, sometimes I have 3, sometimes no signal at all, and that's all without leaving my house.I decided to try the iPhone 3Gs and go over to the Dark Side.  I LOVED IT!  The browser is phenomenal and FAST!  Almost as fast as my home computer, whether I was using Wi-Fi or in the car.  The phone is much easier to use than the BlackBerry.  The signal was ALWAYS 5 bars... EVERYWHERE, even in the hills of Connecticut where my wife's old Verizon phone had maybe 1 bar.  Worked great in San Francisco too.  But this story does not have a happy ending.  The iPhone went back 29 days later.Although everything about the iPhone gets an A or A+, its calendar reminder system gets a big fat F!  I almost missed a class, and I was teaching the class!!  The iPhone only tells you about an appointment once.  Then you're on your own.  I need to be reminded 5 hours out, 2 hours out, 30 minutes out and then every 5 minutes after that, until I say "Dismissed".  I looked into fixes and other possibilities.  I called AT&T; and Apple support and went to the AT&T; and Apple stores.  Everyone looked at me as if to say "Dude, this is the best phone in the world, your A.D.D. is not the iPhone's problem."  One woman told me to set multiple appointments so I would be reminded adequately.  My reply was "You want me to clutter my calendar because the iPhone does a terrible job of reminding me of stuff I have to do?"  And every person I asked said "Well, I'm sure there's an app for that."  The cop-out mantra of iPhone support "There's an app for that."  No, there isn't!  Well, not unless you call getting sent emails and text messages or an entirely separate reminder app a good solution.  Beyond frustrated, I Googled and started reading the forums.  I learned that Apple did not open the SDK (the iPhone's architecture) for 3rd party developers.  No adequate fix exists for this problem, and apparently it's not even on Apple's radar.  In May 2010, they are releasing a major upgrade to the software and snoozing is not part of it.  Below I complain that the BlackBerry's task and appointment reminders can only snooze a set amount of time.  Oh ma Gah!  This is heaven compared to the iPhone.My other gripe about the iPhone was that it can only do one thing at a time... literally.  It's not multi-tasking.  If you are listening to Slacker Radio and you get a call or you go to a web page, the iPhone closes the application.  When you go back, you start over.  The upside is you don't have the nasty memory problems that the Storm used to have, but this was Apple's best idea???  Wow, big brain trust there.iPhone doesn't have a flash for the camera.  If you know anything about photography, you know the more light the better.  Pictures without a flash indoors will be dark and/or grainy, even if you edit them after the fact.Typing on the iPhone was okay, but merely okay.I have heard that AT&T; phone and data coverage is bad in major cities.  A lot of young people live in big cities and they all have iPhones, thus the systems are overloaded.So, to summarize, if you want to be entertained, take photos in broad daylight, and use social media all day long, get an iPhone.  If you have actual responsibilities or have A.D.D like me, and you need a true PDA (personal digital assistant), stick with a BlackBerry... any BlackBerry.  The iPhone grew out of the iPod -- an entertainment device -- and then they added a phone.  BlackBerries started out as business devices and have added entertainment for those rare occasions that business people don't have something else they should be doing.  God, I sound old!Oh, by the way, when people at AT&T; say "try the iPhone free for 30 days", they don't mean it.  I had to pay a $35 restocking fee AND I had to pay for almost 30 days of phone service.  The 2-year contract did not kick in though.Onto the Android.  I tried the Samsung Moment.  Its reminder feature was weak.  I mean that literally.  I didn't hear it.  And a bumble bee 10 feet away vibrates my pocket more that that phone.  And the Android cannot snooze a task or appointment either, but you can set multiple (I don't know how many) reminders in the calendar appointment, not that you'll hear or feel any of them when they go off.Oh, and you need to have Google Mail and Calendar to even try the calendar.  If I could have checked out reminders in the store, I would have known right away that the Android was not for me.  Regular Yahoo Mail accounts do not work with Android at this time.  I didn't even try my work email.The phone functionality of the Android was slow and not well thought out (long story short).  Google needs to fix that immediately.Typing on the Samsung Moment was okay, but merely okay.  I may have gotten used to its slide-out keyboard, but I didn't keep it that long.Sprint's network speed was half of what AT&T;'s is in Providence and San Francisco.  (I live in RI and traveled to San Fran while I had the phone.)  Luckily, Sprint's policy is now not to charge a dime if you bring it back within 30 days, but they would not take back the overpriced $40 phone protector.To wrap up this comparison of the 4 phones, I don't think the BlackBerry Storm 1 is perfect, but it still does most of the things I need it to do and it does those things well enough.  Oh, by some stroke of luck, my phone started working again 6 weeks later, so I'm sticking with the Storm 1 for now.  If someone knows of a good phone/PDA/push email device that works better, please email me!There's more details about the BlackBerry Storm 1 below.----------------------------A January 2010 update to the updates below.#4 Desktop Manager 5.0.1.28 works well with Outlook 2007 on Windows 7.In January 2010, I bought a new computer with Windows 7.  I got a great deal on Microsoft Office 2007, so I installed the new Office.  Well, that combination didn't work so well with my ol' reliable BlackBerry Desktop Manager 4.2.2.14.  I decided to upgrade to the latest version of BlackBerry Desktop Manager (something I said I would never do).  It all works very well together.  I was previously running Windows XP and Office 2000.----------------------------This is a Dec 2009 update to my April 2009 review of the Storm 1 (this is not a review of the Storm 2).  The numbers refer to my April 2009 criticisms (below the dotted line).summary: much better since 5.0 operating system released in Oct 2009#1 The Storm 1 was greatly improved when BlackBerry released the 5.0 operating system.  Now I'd have to give the Storm 4 out of 5 stars.#1B Those sub-second connections to internet pages that they show in the commercials... are still a big fat lie!  To call the connection "broadband" is a complete deception perpetrated by Verizon.  This is approximately dialup speed minus the wheezing and hissing of a modem.  That said, I absolutely love that I can connect to the internet almost anytime/anyplace.#2 To mitigate the fat-fingering problems I was having with the full QWERTY keyboard in landscape mode, I have been using the SureType keyboard in portrait mode.  It's a QWERTY keyboard in 3 rows x 5 columns.  What makes it quick and effective is that the Storm starts suggesting words to select after typing in a few letters of the word.  I can single-thumb or double-thumb most everything now.  To change the keyboard default to SureType, in the options (the wrench icon), choose Screen/Keyboard, then change the Portrait View Keyboard to SureType.#3 hasn't changed.  In April, I forgot to mention that in order to get turn by turn spoken directions, you have to pay Verizon a $10 ransom per month or buy software from Garmin for $100.  You can use BlackBerry Maps or Google Maps for free, but it doesn't talk to you.#4 Synchronization works well with Desktop Manager 4.2.2.14 (released April 26, 2007).  It doesn't have the niceties that the current release has, but it actually works, unlike more recent releases.  On several occasions, I spent an entire DAY upgrading to "the latest and greatest" only to have to uninstall it and then install 4.2 again.  This happened more than once on the advice of Verizon technicians who don't know nearly as much as the RIM techs.  I will be using Desktop Manager 4.2 until the day this phone dies.  Fool me once, shame on Verizon.  Fool me twice (and then a third time), shame on me.  There will be no fourth time.#5 phrase selection has been vastly improved, but still isn't great.  It would be really helpful if double-clicking would highlight a word.  And apparently BlackBerry is completely unfamiliar with the concept of "undo".  If you delete some text, well that's just too bad.  You can "discard" all the changes you've made since last saving or you can retype what you just blasted, if you can remember what it was.#6 I hope BlackBerry changed the location of the micro-SD card for the Storm 2, because its placement on the Storm 1 was just plain stupid.  You remember that board game "Operation" by Milton Bradley?  It's like that.  "Take out memory card."  Bzzzzz!#7 still a problem but they've made a half-hearted attempt of making the number pad easier to get to.  If they made the number pad smaller and put the function buttons all in one smaller row, that way everything is available on one screen, it would be truly appreciated.#8 there's only one pre-set choice for a "snooze".  Honestly RIM, this is inexcusable.  Do something about this!#9 Actually voice recognition for contacts is quite easy to use.  The button on the left of the phone is set up to do this as a default.  Speak the name and choose from a few possibilities.#10 The "can you hear me now?" geek from Verizon still has not been to my house to improve coverage at my place of residence.  I am moving soon and if the coverage sucks at that house too, I will be shelling over another $250 to Verizon to fill in the gap in their network.  Hey Verizon, can you hear this?  [I'm making a gesture.]  But in Verizon's (or "VZ" to be cool because apparently teenagers can't spell anything these days, nor be bothered to call something by its given name if it is greater than 3 letters long)... [Where was I?  Oh, yeah.]  In Verizon's defense, their network beats AT&T;'s coverage hands down;  people who have the i-Phone constantly complain that they can't make calls and calls are dropped.One more thing, I've discovered that the Storm makes a very handy flashlight.  No, I'm not joking.  If you open the Video Camera application, the LED light (the flash) on the back of the phone comes on and stays on.  It is bright!In summary, if the devil is in the details, this device is now a little mischievous.  Theoretically, this is still the best phone available, except perhaps for the Storm 2 (which I assume is better than Storm 1).  I no longer wish I still had that old, big, clunky, reliable and easy-to-use, brick-sized HP IPAQ.-------- original review from April 2009 -----------------------------If this phone worked the way it was supposed to, there would be no reason to even consider any other phone.  It has everything:  phone, PDA, 3G web browser, multi-media player, sleek look, a 16GB expansion card (comes with an 8GB card), 3.2 mega-pixel camera WITH A FLASH, voice dialing, a big hi-res screen, email that gets pushed to your Storm, so you don't have to log on to check your mail!!Then why am I already wishing I had returned it during the grace period?  I had an HP IPAQ H6315 for 4 years which was way better than this, but it didn't have all the bells and whistles, so I got the Storm.#1 it's painfully slow.  Those sub-second connections to internet pages that they show in the commercials... in your dreams!!  Even opening and closing applications makes me want to slap it upside the head to get its attention.#2 the on-screen QWERTY keypad is difficult to use for anyone with adult-size thumbs.  I am constantly fat-fingering letters.#3 Although it does have a GPS antenna built into it, it relies on the data network to show you the map and give you directions.  No reception, no map.  Again, it's painfully slow.#4 Synchronization has been a problem since I got the phone 8 weeks ago. I wrote many, many notes to myself over the weekend while at a conference.  This morning when I synchronized with my pc, they all disappeared.#5 Editing on the Storm is nearly impossible.  I still haven't figured out how to highlight words (double-click doesn't work, nor does click and drag)#6 In all their wisdom, Blackberry made the micro-SD nearly inaccessible.  Most devices that use cards have them on the side, so you can swap them in and out without a big fuss.  Oh no, not Blackberry, they put it deep inside this device.  Brilliant.#7 When you talk on the phone, your cheak will press buttons.  RIM also thought it would be a good idea to hide the number pad after the call connects.  Who wants to use the number pad during a call anyway??#8 When you get a reminder, there's only one pre-set choice for a "snooze".  If you want it to remind you an hour from now, sorry, you'll have to open the calendar item or task.  It will take you about 40 seconds to do so because of #1 and #2.#9 Forget about scrolling through your contacts or tasks.  That would take you forever.  You have to know what you're looking for and type in a few letters.  Now see #2.  Although in its defense, it does have voice recognition for contacts.  Of course I haven't had time to set this up yet (see #4).#10 And that "can you hear me now?" geek from Verizon has apparently never been to my house.  Although Verizon does have a device that essentially creates a mini cell tower in your house and then connects to Verizon through your hi-speed modem... for $250!!In summary, if the devil is in the details, this device must be evil.  From a detailed analysis of everything out there, this was the best phone available, because HP still had not put out a similar product.  I wish I had that old, big, clunky, reliable and easy-to-use, brick-sized IPAQ back.  When HP does put out an IPAQ with these features, I will absolutely buy it.(I bought this phone from Verizon, not from Amazon.)

The phone is not unlock, it's can only be activate and use by Verizon.  The return policy is slow and painful. I was told that I would get my refund, it's already been on monthe.

This is one of the best things that i buy from amazon the last 5 months, is one of the best phones aver and i'll save money to buy the storm 3 at the end of the year....

Everybody knows the storm is a piece of...........t but even knowing that, people want to have it. RIM is about to launch the Crapberry Storm 2, and you know what? I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT, the second part of an useless and problematic phone? but even better? more slowly and painfully? jajajajajajaja I just can't wait to see people wasting their money on that (if you can call it) "cutting edge phone", I am thinking about buying some corn pop and sodas, just to check the reviews for the CRAPBERRY STROM "2" Too slow, too glitchy, too bad jajajajajajajajajaja. And after they'll pray (like now)for an IPHONE (the Storm's father). You people should think about buying good phones, like Nokia's or HTC's, but CRAPBERRIES? IPHONE? even MOTOROLA is the same thing than RIM products, come on think about it. Have you seen the NOKIA N900? the HTC DIAMOND 2? NOKIA has an application called OVI, it is like blackberry messenger but better... IT'S FREE... do you think blackberry service is for free? you should check your accounts, at least in my country, blackberry service, as itself, is not free.Oh, I almost forgot, I don't have a Crapberry and I wish I never will jajajajajaja but I have to admit that I've been having a lot of fun reading your reviews. Actually I have an HTC Touch vogue 6900, and I CAN'T COMPLAIN ABOUT IT, I found the software upgrades, games, applications, FOR FREE... It works like a baby, as a matter of fact IT IS MY BABY. I am looking to change it for an HTC DIAMOND "2", not because of the phone, I just want to have something more advanced, GPS, and all that stuff that I'll never use but I just want to have it (***crazy face*** O_o, MY PRECIOUSSSSSS jijijijijiji).So, my advice? if you want it, BUY NOKIA or HTC, but forget it about Crapberry or Iphone... Do you really want to pay for IPHONE'S applications? jajajajajajajajajajaja HTC's applications!!!! you can find it for free, as NOKIA'S too... upgrades? FREE too... Nokia is like Toyota, have you ever seen a Toyota with the hood lifted up in the freeway? I haven't, as I have never seen a NOKIA driving someone crazy.For the HTC, well that's another history, I had a HTC 6800 before my glorious HTC 6900, and was a pain in the a.... but I just changed it and everything has been good since then.Well DON'T BUY CRAPBERRIES JUST FOR FASHION, CRAPBERRY idiot people have msn messenger too,  so don't cry, you can chat with them anyway... bye

Attention New York, there is a severe storm warning for your area, please seek shelter immediately!This is what I heard as I walked out of the store with my shiny new blackberry storm (the day it came out of course), and I once again was fooled by the weatherman in my head. Not only was there no storm, there was a heat wave that came directly from my face as it exploded in disgust at my new purchase.I have had the storm for two years now, because thats how long Verizon makes you feel guilty about buying a load of crap before you can do it all over again. I am getting a the new Droid X next week, so I figured I might as well flatter you all with the truth on this device before I kick it to the curb to complain about the next one.The ScreenOMG OMG OMG the screen is a button!!! Has anyone realized the reason that no other phone has this feature is because it is not necessary? The one good thing that came out of this is that they made the screen just small enough that all the special pocket lint I love to save can store itself between the edge of the screen and body of the phone for safe keeping. I bought toothpicks for the first time not to clean my teeth...but to clear out space in my phone in order to store newer lint.Non-screen related buttonsSo I was walking around a small store one day when I hear one of my favorite songs come on the radio. I am singing along walking up to the cash register and I say to the guy who is staring at me like I just swallowed a doorknob, "hey this is a great song, glad you guys play good music in your store". Well he politely turns to me and says "Hey Jacka$$, the music is playing from your pants". This is officially the only time in my life that my phone has actively embarrassed me. See there is a button at the top of the phone that mutes your music...well it also plays your music, and of course the one thing they made right on the phone is the crazy loud speaker, so I quickly learned to keep no music on my phone. Just to add to the story, I also couldn't turn the music off right away because the only other button on the top is a screen lock, which sometimes worked and sometimes didn't so you have to mess with it.Front buttonsMy phone has a collection of buttons...let me rephrase. My phone has a collection of buttons that no longer are part of the phone. The four buttons on the front of the phone are just placed well enough to rip off when you stick your phone in your pocket. They did fix this on the storm two, but that came out lets see....two months after the first failure? At least if I bought an Iphone they may have replaced it for falling apart, and I would have enjoyed watching steve jobs blame his customers again for them improperly using his crappy product.Side buttons"Say a command"...."say a command"....get used to it, the phone says it all the time. One of the side buttons brings up the voice calling feature, but only brings it up when I am a) In class, b) trying to impress a lady with my thoughts on the bubonic plague, or c) Trying to sleep off a long night. Luckily you can change the button to do something else, I choose nothing, as I did with the other three side buttons. One button repeatedly took pictures of the inside of my pockets...which is cool but everyone stopped "Liking" them on facebook after I posted the first 100. The other controls the volume...or changes the song, whichever you aren't trying to accomplish it will do for you.OSTo first access the phone turn it on, and come back tomorrow when it has finished waking up. I clocked it, it takes 2 minutes for my computer to boot up, and 7 minutes for my blackberry, anyone else see an issue? I know that some people need to take it slow so they don't choke on any instant excitement, but I would rather take my chances. Once it is loaded and passed the "Security Test" that it always does, the phone turns on, and if you haven't broken the hardware yet you can begin playing with the OS. It is the basic blackberry os, nothing special, except this awesome new feature that if your hands are damp, or your sweating from blackberry induced phone frustration, when you go to choose a menu item...it decides that you must in fact be blind and that you really want the menu item on the other side of the screen. For me it seems to constantly choose the "network" option, I think this is RIM's way of telling you it is verizon's fault.

I know that is not the problem for Amazon, but the phone that I wanted is not the one that I got, cause I'm in Costa Rica, I'm not able to return the phone, it was a goot price for the phone, and it is a nice phone but I want the one that have the wireless network and some other features, and no this one that does not have any of them

This phone will not win any design awards. It's a little clunky, but overall it's a good and reliable phone.The screen pivots, so that instead of tapping one presses down on the screen. It's odd at first but eventually it makes sense. The screen is entirely customizable, and the camera is excellent.The phone is hardy and well built. If only Blackberry could shrink its size, it would rank up there with the best.The syncing software is pretty good, especially with Windows Outlook.

I made the mistake of buying this phone. It crashes constantly. My service provider's answer - pull the battery for a hard shut down. I have to do this at least once or twice a month. My Blackberry rep tells me this is normal and even assured me that it was actually good for it. Other than that, it is slow to wake from lock mode. The latest issue with my phone is that it no longer recognizes the internet browser. So, my service provider is now at least willing to give me a replacement phone. Unfortunately, it is another Storm. I am stuck with this dog for another year and a half.

El telefono lo compre para mi prima y le encanto, sus funcionalidades muy buenas, ahora ya lo vendio a buen precio y se compro otro... lo unico malo el caja del envio muy pero muy grande para el tama&ntilde;o del celular...

I have no problem for that item.. Thanks for  transport without any damages..The mobile is niceRegards,

I went from a Nokia E-63 3G to this BB9530 wanting to upgrade.  At a first glance, the phone is superbly beautiful and looks better than any other BB or Iphone at my taste.Phone had to freeze on me twice a day with OS 4.0 but changed a bit when updated to OS 5.0 .To the pros and cons...Pros:-Best looking BB out there.-Great screen size for video viewing.-Good 3.2MP camera-1GB memory onboardCons:-DOUBLE DIGIT TYPING ERRORS!!!! ARRRGHHHHH!!!! This happens TONS of times!!! With my Javelin 8900, which has shorter keys, I hardly make any mistakes typing!!!-No wi-fi-No 3G on GSM networks-Constantly freezes and had to do battery pulls frequently-Phone died one day and had to take it to a shop to wake it up again :(-Screen goes crazy from time to time, again, more battery pulls!!!-Very slow, compared to other cheaper BB's (when I bought it, was priced at $450 the cheapest)-When you need it the most for a phone call, bb chat or taking a pic, the phone has the freakin' small clock on as if it froze on you-Can't use privacy screen protectors since they are too rough making the screen impossible to use-Very heavy when compared to other BB's-In EDGE with normal use (e-mails, bb chat, msn, facebook) won't last half a day with all battery saving tips and techniques listed on all crackberry and blackberry forums...-Signal strength improved a tad with OS 5.0 but still softer than my BB8900 which at the same places under the same circumstances get better signal and better battery life.Verdict:I sold the phone for $150 in mint condition and unlocked to a friend of mine after doing a complete phone swipe and hard reset. It is faster now, but my friend grew tired of it fast also... :(If you want a BB, get a Javelin, a Bold or a Curve, they are all very similar for not that much a difference in price and perform outstandingly well.Don't buy this product, I almost threw it out of the 10th floor about ten times....after the hard reset it got way better, but it was too late, I was too frustrated by that time.  Bought a Javelin 8900, so far, so good...!!!My $0.02

Unfortunately I didn't receive this phone until after 30 days. It sat at the office as a replacement and I didn't get it for a month or more. I tried to return it after a couple weeks with no luck.  They refused to trade it out for anything else. I'm going in next week (8 months later) to either trade it out or take our companies phone business elsewhere.  I think they may see it more my way this time. It is a pain in the ______. You drop calls quite regularly - more so than the world edition I had for several years. The keypad will drive you crazy unless your fingers are the size of a pencil eraser. The reception is poor - you often get digitilized conversations that you can't understand. The visual voice mail doesn't down load the messages so you often don't get your messages until you go to the message center and request it to download.  In addition, people have told me they haven't been able to leave messages. The icon pad has a mind of it's own - sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. Camera - very slow - it better be a still object.The best feature is the large screen - that makes emails easy to read. That may be about it - the size is good too. Do yourself a favor - don't get this phone until they have all the above worked out.

Quisiera compartir mi experiencia de compra con el vendedor SellPhoneStop y los productos que ofrece bajo la condici&oacute;n Refurbished, tengo a la mano el celular que me llego ayer y no fue sino hasta hoy que pude salir del shock emocional al ver la calidad del objeto que ten&iacute;a en mis manos, realmente una visi&oacute;n deprimente ya que se encuentra rayado por todos los lados no se les escapo un ladito; una cebra tiene menos rayas, aunado a que est&aacute; roto y para m&aacute;s colmo no est&aacute; liberado.

Refurbished,Defective phone and was listed as new.Thanks to Amazon as they helped me get my money back.THIS SUPPLIER IS PATHETIC TO BUY PRODUCTS FROM,think a 100times before you choose.

This cellphone is very nice in appearance and could have been a great phone, but in reality has turned out to be the worst phone I've ever had. This cellphone have extremely slow response, the touchscreen do not respond accurately, several keys on the screen are impossible to click, very limited application memory, low signal sensitivity, in short, is very annoying to use. Of Blackberries is the worst I ever had.

ESTOY APENADA POR QUE REALMENTE ME EQUIVOQUE AL HACER LA ANTERIOR EVALUACION, PERO EL PRODUCTO QUE ME ENVIARON ESTA EN BUENAS CONDICIONES.-

I am too good to buy this phone from amazon...this is real very nice phone.

A few months ago, I upgraded from my BlackBerry Pearl 8130, and decided to go with the Storm2. I alllmost went to a Droid phone, but the Storm2 really caught my eye, and I'm already comfortable with the BlackBerry user interface. So, with that in mind, I ordered my S2 online via the Verizon website, and figured if I didn't like I could always swap it for another phone within 30 days.Honestly, I didn't need 30 days to decide that the Storm2 was the phone for me. I liked my Pearl 8130, but it did have a few annoying things about it. Websites that needed java were a bit sketchy with my Pearl; it would request to enable Java and I'd allow that, but then the site still wouldn't work correctly half the time. I don't have that issue with my S2. Also, the browser speed is so much better on the S2. With my Pearl, I had actually added the Opera Mini browser because the native browser was so slow. I don't even need Opera Mini on my S2; the browser is that much faster.The SurePress will take some getting used to if you've never had a touchscreen phone before (I hadn't), but I was typing like a pro after only a couple days.All in all, I don't really have any complaints about the S2. I really enjoy using it, and it's a very functional phone. There are tons of fun, useful apps out there and the S2 has plenty of memory to accommodate your aftermarket apps.

I got this phone as a gift from my idiot uncle on the verizon network. The idiot got me on a 2 year contract without my permission. The phone freezes often. The screen freezes when you switch from landscape to portrait view and back. The controls are sluggish. It doesn't allow you to make use of that internet access that you're paying 60 or more for. I would have never bought this piece of junk myself and I regret that now I'm stuck with it until the end of my contract.

This phone really isn't what its hyped up to be. This phone really likes to freeze on you, or the touchscreen gets all messed up calibration wise. When it recovers from a freeze the calibration is all messed up, when i want to check my SMS (which is one of the little tabs at the bottom of the screen) it pushes the time button on top of the screen. And the touchscreen full keyboard txtin is pretty difficult, always hit a wrong letter when i txt. This alone is enough for me to hate it despite its PROS... for example, when u want to put a movie or what have you on it, it will automatically format to blackberry format which is awesome, the camera works great, great call reception and quality, IDK bout internet, im deployed and cell phone internet doesnt exist here. Other than that, if you want this go for it, but i'd get the new one

ok so i haven't gotten the phone as yet and i ordered it about a month ago,what's up with that,this is my first time ordering true amazon and it's realy regretful.

check the issue on internet with storm because most of them do not recognize the media mass so you wont be able to transfer your music, internet does not work with my ATT sim card. save your money and get another blackberry. the touch screen which clic as a button is useless. if there are no store having the storm its because it sucks!!!!!! i wasted my money now i have to buy another one.

I am very satisfied with my Blackberry however, I'm very disappointed at lack of WiFi capability.

This smart phone is pretty dumb.  The chief complaint I have is that it is constantly freezing up.  Just when you need it to function most, guess what?  It doesn't.  I cant tell you how many videos I shot that are corrupted, or photos that just froze the whole phone up.  Dont get me started on the internet, because that is a crap shoot.  You may just lock up that sucker by trying to load a simple text page.  The only solution in most cases?  Pull the battery out and let it reload.  Sit there for the amount of time it takes to reload and then go about your business until the next freeze.The phone works fine, but you will have to download an app to lock the screen so your face doesnt touch the buttons and hang up on your friend.And let me tell you, the simplest feature that should work perfectly is the clock right?  WRONG!  you have to go into settings periodically and hit "UPDATE TIME" so you arent late or early.  Come on!!!!!!!!!!!  Cant wait til my contract expires, Im done with this turd.

my experience with amazon is good, there are respect with client, i recommend buy in amazon.thanks

I find the touch screen feature of this cellphone to be buggy and unresponsive at times. If you want a BlackBerry this is definitely not the best choice. This device seems heavy bulky and unrefined when compare with the Iphone 3G. Functionality is not that great either. You are better off waiting for the next BlackBerry attempt on a touch screen smart phone.

Buenas tardes se&ntilde;ores Amazon, yo realice una compra de un telefono nuevo y me enviaron un telefono usado y en malas condiciones, no prende.De todas las otras compras que e realizado no tengo queja alguna al contrario fue muy satisfactoria la compra.si pueden solucionarme lo del telefono estare muy agradecido con ustedes.Me despido esperando una pronta respuesta de parte de ustedes.Gracias...

good relation price - quality. All star. good size, nice color, good quality. All the especification rigth, best selection, nice equipment.

This phone froze and crashed countless times, I had it for 8 months and just couldn't take it anymore.I finally got the new Palm Pre Plus, better than the iPhone.I strongly recommend the Palm Pre Plus

I won't recommend this product to any body coz' the battery is the most worst part. After, 1 month time I could not recharge my battery. It is still showing zero. I did not purchase this item to keep at my home.Now I have filed A-Z amazon claim. Lets C wat'll happen?

I've now come to the conclusion that everybody who wrote reviews on the phone spent about five minutes with the device. Part of me doesn't blame them. If I reviewed electronics for a living, I wouldn't want to spend several days really testing the phone. However, with a cell phone as radically different as the Storm, it is unfair to make these judgments on the keyboard, etc. in haste.Simply put, the phone is very good. It isn't as breathtaking as I wanted it to be, however it is not nearly as disappointing as many critics want you to think (**cough** New York Times, excuse me). The keyboard is getting easier and easier to use as time goes by. If RIM put a tracker ball at the bottom of the phone where it is on all the other units, then this would in fact be, an iPhone killer. When I look at the phone, there is definitely room for that magical RIM trackball...(can you say Storm2?)Starting from the top. The phone feels solidly built. It has a good weight to it and feels durable. My only fear is that my propensity for dropping phones will be disastrous for the glass click screen. I'm having bad thoughts about not being able to do anything with the phone because the click activator ceases to work or I'll scratch up that beautiful screen. Three times in the last seven years or so I've had the misfortune of waking up from a night of drinking only to find giant cracks on the LCDs of my phones (can you say insurance? iPhone people can't, and that alone will FOREVER stop me from getting one). Seriously though, I really hope this thing is bomb proof. I have a silicon condom on it, which better keep it safe at night.I was perplexed when I powered it on for the first time. The phone takes several minutes to reboot. This is a laptop, not a phone, right? Thankfully I only have to reset the phone every so often... Pretty is a good word to describe the design and graphics overall.The click screen is a trip. It is definitely takes adjustment, but I really dig it. It definitely limits the speed of your typing because you must remain in line with the speed of "The Cadence of the Clicker" (this is the name of my next album). I say that because when you are really going at it, it can create a steady beat like a metronome. This just feels like one of the drawbacks to writing novels on any mobile device. All keyboards have a handicap, but I sincerely miss being able to press to multiple buttons at the almost exact time (as we are accustomed to on a computer keyboard). This system causes you to be a little more accurate because you can't barrel through your letters, so it may be a bonus after all. I also like the SureType keyboard in portrait mode. It uses the predictive text heavily, and it is a great fast type option with one thumb. This mode suffers most from the click limiter because the surface area is far too tight for dual finger typing as tempting as it is.One of my friends voiced his displeasure with the auto correct function on the text. I find it useful. Just remember if it auto corrects something and you don't like it, immediately hit the DELETE button, and it will revert to your perverted word or innocent typo. His changed the word "f*&^ing" into "ducking." The best way around this is to add these words that you use when frustrated or talking dirty to your lover into the Dictionary. To do so, go to the HOME screen, then choose: OPTIONS-CUSTOM DICTIONARY. Now hit the BlackBerry button and select NEW.I've also heard that the VZNavigator and Visual Voicemail programs should be removed to speed up the performance of the phone. After all, who is going to pay $10 and $3/month for such frivolous features? What I was jazzed to see is that Google Maps' triangulation feature was not disabled here as it was on my i760 and Treo. This means that it will show your approximate location on the map for free. It is a nice feature to get you partially orientated at no cost (just keep in mind it is using cell towers to locate you, so you must have service for it to work, which is not the case with true GPS/VZNav).The media player is good. It is not an iPod, but it has a great search feature, and is intuitively laid out. The resolution on the screen is better than the iPhone and video looks GREAT. The included headphones sound great and the speakerphone gets extremely loud, however it is very tinny sounding and has an over modulated feel when at high volumes.The icing on the cake is that I am not utilizing the BlackBerry Corporate server, therefore, I do not have to pay for BlackBerry data access. I am now paying only $29.99 for data where I was paying $44.99 on my Samsung for the exact same unlimited data/email service. With this savings, my Storm will pay for itself in 14 months of service!The device lock is good. You can either hit the button on the top left of the phone, or you can use the "Lock" button in your home menu. I'm peeved at how the Mute/un-Mute button still functions while the device is locked. I've had the phone suddenly start playing "Rise Against" over the speakerphone (which can get pretty damn loud) at times that I wished it hadn't. I understand that it is to let you control your music without unlocking the device, however I always saw locking as the way to prevent your phone from doing strange things in the privacy of your pocket/holster without your permission. FIX: just lower your media playback volume all the way to silent.The ringer alerts are one of the best features on the phone. I can't be happier in this department. This puts every phone I've ever seen to shame (I don't know if all BBs do this, this is my first). You can select from a plethora of options including: Normal, Loud, Medium, Vibrate Only, Silent, All Alerts Off, and my personal favorite Phone Calls Only (all with the touch of a button). I'm used to an all or nothing world, or having to go into individual menus and make these decisions (time consuming/annoying? Yes). Furthermore, the alarm will sound in any mode other than All Alerts Off.Where the Storm crushes the iPhone is in the folder organization possibilities on the home page. Where the iPhone only allows you to move your applications around, the Storm lets you create folders to keep everything organized as if it were a computer desktop. I absolutely love this ability because I'm very big at keeping things `tidy.'I'm also a fan of how the screen fades down instead of cutting out when it is time to turn off. This is great because it reminds you that you have to do something to the device if you don't want the image to go away completely.Some tips:To get IMAP to work with GMAIL, follow the instructions here: [...]Don't waste your time like I did, just go directly to this website as per the forums instructions: [...]I was concerned that there was a charge to using this service (because I'm not utilizing Verizon's BlackBerry email service), but there isn't.To copy and paste, you simply hold down one finger where you want to start, and then drag along with another to where you want it to end.When entering text, if you spell something so terribly wrong that its suggestions aren't helpful, then the best thing to do is just delete the entire word. This is frustrating. It doesn't allow you to fix your mistake because when you click on a part of the word it makes you chose from the suggested list. I wish there were a way around this. Nevertheless, if you just give up, then you can move on without losing any more hair.I can't properly sync my phone with my Mac given the software they include and the USB cable. However, thanks to Google's amazing Sync application, I do all of my syncing wirelessly as often as I wish. YOU MUST DOWNLOAD THIS PROGRAM!

many people were not happy with their BB storm however, with the recent updates its performance became great. But still if you are getting lots of mails and it is not nesseary for you to respond them, you are not BB guy thus, buy something else.

this is a high end phone - i am very pleased - everything works as was described - will recommend it to anyone - thanks much

The Storm that was sent to me was not unlocked. I received it the day before I was leaving town.  I took it with me to Cairo, Egypt and when I arrive there, discovered it was still locked.  The advert said no warranty.  I was informed later that there was infact a 30 day warranty but they were not too forcoimng with this revelation. I had to pay to have it unlocked.  The person I dealt with was nice and tried to help, but in the end it just was not a good experience. I can not recommend them nor will I ever use them again. Additionally, it was used and even though I explained this to them they never addresse this issue.  The Storm works great and recommend without a doubt.

The good:- it's pretty- great innovative ideas my favorite one being visual voicemail where u get to pick what vm u want to listen to without having to listen to all others- camera takes great photos!The bad:- many applications are slooooow and sometimes it appears to freeze, but it's just "hestitating"- keyboard sucks! very hard to write with. plus, there are no arrow buttons that allow you to go back a few words or sentences to edit very frustrating especially if you're writing a very important email that has to go out NOW- poor battery power- besides the appearing to freeze part, it actually does freeze up; constantly!Can't wait to go back to palm treo or pre!

This looked pretty good when I tried it out in the Verizon store, but to know it is to hate it. The clickable touchscreen is harder to type on than a thumbboard, and the whole interface is clunky and poorly thought out. Worse, the software is full of bugs and tends to freeze up, redering the phone useless until you take out the battery and put it back in, initiating a cold restart that takes several minutes. This has all the marks of a device that was rushed to market without adequate testing. Maybe the Storm II will be better, but it will be a long time before I consider another RIM product.

I spent my entire night apologizing to my girlfriend after i bought 2 of these cellphones. They werent unlocked and my carrier said one of them might be stolen, so i cant get data services (the one that did work). The other one, also suspected to be stolen, doesnt work. The buttons look like they were glued on and the covering on the back at the top that covers the camera wasnt attached. I am so mad and i will now have to go through the time and money to send these back. These ppl are scammers. i work at a radio station and you can believe me that everyone will hear about my experience.

While the Blackberry Storm looks great with its bright touchscreen and "world" phone features, it is a horrible smart phone with a steep learning curve.  The touchscreen "buttons" are extremely hard to use.  You have to touch them sort of off center or you will hit an unintended button and maybe be in a window you don't want.  It can take you a long time to get out of the window you don't want.  The Storm is very, very slow.  Almost immediately, one of my "destop" icons (for one of my email accounts) disappeared.  While theoretically you can sync the Storm with Microsoft Outlook, this is extremely complicated and something I never have figured out. The Internet is full of posts from people offering tips on how you might accomplish the sync.Needless to say, I'm returning the Storm for something with physical buttons which will actually do what I want as opposed to eat up my time unnecessarily.

Please do not buy this phone if you are thinking to use it for at least a year. I've had many phones before but this was the worst. I bought two of these one as a gift. Both phones totally stopped working and making all kinds of funny noises and sounds. Found out after it was the way with this phone.! If you wanna waste your money, buy it!

I had a storm 1 first it was bad. I gave it away as it would have been dishonest to sell such a bad phone. I bought the storm 2 and it was better initially and then that too was ridiculous. Being unable to make calls because the phone was frozen or not being able to answer the phone because the screen wouldn't press was eternally frustrating. I'm through with blackberrys period wouldn't even give the torch a chance. I bought an HTC HD2 and booted android to it and it works beautifully. The only thing that I was concerened about missing was the BBMessenger but I've installed whatsapp and Cnected and they work beautifully and connect with blackberrys and any other phone! Good bye Black berry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is a bad phone the touch screen malfunctions. Begun with 0 number not functioning then progressed to the entire screen not responding.Only after 3 months of use. Please do not make the same mistake that I made. I wished I was pre- warned.

my purchase was for a new blackberry storm 9500 model, and I get to my hands and was used, new housing was fitted, but the cel and it came with hours of conversation visibly in its records, does not the headset and the handsfree

Empresa muy responsable y confiables, enviaron mi producto inmediatamente tal y como lo ofrecieron sin ning&uacute;n tipo de problema, gracias

I've had mine for two years now, mostly because I'm the suffering sort.This hateful device is difficult to describe. Nothing - nothing - works well on this device. The gyroscope is unresponsive. The touch interface is unresponsive. The actual buttons lag. The navigation is clumsy, ugly and inefficient at all levels - whether you're on the phone or trying to get to it. It keeps two records of everything with its catch-all "Messages" category, which causes you to spend absurd amounts of time picking through the notes deleting and keeping what you want.The system is glutted with bloatware. Worse, still, RIM keeps packing junk on to the phone whenever you are gullible enough to update it.Behold! I just looked and now have NFL Mobile and YouTube mobile. I did not ask for these things. Did not request them. Why do I have them? Because RIM believes that what I really want to do with my device is f' around when all I - like the vast majority of people - want to do is make phone calls and check my email reliably.As a result of its colossal, horrible, malevolent design, it is slow to respond to anything - except the alarm. That works fine. Shutting it off is a little trickier however, since the usability commandos over at RIM put all of the buttons right on top of one another.Powering down does not solve its problems. In fact, it takes some effort to get the device to even acknowledge that it has been given the command to power down. (Powering up is a bit of a mystery, too.) Pulling the battery out does not solve its problems.When I took the phone over to Verizon to have it examined by the sales rep who sold it to me, his comment was, "Wow, yours works better than mine" which is tantamount to saying, "you think you've got it bad, my ED takes two Viagra to solve."In fact, the only way to solve this device's many problems is to buy something else.

Not very good. The touch screen is not a touch screen. You have to press your screen every time you want to use any button on the screen. So, it is a press screen and not a touch screen. It is bulky and heavy too. Not satisfies at all.

I purchased this as My first Blackberry phone. I upgraded from a Motorola Z6. I Downgraded. This phone is as unfriendly as they can get. The touch screen is the worst feature on this phone. You may think that you can get use to it, but, you cant. It simply is very uncomfortable, and very imprecise. I used a Iphone for 5 days, and the difference if astonishing.The best feature this phone has is that you get your email on It, besides that, forget about replying with it.Battery life is just enough to get thru the day with some moderate talking.Will change this phone for one of the older blackberry phones. I tried the bold, and you could type with that keybord.RIM should make a callback on this product and reimburse everyone their money.

This is the most disappointing phone I've ever had. Typing is difficult and editing text is nearly impossible.  Blackberry has definitely jumped on the Iphone bandwagon quickly without doing their homework.  Its hard for me to understand how some people give this phone a four or five star rating.  Its a little suspicious.Stay away unless you enjoy pulling the hair out of your head or you are very patient and forgiving person.

This is a very good phone, it came complete as it said the seller, i fully recomended. Its the second blackberry that i bougth from amazon.

I ordered Blackberry storm , it was shipped by OEM.The screen is very very bad. It is very lose and always shakes. looks like sumone has tampered it .the item which i received is very bad condition..dont ever order frm this site

The BB 9500 that I recently bouth from Amazon is not entirely unlocked,I gave it as a gift to somebody outside US and it asks for a 3 left pin code,nobody is able to help me with this.So I am not happy with this purchase

The phone is great is has wonderful features but the phone came with to many problems, damaged battery, damaged speakers and the last the screen went blank so I had to return the phone, I only had a month with the phone.This review is mainly about the store SELLPHONESTOP so that other buyers can know of the great service and attention offered by the seller, I received great attention from the seller, always replied my emails quickly to all my problems with the phone and gave me the exact refund for the amount I paid for the phone.Sell phone stop cares for its customers, great store , even though I don`t think I will ever buy an electronic device again online I would buy from this seller any othe type of item they sell because of their great attention and service.

The more I use this phone the more I love it. It is a great phone with great functionality. I have owned many different cell phones in the last 10 years and this is only the second phone I have ever been happy with.

I have loved the Blackberry since my very first one, the BB Pearl.  I then moved to the BB Bold and have wanted the BB Storm but it is not supported by AT&T; but then I saw it unlocked and jumped on it.  Because it is NOT supported by AT&T, I cannot get on the internet or receive MMS messages, which defeats the purpose of owning a Blackberry.  I called AT&T and of course, they were no help, they were just trying to get me to buy phones from them.  I am very disappointed because I think I would have loved this phone.

i was really excited about the phone when i got it but then i was kinda sad because i found out that it didnt have the wifi setting i guess that is what i miss most in the phone otherwise its a very good phone.

I got an email from Verizon today.  It says I am eligible for my "New every Two".  I will have a nice new phone before the week is over.I got my first Blackberry (the Curve) two years ago.  I absolutely loved it!  I told my husband it would be the last phone I ever had (as he shook his head, yeah right).  But this review is not about the Curve, it is about the Storm- so here goes.When I saw all the commercials and ads for the Storm, I was excited, since the iPhone was not available to me as a Verizon customer (and I am a Mac user).  I researched and compared the two phones, and found they both had pros and cons of their own, but were fairly comparable depending on what you wanted it for.Last Mother's Day, my husband came home with a brand new Blackberry Storm for me- paying... (and please don't shake your heads and roll your eyes- IT WAS MY GIFT!)... paying FULL RETAIL PRICE for it.  Okay, so I thought of returning it... but I really was looking forward to using it, plus I was the only person I knew who had one!  I gave my Curve to my husband.  After the one month honeymoon of loving all the features and apps.... it takes great pictures and looks slick.... the honeymoon ended (of course it was also after the return window was no longer an option.)The first thing I realized I hated was if you were talking hands-free by resting the phone between your shoulder and ear, the screen would depress and either mute or put the other party on speaker.  I paid for an app to fix this (BerrySlider).  In August, less than 3 months after owning this phone, I would hit the green talk button and the camera would start up; I would hit the lock button on top and the camera would start up; I would dial "one" for voicemail and the camera would start up.  So I paid the 70 or so dollars for my "copay" under the warranty to have a new one sent to me.  Great!The new Storm worked great for about another month (although I still had the issue of not being able to rest the phone between my ear and shoulder, and I was getting tired of spending money on it, so I didn't repurchase the BerrySlider). Now my issue is that it freezes.  CONSTANTLY.  Let me repeat that.  CONSTANTLY.  It will work fine, then I'll get a phone call that I can't answer because I have the stupid ticking clock symbol in the middle of the screen.  Let me also say that I do update my phone when it calls for an update, not that I think it has helped! I clear my internet cache, cookies and history as well.I went into a Verizon store last month with a friend who was purchasing a new phone.  She needed her work email address, which I have stored in my contacts.  Guess what?  It froze when I tried to go to contacts.  I put my phone on the counter and told the rep it was the worst phone EVER.  He said I just had too many things on the screen, so he moved a bunch of apps (like Facebook, Amazon, [...], Maps, etc) to the Downloads folder.  Yeah, okay.  Guess what?  It seems to freeze even more now.  I am now at the point where I am pulling my battery out AT LEAST once a day.Would I recommend a Blackberry to anyone?  Definitely!  Would I recommend the Storm?  Not to my worst enemy.  If you don't believe me, check out the reviews on Verizon's own website.  There are only a few that gave good ratings, and many owned it from one day to less than a month.  I've put up with two of them in the past nine 1/2 months.As for my "New Every Two", I am probably going to go with the Motorola Droid.  I've owned Motorolas in the past and was not impressed, but it has great reviews, and I have a friend who has one and LOVES it, which says a lot to me. Hopefully, I will too!Pros:SleekTouchscreen (but nowadays, so many are!)Pictures look great, especially on the big screenThe music player sounds really goodLots of memory with the included 8mb mini SD cardCons: It freezes constantlyTyping is not easy.  I use landscape, which is easier, but it's still not great.Software glitching a lotPhone doesn't always ring, or freezes when you try to answerHopefully, this review helped. I'm a little sad to switch from Blackberry, plus their forums are great (Crackberry), but RIM, you lost me after the nightmare this Storm has been.  I'm ready to try something new....Now if I can just figure out what to do with this ridiculously expensive phone when I switch it out......

I bought this phone in May 2010 and it stopped working in Feb 2011.  It never worked properly.  Always had an issue freezing, or shutting off...it finally stopped working yesterday 3rd...very bad phone not work the money...want a refund.

these guys are thiefs, they offer a product and send out something different. I bought a phone and it arrived 2 months late, and came incomplete. It came without battery, and does not work.

when i finally decided to switch from key phone to touch i did alot of reasearch i bought the samsung omnia which i hated and then i switched to this phone, which i also now hate. It is extremly slow most of the time and freezes quite often. The only thing you can do when it freezes is what people call a battery pull, meaning you take out and put back in the battery. Doesnt seem like that big of a deal right? well how about the fact that once you restart the device it can take up to 8 mins to restart! The phone has also been shutting off on me constantly.So if your thinking about getting this phone... DONT there are much better phones out there.

Este equipo es realmente espectacular, tanto esteticamente como funcional, al principi cuesta acostumbrarse pero una vez ajustado como se debe, actualizado el SO y que te acostumbras funciona de primera.

The place that I had ordered it from has not responded to see if I could return the product and it was not delivered on time.  The numbers on here could not work and it was really worn,but what could i expect i guess buying a used item from here and for the price i bought it for.  They have not responded to me to see if i could return it to this day.

We've had two of these for about six months now and they've really been nothing but a disappointment.  Verizon has the best coverage in our area by far so this was the latest and greatest by Verizon at the time.  They've just never really worked reliably/consistently for any length of time.  Even the updates haven't brought these phones to where they should be as far as reliability.  When they work, it's a great piece of technology.  But I constantly see my wife and daughter struggling to get basic functionality to work at a reasonable pace.  They shut it down, they battery reboot, they upgraded-sometimes it works for a day for so and then it starts again.

hola; buen dia les informo que el telefono que me llego esta usado; y un poco da&ntilde;ado; no es justo que ofrescan un celular como nuevo y venga da&ntilde;ado; pienso q no tienen seriedad para vender algunos producto; y de paso vino incompleto el telefono.

it has been nothing but trouble, i know its used and its not suposed to be perfect, anyway it has been a total mess of a phone, wich sucks because i saw other rather good reviews, but this is is terrible finally to end the nightmare the battery went dead, doesnt charge so i have to buy either a new phone or a new battery. not a good deal or business u guys are running here.

Pues les cuento que el producto que compre con este proveedor es la peor compra que e realizado en mi vida puesto que el celular venia en muy mal estado venia todo rallado la pantalla tactil venia en mal estado los cargadores eran genericos y relamente quede como un cliente muy defraudado ya que uno sabe que es un aparato reconstruido pero supuestamente tendria que venir en buen estado ya que nunca ponen en la descripcion del aparato que biene en mal estado y no pusieron una fotografia real de el de verdad que no lo recomiendo al fin lo tuve que vender a la mitad del valor que lo habia comprado solo para no perder todo realmente muy mal servicio.Well I tell them that the product you purchase with this vendor is the worst purchase and made ''in my life since the phone came in very bad condition came all the touch screen came grated into disrepair chargers were generous and left as a client actually doing very disappointed because you know it's supposedly rebuilt but a device would have to come in good condition and never put in the description of the device well in poor condition and did not put a real picture of the truth I would not recommend it at last I sold half the value it had bought just to keep everything really very bad service.

A wonderful piece of gear. Takes some getting used to; like a Rubik's cube, some will get it - some won't. A new discovery every day until you figure out all the capabilities. Much faster than Ifone, much better video - not gray and dim, but vibrant. Problems mentioned by other users, if any are easily overcome with practice. Be sure to exit out of applications and web browsing not in use, so as not to tax memory and processing power in background while doing something else. Always clean your browser and memory when done, or between aps and ops, (just a couple of button presses), again so things don't run unnecessarily in background unbeknownsed to you. Great speed. Great coverage. Great videos. Qualities and capabilities beyond Ifone, like stereo and voice navigation. Requires a little practive and familiarization, like a Rubik's cube. Finally, much better packages with Verizon Wireless, and better rebate and initial outlay. Go with the proven product, Blackberry. Many federal and military agencies and orgs use them regularly. Don't cheat yourself on screen space by opting for one with a hard keyboard. The touchscreen offers much more space, is adjustable in the setup and options areas, and is fun once mastered.

Well I have had my Storm for less than 24 hours and I have to say that I am pretty impressed so far.  I did research prior to getting it in the mail so I had everything prepared for when the man in brown showed up.  [...] has all the info you need to load t-mobile service and get email flowing.I was disappointed that my applications did not transfer from the app store but I was able to transfer from my blackberry desktop manager.  Only thing is that they are not listed in my app store so updates will not be presented.  I will have to reinstall through the app store so I can get updates.Still getting used to full touch screen but I am looking forward to it!!!!I will post an update in a week or too.Only disappointment is that it was missing the 8Gig SD card.  I double checked and it was not listed and everything else was there and new so I will not be returning it.

The touch screen has serious issues, I had it repaired several times. Dont waste time on this one, buy something else.

After owning this phone for two weeks, and having it replaced once in that time, I took it back and exchanged it for the Tour.  In theory, the touch screen is nice, but it's hard to type on and it doesn't seem sturdy enough to last the two years until I can upgrade again.  Sometimes I had to press five or six times to make a selection.  The Tour is like the Storm but without the touch screen, and I'm totally in love with it.

I bought this blackberry storm 9500 about two months ago. The device is very nice and cheap. Its a touch phone which is good. I rated this phone to 4 for two reasons which are not a defect from the factory. First, to choose a category or to select something in the phone you have to press until the screen literally move and you hear the click voice. Even though, I knew about it from my friends expercience, it was annouying to me. Also, the applications was not user friendly. I did a big mistake moving from iPhon to blackberry. but I needed an international phone I can use outside the states due to my busy travelling schedule. Other than this the device serves the purpose perfectly.

When i got my cellphone work out fine for about two weeks, then i had to change my display which costed me about 180 usd, then it started to get worst, the thing is that i don't know about the carrier that supplied me with the phone, but it has been a headache.

aight phone was really beginning to enjoy it,that is until it fell from my sofa's armchair.Then screen blanked out didnt last me a week.was sent back to RIM to fix.If i get a new one,I'm throwing up the "for sale" right away.Not for the guy always on the move.Unlike tyler perry's movie,it's too easily broken

I LOVE LOVE LOVE my new Storm!It's all sorts of amazing!I couldn't be more satisfied!And the shipment was great and prompt as advertised!Thank you BlackBerry you're amazing!

Recently purchased this phone from Wall Street Photo (WSP).  Phone that arrived was dirty/obviously used/AND NOT FUNCTIONING!! The phone was immediately returned.  WSP wrote back that they WOULD NOT exchange the phone since the serial number on the phone I sent back, did not match the phone they sent me!?There was absolutely NO fraud from my side. Since when does someone check the serial numbers on a phone that they paid for?! I just sent it back.  There must have been a switch in their shipping department.  WSP continues to avoid responding to my follow-up e-mails or suggest a solution.Buy the phone, but NOT FROM WALL STREET PHOTO.

This is the best phone ever! I bought and loved.... Better than all others... Blackberry ROCKS!

I ordered the BB Storm &uuml;nlocked"cell phone. Paid for express delivery. The package was dumped on the front door step- anyone could have walked off with it! I was leaving a few days later for  unreachable (by computer) parts of Dom. Rep. The phone was NOT unlocked. I could not use it and upon my return to Europe had to pay 30 euros to have it unlocked here. Two other friends tried their cards alos with no luck. I would like a re-imbursement of my 30 euros by OEM- seller of this product.

The Storm looks awesome.  It has a touch screen interface including a touch screen keyboard that appears when needed.  That can be tricky to get used to but overall is a pretty snazzy feature.  The phone has several apps preloaded, I was able to get it to work with Gmail without any real trouble, and the phone has some neat features that are pretty standard for quality smartphones.Unfortunately, it has some serious cons.  It doesn't offer ways to quickly and cleanly shut down programs which leads often to the phone locking up.  You can't push one button to end a program, you have to click, scroll way down in a menu with several finger swipes, and then click close.  Imagine clicking-scrolling a lot-and clicking again four times in a row just because you want to go from email to the web to a text message and back to a phone call.  That's silly.  But if you don't meticulously "close" programs, the phone slows to a crawl and/or crashes.  Oh, and did I mention it often takes a few minutes to even turn on after a crash?The phone also gets poor service in areas where other simpler phones get great service.  I had trouble getting service all over NYC - seriously, a smartphone (on Verizon!) that has trouble in NYC?  That's not good.The phone also does strange things.  If you try to send a text message or other message while you have no service the phone often fails to ever send the message at all, even if you have all your bars.  I've literally watched it fail to send a simple text message for 10 minutes and then I copy and paste the unsent text into a new, fresh SMS and it immediately sends it with no difficulty.  That means the phone is being stupid.The Storm is a visually appealing phone with lots of cool features and a great touch screen.  But if you want a smartphone that is reliable, efficient, and consistent then you've got a better chance of being struck by lightning than being happy with your Storm.

the 25th June I received a cell phone, he had bought as new and old sent me, and still not answer me anything about the order .. I did the due process and are not supposed to send the order again ... and confirm that everything arrived and I think the worst, and now I return the money or give me any solutionthe 25th June I received a cell phone, he had bought as new and old sent me, and still not answer me anything about the order .. I did the due process and are not supposed to send the order again ... and confirm that everything arrived and I think the worst, and now I return the money or give me any solutionthe 25th June I received a cell phone, he had bought as new and old sent me, and still not answer me anything about the order .. I did the due process and are not supposed to send the order again ... and confirm that everything arrived and I think the worst, and now I return the money or give me any solutionthe 25th June I received a cell phone, he had bought as new and old sent me, and still not answer me anything about the order .. I did the due process and are not supposed to send the order again ... and confirm that everything arrived and I think the worst, and now I return the money or give me any solutionthe 25th June I received a cell phone, he had bought as new and old sent me, and still not answer me anything about the order .. I did the due process and are not supposed to send the order again ... and confirm that everything arrived and I think the worst, and now I return the money or give me any solution

Good product, no problems with the delivery. Good conditions and it works without problems in my country (Ecuador). Just we want to advice that include into the detail of the  product all the specifications. I supposed that this BB has WIFI and it doesn't.

I got the phone but the phone screen looked very bad. The screen was moving a lot and felt that it was going to come out anytime. I had to send this phone as Gift and did not had a chance to contact the seller. Now I just heard that phone screen is not functioning properly from who I gave it as a gift. Too bad that phone is out of the country otherwise I would have definitely return this crappy phone. Other language manual sent. SELLER IS SELLING THIS BAD PHONES. First ever purchase on Amazon that i am dissapointed with .

I love this phone. I did not purchase it from amazon however. You can check all of your emails with one touch of a button. This phone is nothing short than amazing.

ITS NICE IT WORKS PRETTY GOOD BUT I ASK FOR A NEW ONE AND THIS SELLER FOR AN ERROR ON THEIR INVENTORY SEND ME A REFURBISHED ONE.

The phone delivered is 9530 model instead of 9500. The cell phone came without the MicroSD and the AC adapters.

Well, i purchased this item about a month and a half ago. At fist, I wanted to use it with my att company and it didnt work at all because Att doesnt offer this phone, but anyways, three days ago i came home "Venezuela" for a family emergency, so i brough the phone with me to use while im down here, and now the phone is presenting problems with the battery, which i thought it was new, i guess not and the screen doesnt either, Im extremely disatisfaced with this phone and i want to get in contact with the company I bought it from because it isnt possible that in less than 2 months the phone is falling apart.I am looking forward to hear back from you guys as soon as possible. Blackberry storm 9500thanksjavascript:reviewTagSuggestions('unlocked blackberry storm')

i cant wait to get this phone,alot of people tell me dont order from amazon,but u know amazon has never did me wrong,i trust you compleatly ,i love amazon. RITA BELL
