
The built in speaker is far better than iphone/ipod. GPS map is free update which is great. Great size. Overall - great value. The only complain i have is the glitchy web browser which closes by itself without any apparent reason and it happens probably every 50-75 times i open/use the browser.

bought 2 phones and they came without 8Bg memories or straps, very bad for nokia and it was in  a closed box!!!!!!!!

Firstly, touch is just plain easier.  I was looking for a gps device that was also a phone and started with the E72 but the screen was too small and the speakerphone was not loud enough. So I got this.This 5800 is ideal. I have some emails and phone calls and websites to keep track of and that's it. This phone does all that just fine, and now I don't have to carry around a separate gps device.  The window mount is rather bulky and maybe I'll just get a vent mount somewhere else, so the music version would probably have been a better deal.A few things: First, it helped to read the reviews, esp the 1 star reviews because for the most part I noticed they were not complaining about the phone so much, just odds and ends. Then I watched how-to videos on youtube.  Here are a few reminders - the power button is on top, the white button is the main-menu button and the volume buttons are on the side.  Re gps, it works fine with a-gps, but I am still not sure if there is a roaming charge for a-gps in other countries, so I paired it via bluetooth with the Holux1000, which makes gps speed and accuracy perfect. The speaker volume for talking navigation is excellent too.UPDATE August 2011: First, the gps is indeeed totally independent of the phone company. Turn off your connection and there is no data charge. Second, gps will be almost instant if you pair it with the Holux1000.  Third, I use it as a wifi server to my tablet now.  What a fantastic device.

I've been using the Navigation Edition of this phone for about a month now. Overall, I'm impressed with the features and performance given the price, but it does have some shortcomings. I don't have a data plan, and didn't want one since I'm usually in the office or at home and don't mind looking for a WiFi hotspot while I'm out.  If you're a heavy user of data plans you'd probably want to take a close look at a subsidized phone. I use mine on the T-Mobile GSM network.Call quality: I sure there will be gasps of horror, but I actually consider call quality the number 1 feature of any cell phone. Calls are clear and natural sounding through the handset, the speakerphone, and the headset. I live on the border between cell towers, and signal strength was an issue with my older Motorola and Samsung phones at home. This one pulls in signal better than other phones I've used. Unfortunately, the dialing number pad lacks letters, so dialing those 800 numbers made up of letters is tough. Hopefully this will be fixed in a software update.Screen: Screen is bright with good color, though it will wash out in bright light. Touch screen works reasonably well. It's not entirely accurate sometimes, and it can be hard to click on links in the web browser using my finger only instead of the stylus. The full screen keyboard works fine, but recognition is a bit on the slow side so I can't type as fast as I would like. Scrolling works well.Data: I don't have a data plan, so I can't comment on 3G performance. WiFi performance is very good, with no problems using hot spots, home, or office networks. Bluetooth works fine, if you can put up with the slow speed. Syncing with my computer is easy and quick. The Ovi Suite software is nice looking, but can be a bit buggy at times.Music: The interface is so-so, and could be improved upon, but it certainly works ok. Sound quality is good through headphones or the built-in speakers. FM reception is good and is RDS-enabled. Album art doesn't seem to show up correctly when importing music. It can't use Apple Lossless encoded files, so I needed to convert a bunch of music. It comes with some tracks preloaded, and an odd mix at that. Nokia's music store is not available in the US yet.Navigation: GPS without network assist can be slow picking up on the satellites. Navigation software is not particularly intuitive, and is not very forgiving. I haven't yet figured out how to get a text summary of the directions rather than just the current step of the navigation. Voice navigation is loud and clear. Searching for local attractions (shopping, retail, restaurants, parking, etc) seems limited to 1-2 miles from current location. Since the screen is on constantly, the battery will drain much quicker than normal. The Navigation edition includes a car charger which alleviates this problem. Google Maps works great, but I don't have a data plan so I can't use it on the go.Camera: Really bad at high ISO even with the flash, not bad at low ISO speeds. I don't believe that the pre-loaded images were actually taken with a Nokia 5800. I haven't tried the video recorder.Video player: Works well with videos loaded. YouTube app is available, and it can be a bit choppy at times. I don't have the video-out cable so I can't comment on its video quality on a TV.Software: Browser is slow at rendering. The free Opera mobile browser is better. Built-in apps for Facebook (works well) and MySpace (haven't used). Games are ok. Email is usable and easy to set up, but lacks an html-mode (it loads the browser for html messages) so email messages can look a bit weird in text-only. Also comes with RealPlayer, file manager, unit converter, IM, voice recording, dictionary, setup wizard, and a number of how-to videos. I've added on OfficeSuite, which works great with my MS Office files. I'd like a PDF reader too, but I'm not happy about paying $15 for Adobe LE when it's only a reader and can't make PDFs. The apps available through the Ovi Store are limited, and some are expensive.Accessories: Headphones, volume control/microphone, USB cable, charger, 8 GB microSD card, stylus, manual, car charger, and car cradle. The last two come only with the Navigation edition. It can officially use up to 16 GB cards, though unofficially I've read of some people have success with 32 GB cards. The manual is just about useless, you'll need to go online to get clear instructions about the different features.Battery Life: I get between 3 to 5 days of battery life, depending on WiFi and call volume. Navigation uses the battery up quickly as the screen stays on constantly. When talking on the headset, the screen will turn off when you put it up to your head. Recharges quickly, and even reminds you to pull the charger from the wall so save those few watts consumed by the charger.Conclusion: For me, it provides great call quality, decent navigation, a good music player, and enough smart phone features to make it close to a laptop replacement when traveling light. If you're in the market for a phone with a data plan, you'd need to look closely at the subsidized phone available, but for me, this unlocked phone was the right fit.

Its a nice phone. I have always been a Nokia fan. But after I had it for 4 days, it froze on me. After I switched it off and then back on, it froze on the White screen with Nokia Logo in Blue. After that I tried everything, nothing worked. Contacted Nokia Support, they also couldn't figure out the problem. So they suggested that I return it to Amazon.First I thought I'll return it for the money refund, but then I thought, while it was working it was good phone for the price, loaded with a lot of features. So I called Amazon for replacement, and shipped me the replacement same day. I have it for 1 week now, and its working fine so far. As for the defective one, I later figured out the problem on my own. When I removed the memory card from the phone and switched it on, BINGO, it worked, then I put the memory card back in. Switched off and on it worked. But later in the day I tried it again and it froze again. Same trick again worked to switch on. But the problem kept coming back. I shipped back the defective one today after transferring the data to the replacement piece.Ovi Store is cool, you can get a lot of fun games and applications like on iPhone or iPod touch.3.5 out of 5 (cut half marks for the trouble i had)

You can find many detailed reviews about this phone. In a nutshell, the user interface is not as good as iphone but the hardware is definitely comparable. By spending some time and finding better (and free) softwares online, you can enjoy using this phone.

We have used Nokia phones of different models for a very long time before we bought this phone. The experience we had with the phone is completely contradictory to what we have seen with Nokia.Since day 1 we have had issues in receiving and placing calls. We were not suspecting on the phone for a very long time. One out of 20 calls would drop. Either the other person will not be able to hear us or we will not be able to hear the other person.When we finally decided to return the phone, the return window with Amazon was over and Nokia mentioend that Amazon is not their authorized reseller, hence they cannot replace the phone, but can try to fix the phone for a charge. The Nokia customer service is pathetic. Their repair center seem to be just in the business of getting more money from people that complain of problems. It is like hitting against a wall.It is our mistake we bought this Nokia when there are better phones are available. Please don't buy this model ever.

I really tryed to use the GPS.After Two Weeks Downloading Maps, Voices,And Reading Foruns, I Gave it Up.As a Phone it`s  Great, Very Good Music Player, But That`s all.For what it offers, The Price is little bit high.Too many touchs to get where you want.Disappointed.

Wow! This phone is awesome! It has everything somebody could need. I had the 5800 Express Music and when this new version came out I decided to upgrade. This phone worth the extra money. GPS, free maps, awesome music player, I also bought a 16GB Nokia memory and... Wow! This great! I have more than 1,200 and 20 videos. There's a lot of apps for this phone. You can find them at the Ovi Store (The Ovi Store is already pre-installed. I wish I could give more than 5 stars to this phone.

I will start by saying that Amazon's shipping was lightening fast. I received the phone in 2 days with free shipping.Unboxing the phone is a treat as there are tons of accessories included. The car mount is top notch quality. Phone booted up very quickly and setup was very smooth. 3G signal is very strong and never switches to Edge like my BB Bold and Iphone 3g did. You can't ask for more connectivity options, and data speeds have been very impressive. There is a ton of 3rd party software available both online and in the Ovi store. Not iPhone quality app store, but still nice. I found that most of the apps on my previous iPhone were largely unused anyway.I think the touch screen is very responsive. Remember, this is a resistive screen and not capacitive. It works with a stylus or fingers....even with gloves on;)Call quality is very good IMO. Music and video are simply fantastic on this device. The stereo speakers do a great job, or you can use the supplied ear buds or bluetooth stereo headset. GPS lock was very fast and held on well. It even gave the exact street addresses as I passed homes on a residential side street. Voice prompts are loud and clear and you get your choice of voices and language. So far I can't say anything bad about this phone. If I come across any issues I will update them here.For an unlocked phone without contract it's quite a bargain right now.****EDIT****Well after a couple of weeks the screen will not go past the white Nokia welcome screen. It's soon to be on it's way back to Amazon, unfortunately. I really like the phone, but I think I'm going back to HTC.

Perfect size -for my taste.  A little narrower and a little shorter than an iphone, but a little thicker.  Fits in my pockets just fine.Don't expect as many applications as an iphone, but i couldn't care less about other applications, i just want phone and wifi, that is all i need.As a phone, the Nokia 5800 is excellent.  Great sound, great reception.What I love the most is the wifi capabilities.I don't even have a dataplan with my carrier and yet i can use the phone for full internet connection anywhere with wifi availability -and that is almost everywhere these days.The "native" browser is not great.  But you can download Opera Lite and/or Skyfire for free, from the OVI Store.  Those two browsers are spectacular.  The way they let you navigate and read web pages in that small screen is amazing.  I use Opera for "reading" but for watching video streams or audio then I use Skyfire that is better at that.As I said earlier, I want a phone and an internet browser that fits in my pocket, and at those two features the Nokia 5800 is outstanding.  Greatly exceeding my expectations.I really don't care about cameras or other applications in my phone device, for those I use a real camera or a real laptop or a real GPS, so I can't comment on those features.

Pros.- Nice size.- Good resolution- Can remove battery- GPS world maps require no data plan. I downloaded the world map (5.6Gb), but not all countries show detailed street maps like Japan and South Korea. Hope that is addressed in future downloads. Not many dedicated gps devices give you a world map for free and for life!- Camera photo quality is acceptable in day light, (but grainy in low light.)- LED flash a nice plus and can be used as a flash light/torch with torch app, but it has a low yellowish color. Bright white would be nice.- Video camera and a separate front video for conference a nice plus! Video camera has a light mode where LED light can be turn on during video recording.Cons:- Internal memory only came with 60Mb free space. Upgrading system apps can be difficult in the future, like future versions of Ovi map apps (not map data) which only install on system memory.- Only 4 shortcuts on the homepage- Symbian OS is not very user friendly. Need to simplify the user interface. Doesn't have the ability to scroll with one touch. Instead you have to click and drag a very thin scroll bar to scroll through apps. To exit from most apps you have to select "Options", scroll down to "Exit" (which is at the bottom). However there is the red phone button used to end calls and can exit from apps. But there should be a simple way on the touch screen.- The default browser overall isn't user friendly. But it does support flash such as Youtube videos. Opera mobile is nice but does not seem to support flash.- GPS navigation lacks. Can not pan map in navigation mode.- GPS signal can take up to 5 minutes to lock in even in open spaces (if you load gps from a different location and w/o A-GPS).- You have to go through multi step process to connect to the internet each time, even if using another app at the same time. This is probably for security, but a quick simple process would be nice.Other useful apps for this device: Opera Mobile, Google Maps Mobile, Torch app (turns phone into a flashlight/torch), world dictionary.Nokia is coming out with a new Symbian OS release for 2010 that should improve user interface.  Also a new release for Ovi Maps app is in the works.

Great FeaturesUnlocked, GPS, wifi, 3G etc  all the box saysGreat Value PackageContains 8 GB card, car mount, car charger, head phones, etc  Again all that listed on boxIt feels like you get all the accessories that you need.( or is it that  all chinese junk from a dollar shop packed together( Surprisingly car mount is made in germany)Lets talk about features in detailGPS :Good : Works without data plan.Not so good : No text to speech, not so intutive. Not comparable to a dedicated unit in ease of use or features .Wifi : GoodTouch screen : good.Music :Good : oh god it plays music too. and radio and video - oh crap every phone does that now.Not so good : Speakers not so great. Whatever Nokia fans say.Camera and FlashGood : it has camera and some lightsNot so good : No good pictures and you can not use lights alone with out downloading some third party app.Battery.Good: having a batteryNot so good : having to charge more oftenLets come to the main function as a phoneThe phone has lots of features but none of them are customizable.1. 4 shortcuts only on a screen that can accomodate more ? Shame on U nokia2. 4 contacts only in the conatcts bar  that can accomodate more ? Shame on U nokia3. Non customizable soft-touch feature in top-right corner4. Non customizable buttons5. Not so great bluettoh management6. Lot of things or many taps away from home screen because of above limitations.tap, tap ,tap  and tap and finally  ahh...rga...sm .Ex 1. there is no way to disable auto redialing from blue tooth. ( Nokia fans - help here)Ex 2. if I have to turn off a blue tooth or swith to another blue tooth1. tap on top corner  ( or  -> menu -> settings -> bluetooth )2. tap on bluetooth3. tap on paired devices4. tap on desired device5. tap on options6. tap on connect or disconectNokia fans - please let me know if there is a less than 3taps way to switch between bluetooths or headset/speaker etcAanother annoyance - no going back to previous applicationEx 3 : I am playing a video. in between I wanted to check out my calendar.once I finish calendar activity after several taps away- it goes to home screen and stay there.to go back to video again I have to do more tap dancing.Another annoyance : asking for things repeatedlyEx 4 : I have no data plan. So when I want to go online -I have to select one of the 3 options that include my wifi.There is no way to set it at system level so it doesn't ask me every time I go online.Ex 5: One touch dialing -  once you get to one touch dialing after a click or more depending on what you have on your short cuts, and finally press the number to quick dial it will ask for another confirmation.Symbian imbicles : The purpose of buying an advanced phone is todo some kind of personalization and customization.  This is phone is useless in this regard.Comparing with other phones.Nokia 5800  looks and weighs like a decent size phone.Iphone feels and weighs like a travel size iron.Some other phones looks like electronic type writersIphone is not owned by you - you use it the way they tell .Its like renting a wom..n.  All the exotic things and thats all.Nokia 5800 supposed to become yours as per specs. but it doesn't - it become poor man's iphone.I request Nokia and Symbian pioneers to reply with helpful hints so we can improve the rating.For now one star is good since we cant have ZERO stars.All the crap in the box still not worth more than 2 digit price tag.

I love this phone. I've had the XpressMusic version for roughly a year now, and it's the best phone I've ever had (and I've had a lot). The Navigation Edition is the same hardware. The only difference is cosmetics (matte black with chrome trim around the screen for the Navi, gloss black with a silver stripe on the side for the XM).The Navi used to have the advantage of free Navigation, but Nokia now offers free worldwide walk & drive voice guided navigation on many of their phones, including the 5800 XpressMusic.Which means the only real advantage of the Navi is that it also includes a car charger and a nice suction cup type car mount. If you want one of these 5800 phones, buy whichever model is cheaper, which is usually the XM, unless you feel the car charger & mount are worth extra. Prices fluctuate, so sometimes the Navigation Edition can end up cheaper, and when that happens it's a real steal.Nokia releases firmware updates pretty frequently (there have been 3 or 4 in the last year). The latest is firmware v51.2.007, which adds a lot of new homescreen functionality (like scrolling contacts bar & music player widgets). You'll likely want that free update if your phone doesn't already come with it.So now on top of the other great features, you get free WORLDWIDE voice guided drive & walk navigation with free map updates that cover major cities in over 70 countries on either of the 5800 models (Navigation or XpressMusic) by just updating to the new Ovi Maps 3.03.

I bought Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition 1 month back and this is the best phone i can have in that price range.It is build on Nokia 5800 Express Music well know as TUBE, with GPS also in place.What else you need a phone:Complete media player,GPS System,Internet Browsing,Touch Screen,Camera and Video Recording.And above all this is a phone.Touch Screen seems to be nice for me and to make it more effective you can use stylus.GPS works in Outdoor without any network connection required for the same.Music is excellent.You can download maps and upgrade your mobile applications with the Nokia Suite provided.Complete car kit when you use the phone as GPSThe only thing which was not upto the mark is the Camera Quality, I thought 3.2 mega pixel will do wonders, but any how i wont be using this as cameraI downloaded full movies in this phone and it is really working great.Preloaded with 8GB memory which is good enough to store maps, music and movies and you can extend it anytime.If somebody is looking for a smartphone at smart price nokia 5800 navigation edition is the answer to it.

I have had my Nokia 5800 XMNE since November and overall I am happy with it. I use it mostly as a phone, an mp3 player, a map, a gps navigator and a wifi Skype phone using Fring. I also use the calendar when I travel to keep track of things I need to do. All of this works well, but the internal gps needs lots of time to lock on and the navigation software is not easy to use and takes too much time to get a satelite fix. Plus, you need to either have a data plan [I don't] or be near a wifi router to set up a route-and this makes it awkward when I travel. The battery gives at least 2 or 3 days with moderate use.

The phone has what I wanted it: unlocked, wi-fi connection, good reception and loud.The GPS signal shows up in 1 to 5 minutes - I don't have any data plan. The routing seems not as good as stand-alone GPS. The GPS stopped at 3 occation without any reason - the phone was still functional and operational, but the current location just did not move as I drove.My biggest complain is that there is no way to view the route detail on text before start to drive.Overall, it works great as a phone, and it comes with a free GPS and a 3.2m flash lighted camera.Don't expect the GPS is as good as Garmin or TomTom, and don't expect the camera work as good as a 10 mega pixal camera. After all, it is just a nice phone with cool toys.

Update on 5/8/2010:-------------------It's been a couple of months since I bought this phone. Finally, I've updated the firmware and some software, so I'd like to give a quick update / review on the new changes, because some of the things I mentioned before are no longer accurate.- Firmware v40.2.005 is great. It's just a slight improvement but good nonetheless. One can update the firmware either through over-the-air (ie. 3G / WIFI) or from a PC. I'd prefer to use Nokia Ovi Suite on a PC to update the firmware because you can backup all your settings / contacts / data. Although updating the firmware is relatively safe, you'd want to do a backup just to be sure.- Ovi Maps v3.03 is a nice improvement. The interface is about the same. The biggest change is you can download voice guidance that speak street names during navigation. With this update, it really depends on one's usage to think if this phone can replace a dedicated GPS unit. It's getting harder to say now.- Nokia Email Messaging is Nokia's way of doing Push email. It works pretty well with GMail / Hotmail / Yahoo and I'd assume it works with other email service providers too. It basically syncs all the contents in each email accounts (up to 10). The updated client displays HTML contents which is a significant improvement.Many new phones (especially Android phones) have come out in the last couple of months. I still think this phone still proposes excellent values with its price and features. Most of all, it's unlocked, and it can be used anywhere in the world, even without a SIM card.The phone's user interface remains its Achilles' heel, however. As long as the user finds the phone hard to use, it really doesn't matter if the phone has the best price / features / performance in the market. Most users are using this phone to be more than just a phone. It's a smartphone because the phone is smart, not because it expects a smart user to use the phone.Original Review:----------------I'll try to keep it short. I'll give the phone 5 stars without hesitiation. Others have provided very good (or bad reviews) of this phone, and mostly they are right-on. The key about this phone is you need to know why you want this phone, and how this phone suit your needs. Do not have an unreasonable expectation. The strength of this phone is its cost vs. feature proposition. In my opinion, there's simply not a phone out there that provides such a rich feature set while costs &lt; $250.If you want to buy an iphone (and pay ~$1000 total - $200 for the phone + $720 for 2-year data plan @ $30/month), don't buy this phone. Buy the iphone instead. This phone is not an iphone, not an iphone killer, and not an iphone replacement.If you want to buy a Garmin GPS, don't buy this phone. Buy a Garmin GPS instead. This is not a GPS replacement.If you want to buy a good quality digital camera, don't buy this phone. Buy a Canon or Nikon. This is not a digital camera replacement.If you want to buy a FM radio, don't buy this phone. But who needs a FM radio anyways.If you want to buy a music player, actually this phone's music feature is really nice.With the above being said, buy this phone if you want an excellent phone AND want to do all of the above without carry all of the above gadgets at the same time. In particular you want:- a phone that is unlocked, quad-band (international use), no contract, no $30 data-plan, no $10 GPS navigation plan and costs ~$250- a phone that has strong signal, excellent call quality, and long battery life- a phone that can play music/video/games, browse the internet, check email, take pictures/videos, provide GPS turn-by-turn drive and walk navigation (North America only) and maps service (global map is free download), provide VOIP video calls (using the 2nd camera in the front) over WIFI (fring and nimbuzz apps are free download) EVEN WITHOUT a sim card (excellent for travel)Some tips while using this phone:- the touch screen is a resisitive touch screen (unlike iphone's capacitive touch screen). Do not use your "finger tip" to control the touch screen. Use your "finger nail" or the included stylus instead. Personally I like "finger nail" much better. Once you get used to this, everything is a breeze. If your "finger nail" is as sharp (or unsharp) as the included stylus, it will not scratch the screen.- the user interface takes a while to get used to. The iphone user inteface is more superb (and it's not even close, so I'll give credit where credit is due.) However, the Nokia 5800 features are excellent and there are plenty of supported (and unofficially supported) apps to download. No need to download itunes. No need to wait for Apple certified apps. Basically, you can download whatever you want and do whatever you want with this phone (e.g. use it as a USB storage device), and that's why it's not an iphone.- speaking of iphone interface - there's a PAID (for money) app out there that you can buy and install iphone-like user interface onto your Nokia 5800. Get that app if you really need the iphone user interface. Just google "Nokia 5800 myphone app" and you will find the link and reviews.- use the GPS without data plan (and do not get charged for data usage) by going tosettings -> phone -> app. settings -> positioning -> positioning methods and check only "Internal GPS".The GPS without data plan may take up 5 mins (or more) to acquire a lock. The GPS signal is weaker than a dedicated GPS unit, and the voice navigation does not speak street names. That's why it's not a GPS replacement, but a GPS capable phone that you can use while a dedicated GPS unit is not available.- browse the internet and check email using WIFI. Make sure you don't get charged for extra data usage by going tosettings -> connectivity -> destinations -> Internet (or MMS or WAP) -> "Your service provider" and make sure "use access point" is set to "after confirmation".It's annoying that you will keep getting asked if you allow internet connection, but you'll get the peace of mind that you'll never accidentally connect to the cellular data network.- visit Chinese (Traditional or Simplified) / Japanese / Korean websites by downloading "Opera Mobile with Asian Language Support" (not the regular Opera Mobile, not Opera Mini). Just google it and you will find the link.- take pictures / videos while outdoor and with good lighting. Poor picture / videos quality is expected for any camera phone when taking them indoor with poor lighting. The phone flash does not help. That's why it's not a digital camera replacement, but a phone with camera that can use during social outings (e.g. Facebook Mobile upload).Some nice to have (but not required) for this phone:- get a data-plan if your service provider has a cheap alternative compared to the standard $30 smartphone data-plan. Being able to browse the internet and check email anywhere without WIFI is very convenient. Plus, the GPS / maps include additional features like traffic, weather, additional point-of-interests update that require a data-plan. More plus, with data-plan, you can turn on A-GPS (assisted GPS), which allows the GPS to acquire a lock in less than 30 seconds and to maintain a much stronger GPS signal throughout.And most of all enjoy your phone while you are sitting somewhere nice, like a coffee shop. People, do everyone a favor - DO NOT USE YOUR PHONE (TALK OR TEXT) while driving.Hope my review helps.

3G does not work with T-mobile's network! So, that leaves only one big network - AT and T.How different is this from a AT&T; branded phone then?

Prior to owning this phone I had a Nokia E71x that I got from at&t.; I enjoyed the phone, but saw the potential it could have if it were not for at&t; locking it down.Here is my review of the phone after using it for 30 days.What I liked:Podcasting App - automatically downloads podcasts from the internet. Unfortunately about 2 weeks into owning it, this app stopped working. I haven't been able to find a resolution in the Nokia Forums.Nokia/Ovi Maps - Comparable to a Garmin GPS, the interface isn't as friendly but it'll get you where you're going. This phone also comes with lifetime updates and turn-by-turn navigation which is really nice and works well. Using the Ovi maps website, it is nice to create routes and destinations that can be sync'd to your phone over the internet. A subset application, Nokia Sports Tracker, will allow you to track your movements using the built in GPS.Ovi.com - Nokia's answer to the itunes app store. You can set up an Ovi email account, sync calender/contacts to your phone, upload pictures and files, and download applications.Nokia/Ovi Suite - Nice way to interact your cell phone with your computer. Here you can create backups of your phone, download updates and apps, send text messages from your phone, sync music to it, and allows you to use your phone as a connection to the internet over the data network.It's not a PDA phone - at&t; doesnt have a classification for it, therefore you only have to pay the $15 monthly fee for unlimited data that you can remove at any time (as opposed to the $30 monthly fee at&t; makes you pay if you have a PDA phone that you cannot take off your account). I use it to listen to internet radio using the mobbler and wikitunes apps. Another app, Joiku spot allows you to use your phones data connection as a wireless router.Camera - it takes pretty good pictures for a camera phone and the photo viewer allows you to upload pictures to flickr or the ovi.com website.3rd Party apps - This is a mixed blessing. Not all apps available for nokia phones in general have to come from ovi.com, Nokia, or Nokia Beta labs. Just do an internet search for s60 apps. Some are pretty slick, others just bog down your phone. For example the app Mobbler isnt an approved app, but lets me listen to last.fm. There is a google voice app (not from google) out there that just bogged down my phone.The speakers - for a small quiet setting, the speakers on this can produce some really good music.What I don't like/needs improvement:Ovi store - Not alot of apps or free games. There are some good ones there but not the plethora found in the itunes apps store. Also, your phone will determine which apps you can use. On my E71x, I had an app called Nokia Internet Radio that allowed me to listen to some local radio stations on the web, but this is missing in the 5800.The power cord - Why do i need a separate power cord and data cord? My old Motorola Razr could charge from my pc while i was connected to it.Slow - When switching between apps, it sometimes hangs up and takes a second to catchup or when altering orientation, the screen will go blank for a second.Windows media player - I tried sync'ing my music using wmp, but only the first 15 seconds of each song was transfered. Do i really have to use the ovi music player to sync my music?Music PLayer - I dont like having to do an "update music" after downloading music/podcasts from my mac.FM radio - No real complaint here, just sometimes it gets great reception, other times it doesnt.VOIP - Maybe I am missing something here, but there should be no reason why i shouldnt be able to use VOIP on this phoen. I know fring will work but it has a significant delay on it and skype isnt available for this phone yet.Other:The basic phone functions seem to work well, no real problems with dropped calls or poor reception (except when in the boonies).I would give this phone  4 stars but I am currently working through a couple issues with the phone. One where the phone will lock up on the "Nokia" screen when starting. To work around this I pull the battery out, eject the micro-sd card, put the battery back in and then power it on hoping it will work. As of today I am having a problem with some of the internet applications crashing after they connect to the internet. I tried doing a "Reset to Factory Settings", but after restarting several times (see first issue) the phoen finally booted up, only to have the shortcuts missing. after trying to work through the problem I contacted Nokia, where the lady gave me instructions on how to send it in for repair.This is a really great phone, I am just disappointed that it is crapping out on me only after a month.****Update****I was able to do a factory reset (press red, green and camera buttons at the same time on start up), which solved all my problems (but erased all files including music, phone numbers, and downloaded apps).I purchased the phone with a $50 mail in rebate. I received a letter from Nokia stating that my phone was ineligible for the promotion and that i had not registered with the ovi store or maps. After a few phone calls with different departments in Nokia, I am told to resubmit my information with a copy of the UPC. Unfortunately, the original UPC was sent with the original rebate form and I did not retain a copy. For this reason, I am giving this phone 1 star. The phone itself has some unique issues but is a good phone for the reasons stated above. I am unhappy with the rebate responses and run-around I have received from Nokia.

I just received the phone to Israel,every thing is fine, as the seller (Jack) said.I'am very please about all.ThanksVictor

All of the smartphones are full of cool features.  The Nokia 5800 is no different.Pro'sFM  player/MP3 playerdecent camera is niceinternet is fast with the Wifispeakerphone is very goodCon'sGPS is slow to get a signal.  I played with all the setting it still takes over a 2 min's to get a GPS lock.Some of the keys are not present on the keypad such "(" and ")".Overall I'm happy with the phone because it's unlocked, I didn't have to upgrade my plan.  Even with the GPS limitation I still find it useful when traveling.  I would still recommend it.

This phone is definitely value for money. I was looking for a wifi enabled quad band phone that I could use while traveling. This phone fit right in, plus it has a GPS to boot. I use a t-mobile prepaid account so I dont use its 3G features, but use of regular WiFi where I can find it (home, work, public places, airports etc) it does the job pretty well ... and I have yet to explore its full potential.here's what I see as its advantages:1. WiFi enabled smart phone: Saves settings of multiple security enabled connections and connects automatically when it recognizes one is available. Allows you to disable use of 3G/provider based internet connection. Useful if you use a pre-paid ac.2. Nokia GPS3. Nokia Maps (over wifi/3G) - as in WiFi you can configure it to prompt before it goes online if wifi is not available.4. Memory expandable upto 16GB (8 GB micro SD is included with phone)5. Good Nokia / Ovi pc utilities to manage Phone book (nice), software updates, download/upload photo's, music, video's6. Interfaces with Windows Media Player7. SIP phone capability using the free NimBuzz download from the ovi site. I configured my voip home phone - ViaTalk.com - to work on this phone, works like a charm minus some issues that I have on my home phone which I think is a viatalk issue - it basically disables my home phone - if you can live with that its great. I have to re-boot/power off my phone router to make it work. I'll figure a way out :)8. Free apps on ovi.com: facebook, messenger, IM, weather etc.9. Email capability - havnt configured mine since I'm on a pc 10/24 anyway!10. Calendar & Phone Book - can be configured to sync with outlook or manage this purely using the pc based nokia utilities11. IM capability: I'm using NimBuzz which allows you to setup Skype, Yahoo, MSN etc all in one!!!12. Music player - Well! this phone was/is sold as a wma/mp3 player primarily... till now. - nice clear sound. Only downside is you need to carry a tiny adapter which also functions a a remote control for volume,next/prev etc. but other than this .. awesome sound.13. Handwriting capability: Pretty handy - I use this more & more every day!14. Large/small keyboard for typing. responsive and easy to use - needs getting used to .. as are all things new!15. Good sound quality (call volume) and no complaints about me being heard either16. Very good reception - better than most phones I've used so far17. No bugs - problems so far - no random rebooting - had this phone for a month now, updates etc have been solid!18. Nice clear screen even in the out doors!19. I nearly forgot to mention the great 3MP camera/video cam which takes pretty good pics. I also found a free app that allows the LED flash to be used as a flashlight.20. Additional self facing camera for video calls21. Size: I prefer this phone size to the iPhone, its compact and fits my pocket w/o being too heavy/bulky.Cons:1. On board memory could have been bigger!2. No real cons yet!!! hey wait .. battery life could be better. With heavy use (music, GPS you'll need to charge it every day!!! this sucks ... but I guess you pay for what you use. otherwise I charge once in 2/3/4 days depending on use.GPS Pros:1. Driving, Walking directions2. POI, places of interest.3. Clean/Clear maps 2D & 3D4. Create and download places/favs from the ovi site (better than my regular GPS can do!!!)5. 3 different routing options - turn by turn gives you distance to next turn6. Crisp/Clear human voice guidance (million times better than my regular GPS)GPS Cons1. POI's cannot be searched for by name except from the contact list. You must have the address???? It does allow you to search by category and lists several.  It finds most locations easily but doesn't include many POI's. for e.g. I was looking for the farmers market in my area ... I finally looked it up online and used the address to map it. so there is a workaround!!!2. The only reason I give it 4.5 stars is becoz the accuracy of the GPS in pin pointing its location leaves a bit to be desired, this can send you in the wrong direction but it does immediately recalculate the route.3. Directions do not include street names (as regular GPS do).4. Indoor reception is poor (like most GPS's I've seen though)For a GPS enabled all in one smart phone this definitely does the job and I'd recommend buying it.

Have only one complain - the phone has very little RAM memory. Probably 128mb of which 40mb is to work Simbian. And than you have 88mb left and you have to do everything possible not fill out this memory or you'll have constantly the message "Not enough memory, please close some applications and try again"

Bought the phone in November 2009, and I've used it daily for nearly 2 years. I'm probably one of the few still using it. It's been a rocky road.I started with high hopes: Nokia had a solid track record in the past, I had had a good experience with various Nokias (8290, 6230), the phone has an abundance of features for the money, and the reviews were mostly positive.In the first year, it was ok. I tried to overlook missing features: lack of threaded SMS, terrible web browser, terrible GPS program. Despite its flaws, I used it for a good year. It was mostly reliable: call quality has been decent, dropped calls not an issue (on T-mobile), Opera Mobile has been a savior, music quality is acceptable with the side-firing speakers.Then it's all been downhill since. In the past 6 months, I've had to deal with:1. Accelerometer randomly refuses to work despite rebooting. This means I cannot call out the full screen keyboard when I want to type.2. Random turning off (even on a full battery). I've missed important calls, texts, and reminders due to this.3. SMS tone not working.4. Random deleting of ALL SMS messages.5. More, but I've tried not to remember. I've done multiple hard resets on the phone, but the operating system will inevitably take a dump on itself all over again.Bottom line, you get what you pay for. At the time, it was an inexpensive out-of-contract phone. It was Nokia's first foray into touch-screen phones, and it shows. I've heard they released many more since then, but I've lost so much productivity that I refuse to go back to Nokia. Even Nokia has given up on S60.I understand there is no perfect phone, and that the life expectancy of most phones is no more than 1 year. Still, don't set your expectations too high with this phone. I've moved on to an HTC Sensation, and so far, I am loving Android. It feels like I am back in the 21st century. I should have jumped the Nokia ship when everybody else did; better late than never.

Pros:1) Great GPS Navigation software and maps. It even gives directions with street names.2) Good music and video playback.3) 8 GB of storage4) Install apps on the sd card (I cannot do that on my Blackberry)5) Pretty good battery life. Lasts at least a day for me.6) Nice Apps - Photo Browser, Games, Opera mini, Tune Wiki7) Nice form factorCons:1) Looks a bit cheap in construction2) The GPS sometimes takes long to lock in. I have been using "Integrated GPS" only option and that has worked better.3) Symbian has lesser apps compared to IPhone or Android.Overall a great buy. Satisfied!

This is my first smart phone. I bought this because of the lure of free maps and navigation aids, since I travel often. I find the phone to be well-suited to my needs. The touchscreen is good, although it could be more responsive. The UI looks good and is friendly. Also, I find the handwriting feature to be really good for text messages.

I was ready to do it. Had the credit card cocked and loaded ... my local Apple Store actually had the iPhone 4 in stock and I thought, with the new satisfaction guarantee / return policy, what did I have to lose but $200 and a $15/month UNLIMITED data plan.The little greeter dude told to me to just hang out by the iPhone table and an expert would eventually come by and take care of all my needs. OK ... half hour later, no expert nor needs met. In that span of time, I'd played with a floor model pretty thoroughly and aside from the razor-sharp display, could think of nothing really that the new-revolutionary-wonder-phone could do that my Nokia 5800 Nav. Ed. couldn't already do that I would actually use. I walked out, knowing my needs were already pretty well met with the little, lighter device in my pocket.Why spend another $200 if you don't have to?... It has been five months with the 5800 and today, I guess I realized it's been a really good five months. Value, performance, features. These three words would sum up the Nokia 5800 Nav. Ed. pretty well for me. Now, is it the best smart-phone on the market? Hardly, as far as quality, materials, software and hardware are concerned. But then again, it costs half as much as the new big guns out there and yet, it does most of what they do and does them rather well, I'd say ...***Things I ask of this phone, in order of importance:1. Be a really, really good phone -- send & receive calls with good sound and reception, and texts, too.2. Be a good smart-phone and let me check my email, read articles and surf the web while I'm away from a computer.3. Be extremely portable in my pocket all day or while I'm running. In other words, be low-maintenance.I asked and received all three with this phone.***Big ups:*The price.*8GB microSD card included.*The freedom of unlocked; $15 vs. mandatory $30 unlimited data plan.*Battery life (usually charge every other day using 2G with 3hr talk/day and regular web-browsing and messaging.*Ability to set 2G over 3G, which does drain the battery and all that noticeably faster (thanks iPhoners!).*Responsive resistive touchscreen (think fingernail vs. fingertip).*Comes with car charger and windshield mount.*Very good SD video quality in 16x9 format.*Kinetic scrolling and super-handy contacts bar.*Side sliding hold switch.*Two integrated stereo speakers for playing mp3's or steaming audio online.*Streaming Real Player software.*FM radio w/ attached ear-phones as antenna.*Included in-line remote + earbuds.*Free mail for exchange software, compatible with Gmail, Outlook, plus calendar sync.*Free Opera 10 from Ovi app store with tab-browsing. Fast!*Free turn-by-turn GPS, which I don't really care for, personally, in general.*Great free Google Maps app.*Really good OS stability/reliability/simplicity (very intuitive after you get used to it).*Excellent grip when on the ear, even without a case.*Face sensor turns off the display when held to the ear, saving battery juice.*Free tethering app that gives me up to 1Mb speed on 3G wifi to my Macbook.*Full charge in 3 hrs., wut?!***I could go on and on and honestly, after five months, the lows are not really worth mentioning as they are mostly nit-picky things. But namely, the display will wash-out a bit in direct sunlight, though the light-sensor will brighten eventually to where it's not a big deal.Notes on the display:At first, I thought the resistive touch screen was annoying/inferior to the more prevalent capacitive touchscreens but I learned to appreciate it, especially when browsing full web sites using Opera 10. It requires more care of your finger stokes, thereby making for more precise navigation (iPhone and Droids feel sloppy by comparison). The onscreen Qwerty keyboard is a snap once you get used to it, especially when set with the lowest level vibrate. The iPhone 4's was not as responsive, if you can believe it. It's not the thinnest phone but when gripped lengthwise with two hands, it helps to have the extra girth. It's not the biggest screen either, but the native 16x9 high-res (rare for smartphones) makes perfect sense when viewing Youtube and other video, as there will be mostly no letter-boxing. Very cool.All-in-all, there is so much value with this phone that it can easily/readily stand up to the big dogs, if you are not willing/able to spend the extra money. Put it this way, it's my reliable, fun 12-yr. old Subaru vs. say, a BMW or a Lexus.Practicality vs. Status.Ribeye vs. Filet.It does what I ask it to do and it does it exceedingly well for half the price of the other shiners.And oh yeah, front-facing secondary camera for video-calling, check. It's no Facetime but you can get a Fring app for free and do video-calls via Skyppe. Not bad at all.Hope this helps. Cheers!

Basically, what you are giving up with this phone by not getting the iphone is the iphone apps.  If you must have those, then you need the iphone.  However, here's what you're gaining by getting the 5800:The 5800 is an unlocked phone!!!  No contract!!!  With iphone you are stuck for 2 years with a locked phone on AT&T; in addition to whatever they charge you for the GPS service, which is free with the 5800.  iphone charges something like $30 per month for this priveledge, plus around $200 up front, so in total I have to pay close to $1,000 for an iphone?  Forget it!Better screen resolution, 5800 has 640x360 vs. iphone 480x320.  It really is crisp, you need to see it.5800 has a camera on the front for video calling.  iphone: nope.5800 has a removable battery and memory, iphone not so much.iphone has two finger zoom... ummmm... golly!  Who cares!  This is a gimmic and requires two hands, it's super easy for me to press the zoom in and out icons on the screen of my 5800.5800 is a little slimmer (horizontal) and a little shorter, but a little thicker (depth) than the iphone.  It's about the same size as my old KRZR.  I prefer this to the wider iphone.Honestly, with a phone like the 5800, the joke is on the people walking around with their overpriced iphones!

Ok, now I will share my review of this amazing phone, after almost 3 weeks of use, it has been a pleasure to use it and here are my thoghts:First of all I live un Mexico City and the package came in perfect conditions. The all include NOKIA package saves you a lot of bucks. The car mout kit fits perfectly in my lancer GTS S&S;, but I bought it a silicon case and a plastic protection to the screen so it will last much longer (I strongly recommend this in order to keep the phone in very good condition, afterall is your money) so I can put it over de dash board and will stay in perfect condition, so I can let the car mount kit in the box. The car adapter is perfect, because if you like to use de GPS after a while you'll probably need it. Earphones are good and the quality sound is fare, I prefer to use the phone speakers because you can really enjoy it. Manuals and CD are useful, but you will probably download OVI suite instead and read manual on line, I feel a little bit faster. All accesories overall are a great value-ad.Now let's go with the phone. The first thing I will tell you is to update the phone, to the latest firmware, you can do this via wi-fi in the phone or using OVI suite, it will improve the user interface a lot. The stylus pen is useful, but I am very comfortable just using my own fingers. Basic functions like dialing, sms, calendar, etc are very symple to use. The shortcut icon above the touchscreen is a very good function, photos, movies, internet, music just a click to acces them. Watching videos is so great, because of the speakers, you can wait for the bus or anybody and enjoy a movie. The camera quality is excellent, 3.2MP with dual flash is an excellente combination for taking pictures in any light condition. You also can use the secondary camera to take pictures. Also a great feature is the lock button, it will make your phone batterie to last longer.The connectivity is great, wi-fi and web browsing is very fast and very easy to acces almost any page. Using ebuddy is a real piece of cake. Bluetooth connectivity is very easy, and easy to enable/disable just using the shortcut in the main screen.I downloaded the mexican map and the voice that match and is very simple to use, no need of data plan and in only 1 minute or less I have my position locked, the routes are pretty exact. I have to admit that i did not expect much of this GPS, but I was completely wrong, the routes that the app trace are exactly. If you miss a street it automatically recalculates the route so, no need to park to check this inconvenient. You also can look up for any street no need of data plan, how great is thi?!! If you download the correct guide you can also get the street names, not only the instructions. It has been a real pleasure to have this phone, you can download a lot of apps, you can back-up your contacts, manage your photos, movies, etc.For $250 you can have an excellent phone and you can really enjoy every dollar you spend, you will not regret the purchase. BUT you will have to read the instructions, update firmware, get familiar with the phone. You will take 3-5 days to have fully understan of the phone. But do not post a comment after a day that your phone does not do something. The key to enjoy all the capabilities of the phone is to explore and play, nothing more nothing less. This phone meets some people expecations ond other not, but read all its characteristics and if you finally buy this phone it will be quite an experience. Finally signal strenght and battery last is very good. 2-2.5 days for me. Of course if you use it for more things than just calling it surely lasts a day.If you have any comments or questions fell free to post them. All of they are welcome

After using this phone for an hour, I realized that no one at Nokia had bothered to compare their interface to iOS or Android. Or if they did, they didn't realize how inferior their software was.This phones hardware is fine, but the interface makes it almost impossible to use. The fact that a phone like this could be released shows how far off target Nokia was in 2009.I'm sure a lot of people like my loved Nokia until they bought any of their first smartphones. After struggling with this, I switched to Android and have been quite happy.

I did not get to use this phone for more than a few days because I had to return it due to an unresolvable issue. Nonetheless, this is a nice phone ... unfortunately, I encountered a glitch which might affect a few - those who intend to use Nokia 5800's Bluetooth in handfree mode in a BMW 5xx, might get disappointed !First off, the phone had trouble discovering the car's BT, although, it did manage to pair up inconsistently. However, even after pairing up, the connection would not stay put for more than a few seconds - the phone would pop up a " ! cannot connect to BMWxxx " error message and in some instances would just freeze. I played with configurations in several ways, including removing all other phones from the car's auto-reconnect list - but still no luck there.Speaking of other phones: Moto Razr v3, Samsung BlackJack 2, iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS have all provided reliable BT-Handfree connection with my BMW 5xx (2006) so far.My other vehicle has an after-market Pioneer BT+ipod+stereo system (7900BT), Nokia 5800 did hook-up with it but would not auto-reconnect.I was kinda surprised by this experience as 5800 earned such a flamboyant review from Amazon reviewers - which I regularly base my purchases on, so I thought perhaps its my car ? thus I checked Nokia-USA's own user discussion board. I discovered that there are quite a few 5800 users complaining about the same issue that I encountered - its not just with BMW 5xx, but there are all sorts of makes & years of vehicle models which 5800 is unable to pair with.Did I try BT after upgrading 5800's firmware ? no I did not attempt to upgrade the phone's f/w, I expected the basic functions to work right out of the box.

After reading the phone specs it's an eyes catching with loaded of features. The first thing I did when the phone arrived were to updated the firmware to 40.000 and here is the problem I encounter after 3 days of usage.1. Battery claim to last in stand by up to 16 days? talk time up to 8hrs, but it only lasted max 2 days with minimal usage. This is a big BS!2. 20 submenu just to find miss calls ??? DUMB software designer.3. Bluetooh works only when it wants to work (Yes...known issues per Nokia)4. Navigation take days to pickup satelite signal. (By the time it pickup signal I'm already found the direction by local help)5. Touch screen not accurate (Screen is too small for touch screen, that's why they included the pen which is very annoying)6. Froze here and there once in a while (during a call it froze up or rebooted when it wants too, yes another known issue per Nokia)7. Main menu shortcut max only to 4 why not 8 or more when there is so much screen space left? (Make my life easier instead of pressing menu & submenu...DUMB VERY DUMB)7. Bulky for touch screen with lots of JUNK that advertise but don't work.8. Phone, battery all Made in China. (Yes stuff come out of there always have issues does not matter who stand behind it)Bottom line this phone sucks and does not worth 280 bucks, if you're reading this take my advise DO NOT BUY IT.  IT's a piece of you know what, don't read up and get fools by other reviewer rating so high they may work for Nokia.And no I did feel this piece of S* is a defective or bad apple from the pile.  Call Nokia and confirm the problems having, were told to reset and restored did not help, then offer exchange for refurbished phone.  WTF I just spend $280 lasted 1 week now I got a refurbish as for exchange, anyone in my shoe would not be happy.

This phone looks great and the system works fine but the touch screen is horrible. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. I try using it for a couple of days and I got really annoyed using it. The phone feels cheap and the "unlock button" is in a very inconvenience spot and every time you want to unlock it you have to slide it down, which by the way it also feels really cheap. For the price I don't think this phone is worth it.

This was a good camera when I bought for a gift. Only its GPS was so bad. One time it stuck on one place and then never got resolved. But phone works great, not the smartphone features.

Since my contract with T-Mobile had expired in July, I was looking around as to what to do next. I really like the plan I have and the customer service with T-Mobile. Only problem is that they really don't have a great selection of phones for renewal at a decent price. I also didn't want to switch to AT&T; just to get a free phone since I would get half the minutes and texts for the same price I'm paying with T-Mobile! Verizon and Sprint were a no-go for me.A friend told me about unlocked phones, so I was lucky this information came right around Black Friday weekend, when the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition was on sale.GPSEDIT: To ensure you only use the integrated GPS and never carrier service:settings -> phone -> app. settings -> positioning -> positioning methods and turn off all but 'Integrated GPS'.First off, you DON'T need a data plan to use the GPS, but there are some things you cannot access on the road without it. These include: expanded POI's, traffic, weather, satellite and terrain backgrounds, etc. However, you can at least see what they are like by using wifi. You will need to edit some of the settings so you don't use A-GPS, which is carrier assisted (it's set to it by default). It does take longer to lock onto the satellites this way, but it's not painfully slow. Also, since you have lifetime drive and walk navigation and map updates, you can just use wifi to update everything. You can also download numerous voices. My other GPS has more computerised sounding voices, but these are crystal clear and realistic. In addition, you get weather, traffic, etc. for two years. It's also great to have the car mount and car charger included. You can view the maps in 2D or 3D and the 3D version has building models for downtown areas, etc. It's nice to see the actual buildings you are passing. Also, it shows clouds during the day and stars at night along the top of the screen, which is a nice touch. The included mini-CD lets you install Nokia's OVI Suite software so you can use the phone with your PC. They also have a map updater and loader you can download.MUSIC AND VIDEOThe 8GB microSD card comes with some music and videos on it that can obviously be deleted, but it's nice to get some freebies. It was already in the phone when I got mine. There are some good videos on how to use the device for different things, and a few music videos too! I like the XpressMusic Shortcut - very handy to access the pictures, photos, videos, etc. The camera is pretty decent for both photos and video, much better than my previous phone, so no complaints really there. It's nice there is a secondary camera too for video calls or self-pictures.The FM radio is a nice addition, although you have to have headphones in order to use it.One thing I really like is the two built-in speakers. They are loud and don't sound tinny at all.The phone has a lot of ringtones to choose from. At first I couldn't find them, but then I realised they were within the different profiles you can edit. They are all mp3-style ringtones with real music, etc.PHONECall quality is great and I actually get better reception with this phone than my previous one. Dialing is easy and texting can be done via a few different keyboards or handwriting with the stylus. I also like the voice-dialing - much easier to use than my last phone. Actually, when a call comes in it will also pronounce the name of the person calling (although in a very computerised voice).You can set up the home screen to show four applications or contacts. Also a search bar is below that which enables you to search the contents of your phone and the internet. Optionally, you can also set up your email and that shortcut is displayed below the search bar.The phone feels solidly built and sturdy. It's a nice size, maybe a tad more thick than I'd like, but overall it's a nice quality. Screen resolution is fantastic. I like the slight vibration when you touch an item to confirm you touched it. The volume, unlock and camera buttons are on the right side, while the sim card and microSD slots are on the left side. It's nice to have these external, but they still recommend you turn off the phone and remove the battery to add or remove the sim or microsd card. On the top of the phone are the power button, headphone jack and micro USB port.Battery life is also excellent. My first charge lasted 3 days with heavy use of everything, including the GPS. I expect with light use, it will last much longer.Some of the applications included are dictionary, converter, recorder, file manager and real player. The two games (Bounce and Global Race) are also pretty good.There are a lot of settings that you can fiddle around with to get it just the way you like it.Overall, this is a great alternative for those not wanting to have a contract, but wanting a great phone with all the features. The GPS features alone honestly makes it worth the cost.

I have been using this phone for two days now and I like it very much. Amazon did a commendable job in shipping (Free). Given below are the set of Pros and Cons that I found in my limited use till now:PROS:1. Good responsive and vibrant touchscreen: though sometimes i find it difficult to scroll with fingers when browsing. There is a neat feature of calibrating the touchscreen according to the amount of pressure you would like to apply for smooth response. You may surely want to try this before judging the touchscreen.2. Excellent battery backup. Charging time of the battery is surprisingly low. It clocked 2.5 hrs for me to charge completely. The battery do drains fast when using the WiFi.3. Decent WiFi Speed for a phone. YouTube seems to have some problem. The phone cannot play the video while buffering. So you have to wait for sometime till it buffers fully. I think its OK for a phone, though :)4. Doesn't look cheap at all. Rather feels solid in hand. The only two things that lower the classiness are a) the back battery cover, which has to be literally "ripped apart" for opening the battery compartment and b) the lock/unlock switch which is at a very inconvenient position. Nokia could have placed the switch on the top left side of the phone.5. Loud and clear music quality.CONS:1. I am very disappointed at the quality of the main camera. It is definitely far short of a 3.2 MP one. I have seen Nokia phones with 1.3 MP camera taking better pictures.2. The software portion for organizing music seems to be really stupid. It doesn't allow you to maintain your folders as you copy them on to the memory stick. It arranges the music files according to albums, genres, composers, etc, which is annoying. This should be fixed in future versions of the s/w.I haven't got the opportunity test the GPS till now. In fact I am yet to find out on how to use the GPS offline without having to incur any carrier-data cost. Can anyone help me in this regard?Overall this phone is worth every penny.

Its been 8 months i purchased Nokia 5800 navigation (new). I already have battery issues. battery life is very poor. i am unhappy with this phone. planning to switch to iphone or andriod.

I still can't believe that this phone does everything that it says it does. I would have paid half as much for just he navigation system. the phone has great reception and other than it is smaller than my old phone ( Motorola V9 felt like a phone but not cool.)Yes this phone uses power but it is powerful. Blue tooth is easy to turn on and off. Controls did not take long at all to get used toMy only peeve is that the box did not have a bar code and that may affect the $50 rebate, but to be honest my price was so right that I almost can't complain. I know, I just did but :-)

Nokia 5800 is my first touch phone.The phone and features are ok (not too good or too bad)As I never used the touch phone before, I find it very difficult (more distracting) to even dial speed dial numbers when driving.The GPS works perfect even without a data plan. The only catch is the manual says to go online when connecting GPS, but do not do that. It seems that it will access data over the wireless network.The phone I got started to give very less talktime &lt; 2hrs as opposed the spec says > 8hrs.The features are great if compared with other touch phones. The touch screen does not seem to be responsive (may be I should not compare with iphone :-) )

I ordered this to use on T-Mobile.  Set-up was as simple as removing my Sim card from my old phone and putting it in this one - done.  System was recognized immediately.  Transferred all my contacts and I was making calls in minutes.  I am still learning some of the features and haven't yet figured out the voice calling feature.  One thing to watch is when the touch screen is active and you put it in a pocket sometimes it activates one of the features (web browser, maps, etc).  Other than that I have no complaints.  Oh and I find the OVI store to be ok.  Alot of apps there but nowhere near what you can get for the I-phone, but good choices anyway.

I just can say this cell phone is great. Nice touch screen, fast internet and very nice browser, I expanded to 16GB... Nice resolution. The 3G sinal is very strong. Sound is awesome and the design is simply beautiful. I totally recomend this phone. I had the 5800 XpressMusic and when this version came out I sold it to buy this upgrade and I can't tell with words how satisfied I am with this purchase. The GPS and the free maps are just outstanding and worth the extra money. Nokia has the best call reception and all the features needed even if you're a business person (send and receive e-mail, documents, internet, etc.) or just for fun (music, photos and videos) like me. 5 Star! You won't regret!

I bought this Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition in end of February to be used with AT&T; GSM Network.I am an iPhone user so bought it as a second line.It has good battery life for talking like 4 hours easy, but making phone call to someone from your phone contacts take few step to call especially if you driving by yourself. The call quality is good through the bluetooth headset.The maps are good but need AT&T; Data plan for online search but maps are stored on the phone, also good idea to plug-in car charger or else the battery run out fast. The maps are very accurate and speak street names giving enough time for lane change or turn. GPS locates in couple of minutes may be faster if if have Data connection.The music has good stereo sound quality and doesn't use much battery for few hours.The touchscreen is good, its resistive and requires to getting use to because some apps need one click and some two clicks.The weight of the phone is light even if you have it in the pocket.I have this phone for about a month and this is all I have used for in this time, I may comeback to edit my use of experience if time permits, you buy this phone and will be happy with features and price, good luck.

UPDATE:  Though my review below remains, I have to say that Nokia's software and support stink and I can no longer recommend this or any other Nokia smartphone.The short story is that their sync software (on the phone and Ovi Suite) is now broken and cannot sync calendar entries.  My phone has not synced the calendar with Outlook in almost two months.Since I bought the phone primarily as a PDA for business, I am now ham-stringed.  Nokia has been aware of the problem for a long time, has promised escalation within tech support ... and has delivered nothing.---Being a former tech guru, I'm hard to impress and never write gizmo product reviews.  The fact that you are reading this indicates that I am impressed.PROS: Unlocked - skip 2yr data plansTouch screenSlightly smaller than an iPhone8GB SD card included, max 16 though some people report 32 worksTactile feedback on touch screenWi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3GBuilt in GPS software with lifetime free map updatesFM radio, stereo Bluetooth for music junkiesBack of case is slightly "ruberized", making it somewhat scuff-proofSyncs well with Outlook, music files, etcComes with:a suction cup windshield holder (for GPS use)headphones with an FM receiver antennacar chargerCONS: Some minor UI quirksCamera and video 'acceptable' but not great in this eraCase feels light, and thus maybe fragileOne annoying config limitationNOTES:iPhone fanboys will object to the UI (though I read somewhere that an iPhone UI has been written by someone for this handset).  Personally, I kinda like Nokia's approach.  You single tap into menus (with the screen quickly vibrating under your finger to confirm you tapped) with some serious functions requiring a double-tap (no Jason, not the kind you are thinking of).Important is that the UI is very consistent.  The same buttons, locations, actions for one application are the same for another.  This impressed me as most phones fail this test.Other reviewers have had gripes about the 5800's UI, but I'm not seeing the problem.  Being a former IT guru and a prototypical hacker, I managed to install, configure, and operate the phone, sync with Outlook, get the Wi-Fi working (my router was more of a problem than the phone), and more without cracking open to manual (aside from getting guidance on inserting the SIM card).  No UI is completely intuitive, but I was able to do more with the 5800 in the first 30 minutes than I was with a friend's iPhone.That being said, though the phone's UI is consistent, Ovi Suite (the tool you use to sync) has a number of quirks and inconstancies.  At one point I managed to cause it to disconnect the Bluetooth sync function on my laptop (the phone was fine).There are three surface buttons under the touch screen (red, green, white) with two having obvious immediate functions.  The middle/white button is the main menu button, but it also doubles (when held for a second) to call-up the list of running applications.Side buttons include volume control and camera shutter.  The last one is the best - a little slider switch which is the lock/unlock control.  It is in a simple, convenient place, and the toggle mode of operation makes blind control brainless.GPS:  I won't comment completely about GPS and navigation because I have only made one grocery store run.  But some quick observations:a) The windshield mount is great, very flexible, I could put the handset nearly anywhere or at any angle.b) You have to first download a voice set for the turn-by-turn directions to be spoken.  They have many voice sets in many languages, so I'm download a Brit female (kinda found of the accent).  There is another voice set called "Surfer Dude" which I may need to grab for a lark.c) The voice is loud, and if you have the music player blasting tunes through your dashboard, it may be too loud.  No great way to control the mix while driving.  Nice touch though is that the GPS software slowly raises the music volume after the turn-by-turn words are spoken.d) The screen is just small enough to make me need to look over my glasses, which cannot be safe while driving.  However, the software gracefully switches and zooms the maps, then color codes the route in 3D.  So even on the small screen, it was usable.  If I upgrade my eyes, then it will be perfect.e) One quick test of setting a destination was unsettling.  The map software could not find 200 Mission Street in San Francisco, but could find the 300 block of a street in the little town of Alameda.  Not sure why.f) Oddly there are no links between the contact list (address book) and the navigation system.  It would be nice to have the handset pull an address from a contact entry and use it as the destination point.g) There is a walk-about mode that will tell you how to get from A to B without roads.  Good for city hikers and allegedly open field hikers as well.The one annoying configuration limitation that I have encountered is that there appears to be no way to limit the number of times a tone is played when an appointment comes due.  My old phone was configured to beep once, vibrate, then shut the hell up.  The 5800 keeps playing the same soothing song until I intervene (well, it might pipe down eventually, I just never have waited past five chimes).  I have put in an enhancement request.OTHER STUFF:When doing data entry you can use a mini-QWERTY keyboard (use the attached stylus), a landscape mode thumb QWERTY board, or handwriting recognition.  This last one works very well providing you do not write too quickly as you write one letter on top of the previous (unlike the old Palm system).Throughout (right when you turn the handset on) the phone provides tactile response (physical thump, buzz, vibrate - depending on what is necessary) including a little thump for every screen tap.  This is GREAT.  Tactile feedback assures your taps are recognized.  Big plus in my book.When the Ovi Suite (their sync software) is running, the two separate memories (main flash and SD card) are plainly visible in Windows Explorer.  This will make upgrading the SD card simple and purging files a mass operation.The handset includes a voice command/dial function that requires no training (i.e., no need to pre-record a sound clip).  It doesn't work.  It picks wrong names from the contact list, or fails to find them entirely.  The more unusual the name, the worse it gets.  Saying "Bill Smith", which should be simple, get's me "Michael Rourkes" email address.  Go figure.The printed documentation that comes with the phone borders on useless, so download the PDF users guide and expect to spend more of your time on the Nokia web site during feature/functionality discovery.  For example, I could not discover from the booklet how to turn on the speaker phone.BOTTOM LINE:I reviewed cell phones for over two years before making a decision to buy this handset.  A better value cannot be found.  Every feature I need, many I don't, unlocked, great price, and free lifetime GPS map updates for all locations around the world.  Can't be beat.

I have just got this thing pretty much figured out.  Its a great phone and after a bit of adjusting to a new phone, it does way more than I need it to.  I wish its screen was a bit wider but that's about the only down side I can think of.

Just want to say that the Nokia 5800 is one phone I did months of research before I bought it. I wanted the iphone but was never able to get it. Did not want At&T; Expensive service and wanted to stay with Tmobile. Ok, so the phone comes unlocked, a plus, no need to pay for unlocking and be stuck with the brand of a company I am not locked into with their features on the phone.This phone is touch screen and unlock the iphone has choice of two styli. The long pen like one inserted in the phone and the little guitar pick like one hanging on the strap. I must say the phone appeared to be smaller than I expected, it looks bigger but I have grown to get use to it and it fit right in my blackberry case.It is easy to access music by the tap of the media key. Contacts and dial pad button stay fixed on the bottom of the home screen. The head set is great, you can listen to music and the remote control attached to the headset allows you to play, stop, rewind and take call. Not to mention the headset matches the phone and it's black and silver-looks like great quality. To replace it, I found stores on the web selling it for about $7, might buy an extra it is so cute.Navigation -the main reason why I got this phone, along with touch screen and for music. Works fine for walking and Driving. The phone has WIFI people! Page loading is very quick! you can't ask for more! Just don't call Nokia for help, their Customer Service is horrible! Read all the booklets you can to find all the info and learn as much as you can about your phone for about a week to get all the funcionality. Oh and my contacts synced up with outlook no problem, the only thing is if you send text messages, you are limited about 8 persons at once. Ok. It's worth it and I am glad I got it for $249. It should be less by the summer definitely fall if you can wait.

I am having a terrible time with this phone. I basically wanted a quad-band phone I could use internationally, and I can't get a new Iphone until February (I lost mine a few months ago.) This phone is so annoying after you've had one of the premium smartphones.Four MAJOR issues:OS - it's really difficult to customize the 5800 to where it's effective. You can only have 4 shortcuts on the homescreen when there's no reason you couldn't have more. I don't expect an OS on the level of the iphone or google, but Nokia really needs to hire better programmers if they expect to compete in the future. Making a call to a contact can either be a simple process, but if you do what's intuitive, ie tap the name of the person twice, you will have to select the number to call, then decide whether to call or text, then decide if you want to do a video call or a regular call.GPS - I really wanted this thing for the GPS, but I can't get this thing to track my location in the offline capacity. IT'S CALLED THE NAVIGATION EDITION FOR GOD'S SAKE! I've tried it EVERYWHERE (and I live in Socal and have to drive around a lot). I assume to get it to work you should have to buy a data plan, but I didn't want to and the advertisements on the product description lead you to believe that you don't need it. Really disappointed for this. I mean REALLY DISAPPOINTED.Texting - horrible horrible horrible interface. It's probably good in that I will never even try texting and driving because I will cause a 12 car pileup just trying on this phone! The small QWERTY requires using the stylus (unless you like your texts giving you the spelling ability of an illiterate, clients sure love that!) but usage of the keyboard isn't linked to the accelerometer (doesn't switch to landscape when you turn it, stays TINY). Why why why.Screen doesn't work in sunlight - What the hell is this phone, a Twilight vampire? Good god if it's even adjacent to sunlight, you can't read a single thing on the phone. Driving during the day? Hope it's not sunny outside.Random other annoyances:1.Battery life is so-so, good for a smart-phone, but nowhere near what the tests say.2.Call clarity - people I talk to keep complaining about being able to hear me3.Car kit - TOTAL PAIN TO USE, I feel like I have to pry my phone from its iron claws4.No FM transmitter - I could have SWORN it was supposed to come with one. I think I read some wrong review here that said it had one. GRRRRRR5.Internet browser totally sucksI'll throw in the pluses:1.Great speaker for music - it's almost like a mini boombox! Speaker isn't great for calls though2.External storage 8GBincl - pretty cool that it has microSD3.Nice screen (when you're in the dark)4.Convenient hard buttons (the lock, volume, cam, on/off, and 3 call/menu/cancel buttons work well)CONCLUSION: get the fricken contract and get a good phone. This one's not it. Nokia makes a great phone physically, but the OS is not even 2nd rate. Hire the software design people and get it right, Nokia.

My 5800's touch screen doesn`t work well. It's too slow and stupid. I have to touch it many many times, and it doesn't work. I just recrived it this afternoon.I don't know why,only my cell phone have this problem?

I bought this phone (a month ago while I wash looking for a GPS) as it has a lifetime GPS as advertized (as the name navigation edition suggests) and after lots of trials and errors (after spending $$ on ATT 3G network for using it as GPS with the AGPS option checked and clicking "YES" when I asked to "go online now?" with SIM card in) found that it really works as GPS without the SIM card in. The trick is, (as suggested by some of the reviewers here) to check only INTEGRATED GPS, say "no" when it offers to "GO ONLINE NOW?" [even with SIM card in] and then having some patience to let it lock on to the GPS satellite. It gave me correct directions most of the times. As a smartphone, it does have a lot of good features like very nice touchscreen, WiFi connectivity, Bluetooth( both are really fast), shortcut to Xpress music menu, 3.2 MP camera (shoots good quality pictures during the daylight but grainy pics during the night, it also records video), fantastic battery life (imagine upgrading from Nokia 6555b which has one of the worst battery lifes), very nice stereo speakers on this phone but terribly missed FM transmitter(compared to Nokia N78), clear and loud GPS guiding voice, amazingly accurate GPS directions and lane assistane/guidance (in Austin, Tx and countryside around it). The phone is unlocked (iPhone r u listening???) and came with lots of free stuff like 8GB microSD card (external slot) which is expandable to 16 GB, car charger, GPS holder, earphones, MIR $50 (hope I get it soon), and great holiday price. Thank you Amazon for free and fast 2-day shipping (probably due to prime membership). Ovi has few free apps available for it, and the phone itself comes with recorder, realplayer, dictionary, notes, calculator, etc. Good to have a an external slot for SIM card, back cover fits tight (compared to Nokia N78) and seems scratchproof. Thanks Nokia.

cool phone, excellent indeed, i had to update the software when i got it, but else than that , it works good, did had any problem with it.

This cell phone was a real bargain. Not only I got Nokia's first touch phone, I also got a lot of extras (lifetime Navigation license, car windshield mount, car charger 8gb mini SDHC memory card to name the highlights). Navigation license and the 8gb card are pre-installed and ready to go out of the box. I find Nokia Maps 3.0 is on par with TomTom and Garming offerings. The small size of the unit makes it very comfortable to use one handed. The screen resolution is great and is also very responsive, though not as an iPhone. Pictures and video look crisp. I only looked at the included Dark Knight trailer, I never liked watching movies on such a small screen though. The best past is that I got it sale for [...], this for an unlocked handset. The next best Nokia would be the N97 which sells for about twice as much. 3G locks on quickly (on At&T;) and is strong here in Tampa, FL. Wifi is also included, and works very well too. Call clarity is on par with previous Nokias I have had. Nokia's new email client is very cool and a snap to set up. You can get your emails from Gmail, Hotmail, etc. Web browsing is great with the included browser. The OS needs a little getting used to, but you can customize the screen to some extent so you don't need many clicks to do something. Being an XpressMusic handset, the music player sounds great. Song transfer was also quick, mind you I only loaded about 700 songs to it. There are many free apps to download on Nokia's Ovi store. There many other app outlets where you can buy Symbian apps which can easily be installed, [...] come to mind. And these outfits existed way before the Apple App store. I usually do it via Bluetooth.The item description says it has 900/1900 Mhz 3G frequencies, but the box says 850/1900 Mhz 3G, so it works with AT&T; 3G.To summarize. If you want the freedom of an unlocked handset, want many features and apps, and a great price, this one's for you.

I am not an expert in the details of smartphones, so my review is brief.This product fulfill all my needs of communication and of interactivity and at a relatively low cost for an unlocked phone. My main interests were related to internet and GPS use, and it works very well for me in this aspects. Video, photo and music were not primarily concerns to me, but I am very satisfied with what this phone offers to me. The only thing that is probably I mistake on my part, because I am still learning how to use it, is that all audio and video files that I have tried come out "mono", even though they were recorded in stereo. May be this is some feature I have to learn how to deal with, but even if this is the case I would expect it to be straight forward, like a "plug-and-play" feature.

Nice smartphone. Picture quality is fair and the music player is decent and loud in speaker mode. Very good battery life and strong reception with calls. I haven't used the navigation features and the phone has frozen or locked up prompting me to power down. However, the cost is reasonable compared to other unlock phones and would recommend it.

I like the phone, but I didn't like the 2 days shipping, because I received in 4 days instead 2...

Features - 5 star  (Phone, GPS, Music player, Radio tuner. 3.2MP camera/video.)Value/Price - 5 star (Good price for unlocked phone with lifetime maps, car kit, car charger, battery, 8gb card.)Ease of use - 2 star  (Frustrating manuals, not very intuitive menus on device, too much software.)Overall - 4 star.One of the reasons I bought the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition over the Nokia 5800 Xpressmusic is due to the lifetime subscription for maps and navigation.  I understand that Nokia now offers free navigation and maps for all their phones via their Ovi maps site.  The difference between the two versions now appears to be just the Nokia Car Holder (CR-103) and the Nokia Car Charger (DC-4.) This doesn't appear to justify the price difference between the two versions any more.I really like that this device has the ability to geo-tag the photos I take.  I had to enable this option via the settings menu though.  I like using the GPS when taking walks and have found that it is fairly accurate once the GPS gets a proper location fix (which can take several minutes.)  Sometimes I found that I needed to power the phone down and up again to get the GPS fix.The native browser is weak in my opinion, but I downloaded the Opera Mobile 10 beta browser which is great.  I can use Opera to visit most websites. (I don't think Flash is supported on Opera though.)I enjoy the music player; it is easy to use once I downloaded my songs.  Downloading the songs was frustrating for me though.  It took a very long time for the "progress bar" to show any progress.  It took so long, that I thought I had done something wrong and I restarted the process.  I realized later by refreshing the library (Music player> options> Refresh library) that some of my songs had actually downloaded.The Nokia 5800 comes with a lot of software, which adds to some of the confusion since I don't alway know which application I should use.  (Nokia Map Loader, Maps Updater, Ovi Player, Ovi Suite, PC Suite, Nokia Photos, and Nokia Software Updater.)  Also, I had a frustrating time updating the Maps to the newest version that was recently released.  When I went to the App Updater, (Menu> Applications> App. update) there was a notification that there was an important update for Ovi Maps (about 8000kb.)  Although it appeared I had enough phone memory available, the phone notified me I did not have enough memory.  I was able to finally update Ovi maps by uninstalling Nokia Maps first (Menu> Settings> Application mgr.> Installed apps> then selecting Nokia Maps then Options> Uninstall.)Email integration with Google Gmail was fairly easy.  I did it via the Gmail site before I found the email wizard.  (Menu> Applications> Welcome> Email setup.)  I was unable to setup my [...] account though.  Every time I tried, either via the wizard or on my own, the mailbox that was setup was named Dogan Online with an ip address in Istanbul, Turkey (wtf?)Overall, this phone has many great features and I like it very much, but it may not be for someone who doesn't have a lot of patience.

I've had this phone about a week. Having never owned a Nokia phone before, I didn't find it quite as intuitive to set up as my old Blackberry; but with WiFi and lifetime GPS? It was totally worth a few days of getting used to! I'm still trying to get the GPS to work right, though I'm pretty sure it's my lack of knowledge rather than the phone's capabilities in that area. Screen resolution is beautiful, and screen size for internet surfing is great if you turn it horizontally and go full screen. True, it doesn't have a ton of apps like the iPhone, but I haven't missed the other 9,900 so far. . . (It has enough.) The BEST part? ATT gave me $10 a month unlimited internet because this is not classified as a smart phone. My Blackberry? $30. iPhone? $30. This phone? $10, and no new 2-year contract. That makes it almost perfect!

I had a iphone and now the 5800... I like the 5800 better. Songs / files are drag and drop! It has all the main feture I use and I can use T-mobile over ATT! In which ATT is a poor sevice all around and the word "poor" is being nice.Anyways If you want a nice phone with really nice features like the nav system and music player this is it. Its cheap for all this phone has to offer.

I got this phone so that I could replace my GPS, and the Ovi Maps 2.0 that comes with this phone is not very good. Even Ovi Maps 3.0 does not live up to expectations. There is no Text to Speech and the POI search only brings up the closest match. If you take a call in between, you'll need to start your navigation again. It once asked me to go over the divider and take a oneway in the wrong direction which pushed me over to seek an alternative. So I got Garmin Mobile XT installed on this. Mobile XT makes this on par with Garmin's dedicated PNDs and is very good. Only shortcoming is that XT also does not support Text to Speech. So you will still need to take your eyes of the road to look at the directions. Then I found out about the Ovi Map's Beta ([...]) which supports TTS and is much better than 3.0. So now I just choose between Mobile XT and Ovi Maps Beta depending on the features I need at that point.The touch screen is not multi touch or does not take gestures like the iPhone. But I wanted a phone that does not lock me in to a contract of an extra $30/mo. This phone lets me access the Web from hot spots. When I'm not near a hot spot, I can still get my Emails through [...] . So it works out great for me.

I am very happy with my Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition. See below for important start-up tips.It is an excellent bargain for below $300 and has all the features I was looking for (WiFi, Calendar syncs with Google, GPS with voice navigation, doesn't require a data plan).The first thing to realize is that this is the exact same hardware as the 5800 XpresMusic. The main difference is that it comes with accessories to mount it in your car like a regular GPS unit. (The accessories are solid and easy to use - just follow the directions.) If you find any advice, apps, or add-ons for the XpressMusic, then it will work on your Nav Edition.The phone is a very nice size - it really fits in your hand like a phone. I have had no problems with the touchscreen. You can use for finger for almost anything, or to click something small you might need to use a fingernail. It also comes with a stylus if you're into that. The menu system is fast and fairly well laid out. The GPS works great and for me it locks onto the signal in less than 1 minute. You do not need a data connection for GPS! Once you get it set up, it acts like a standalone unit.There is a bit of a learning curve with the interface, but it's not very difficult. (For instance sometimes you single click to select something, and sometimes you double click.)The official Ovi Store is not the size of the iPhone store but you can still find almost anything you want. Camera seems solid, and you can make two-way video calls (!) through Fring. Impress your iPhone friends with that!Basically this phone is everything I wanted. I'm planning to use it for a few years, and then keep it as a standalone GPS unit for my car.Below are the first few steps you should do when you first receive the phone. The first few are especially important ... enjoy!First steps with the phone:1) Charge the battery fully.2) Get your WiFi connection set up. Settings > Connectivity > Wireless LAN3) Update the firmware so your phone has the latest improvements, which includes kinetic scrolling. Press the keypad dialer icon and enter the number *#0000# then select Options > Check for updates4) Update your Nokia programs. Applications > SW Update.5) Turn on fancy menu transition effects! I don't know why this is off by default. Settings > Personal > Themes > General > Options > Theme Effects set to On.6) Download some apps. The Nokia Ovi Store is a good place to start. I recommend Opera Mini for a web browser because it is better than the default browser. Also the Gmail app is handy, and download Fring to make Skype calls (including video calls!)7) Download a fun theme. This sets your fonts, wallpaper, etc. The Nokia Ovi Store has a few but there are zillions on the web.I am using the "Hero 5th Edition" theme and it is really slick. Google "tehkseven" to find it.For many more tutorials, google "all about symbian nokia 5800 tutorials." (Apparently I can't put URLs in here.)

I bought this phone a few months back and I have become a fan of this phone after many months of usage. I bought this phone because this was an all in one phone and especially for the free GPS feature. I am not disappointed; It has a GPS which will work perfectly without any mobile network connectivity (meaning no data plan required). It has assisted me in my numerous trips; it announces street names and provides turn by turn direction. The music player is also excellent.

great phone for the price, it does everything it is is supposed to..the touch screen is a little disappointing but if you don't mind using a stylus, this phone is great!

hey i need to now if this phone  Nokia 5800 Navigation-Edition phone  work in 3G NetworkHSDPA 850 / 1900 - American version because i needed?=?????????????????????

The phone is really cool, except for low memory (RAM) on phone. Phone struggles to operate when more than one application is opened. Otherwise the phone would be 10/10.

I bought this phone the day it went on sale near the end of November.  The phone still looks and works like new even after dropping it and carrying it around in my back pocket... occasionally sitting on it for long periods of time.  I really don't see a need for a screen protector... yet!Having never used (or wanting to use) a touch screen in the past, I have little to compare it to.  However, I occasionally have difficulty using my fingers to surf the web.  It often doesn't accept my taps or thinks I'm tapping something else.  However it includes a stylus that slides into the back, and it works flawlessly when using the stylus.  There is also a wrist strap with a guitar pick for tapping.  I found the strap annoying so I don't use it.The car accessories are perfect.  The window mount is very easy to put in and take out.  The car charger is a huge bonus since most phones only include a home charger.The included 8 GB microSD is sufficient to hold lots of pictures, video's and music.  I've got about 30 CD's worth of music, a thousand pictures and 10 video's and I'm still only using about 4 GB.The radio only works with earphones plugged in and usually doesn't pick up my favorite station which I can pick up with any other radio.  On that note, my N series phones all came with Internet radio built in.  Why don't they include internet radio with the 5800?The phone is very powerful and I use it for messaging, surfing, contact management, calendar management, and multimedia uses (listening to music and podcasts).  Now I can get to the best things about the 5800:- S60 interface, symbian OS:  Unlike windows mobile, it is rock solid, rarely crashes and does not hog memory (even after you close a program).- The Apps: You can find thousands upon thousands of free downloadable apps from independent developers.  Unlike Apple & AT&T; who force you buy apps from their services and the iPhone that only allows "approved" apps, I can put anything I want on my phone and it usually works great.- It's unlocked.  Screw you AT&T.;  I don't want your locked phone with your crap software preloaded and your crappy limited surfing abilities (not to mention the required data plan with any smartphone).  I can just pay the 15/month for the basic unlimited data plan.  Better yet, I can use the phone wifi capabilities to do whatever I want when I'm in range of a free access point.  Also... one more message to AT&T;: your plans are overpriced and if I decide to go to T-Mobile I'll just bring my phone with me.- I don't have to be an iPhone toting dufous to have a slick, technologically innovative, affordable, touchscreen, smartphone.

So far, I didn't have any major problems with this phone except for the NOKIA OVI which I previously activated that just suddenly became inaccessible after a few weeks. I tried reinstalling it a couple of times, but it didn't work. The phone features are really nice, fast WLAN connection. The QWERTY keyboard is just too small though that it sometimes presses a different character when I type.  Overall, I love this phone.Fast shipping at Amazon.

I have owned this since Nov. 2009.First the biggest drawback is the touch screen.  If you have used a iPhone or IPod touch, this will be a big let down where the screen is concerned. The screen is a resistive touch screen that is not very responsive.  The stylus helps a lot in this area. These screen itself is very nice, great resolution and very bright.Now the reason I use it. It is cheaper to use than an iPhone, and can do things that would make Steve Jobs very upset. I have a family plan from AT&T; and have 4 different phones on it.  We have family messaging and family data turned on.  Three of the phones have unlimited data (which really means 5gb per month).  This phone has wifi and bluetooth in addition to the GSM network.  There are apps available that turn the phone into a hot spot so you can use your lap top to get to the internet via your phone, (The phone will still answer calls in this mode when using 3G).  This hot spot feature will support more than one user so I can plug the phone into power in the car and they can both use their lap tops or iPod touch to get to the internet when we travel.As a phone, the calls are great. The speaker phone is loud enough for hands free us in the car. It has an FM radio if you are using headphone or have it plugged into an amp.  (I have a small guitar amp with RCA jacks on the front, and I plug the phone into it to listen to music or the radio)The e-mail support is very good.  Nokia has a service (current free) that makes the phone act a bit like a blackberry (mail push). I set it up with a separate g-mail account and forward things i want to see to that g-mail account, Nokia then pushes it out.  Works great.The navigation is very good. Good voice prompts, coverage in the US is OK, not quite as good as Google maps. (You can also have google maps in the phone.  I use it at rush hour to see the traffic conditions, it uses the internal GPS automatically)Note that Nokia is now giving away the the navigation software so I don't know it there is any utility in buying the nav edition of this phone anymore.Finally, Nokia updated the phone software in March and the user interface was improved a bit.It is not an IPhone, but it is a great phone for traveling, using your other wifi devices, and checking your email.

Calls, messaging, gps, WiFi, all work well. I haven't tested Blue Tooth yet. Strange tapping (sometimes once, other times twice) is something I am still getting used to but no big deal. Touch screen is responsive.

I was a bit hesitant about moving from a Nokia E71 to this phone because of the touchscreen. I like tactile feedback and the satisfaction of physically feeling a button being pressed. Yet at the same time I wanted something new. So far I am very satisfied with this phone. It has an excellent display and it is very snappy software Symbian s60v5 that makes my "old" e71 feel dated. The construction is solid and doesn't feel cheap at all. The e71 felt more "elegant" when I first bought it, but the 5800 doesn't feel as fragile as the e71 does. Its taken me about an hour to get all my usual apps on it, but it was easy to bluetooth direct connect and transfer everything from my old phone to this one. Apparently this phone is hovering around 7 million units sold worldwide, so it must be doing well. Unfortunately a lot of us in the USA need to be spoon fed iPhones. Which this phones does and then some. it has 100s of apps and themes and all that out there. Overall I'd go for 4.5 stars cause I wish it was maybe a quarter of its width thinner, but then again I think I was just used to the thin e71. Great phone.

What it has that regular 5800XM doesn't is a lifetime GPS licenses, like a regular GPS (you know what im talk about?). This phone has everything i ever wanted in a single solution. works very well.Pros:1.phone,mp3,mp4,camera,GPS,PDA,6 in 1.2.cheap for what it does.Cons:1.weird touch screen. a very soft lcd pannel that looks flat but my finger tells otherwise. the center goes in(concaved) and giving me a unlevel feeling when i drag map around.2.mulitple softwares need to be installed, complicat3.4.Still dont like the touch screen very much, but the other problems i was having before, i had them streighten out thanx to V.Phan.like i said in title, this phone is a super star.

Over the years I have owned Motorola, Nokia, LG, Samsung phones and somehow I have always preferred basic Nokia models. In order to move to a smartphone I wanted an unlocked phone that would work on TMobile which would offer me the following things -* A good internet browsing experience* Ability to check email on the go* Google Maps for lookup as needed* A variety of useful appsI was trying to decide between the Nokia 5800 or the E71. I finally bought the 5800 Navigation Edition as I thought the lifetime routing and map upgrades are pretty useful. Its been a few weeks that I have been using this phone and I am liking it. Here are the important points -* I was worried about the hardware quality after reading some reviews but so far its all been great* The touchscreen will feel unresponsive if you are used to an iPhone. This is a resistive touchscreen .. it needs to be used differently .. it needs more pressure .. but you get used to it soon enough.* Signal reception is excellent - I get 2-3 bars where I earlier had 1.* Speakerphone (and speakers) are phenomenal* Nokia Maps is okay ... I use it if I really need guided directions, else I stick to Google Maps - which shows your position very accurately with the aid of the internal GPS.* I was able to set up Mail For Exchange and connect it to my GMail account. Now I get Google Sync - so Google Calender, Contacts and GMail are all auto synced to my phone. Haven't tried Nokia Messaging yet as I am satisfied with Google Sync.* The 3.2 MP camera is not bad but not great either. The default photo size is set to Large. Change it to Medium to make pics less grainy. Video is pretty good. Pics in daylight are better.* The car mount supplied by Nokia looks of good build and quality but once I mounted the phone - it was a struggle to get it our of the mount.Recommended apps -Snaptu, Google App (voice based search is great), Google Maps, Opera Mini (or Mobile), Facebook, FringThe Ovi Store has some free games, apps etc but you can search for and find a lot of free apps for Symbian S60v5.I do wish the homescreen had more than 4 default shortcuts. There are some paid apps which will change that.

This is my third foray into the world of Nokia Symbian Phones.  I owned the 3650, 6600, and after a run of Blackberries and major disappointments, I came back to the phone that does it all.  Well, this phone is pretty perfect and has a lot of features that are not well publicized.First, it has an absolutely gorgeous screen and incredible sound.  The clarity is similar to that of the Nexus One and other AMOLED screens.  The sound is superior to every phone I have ever heard both the headphone port and stereo speakers.  Using my Shure personal monitors, the Headphone clarity is very clear and perhaps a little bright.Second, the phones contacts feature on the home screen is extremely useful and functional.  It publishes Facebook, RSS, phone, text, and email updates from the person at a glance!  It really does work like described.Third, the navigation is the best included solution on the market.  This is a shock to most people but I will go more in depth.  The phone not only offers downloaded maps and voice navigation, but it does so for the WORLD.  180 countries and counting.  The maps themselves are vector based rather than raster (pictures).  This results in a lite, scalable, and deceptively antiqued look.  Vector is superior and provides the user the ability to zoom in and out without rendering time like on the iPhone and Android phones.  Additionally, Nokia took a more thoughtful route with waypoints, points of interest, and recommendations.  While Google Maps will turn up a million useless, outdated, trolled, and misplaced results in a search for 'pizza', Nokia uses Lonely Planet and ViaMichelin in order to provide screened, professionally reviewed and well written results for searches.  Lonely Planet guides built in also allow world wide information in whatever city you might be traveling in.  This was much better than carrying a book in Vi&ntilde;a del Mar in Chile or Mendoza in Argentina.  Since this phone is unlocked, throw a SIM card in and you are off on EDGE, 3G (depending) or WiFI.  They even have reviews on nightclubs with information like the time of night people go, when it is open, and suggestions on drinks!  That has been a great help in New Orleans.  The maps also include 3D buildings in 3D mode, lane guidance, and traffic.  The interface is very similar to using a Magellan GPS.  It works without internet/cell connection too.  If you are driving out in the country, it will not stop working.  That brings me to the car kit.  The charger is fine, nothing too stellar but the coiled cord is a plus.  The car mount is not good.  By not good I mean pretty terrible.  It is nice in that it sticks out further from the windshield because the screen is smaller than your 4.3" TomTom, but the arm is jointed and that makes it difficult to change the position while driving given your co-pilot needs to make a change.  The cradle is also specific to a snug fit on the phone requiring you to take off your case to make it work.  Finally, the suction cup is the worst I have ever seen.  It falls off the windshield several times a day and I ended up taking it off except for when I desperately need to use it.  A shame really.  This is a navigation phone and provides exactly what no one else can provide on the market at a price that is better than everyone elses.  With the new Google Maps for Android 4.1 out recently, I will check out how the overlay navigation on street view works, but the downside again is that it must be web connected.The phone itself is a mix of solid feeling and cheap.  The front feels solid, the back feels cheap.  It was a disappointment but I think it is something you can live with, especially if you are using an OtterBox.I have had to have the circuit board replaced once this week (purchased in 11-2009) and for 4 months of light use (I use my iPhone more) it was a big disappointment.  But Nokia gave me a $10 credit to the Ovi store to repay the shipping I had paid to send it in.  Their customer service was second to Apple.  Absolutely great if only a tiny bit inconvenient.DO NOT LOAD SMS PREVIEW!  It will destroy your phone.  It is completely terrible for the phone too.  I was also unhappy that this device does not have an electronic compass.  The navigation edition should include one in my opinion.  I never used the included headset or remote but the radio worked well, the camera had a decent picture but I prefer pictures from the iPhone (save for low light w/ flash).  The video was ok but useless in low light.  Ovi software for the phone works great and the interface is awesome.  It definitely is more modern looking than iTunes.  I think the SMS backup feature is the biggest draw!Overall, it is a solid phone to ring out Symbian s60 v5.  I cannot wait to grab a new Nokia on Symbian ^2 next winter!

The first few days I tested the 5800 with no SIM card ... wanted to see what it could do on its own (without using any cellular service).Music & Video Player:  Superb audio & video quality ... nice having the 2 built in stereo speakers.  Includes 8 gig of memory & is upgradable.GPS:  No data plan (or even phone service) is required.  Outstanding & full featured GPS.  Signal strength is excellent (as a standalone GPS) ... Full maps, POI's, directions, etc can be used with the built-in map data. If wifi or cellular service is available, you get added features (weather, traffic, more POI's, satellite images, and faster positioning). Worldwide maps are available for free from Nokia.Navigation version of the 5800 includes car adapter and mounting kit.Internet:  Can use wifi alone (without any cell service), bluetooth, or optionally, a cell phone data plan ... your choice.PDA features:  Usual functions ... work very well.  Additional software applications are available to download for even more features.Camera:  outdoor pics look good - indoor, not as good.Build quality: solid feel, clean design, & removable battery.Finally, as a phone it works well; clarity, features, battery life & overall usability are all excellent.Summary:While there are many other devices available, the Nokia 5800 is unique in that it can do so many things on its own, with or without a specific cellular carrier or a specific service plan.The 5800 is a very versatile and feature-packed device at a great price.  So muchmore than a phone:  a large high-res touch screen, full featured GPS, Audio/Video player, camera, WIFI, internet browser, bluetooth, etc ... all nicely integrated.  It should prove to be very useful at home, in the car, and while traveling.

Very good product , I am very happy with it even until now I don't know how to use navigation yet ,Picture quality is OK , sound is good ,I load about 300 Karaoke songs to the phone , I can sing whenever  I like to , I use it for phone couple of days ,It is OK .I can check mail or watch video on you tube in the mall with wifi .It is OK too .My Coworker ask me about this and I recommend him to buy from Amazon , very good and trusted company .I call this phone is my Karaoke to go

tengo mas de un a&ntilde;o y medio usandolo y todavia esta a la vanguardia de los modelos actuales, no tengo queja, lo he actualizado varias veces por ovi... tremendo precio por todo lo que hace, es 3G, WI-FI....demasiadas funciones y aplicaciones que les puedes bajar.... lo recomiendo

Let me start by saying that I had the first generation of this phone, meaning the original 5800XpressMusic.  It was the first time I questioned the quality of the new Nokia phones as I had the Nokia 5610XM previously.  This newest version of the phone, however, is very high in quality.  No squeaks or anything coming from the body at all.  The buttons have much better tactical feedback and the black chrome and matte body looks 100x better than the original.The lifetime GPS software is easily the best feature of this phone.  While some reviewers may say that the GPS algorithms are pretty basic, this phone has the ability to "learn" the routes you take.  That was an impressive feature I discovered recently.  You get traffic reports, maps, and 3D imaging for free unlike the XM model.  Based on previous costs of the Nokia Maps GPS software, you are essentially buying a nice GPS device that doubles as a phone.  The mount is relatively easy to figure out how to put together.  Afterall, how hard can 2 screws and 2 holes fit together?  Needless to say, it makes an impressive fight against standalone GPS devices.  Also, even if you do not like Nokia Maps, Garmin has made their own GPS software that works just as well, if not better, than Nokia's version.Now for the music, while the basic player has some things to wish for, there is a nice program approved by Nokia in the OVI Suite that makes the music much better.  The phone is quite impressive for the small speakers on the side.  While you'll have a hard time hearing the bass on its own, with headphones, it is no problem at all!Now for the games and applications.  While the phone is no iPhone-killer, it makes a respectable alternative due to its features.  Games are now relatively plentiful as are the apps.  Even if some applications require the use of a directional pad, the 5800NavigationEdition puts up a digital pad for these applications or games.  The software support for this phone is improving overtime and its in a positive direction.For the business community, adding and checking emails are a breeze.  Its simple to the point where you don't have to read the directions at all.  Also a plus is the integration of Office Suite, which puts "MS Word/Excel" on your phone so you can open, read, and edit documents.  This is highly useful as an alternative to the netbooks that college students are currently using.  Paired with an optional bluetooth keyboard, this easily replaces my laptop and my paper notebook for notes in class.  Afterall, who would want to carry a heavy computing device just for notes and internet since the 5800NE can do both easily?  In fact, even AIM/Skype/MSN are perfectly incorporated when you download them for free (use FRING).  Overall, this is a great phone for people on the go.Battery life for this phone is generally something that could be improved but doesn't have to be.  After 3 hours of taking notes using my bluetooth keyboard, a unknown sum of text messages, and quite the number of phone calls, my battery is almost dead at the end of the day.  Thankfully this version of the 5800 includes a car charger.  You WILL need it if you need to rely on the GPS for more than an hour, but thats to be expected.The camera is something that also can be improved but it works well for most things.  Just be wary in times of darkness, thats all I can say.  Otherwise, its pretty decent.-----------------------------Based on my experience, I'd buy another if I had the chance (which I did afterall).  Its a great phone for the money.  It may take a small while to get used to but after that, its worth it.  This will definitely hold me off on purchasing another phone for a while, at least until the next XpressMusic or NavigationEdition Nokia model comes out.

For all that this phone does, it is definitely worth the money.Things that work well for this phone:GPS does work without a data plan as I have tried it. It seems to work well too.Music and video playing is clear and max volume can be loud which is a good thingRadio is also a plusThings that this phone is ok at:The camera is so-so but I guess for a phone it's decent.Wifi works great but the browser does close from time to time.Web browsing also isn't as user friendly as an iphoneNot nearly as many apps as iphoneThe touch screen is not as responsive as iphone but still works good.Battery life is ok I seem to have to charge it every other day and I mostly use it for listening to music and watch some videos. I would say light-moderate use.All in all I have this phone for a week now and I love it. For an unlocked smart phone this is a jack of all trades type of phone. It does many things. It is certainly not as cool as an Iphone but considering it's true ownership cost is probably 1/20 of any other smart phone that requires 2yrs contract with a data plan, I think this phone is definitely worth the price.

Great phone however it started freezing 8 months later. I had to return it to Nokia to fix and they charged me $50 to fix it but then they started freezing again.

Just my (non-technical) 2 cents worth to add along with the other reviews. From all I can tell the regular 5800 XM and the Nav edition are physically the same. It does appear from photos I've seen that the regular 5800 has black trim around the front edges and a thin colored band around the sides. The Nav version has chrome trim on front with no side band. It even has "XpressMusic" written near the top of the screen, but nowhere did I see the words "Nav Edition."I was really surprised by how small this phone is. All the pictures of it that I've seen seem to portray it as much larger. This is a replacement for my old Nokia XM-5300, which was shorter (when closed) but much bulkier by comparison. I do not have a data plan, but I do have the T-Mobile "cheap" internet plan and use my phone to access my e-mail & browse the web. Not fast, but adequate for me.I ordered the screen protectors and a hard case (covers the back and sides) along with the phone. One of my concerns prior to purchasing was that the (relatively soft) screen might scratch too easily. The screen protectors eliminated that concern. I would rate screen sensitivity as very good. Every once in a while a second tap would be required, a very minor annoyance. I would rate the camera as average (for a cell phone). Not bad, but not a selling point. Video and sound quality, very good to excellent. The buttons and controls are well laid out and there are lots of on-screen menu options. The phone feels solid and compact, easily fitting into a pocket. I'm still learning all the functions, but so far I am pleased and have no second thoughts about my purchase. Nice phone at a good price!

I purchased a N5800 Nav Edition phone and it has been almost a total disappointment in the Navigation department.  It is not easy to use and there is NO manual in the box.  When you go to the website they list about 10 different manuals for phones but there is no way to determine which manual you need.  I have contacted Nokia customer service 3 times now and so far all they have done is promise some one would call me and tell me how great their cutstomer service is.  Well it has now been about 6 weeks and I have still not had a call back from them.  After much struggling I was able to get it to navigate a route for me a couple of times.  However, the second time I got it to work I made the left turn it told me to make and the display showed me heading in the right direction.  Then it went into total lockup mode and I had to turn the phone off.  As a phone it is okay but there are hundreds of okay phones out there.  As a navigation device it is almost worthless.  If you can find the owners manual and all it might be okay.  However a lockup in the middle of navigating doesn't inspire much confidence.  Fortunately I rarely need it and I can read a map combined with Anchorage, Alaska is not that big of a city.  Good luck if you do buy one for the navigation feature.

hey everyone, I got this phone last thanksgiving and have been using it ever since. It is just a great all around phone for it s part. If you are trying to compare it to other smart phones like the iphone, don't bother because they are completely different. First off, the 5800 has a resistive screen, meaning that you have to physically tap the screen to get an action out of it, great for those of use that need to feel what we press. The iphone on the other hand has a capacitative screen, meaning it uses the electricity from our touch to input touch.I love the 5800 for the free lifetime navigation, which was free for like 6 months before it gave free navigation to all Nokia smart phones. Even with that, it is still a great value phone. If you have ever used a nokia in the past, you will be using this phone with ease out the door. If you are novice at nokia phones, then it may take probably less then a day.

Great phone, I have always enjoyed nokia brand phones. The stylus was a good addition as well. Overall good product.

This is my third Nokia phone, but my first one in years after several Sony Ericsson phones.The phone has a top-notch screen and great media features.  That maps of all of the US is built into the phone is great.  This means that the GPS works great even if you do not have cell phone coverage. The maps only take up about 1gb of the included 8gb memory card.The camera is quite good, even if it was a step down from my previous Sony Ericsson phone that had a 5.0 mp and Xenon flash. Now if I could use the second 3G camera to make video calls in the US.The built in Wi-Fi is great and works wonders if you do not want to spend money on a data plan.The phone is solid across the board like most Nokia products are.I use my phone with T-Mobile.If I could afford any phone I would buy a Nokia N97 or Sony Ericsson Satio.  For a great touch screen phone that is miles cheaper than the iPhone, this is a great option.  It has a better camera than the iPhone and the built in maps and video calling are better features than the iPhone offers. I also like the built in stylus which makes Internet browsing a breeze.

This is my first touch screen phone. I was looking for something small with all features. iPhone is big and does not have FM and more over its very costly. This is a great phone for the price. Configuration was vrey easy. Will surely recommend this. The delivery was very fast.

sad to say i got a lemon product, it worked at the beginning, after i turn it off, it just died on me, i have sent it to to Nokia for repair, i will follow up later to review their warranty service, and more on the phone.

Pros:Price, price, and price. ($249US for me)Fairly intuitive interface.Nice screen.Open platform.3G works on AT&T;Speakers are awesome for such a small device.Good size.  Not very heavy.Overall a nice looking phone.Several output options like a line out that works well with external FM transmitters.Lots of free apps available (some good), and you can write your own.Touch features overall work well if you use a fingernail.Cameras work well.  Comes with editing software on the phone.Battery life is ok.  It depends on what you're doing.Call quality seems good.Paired with our BMWs (one automatically, the other took some work).Cons:The WiFi tends to be flaky for me.  If an application loses connection, it may crash and make the phone unresponsive. I've had to pull the battery several times because of this.  Now I only use WiFi for web browsing and streaming at home.There's no FM transmitter that I can find (contrary to Amazon's description).The screen surface looks pretty cheap.The XpressMusic quick launch button doesn't work anymore (after 1 week) (it's back?).I'd like the home screen to be more configurable.Scrollbars are tricky to select with your finger. If you miss, popups will cancel out.I'd like to be able to uninstall factory apps in the interface.

Like the other reviews, please understand the features of this phone before making a decision or reviewing it.I got it for around 250 with a 50 MIR and that was during thanksgiving and it was a killer deal. It does not excel in any field, but it does very well in all the fields. The feature include using it as phone, text, camera, music player, connect to wi fi, GPS, play games and much more.Pros-Has a lot of features-Phenomenal battery life. Nokias have always excelled in this are and this is no different. This alone is a winner for me-its unlocked, can use it around the world.- has GPS for emergency- just the right size to fit the pocket, not too big or large as the iphone- dont have to deal with any contract. I use prepaid and this is winner if you use prepaid phoneCons- battery life is less with GPS ON- Screen not as big as iphone- I did not really like the silver lining. but it helps when you put a skin cover and holds it in place

This phone has a lot for the money ;gps,wi-fi,music player, 3.2mp camera, and oh ya a really good phone. Out of the box and before putting in a sim card I updated maps and checked for software updates over wifi. The gps works as well as my wifes garmin nuvi200. The initial sat. lock took about 5 min., but now less than a minute each time I use it. The signal meter is usually 3/4 to full strength. I personally like being asked before connecting to the internet (avoids costly data charges) but those that don't can go into settings and change it. There are a lot of  tutorials online to learn how to cut down on steps with th OS for those who think 3 taps are to many to connect bluetooth. I have not become quite that lazy yet. Music player is as good as any, camera OK for a phone, I like the flash. Overall a great phone with great value. This is my first Nokia phone in over 6 yrs, it won' be my last.

Nokia phones I prefer, but why I do not know.Maybe because the first one I had was a Nokia.Nokia sticks to its principles and is good at that.The phone does the job, the camera also, but 5MB would have been nicer and finally the GPS, the reason I bought this one, is great with free worldwide navigation. However, without assisted GPS it takes some time to pick up the satellite signals.There might be smarter phones, but at the price I paid, I doubt.

Indeed, very nice phone.Wanted to buy a phone to work with in Europe. It means no subsidized phones and no iPhone at all. (it's crazy to buy a $700 iPhone and then unlock it).Took 5800 NE during Black Friday... wanted it anyway + price was too sweet. :)Don't regret it yet. :)Pros:- Nice touchscreen. Don't have to use stylus even with mini-QWERTY.- Always wanted a phone with a WiFi.- Good quality of music.- Remote control on a hands-free.- Jack plug for hands-free! (After SonyEricsson's plugs it's so great!)- Lived almost 4 days on a single charging with ~4-5 total hours of music + a bit of GPS and different explorations of a new toy. :) I think it's a Pros.- Lots of stuff in box.- Great price (at least it was 2 weeks ago :)).Cons:- No Euro 3G. (no big deal in fact, coz by the time we have good and cheap 3G in Moscow, I'll be buying the next phone :)) But even for U.S. - too little choice of carriers.- Takes too long to find a satellite (plain GPS). But probably situation will change away from U.S. or I'll just use A-GPS.- Don't know if it's possible to add songs to a playlist by folders, instead of one-by-one adding. Inconvenient.- Too sensitive accelerometer. Sometimes rotates the screen when it shouldn't.- SIM-card placement is very odd.- No screen protector in box. They cost a little, why just not include one?

I like Hank's review, pretty much sums up my feelings on this phone. Since this packaging emphasizes navigation, I'll comment on that and a few other things. By far the greatest strength on the 5800's navigation is that it can be completely independent from a data plan. Failure to recognize this will have some comparing Ovi Maps to Google Maps, which misses the point completely. You can solely rely on integrated gps, no data plan, no internet connection, and your gps will work on this phone, with full routing and other search capabilities. You can use wifi later on to update the maps for the life of the phone free, another key feature (Garmin will charge for updates). However, gps lock will take a while, I've heard some reports of taking longer than 10 minutes, it is usually 3-5 minutes for me. I have heard of mixed reviews for a product called Skyhook, which promises faster gps lock times in the area of seconds. For those who do have a data plan, gps lock time will not be an issue, and Google Maps is also available for free on Symbian. My experience with routing is fairly accurate, although sometimes I will run into glitches that I never get with my Garmin 765T. I haven't run into the re-route delay problem experienced in the CNET review, my re-routing takes place in seconds as one would expect (although I'm currently running Ovi Maps 3.04 beta).The 3.2 inch screen of the 5800 seems very small for automobile navigation, and the tiny street names displayed on the map don't help. Fortunately, the highlight box in the center top section of the screen shows the current position street name and street number in larger fonts, and the voice guidance is loud and clear. The text-to-speech is clear on directions, but the street names are not so clear, less clear than my Garmin unit. Also, I noticed while driving on the freeway, the map will show me on a parallel street next to the freeway, and it will switch between the parallel street and the freeway constantly, a minor annoyance that I never experienced on my Garmin unit. Overall, the gps feature on this phone is basic but fairly accurate, the graphics and text are sharp, and the refresh rates are similar to a dedicated unit.For internet browsing, the preferred choice for many Symbian users seems to be either Opera Mobile/Mini or Skyfire. Skyfire can render web pages almost exactly like your pc, including flash video, and the experience according to many reviews is superior to iPhone's Safari, even with its flash plug-in. I am surprised how much of my casual web browsing I can do with this phone over wifi, and using Fring, you can even do video voip using the front camera, although the video and audio quality is low compared to Skype video on a pc.As for packaging, the automobile mount is top-notch, sturdy construction (made in Germany), does not rattle, and can swivel horizontally. However, if you plan on putting on a phone case, it will not fit. Also, the car power adapter cord is coiled (versus straight), so it might stand out. The packaged earphones were an afterthought - from the Y split to the plug the cord length is only about 12 inches (30 cm), so forget about listening to music with the phone in your pockets unless you're 3 feet tall. As others have noted, Symbian 5th-ed is getting old, not as flashy as Android or iPhone (although there is myPhone that can emulate iPhone pretty closely), but if you don't mind less flash and a more structured interface (I actually like how you can create folders and move icons almost anywhere), a great choice of apps, superior web browsing, data-plan free navigation, all for a great value, then this phone is for you.

Great phone. Love the free GPS and it is light compared to the others I was looking at.

I cannot be more pleased with the purchase of this feature-rich phone with an amazing price value. First and foremost, it works great as a phone, both ergonomically and performance-wise. Secondly, it makes up for a relatively weak selection of applications (Ovi store) with capable hardware.Key value features:1. FREE Ovi Maps: After installing "maps booster" (app available via Ovi store), the GPS location locks almost instantly and restores an otherwise solid experience with Maps (fast rendering unlike the online Google Maps), Navigation and Points of Interest (small selection but overall comparable to a stand-alone GPS device). Cannot beat the convenience of a GPS that actually works and is built into your phone!2. Media Player: The media browsing and play features are very good. This is not an iPhone but is very workman-like.3. Secondary Camera & Video Capture: Not many phones in the market offer a secondary camera allowing video calls (use Fring app) over a smartphone. This feature, in itself, if useful to you, ups the price-value standard. Video capture is a great add-on and does well in capturing video of customizable quality and size.4. Mail for Exchange: Seamless connection with Microsoft Exchange!Drawbacks:1. The touch-screen, as other users pointed out, is less responsive than other comparable phones (e.g. iPhone). The key is to use your finger-nail (assuming you have a screen protector).2. The help guide is an exercise in english and not actually assisting in navigating a feature.3. The pool of Nokia software (Ovi Suite, etc.) is clunky and hard to use in sync with the phone although there is nothing to say it may not improve (new releases) over time.My 2 cents...it actually comes close to being a smart-phone (unlike the many dumb phones in the market) and rules its own charter without succumbing to the carrier-based relationships that usually enforce restrictions and fees.

Immediately after the purchase, I sent Nokia for the $50 mail in rebate. There was a reply that I carried the phone overseas and hence they will not offer me the rebate !! WTF? very poor Nokia customer support and made me run all over and I gave up eventually. Phone freezes up, screen gets fuzzed up in cold, touch screen is unresponsive. Happy this 'arrogant' company is going down.

I had some money set aside to get a gps and I got this phone from amazon warehouse instead to replace a windows mobile phone that had been a continous headache.  The Nokia 5800 is great.  Call quality and speakerphone is excellent.  The touchscreen works great - this was my first touch screen and I didn't know if I would be ok without a 'real' keyboard, but the touchscreen is actually easier on my knuckles which would get sore from pressing small physical keys and it is faster because the landscape qwerty keyboard is bigger than typical physical keyboards.  I don't have 3G so don't have an expensive data plan, and have had a great experience with just the GPS and the WiFi.  I've used the GPS on short and long trips and it worked well.  Some navigation is a little quirky, and some things, like updating an existing route, may not be intuitive.  I was able to use the WiFi at work with my smartcard and have also used it at home. I looked online for the tips for setting it up with the certificates and settings to work with the corporate wireless network.  I set up mail for exchange on the phone (free) and I can now sync my contacts, email and appointments with gmail over wifi - which makes it really easy.  There are many free apps available from the OVI app store.  They have everything I want/need. Do make sure you use the 'SW Update' app to update the system software after you get the phone and make sure that you follow the instructions for charging to ensure long battery life.  I've done this, based on other postings I've read, and have not had any problems.  The phone has been around long enough, that if you need help setting something up (like corporate wifi with EAP security settings) you should be able to search and find some tips.  One other nice plus is that the headset that comes in the package has earbuds that you can unplug from the microphone control and then you can plug-in other headphones which you like better to use with the headset.  The microphone/control piece is on a clip that will clip onto your collar or shirt or ...  If I use a headset when making a call, I can hear the conversation better if the sound is on in both ear pieces, and this headset provides the call sound into both ears.  I would get it again - it is a great price for what you get.  Also the camera quality is fine (I don't expect slr quality from a phone).  Video playback quality is very good.  If I had optical zoom like my regular camcorder and an external mic, then this one would be just as good for recording video. If you are in the US and are thinking of buying this, make sure your cell phone company uses SIM cards (TMobile and AT&T do, for example.)  One last thing is that you can do video calling using this phone to iphone and android users if they have 2 cameras like this phone and if they have fring.  I wish skype had not decided to block video calls from Fring (video calls worked before July, when you could make video calls from this phone to skype users)

The standard 5800 was one of my favorite phones of '09. It just worked so well for what it's designed for, phone calls and music. How could nokia improve on it? Bundle it with a car mount, car adapter and lifetime access to nokia maps.For T9 the onscreen keyboard is great, for QWERTY its passable but not as good as iPhone or Droid.The S60 OS this phone runs lacks some of the coolness of the new smartphone OS's like the iPhone, android or maemo. But the upside is you get a lot more control of the phone via its settings. If you've not had an S60 phone the learning curve can be a bit steep but once you learn it you can really fit the phone nicely to your needs.If your needs are phonecentric and you want a nice compact media and navigation device, then the 5800 nav edition is extremely good value.Tip:If you listen to last.fm, then install Mobbler and stream your favorite music anytime. Works like pandora but nicer ui.

Both my husband and I got this phone a couple weeks ago, and so far it has been a great experience. We did get the phones when they were on sale, and that was defintely an added bonus, but even without the sales, it's a great price for a phone.PROS:*Opening the box is exciting!*Setup of the phone is easy. I am not a techy person like my husband, and I had my phone all set up and ready to go before he even got home from work.*The phone looks nice and is good quality (my husband has already dropped it twice and all is well).*Battery life is good- I am not a heavy internet/GPS user, so I can usually go a couple days without recharging the phone. My husband, on the other hand, has the wi-fi/mobile network on 24/7- he usually plugs it in when he goes to bed at night.*Stylus- LOVE IT!*Two cameras- one in front and one on the back.*Radio access- awesome!*The GPS is easy to use. Just like any GPS device, it takes a little getting used to how to input directions.*Aps- Plenty of great applications available for downloading onto the phone. It's easy and painless, too.*KeyGuard- the lock on the side is fantastic and easy to use.*Music quality is great. With headphones or just letting it play for all to hear, I am impressed with the quality of the sound.The CONS:*Picture quality is disappointing. It's rather grainy.*The flash is painfully bright. Blindingly bright. It makes for a great flashlight when you happen to have your phone on you in the dark. :)*3G network doesn't really work for T-Mobile users. The slightly slower network and wi-fi do work just fine.*GPS can be a little slow.Really, that's all I can think of. I was hesitant to move to a smartphone, now that I have this UNLOCKED phone, it would be hard to go back to something simpler.

I bought this phone back in summer 2010. Given the long list of functions this phone has I think the price is reasonable. Unfortunately, due to buggy software, it doesn't work as reliably as other Nokia phones I have had before. When I went on a business trip, it just froze and I couldn't use it for two days: emberassing. After that, it would work again but occasionally, but at random times crashed and I needed to switch on and off again. I tried to update the OS myself but had to use my warranty. That took 10 days, to have it sent to Texas, have the updates done and get it back to California. I have the OS version 51.2.007 now and since there are lots of improvements with respect to the former release, I decided not to sell the phone, but certainly wouldn't buy it again. It is a phone with some multimedia features and nice screen that is useful for emails and messages, but it is not smart since the software is neither reliable nor easy to use.Things that work well:BUILD QUALITY. You may like the design or not, but this phone is pretty well built. It is somewhat bulky but light and sturdy, given the size of the screen. I don't use a case even though I have one. It is not necessary and nothing breaks if you drop it. I like that.MESSAGING. I have a T-Mobile prepaid contract for $30 a month, which is the cheapest monthly phone contract I could find. This includes messaging and 30MB of data, and receiving/writing emails is a nice feature to have. For writing I use the full size keyboard in landscape mode.Things that are okay:MUSIC. The music player works fine for me. The phone comes with a usb cable and I can copy files to the data chip. The 5800 then finds the mp3 files and adds them to the internal library. It does, however, not integrate with my amarok media player, whereas other players, including Android phones are supported. It is not Nokia's fault but typical that people don't bother to write an interface for a device that is less popular.CALL QUALITY. I have read that the call quality is good, but my impression is that is inferior to my 5 year old Nokia 6610i. I wonder why. I have dropped calls, too, depending on how I hold the phone. It doesn't happen too often but still.CAMERA. I rarely make pictures, as the quality is not too great. But for some snapshots it works. Download to a pc is easy.TOUCH SCREEN. Works for me, but sometimes the menu buttons don't react when you press them and you need to press again, but usually the response is good. Scrolling is okay and the phone can be used with one hand only. You get used to using a fingernail instead of a fingertip.Things that don't work:WEB BROWSING / MOBILE INTERNET. The screen is sufficiently large to show websites and I have tried it via wireless. But I saw only one German website [...] that is fun to read on this phone. Most other websites have too small fonts and there is no multitouch. Zooming with the + and - buttons is okay, but if you follow one link, the font is small again. The browser navigation is not easy to use either and so surfing the web is no fun. I tried to find ovi apps for yelp, zipcar and public transportation in the Bay area, but found nothing. Buying a data plan for this phone would be a waste of money I think.SKYPE CALLS. This was a primary reason why I bot this phone. I had the idea to use skype via wireless and make international calls from home for free. I installed skype, see when people are online and I can call them, but since the wireless signal drops quite often, it is practically unusable for me. I have an international calling card and rather pay 2 cents per minute than putting up with dropped calls. Video would be a nice feature, but that is not supported by the skype app. I never used the front facing camera.Things I haven't tried:MAPS AND NAVIGATION. I usually know my ways so haven't needed that. Tried it once in the Golden Gate Park, but couldn't get GPS signal. But that was before my software update and this seems to have improved significantly. I will give it a try, once there is an occasion.

Product is good value for money. only problem is it does not play online streaming links for music like WMP. But it dies steam online videos and real player music.

the screen and phone looks a lot larger in pictures than in person, thus making it difficult to use if you are using your fingers instead of a stylus. there's just a lot of little kinks that should have been worked out. one example is the dial pad, there's only number and no letters to go with the it, forcing me to look at the pad for another phone when making calls to numbers that use words instead of letters.i did like the head set that came with the phone which allows for volume control/music play/skip/phone.i returned it within a week and bough the nexus one which is superior to the 5800 in most ways.

just one black point: ovi maps for Costa Rica are very very bad... ... seriously... are badthe cellphone is really awesome... I love itCompr&eacute; el celular para ser utilizado en Costa Rica... la se&ntilde;al con el ICE est&aacute; muy bien (mejor&oacute; con 3g) capta bien los satelites.en verdad un muy buen celular... no me gustan los mapas de ovi... pero se le puede instalar garmin tx mobile... perfecto

I've been using this phone for four days and those four days have been very blissful for me.I came from a Samsung Star touch screen phone and this Nokia 5800 Nav. edition blew it away. The Samsung star was good but it lacks wifi and GPS.With this phone you can pretty much do anything on the go. Wifi internet? let's go. Youtube viewing? No problem. Got lost while driving/walking? It will be your savior.PROS:Battery life is decent if you do heavy websurfing and GPS navigating.Battery life is super if you don't do the above too much.Build quality is good: it has a silver metal lining around the phone and it is pretty heavy compared to my Samsung Star.Free lifetime GPS: You get free map updates forever.Integrated GPS, not A(Assisted)-GPS like the original 5800 xpressMusic.I have a Garmin 255w GPS and the GPS on this phone almost keeps up with it in accuracy. The voice on this GPS sounds more human than the robotic voice on my Garmin. Hey, this is a phone, don't get your GPS expectation up too high.Quad band unlocked: take the phone anywhere, put in any simcard and you're good to go. Yes I am talking about AT&T; and T-mobile, too.Simcard and microSD card slots are on the side of the phone - unlike many other phones where you have to open the battery to put them in(though you have to open the battery to get the simcard out).Phone has two cameras: The main one in the back and a self portrait camera in the front for all you narcissists. =)Comes with a lot of accessories and cables.(Car mount for Navigation is very durable)The stylus comes in handy for handwriting on the phone.Speaker is typical for a Nokia: good. Music plays loud and clear, even got some bass.Charging time is quick for a high capacity battery.Good screen resolution (I think iPhone is lower at 480x320)Convenient phone lock/unlock button on the side for your thumbRadioCONS:The Main camera picture quality is average and doesn't look like it is 3.2MPDoesn't come with a screen protector (I had to buy one)Dialer keypad doesn't have letters when you dial numbers. Might be a problem if you want to dial in a number disguised in letters. Hopefully they will fix this.GPS on this phone takes a minute or two to lock in signal. Sometimes a few minutes if you're not in an opened place.Why can't I think of anything else?SYMBIAN OS VERSION 5:This is my first time using this OS and it has been good to me.Everything is very responsive and installing apps is a breeze.You can open a free OVI store account on your phone to download free apps, games and other stuff.If you want to use an all in one instant messenger to compliment your WiFi, I suggest downloading an app called Nimbuzz in the Ovi store and ditch the default IM app on your phone.Surfing the web is decent, but the screen may be a bit small for prolonged surfing.OVI store has lots of free apps(some you have to pay)Youtube videos play well, but don't expect to watch them in HD like you would on your PC.[...]All in all, this phone is worth every penny and if you wanna be different and not have an iPhone, this is the one to get.UPDATE: This phone version has the updated firmware of V30 with increased CPU power. (Open your dialer and Press in *#0000# to see your firmware version)UPDATE #2: I have been playing around more with the GPS and came to a conclusion that the text to speech on this phone gives me more instructions than my Garmin 255w. Though it doesn't speak street names(just "turn right" "turn left", "stay right" "stay left"...etc), it gives more instructions than the Garmin. For example, when I enter a freeway, it tells me to follow the freeway, and when I go over the speed limit, it tells me to watch my speed.LATEST UPDATE: It has been roughly five months of owning this baby and I can't live without it now. There is a new firmware update that added the support of kinetic scrolling and many other additions. Please update to firmware v40 if you have not yet done so. It is much more stable. You can update from your phone. (Open your dialer and Press in *#0000# - then go to options and check for updates.)

First of all, the phone itself, weight, form factor, buttons feels very solid and comfortable.The feature set is also solid - free maps and gps navigation without a data plan, free music (unless in the USA), wifi and half the price of similarly equipped phones is a great deal.Having said that, the user experience is lacking. I feel that Nokia hardware made a bunch of bad decisions on this phone.1. In a phone of this caliber, it is important to be able to dock the phone.o With its music capability, use it with your HT systemo with a touch screen, easy to get scratches just lying around.o Docking for charging becomes a habit.o A dock on the car cradle would be also nice featureSo, putting the ports on top, and requiring manual plugging, means dock is impossible.On the software side, the interface is not as fluid as an iphone. Multitouch is not there.overall, its a nice phone, specially for feature/cost. But it wpont be the last phone I buy.However, the camera has flash and there are 2 cameras - so videoconferencing is a possibility.I used Fring with skype and it works quite well.Wireless LAN - Getting on the LAN was effortless . The software figured out what kind of secutiry (WEP, WPA) and prompts for password. one irritation is that even though one app has connection to the WLAN, every other app prompts to connect to the LAN.Software. This is the biggest weakness compared to the iphone, and even the android. It looks like Symbian wont survive too long and not many developers are interested in developing for this OS. Pandora is available for Palm, droid and iphone but they are not supporing Symbian.  The amount of software available on Ovi, seems meager compared to itunes and possibly the android marketplace.

De verdad no puedo quejarme del equipo, como una buena marca como nokia no hay en cuanto a la rapides en que recibido mi equipo fue rapido y excelente

I use it as:- a FM radio- a MP3 player- GPS (in multiple languages)- USB driveand also a phone !!

Five stars for the phone, i like it...One star for amazon, because they publish the specification as a 3G WCDMA 900/1900 phone and it is wrong. The phone is WCDMA 850/1900NO FUNCIONA PARA LA RED 3G DE DIGITEL (VENEZUELA)

Well, I have been using this phone for over a month now, and here's the result.My experience and issues are very similar with C.Derr (posted on Dec. 30 2009).First of all,Amazon is great, they shipped the phone within 2 days flat.Open the box and see all the accessories including wall charger, car charger, data cable, car/windshield mount. EXCELLENT!.- One week passed, the honeymoon is over. The first symptom, the wall charger doesn't charged fully and now not charging at all even though, the phone indicates that it is charging. (see my review about AC-8U charger). The phone now, only can be charged via car car charger. I haven't got a new wall charger yet and definitely will not be the same model.- OviMaps works o.k. It won't fine addresses like you can find in Google Map, but if you point to a known street, it will shows the address number, but it won't really take you exactly there, just only to the nearby street. I.E. I have it direct me to my home address but it will stop at the street in front of my neighborhood. I gave it a credit though that it can speaks multi-language. Another annoyance is that, every time you are passing an exit on a highway, it keeps telling you to stay on left lane. No wonder why we keep having slow drivers on left lane these days.- Yes the phone hangs on apps every now and then, not sure why. I have plenty of memory left. I even get a larger capacity Micro SDHC, but the issue still persisted.- Yes the phone hangs during boot up as C.Derr commented, you have to remove the batter and Micro SDHC card out, put the battery back and power it back on. This is seems to be an IOS issue and need a firmware fix. I questioned this with Nokia support and asked if they have firmware patch for this issue. I ended up getting a generic answer which is not very helpful. This is very unacceptable.- OviStore is a joke of business world. Mostly useless apps and games. I purchased a game which has to be downloaded to my phone. The game never worked, the support staff has no clue and keeps telling the to re-download  and reinstall.I requested a refund and being told that they couldn't refund me because I purchased via cellphone provider instead of via credit card at their site. I keep telling them that there's no other way to purchased the game other than download directly to the phone via provider network. There's no credit card purchase options. The support team told me that someone for different team will call me, that's didn't happened. Until now I still didn't get the refund.This my fourth cell phone and the only one that I ever have so much problem with.My first two was Nokia and I was very happy with it. I am very disappointed with this phone and Nokia services; so, this will be my last Nokia product.

This review is mainly about the GPS feature on this phone.For those who are wondering whether it will work with T-Mobile prepaid, the answer is yes, and I hope it continues to be yes for the next couple of years.I was able to get it to work, but had to jump through some hoops.1. I must register with Nokia and OVI by Nokia, because I have to download the following Nokia software.Download and install Nokia Software UpdaterDownload and install Nokia Ovi Suite 2.0Download and install Nokia PC SuiteDownload and install Map Loader (requires OVI Suite, PC Suite, and the cell phone to work)2. I must make sure my connections are set up right.3. I must be outdoors, with a clear view of the sky.Note: Using GPS and A-GPS, I am not sure I can always get a GPS fix (sometimes I don't wait more than a few minutes to find out.)[...]

I switched to android and i'll never go back to symbian (s60). I do like the ease of multitasking/switching between running apps and being able to close apps. The phone is too thick and screen is too small. I like dual speakers, loud ringtone, app management, high rest 16 mil colors lcd, but touch sensitivity is crap compared to capacitive. For the price nokia could use resistive screen. Web browsing is doable but not great. My mostly used apps were gps/satnav garmin xt and nokia. Garmin was my mostly used app and nokia maps was for backup. Phone froze and had to be restarted often when gps was active. Driving sometimes was a nightmare. I now have a low end slightly larger lcd android phone and run five gps apps flawlessly. LCD is useless out in sunlight or mounted inside my car. I had to remove battery several times a day because phone froze often. Replacing original slow 8gb sd card with class 6 seemed to slightly improve gps but phone still froze occasionally. I switched to android and couldn't be happier.

I bought this phone a month back and yes the phone has exceeded my expectations. It has a good GPS although it takes 3 mins or more to lock to GPS signal that shouldnt matter since it is FREE with basic voice guided navigation and no more data connection. And express music has always been excellent with audio. The picture quality & video quality from the camera is decent. All i can say is a phone with Excellent Music,Excellent Camera,Very Good GPS .. bottom line all in one phone

This is my first week with the Nokia 5800 Xpressmusic Nav Ed. The most impressive aspect of the phone is that it is a very good phone and then a lot more. The sound quality on the phone, the speakerphone as well as a bluetooth headset is excellent. The display is responsive, but do not expect Iphone type performance. For a resistive display it is pretty darn good.Started to evaluate the phone against the specifications on the [...] website [...]# Talk time (maximum):- GSM 8.8 h- WCDMA 5 hThe phone with GSM on ATT network and bluetooth ON the phone ran for 3 hours and 45 minutes from full battery to zero. The GSM display read GSM 3.5 instead of GSM 3. This was with the network set to Dual mode and NOT GSM only. Thus without the bluetooth the life would have been about 4 hours and 15min or so. Which is really good considering the rated life is 5hours. The information on forums suggests that with GSM only operation one should be able to get twice as much life out of the phone battery.Used the GPS on the phone, even the first lock with the phone was relatively fast &lt;30seconds or so. While driving the directions were appropriate as well as on time. The beta version of Ovi maps is more useful than the one preloaded on the phone. So feel free to explore. Used the GPS continuously for about an hour or so without the battery losing a single bar. Thus the GPS should be able to give about 4 hours or so of operation solely on the battery. Have not put this specification to full test. Will update when I have more information.I will keep adding to the review as I explore each feature of the phone in its entirety.

If you are a practical consumer but won't accept anything other than stylish, functional, lots of free apps then this smartphone is for you. It is express music and indeed this little gadget sounds big! The video is so great too, picture is vivid and sound has superior quality, you can even zoom in and out. The camera because of the carl weiss lens takes beautiful, sharp pictures. What I love about this smartphone is that you can customize your ringtone without paying a fee, you can even use a video as a ringtone. The navigation takes a little while to work but hey it gets you where you want and need to be for free. The built of this smartphone is solid and it has a nice feel in your hands. The wifi connection is so fast and you will be browsing your favorite websites in no time. This smartphone is touch sensitive so you are not far behind with the current trend. I won't trade this phone for any iphones because when it comes to paying fees for little things like camera zoom, camera flash, ringtone that should come free with any smartphones...isn't a good thing especially in this tough economy. Nokia made a great smartphone in Nokia Express Music/Navigation!!!

Very satisfied with the 5800 navi ed. It is super sleek. Great as a phone - speakerphone is good. I now have to carry only this phone - instead of my phone, camera, video camera, gps, mp3 player, netbook.I have had it for two weeks, trying out its different features. I have not found any flaws yet. It has replaced my netbook as the browsing machine at home. Opera Mobile is great for it  - nokia's own browser is good also. It's amazing how such a small device (compared to it the iphone and other smartphones are BULKY) is good for browsing. Nimbuzz works great on it for IM's.  Camera is ok for me. Gps is excellent.. takes a couple of minutes to get a fix first time, but after that its as good as my Garmin. Touchscreen is very receptive.The form factor of the phone gets me every time.. it's barely bigger than my Nokia classic - which means I don't need a carrycase for it..can slip it into my shirt or pant pockets and not even feel it.. a couple of times, I even thought I had lost it because I couldn't feel it ..I bought it so I don't have to be tied to my carrier. I'm using it with T-mobile, so not using the 3G on the phone (t-mo has its own  weird frequency for 3G which this phone does not support), but since I don't plan on using the phone with a data plan, its fine. I'm around wifi all the time, so this does not limit me.Get it and you will be pleasantly surprised - VERY.Update after 6 months use: Best voice quality on any cell phone I've had.. Amazing.

lAl in all I like the phone but the software need polishing. There are way to many unnecessary button clicks to get stuff done.The sw feels like it was not made for touch navigation. The screen size is not used when you have to touch a buttoneven if there are a yes/no decision the button are small and hard to target. Please hire some usability engineers.Important options are in sub menu's which make me wonder if they have any usability engineers at nokia.Nokia please listen to your user and polish the user interface and this would be a killer phone.Update also the touchscreen to make it better responsive and easier to navigate.The navigation sw is very good besides that that if you have to type an address there is no screen maskthat would help you to type the street/town etc. instead you have to type the hole addressin one line comma separated. What moron came up with that idea nokia. That would be another engineer which Iwould shoot. It took me a while to find that out and of course no word in the useless manual.Otherwise you get pretty much everything you get with other standalone navigation devices.The sw for the desktop needs also still work and could be better.Ok thats it - that was pretty negative but it is a very good phone with some flaws which should be easy to fix.Sooo - Nokia get to work and make it a IPhone killer. You are the leader. Sooo lead and don't follow.Get to work and fix what I listed ...

What more do you need? Free GPS, wifi, and accesories included!!! Great for using for prepaid. Very useful phone. The GPS has many features like having many languages and custom voices. I recommend!!!

I am still working on understanding all the features of this phone. It is so cool.

Yes, this phone has all the bells and whistles that people are talking about.However, as an average new user, I found several inconveniences:1. First of all, there are two model numbers depending on the store (002N6Q3 and 002P0F4). What's the difference between the two?2. The phone comes with three layers of protective screens, none of which can be used.3. There's no instruction on how to mount or use the suction holder. I almost damaged the phone not knowing first that it's supposed to slide in and out. Also, the wrist strap gets in the way so you probably can't use it if you use the phone as GPS a lot.4. I couldn't find many (good) software for it. E.g. How do I import all my contacts from Palm? (.CSV, etc...). The Ovi suite doesn't show any import option.5. I couldn't find a DivX player like I had on my Palm. I think there are for S60v3 but not for S60v5 which is this phone.6. After you update the GPS software from Ovi, you get a beautiful screen, but you will spend a lot of time figuring out how to use it. E.g. How do you set your own home address? How do you type an address and hope that while you're typing the street names start appearing on the screen for you to pick?7. The wi-fi always picks up my neighbors signal first (which are weaker), and after a long while finds mine. Why is that? It doesn't happen on my laptop.8. I transferred a number of pictures from my old phone to this one via Bluetooth. Each image became an Email. When I sync with Ovi suite, they don't get transferred to the computer. Why is that? How do I get the pictures out?I've used this phone for just a couple of days. I'm sure the list will grow. Nonetheless, I gave fours stars (more like 3.5) because of its appearance, form factor, and impressive features. I'm hoping that's just me not being knowledgeable enough to find out about these things quickly. If anyone can ease my pain, please let me know.

I have been using this device for about a month and so far it's proven to be reliable on T-Mobile. No dropped calls and also one gets free-lifetime nagivation maps with voice overs so it's pretty cool. The music quality is also pretty good. Overall an excellent buy. You can download a number of free games. It comes with an in-car phone holder and charger. Not bad at all and also easy to connect to a PC to upload pictures. The phone is basically a drive on your PC or laptop once you connect the USB cable from the phone to the PC/Laptop. Camera takes good quality pictures.

I really like the phone, its cute and the touch screen works ok for me. The Navigator is the best feature. It's as good as a GPS and you can download other languages. You have pretty much apps, at least the useful ones. The camera is also good enough. I like it a lot!

As my subject indicates, this phone was my very first touchscreen/smartphone--I have no regrets with this purchase.  See below details for my pros and cons.Cons:resason i'm writing cons first is b/c for most of us, all the wrongs come flowing first!*It's definitely a resistive touch.  Called such b/c there is a small vibration effect/feel after each touch.  Personally, I was annoyed at this feature first, but soon grew to love it b/c it's like feedback from your phone to your fingers (^_^) I consider this a con b/c many people may get annoyed initially like myself and not like it.*Slight lag when accessing home page and main menu.  When restarting phone, the homescreen contacts visibly load, meaning you can see them load one by one (up to four homescreen contacts)this is annoying.*although geared towards younger generation, the text feature does not include emoticons.  After brief research, I found there is no turn around for this.  I downloaded and installed "avatar sms," a chinese third party software which really worked well, but kept getting an annoying message "this application only works for phones puchased in CHina, Taiwan, Hong Kong..etc" after seeing that message pop-up constantly, i uninstalled it and use faces like :) :D ;-P etc*This phone is not an iphone.  For those of you apple/iphone haters (such as myself) please do not make the mistake of assuming this is an iphone killer, it's not.  However, it has amazing features and hardware that trump the iphone.  reason it's not an iphone killer is very simple, the Symbian OS is garbage--terribly lag, no emoticons, lack of support, etc*many things are double touch, where some things are simple touch.  This is a smally annoyance b/c you get used to it fast and learn quickly.*GPS for me has not worked it.  I am very frustrated at this since it's called the "navigation edition" I emailed nokia support and am awaiting assitance, I really want it to work (^_^)Now for the Pros:*Very beautiful looking phone, great aesthetics.  There is a silver metal band around the phone, looks very elegant in my opinion.  Your friends will def want to see it!*despite the lag, the phone is a joy to use and learn it's ample features.*Call/sound quality are superb.  Music sounds fantastic on the phone, ring tones are super loud and fully customizable; you can set ringtone for specific contacts.*GPS would be a good feature if it really worked...it's good having it there just to see the map of your location; comes in handy.I've been using the phone for little more than a week now, and overall I say it's def well priced at amazon and worth buying! Goodluck to all the potential consumers.

This review is based only on a quick once-over of the device, between getting it from the mail guy and putting it under the Christmas tree :)- Form factor is acceptable for a jeans pocket, though a tad too thick.- Looks and feels cheap. First smartphone I ever saw that didn't have a latch on the battery compartment -- you just force the lid off.- Screen is bright and clear, lots of pixels, just as advertised.- The touch sensor works very well with stylus, not so with bare finger. In fact, stylus is definitely required.- Surprisingly, the UI controls are mostly finger-sized. Even the smallish QWERTY pad is not much harder to use than iPhone's (isn't that damning with faint praise though? :-) )- The whole new Symbian UI is confused -- feels like nobody actually thought it through. iPhone it ain't :( Many selections require double-tap for no particular reason, the logic of scrolling is incomprehensible. Some text boxes do not bring up the keyboard automatically -- need to double-tap them. And why is the wretched 12-key pad the default keyboard layout in most places?- Web browser feels more responsive than in my E71 (faster CPU?) but still not responsive enough. iPhone-ish weirdness with variable page scale without iPhone's pinch gesture is positively irritating. I would much prefer to have pages laid out to screen width by default, the way they are on E71.- Ovi maps look nice on big screen, but the performance of built-in GPS is weak: slow to get a fix, often loses signal. Can't really use this as a driving aid, windshield mount notwithstanding. Assisted positioning works well but is, of course, imprecise.Overall: it is well worth $200 (AR) I paid for it. It is not, and never will be, an iPhone. Other vendors have touchscreen phones with better look and feel too but not for $200 unlocked w/o a service plan :) What I've seen of recent Palm devices did not impress me, but some of them do sell for less.PS. Nokia, your N900 better be heads and shoulders above this level!

I have been using N95 8GB for a while, it doesn't have qwerty keyboard, only T9(so to press letter 'L', I need to press number '5' three times). That is why I upgraded to this one. 5800 is great, its touch screen is a great improvement over N95. GPS is very good too, although not tested enough yet. The GPS on N95 will cost about $10 a month, if I remember correctly, so this 5800 is a great free GPS.I noticed the phone has word 'Express Music' on it, so I believe the hardware is the same as the 5800 Express Music plus the life time GPS. That's why it is called 'Navigation Edition'. I am not sure if other software is different or not since I never used the Express Music. So I guess you can look at the reviews for Express Music, they may also apply.In my N95, I used the Nokia Internet Radio(not FM radio) quite a lot(with AT&T;'s 3G, I can listen to internet radios on the road), but somehow it can not be installed on the 5800, so I think the OS version is maybe somehow different(newer?), but applications like Internet Radio will catch up in the future. So I am not too worried. I know 5800 Express Music has been on the market for half a year in the US(not official count).The hardware on 5800 feels cheaper than N95, its camera is 3MP compared to N95's 5MP.But I will keep my 5800 for sure, it is way better just for the qwerty and GPS.Good luck finding your best phone!

I just bought a new Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition.I lost my simple Motorola Razer, and needed a new mobile phone. Based upon my needs, I wanted the following:1. Mobile telephone2. Unlocked3. Four Band International Use4. Email5. MP3 Player6. GPSThe 5800 includes all of these features, but I had no idea what I got myself into, buying this model. I used to equate Nokia with quality and simplicity. Made in China, this has got to be the most clumsy cell phone made. The limited users guide reads like it was translated from a different language, and only provides minimal help. Registering as a Nokia user allowed me to search their website. I was able to download a more extensive manual. Both manuals refer to some selections in "options" that are not present on the 5800.The navigation edition comes with a CR-103 telephone cradle, in four parts, with two screws, and no instructions on how to put the pieces together. An hour on the Nokia website and only mention of the CR-103. I sent an email asking for instructions, more wait time.With the lack of a decent users manual the owner is left to intuition. That won't help much here either. The telephone desktop is extremely misleading. Clicking on a compass icon should allow me to access the GPS features right? From there I should be able to find my location on a map, enter an address to navigate to? Wrong. After a couple of hours of working with it, and reading the extended users guide, I find you have to click on "Accessories" icon, followed by a click on the "Location" icon, followed by a click in the upper right hand corner of the screen to display the choices.No intuition to help you in making the first telephone call. A quick read in the users guide shows you what icon to select, it brings up a screen that looks like a telephone pad, and from there you can make a simple telephone call.There is an email wizard to help you set up email. Following the wizard I was able to enter all relevant data. The first test email came back with a non-specific message that indicated my setup didn't work, but no additional information as to why. Nothing in the users guide to help either. This one requires an hour long trip to my service providers office, wait in line, and get some teckie there to help figure it out. He had to delete the email settings and start over.There hasn't been enough time in the three days I've had it to try to load MP3 music or photographs.On the good side there is a website for Nokia users to join. Once your 5800 is working you can register it on the website [...] and use features there to set up contacts and schedules, load mp3 and photos, and so on.In summary, my need for mobile telephone got in the way of doing the research I should have done. I should have gone to the service providers office and actually tried to use one of these, and then bought the unlocked model on Amazon.com.

I like the feature set that the phone has to offer for the price. Really good for music. GPS works well. Camera is poor. All said in other reviews.I got the $25 Tmobile data plan and have had it for a month now. After a week I noticed that the phone hadn't picked up 3g signal even once - had been browsing on EDGE. So I called Tmobile tech support (very good tech support). The bottom line is that you won't pick up 3g on this phone with Tmobile in the US. Tmobile 3g is on 1700/2100 band in US and this phone doesn't have this band on its chip. So it is a hardware constraint on this phone that can't be changed. The Nokia N900 is probably the only unlocked phone with this AWS band. You will get 3g with AT&T; in US and 3g everywhere else in the world.Having said that EDGE has been fairly fast and good. Youtube works well with no buffering stops. App downloads has been fast. Web pages load well with Opera mini.

As a person living abroad in Switzerland, I was skeptical about buying this phone because I believed that I would not get the turn by turn directions or walk navigation that the phone provided in the US. I bought the phone in the US just to be a phone and maybe to tell me my position in case I get lost while traveling in Europe. I had no expectation that it would be useful as a GPS device and I was fully prepared to shell out $300 to buy a dedicated GPS for the car I had recently purchased in Switzerland. When I came back to Switzerland and installed some European maps and updated the software which came with the phone (all free btw) I was stunned to see how good the GPS functionality of the phone was. Without a data plan it takes about 2-5 minutes to acquire a signal which for me is acceptable. Since then I added a cheap data plan ($7 for 250mb) and the signal lock is within 15 seconds. Anyways, the phone has all the functionality as in the US with turn by turn driving instructions, walking instructions, lane assistance, as well a a great list of hotels, restaurant, parks, cinemas nearby. I was so happy to see all of this. The only difference I noticed was that the navigator could not pronounce the street or city names well. No biggie, dont need that. If I did I will download the German language guide who can.As for the phone, its of great quality. Typing messages is a snap with the on screen keyboard Calls are super, battery life long. The camera is so so but I dont really need one.All in all an amazing phone and one that I could recommend using as a dedicated GPS unit in the car as well. It will save you money like it did for me.

I had my previous slider phone for over 5 years.  It was quite acceptable for my needs and it still functional.  I decided to upgrade to this phone because of the additional features.  To aid my decision, I also had a gift card for Amazon.The touchscreen is nice but takes getting used to.  The screen needs a more precise touch than an iPhone.  Most times a finger tip is all you need.  Sometimes the stylus comes in handy.Data plans are way to expensive for my limited use.  Getting the unlocked version allowed me to use this phone without changing my monthly bill.  I get all my updates via wifi.  My phone company also did not offer this model as an option so I didn't mind going outside their system.The built-in camera saved the day on a recent trip when our regular camera died.  I was able to take pictures even if they were a lower quality.  They still came out pretty good.  Using the picasa add-in, I was able to post and share the pics from my phone.  Not bad for a small amount of pics but probably too much work if you take many.Syncing is great.  I was able to use the Nokia software to backup my contacts to my computer and pull down my calendar from Outlook.  Stay away from the Ovi software for now.  It was slow and caused some driver conflicts on my laptop.I love that my background picture can be set as a slideshow.  I don't have to settle on a single background but can enjoy many everytime I look at the phone.Great phone, great features, and easy to use.

I was a little bit unsure at the moment i placed my order for this, but ever since i got it i havent had any regrets, this things comes in a great packaging, with all of the accesories you need, car mount, car charger, headphones, little thingy to control music on the phone, and i love the stylus look, i've been using it for a little under 2 weeks and already installed like 20 apps, although having an ipod touch i must say Ovi story is in deed limited to very few apps hopefully that will change soon, i've notice the phones does seems to be a little bit slow specially when it comes back from a mass storage mode on the computer, my theme will reset for as long as it is connected to my pc, and even a little bit after i unplug it, the theme will take few seconds (like 30) to set to the correct one, and the phone does seem a little bit unresponsive during that. Aside from that, great signal, great design, great phone overall.One thing i wish it had, SILENT CAMERA!

Hi,Can anybody tell me if this cell phone - Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition Unlocked Phone works with VARIZON????I like this phone a lot but I'm not sure if this phone can work with VARIZON. Your advise is highly appreciated.ThanksKind regardsMariana-Aspen, Colorado

I purchased for use of the GPS without a network (WIFI or Phone system) as my understanding and research prior to purchase said it would do.  GPW will not work without registering on a network and an available network (WIFI or Phone) must be available.Support could not get it to work for me.

Ok, all I can say it's that Nokia did it again! This phone it's the best of the touch screen kind! I had presonally tried with some models and this one it's the best, first the touch screen it's delicate, you don't have to press hard to use it, the xpress music aplication rocks! just with one touch the mp3 and mp4 aplication will open, the 3.2 camera it's really good, you can even take black and white pics!oh the box brings all the accessories for the GPS aplication to put it in A CAR and stuff, I can go on and on but it has to many aplications and things that makes it the best touch phone ever!!! oh by the way the O.S Symbian it's too easy to use so, don't think about it and just buy it!

Got this GSM smartphone for my son and after a system upgrade to make sure the phone has the latest firmware, and added the otterbox skin, he now uses it for texting, added ringtones easily, checks his facebook and emails and best of all, use it as a navigation GPS tool.  Download free maps on the Nokia website for practically any country in the world and it is on your phone permanently until you download a newer version. Used it during our Europe vacation.

Pros:- Free maps and navigation.- Free email client.- Battery lasts up to 2 days.- Fast internet browser.- Good call quality.- Secondary camera.- Nokia's Ovi Store constantly updated.Cons:- No music equalizer, just presets, and poor playlist manager.- No FM transmitter (Amazon, fix that description).- Cannot be charged through the USB port.

I have used this phone for a week and so far love it.  It's a great GPS with street name (only available in UK and US female voices).  For voice guidence in other languages you can only get "turn right, turn left..." in instructions.I wouldn't repeat other major features that people commented earlier.  One thing I love is the phone talk (connection) feature.  I happened to have a Nokia E63 before this one.  This phone is an upgrade in GPS, video caerma and screen size.  E63's map can also work with a bluetooth GPS receiver but not interactive if you do not have a data plan (with google map).  This one you do not need a data plan (though it's recommended to have one in order to get faster locking of satellite using AGPS from the cell towers).  I let my 5800 nav to talk with my E63 and back up all the contacts through bluetooth.  Hundreds of contacts got copied into the new phone in 1 minute and it's better then sync with outlook.The phone only supports 5 languages.  To browse Internet in Chinese, I downloaded Opera and it works.  But leaving Opera Mobile I will not be able to write in any Asian language.  I researched and it seemed to me that I need get professional help from Nokia to flash the phone.  I am not sure if I will risk to do that.

Phone is totally cool...really respondent with great features...the body could be a bit slimmer though
