
Easy to use. Love the slide out keyboard. Holds a charge. Pics and video good quality. Good looking little phone.

I've had a virgin mobile phone for a while and decided it was time to upgrade. I like that there's no contract and you can basically customize your plan (data, text, calling...). lovin the full keyboard and bright screen, though it's a bit small i guess, and the buttons make a lot of noise but they're nice and easy to push so you only get the one you want. The camera is great and there's lots of fun effects with it, plus it zooms when it's on medium or low quality, but not 1.3 mp. too bad no movies. I haven't tried the mp3 player yet b/c I don't have a microSD card, but I'm planning on getting one. There's a few fun apps and free game trials, though way less than bigger phone co's. The best thing is you can check your email for free (but you have to pay for a text to open one or send one unless you have a texting plan which I might try out) The phone is nicely sized and has a sleek black rounded look as you can see in the pic. The sides are shiny metal, which is pretty. The battery life is good.I actually ordered the phone off of the virgin mobile website and when I got it everything seemed fine except there was a problem with the start-up sound turning off. It's a very annoying sound. No one else on any review board seemed to have the problem, so I emailed the vm customer service and after a bit of arguing they sent a new one right on my way. I didn't even have to call them, but just sent the old one back in the pre-paid envelope they sent me. The next one I got doesn't have the problem and has been working great. So, just in case yours does have a problem, you have the 1 year warranty to fall back on, and the customer service is good.I've never had a problem activating a phone online with them, though some people say they have.If you like VM, or just want to try out their cheap plans, buy this phone. The other one they have with a full keyboard got bad reviews on some sites so this one is the obvious choice.P.S. ENTER THIS CODE AT ACTIVATION AND YOU AND I WILL BOTH GET 60 FREE MINUTES!: Ts7VsTLMTHANKS!

I made the mistake of buying this phone twice. I really liked the phone. The keyboard is great, easy to use and not too tiny. The screen good too but i had two major problems with this phone:1) you cannot send picture messages from this phone. it will act like it is sending and then after a while it will give you a fail to send error message.2) Using the notepad causes this phone to slow down drastically and eventually brick . it will freeze up and you will have to reboot it manually by taking out the battery. after a time or two of that it wont go past the hello screen.over all this phone while generally a good phone the fact is that i have had 3 phones total this year two of which were this model, so it is not a good buy.

This phone is not what it's cracked up to be.  Will not do video.  period.  If you like to use sounds for ringtones, don't bother.  VM will not allow it.  This phone is good for texting, has a decent mp3 player, but for anything else, not worth the money.

I got his phone for my mom and she loves it. She loves Virgin Moble. And on her other phone it would not work at all. She said this phone actually works.

I brought this phone for my 12-years-old daughter, and she likes it a lot. Since this is a prepaid phone and she is responsible for the phone bill, she didn't use it all the time. Actually, she only spent only 15 dollars for last three months, and I am very happy about it.The camera of the phone is pretty good. She took a lot of photos during her school field trips. Actually, one of her picture got the first place prize for a digital photography contest.BTW, don't forget to enter a bonus Kickbacks code sJWUeuP0 when you activate this phone and you'll get 60 minutes of FREE airtime.

I was looking into purchasing a LGRumor phone from Virgin Mobile for their $25 plan for my 15 yr. old son.  A friend had just purchased this model and in looking at the "surf the web" area -- it appears that VM preloads pornographic and gambling websites (they appear under the banner "For Him" and "BET".  Needless to say, I will not be switching our service to Virgin Mobile.

Just got this phone a short while ago, and already love it.  It's easy to set up and use.  I used the Internet to register it and set it up.  Makes it very easy.  Like the keyboard which makes texting much easier than the old fashioned method.  By the way please use kickback code UJdcUcXU

I was in need of a new phone and carrier since T-Mobile doesn't have the best coverage in those areas I commute on a daily basis. Instead of renewing the contract, I started looking for alternatives.This is when Virgin Mobile caught my interest. With their choice of plans and phones, it was easy to decide to go with a prepaid plan instead of a contract. $40 give me 1200 minutes plus unlimited data and unlimited messages. There is a plan for $60 that includes unlimited talking as well.Set up of the plan including the activation of the phone over the internet was easy enough.I chose the LG Rumor 2 for its functions and its price. $89 get you a decent enough phone for texting, talking, and the occasional web surfing with Opera Mini (all websites just function as expected).Unfortunately, this phone doesn't do youtube video streaming or any other kind of internet video or audio streaming. If you need this functionality, look elsewhere.Also, Google Maps doesn't enable the phone's GPS. You need to download and subscribe to VM's navigator service (which after all is not too expensive; $5 a month for unlimited usage; otherwise $1 for 24h).Since my needs are more email centered anyways, I have to say this phone gets the job done of checking (and even pushing forward) email quickly anywhere. The push forward function is not that reliable or quick as on a Blackberry, but it's there and checking the email manually is not a science either.The keyboard is a bit stiff and I found I can type quicker on an iphone with its virtual keyboard but nevertheless, one can type quickly and accurately.The screen is bright and crisp, the resolution high enough to view webpages very well. Since this is a compact design, the screen is small.After all, this is not a smartphone and it shows with the lack of some media functionality (no video/audio streaming from the internet). The camera doesn't record videos either.If you text a lot, want to connect to facebook, myspace, your typical choice of messengers, and email quickly, this phone gets the job done.It fills a void for everyone waiting for the new generation of smartphones, especially Windows phone 7 devices, to hit Virgin Mobile next year or so.

I constantly pocket-dialed with this phone, or somehow got to settings way back in the phone. It's a decent feature phone, but not flashy. For the same amount of money you can get the upgrade, the LG Rumor Touch, for the same price on Amazon, so absolutely upgrade to that. But,the Samsung Intercept is better than both of these, and it costs less than these. For $15 more you can get a smartphone, the LG Optimus it's $95 right now, which is so worth it, it's an amazing phone. And Virgin Mobile has the best prepaid plans available in America, and service is pretty good. To conclude, Don't get this phone. It's so very worth it to upgrade to a better Beyond Talk phone. Any phone is better than this. Here is a list of the Beyond Talk phones in order of best to worst.1. Motorola Triumph - $2402. LG Optimus Slider - $1603. LG Optimus V - $954. HTC Wildfire S - $2205. Samsung Intercept - $706. LG Rumor Touch - $807. Samsung Restore - $608. LG Rumor 2 - $80(As of January 2012)ITS WORTH UPGRADING :)

My Daughter started 7th grade.  Middle school, Jr. High School...whatever you want to call it nowadays.  We ecided that she needed a cell phone , and was ready. My niece has texted so much, that she used up all of teh minutes in her family plan.  So I knew we didn't want that to happen.  SO we went prepay.  Prepay is awesome.  No contract, so if you need to take away the phone as punishment for something, it is not a money loss.  There is a nice plan for VIrgin Mobile for 30 bucks, she will be really hard pressed to use up all of her minutes.The phone is really nice.  It is just the right size for her smallish hands, and she loved carrying it.  The slide out keypad is nice, and she is much faster at texting than her friends are already.  She loves the emoticon button that puts the faces on her texts.  All in all, I like the phone, it has no frills beyond what is needed, and just the right ammount of wow factor for the kid.

The phone by virgin mobile seem to work fine by themselves, but God forbid you have any problems with your service. If you try calling customer service and you actually are able to speak with a live advisor they will hang up on you! Multiple times! Virgin Mobile is ridiculous.

For a pay-as-you-go phone, it's great.  I find the keyboard really easy to use, but I am a fast and skilled thumb typist! One thing that drives me nuts: If you start to type a text and you don't want to send it after all, you hit BACK, and then it asks you if you want to save the text as a draft.  Technically this is a GOOD thing but I just find it really annoying in a phone.  The rubberish phone protector I got is terribly beat up, but that's not relevant here.  Overall I am very happy with this phone.

I LIKE THIS CELL PHONE ITS GREAT BUT I ANT TO GET MYAS I HAVE NOT USED IT YET.

I purchased two of these phones for grandchildren's Christmas gifts and they are both very happy with them.  Good plan choices.

This was my first phone.  I did like it a lot.  It had texting, internet, a camera, great service plan, no dropped calls, and decent games.  Then one day it froze on me and that was it.  I tried taking the battery out and turning it on again.  The first screen came on (HELLO) and just started flashing.  I called VM customer service to help.  We tried EVERYTHING to revive it.  Nothing worked.  They would've sent me a new one free of charge but my warranty was up (I had it just over a year (1 year plus a few days, under a week) with a 1 year warranty).  So I decided to upgrade to the latest VM phone.  Also I never abused the Rumor 2.  Sure it dropped a few times (3 feet or less) but I never thought it would finally die on me.  I love LG products but was saddened when the Rumor 2 died suddenly.  If you are looking for an upgrade to a flip phone, this might be it.  Or you just may as well upgrade to one of the latest smart phones from VM as I did.  Either way, you might want to do a bit of research before you buy this.  My new phone (LG Optims V) has lasted 9 months so far and I've heard horror stories yet that phone seems to withstand anything and last a lot longer than the Rumor 2!  So do some research, read some reviews and decide which one is a good fit for you.

Beware of Virgin Mobile's unreliable system performance and poor customer service. I used my Rumor 2 with Virgin Mobile for about a year with the Texter's Delight plan. Two months ago I started using their unlimited data and text plan with 300 anytime airtime minutes per month. The Rumor 2 phone works passably well for web browsing and social sites (Facebook) but Virgin Mobile service is extremely disappointing.Before I began using the data plan, service was reliable and uneventful. During September, 2010, I experienced a 9-day outage of my data service, and the customer service reps were unable to provide any meaningful information regarding the problem. Apparently Virgin's system suffered a widespread problem that affected many customers. Also, after service was restored, I asked Virgin customer service to adjust my service dates to compensate for the period of lost service, and that was a complete disaster. They shifted my service period by a very stingy amount, and contrary to expectation, they simply set my service period forward by a few days. The result was that I had no service according to my subscribed plan for those several days in the interim. Calls to customer service did not bring any satisfaction, as they can only accept information and submit requests for 'investigations,' which take 24 to 72 hours to complete. If you have a problem, it may be best not to call customer service, and just to hope the issue goes away.The September disruption has been the most severe episode of service loss, but I had several other extended interruptions of approximately one day each. During these interruptions, Virgin customer service is incapable of providing information or correcting problems in a timely way.The Rumor 2 phone itself works well for voice and SMS (text) messaging. The user interface is mediocre, and housekeeping operations require more keystrokes than necessary, but once you are accustomed to it you should be happy enough with it. The keypad design is simple, comfortable and fast to use (I have fairly big fingers). The small display is a hindrance for web browsing, but because Virgin data service is so bad, that may be a moot detail.Stay away from Virgin if you want mobile web browsing!

I would NOT HAVE BOUGHT Rumor 2 if I'd known Rumor 2, has NO tunnel, no holes, in any corner to thread the string to hang it from a Lanyard, wrist-strap or anything!!!I tried to return such foolish, inferior merchandise, but Virgin Mobile would not allow me to Return or anything, so live & learn, but I want anyone like me to know in advance, CANNOT ATTACH HANGING CLIP THINGS :-(

I purchased this piece of junk the last week of July.  It performed OK for someone who's not a heavy cell phone user, no real complaints, although one feature I found annoying was there's no simple menu button to push to see a record of calls as all my other phones have had.  So, if you call say, a business you don't often deal with, and get a busy signal or have to call back for some reason, you can't just hit redial - you have to either enter the number in your contacts, or else dial it again.Well, I've now had this phone for about four months, and it suddenly stopped recharging; I've had it plugged into different outlets, tried removing the battery and replacing it...nothing, just a message that the battery is low and I need to recharge the da*n phone. I'm going back to my trusty old $15 Arc phone.Don't waste your money on this piece of crap.

Save yourself the time and money and don't enter into service with Virgin mobile. Before purchase of this phone, I called and asked about their service plans and the phone to make sure it was worth my while. All the answers I received were wrong. When I called to activate my service, customer service responded that my information was untrue about both the service options and the phone - that's it. I requested a technical service response which they said would be answered within 24-48 hours. About 2 weeks later, I got a call back and not from a technical service person but from the same customer service team.The phone is also very limited. It is big and clunky.I returned the phone back to virgin mobile within the timeframe and was told by customer service I could also get a refund for my postage paid. I just got my refund and it doesn't include postage. Lies again.I will not consider Virgin Mobile again. I have since been with AT&T; and all my customer service calls have been answered - truthfully!!!  Wow.

I had been in the market for a good prepaid phone for voice and texting that comes with a full keyboard. The prepaid choices that come with full keyboards are quite limited. Luckily I found the Rumor 2 for Virgin Mobile.This phone has a good keyboard that slides out from underneath, with well spaced keys to avoid misclicks or double clicks, which should help with people who have bigger fingers. Also it has a decent sized screen for a phone of it's type. Font sizes are adjustable for messages and the notepad if your eyesight isn't the best. The menus are easy to navigate so it is not hard to find tools, settings and such. I find making calls or sending messages to people in the contact list a breeze. Each contact can have multiple phone numbers and email addresses that are easy to cycle through. In the past I have had a phone that required a separate listing for each number which just cluttered up the list. There are buttons on the side to quickly adjust ring tone volume and earpiece volume during a call. The phone looks nice too, as in not garish colors which is important for some people. The camera works well, nothing spectacular but it does the job. The battery life has been good for me so far. The only negative I have found so far is that the phone smudges and shows fingerprints easily, which to me is not a big deal but it can bother some.The Virgin Mobile service is excellent. Signing up is very easy and only took a few minutes on their website. The account page is well organized, showing your remaining minutes and account balance right up top. I am a low usage user so I signed up for the basic rates with my initial top-up card (using it as a dollar amount for my account rather than minutes). This way calls are billed per minute or per text and it's deducted from your account balance. Virgin's rates are cheaper than Verizon and AT&T; using this method. If you prefer you can use your top-up card as a minute pack for cheaper per minute cost but they expire in 30 days. All you need to do is keep your account topped up every 90 days or 1 year to keep the account active. In my case when I signed up and used a 20 top up card I had my service extended to 1 year even though normally it's only good for 90 days. Plus I also got 20 bonus minutes and 20 bonus texts for signing up via the website. Most likely I will have to add more money to the account before the year is up though.I am quite satisfied with both the phone and Virgin Mobile. It is a nice upgrade from my TracFone since they don't seem interested and selling any full keyboard phones for their service.During the sign up process you can use Kickback Code VJUW6XDo for 60 free bonus minutes (plus 20 more for using their website for a total of 80) which are used before any other minutes or money on your account.

Bought this phone for my daughter, she loved it! Unfortunately we were not told about the defect in this particular model until it was too late! Three months after we bought the phone it decided to "freeze up on her". Went on the lg web site and found out that this was a common problem with this model for that last few years... comments from other owners that had to get replacements for the phone for the same problem shocked me. As soon as you go to use the note pad on the phone it shuts down and all you get is a slow flashing "Hello"....called the company and they said it would have to be shipped out to them and they "maybe able to fix the problem" with a cost of $25 to $100 and without being able to save any of the contents of the phone including the contacts! If I knew this ahead of time I would never had bought the phone, now I am out the cost of the phone and need to buy a new one.

Although I love the phone, I was disappointed that I did not get the blue one that was shown in the advertisement.  But, I bought the phone because it seems to be the only one I like that has everything I need.

I bought this phone brand new, and imagine my chagrin when I was trying to dial numbers or to pick up calls, and little advertisements would knock everything off the screen. I called the service provider numerous times, and they had all kinds of ways to disconnect these programs, but it took several hours of phone calls to finally get all five of the different advertisement programs turned off.I never imagined that any company would have the nerve to sell you a phone, you pay for the service, and then they are also sending you advertisements every time you touch the phone. I will never buy an LG phone again!

I got this phone because to replace the sidekick 3 I had, I did not want to go with another tmobile phone because I had so many problems with them. I will admit this is not no sidekick 3 but it is a great phone. It has a great camera and I love the keyboard..Only complaint is the keys are rather close together so sometimes you will hit two at a time

I like the LG Rumor 2 very much.In fact, I had one before, and when it started wearing out, I found another just like it because it meets my needs.The Virgin plan I have provides unlimited texting and a limit on talk minutes.This is fine for me. -I can text all I want, and I don't need that much talk time.The phone itself is easy to use and the service has been excellent.If you're looking for good phone service and do not need too many bells and whistles, this is a good and inexpensive choice.

I switched from AT&T; to Virgin Mobile to save money, and picked the Rumor 2 because of the slide-out keyboard. I've only been using the phone a couple days, but I like it. It does have a few issues, though.Longer text messages get truncated, so you can't read the whole thing. This is really lousy.The ringer doesn't seem to want to cooperate. I can't get it to ring on incoming calls, despite having checked and rechecked the ringer settings.Overall, though, I like the phone. It doesn't feel cheap, and typing on the keyboard is no trouble at all. I've taken a few pics with it, and the camera does pretty well. If it didn't truncate the text messages, I'd give it a higher rating.

I bought my Rumor 2 in February and loved it, especially the QWERTY keyboard. My Virgin Mobile service was dependable and affordable. Last weekend (September 19) I turned it on and the screen flashed different colors, then went grey. Grey it remains. Calls come in and I can call out, but I can't access my address book, see who's calling, check my voice mail or messages... This is my first LG and the first phone I've owned that didn't last more than two years. From what I've learned from googling, this is not an uncommon occurrence. I emailed Virgin two days ago and immediately received an acknowledgment email saying that I'd get a response within 24 hours. That didn't happen either.&lt;sigh> It was fun while it lasted. But it certainly wasn't worth the $80 investment.

im 13 years old and i have wanted this phone for 2 years! i finally saved up enough money for this phone, and i cant smile wide enough!!! its easy to handle, looks really cool, and is even cooler! i also like that it fits easily into my pocket. the only this that might be unapeiling is the qwerty keyboard. its a really cool keyboard, but the space bar is in the middle so it throws off my texting every once in a while. but if you have had a qwerty phone before it might not be a problem. over-all this phone is very cool and i think you would enjoy it! :)

I got this phone as a gift for my son for Christmas.  I tried to activate it online without success.  Then I called to activate it.  I had to use an automated system and give all my personal and phone information again.  The activation failed again.  I was then put through to a human.  I had to give all my personal and phone information AGAIN.  The activation failed AGAIN.  Without another word I was transferred again to another person.  I had to give all my personal and phone information AGAIN!  Activation failed again due to multiple attempts to activate.  They said the phone should be activated in 24 hours and I will be notified by e-mail when it is and then assigned a phone number.  I asked to speak with a supervisor.  I was put on hold for about 15 minutes and then I was disconnected.  There was no return call.  So, I still have no idea how the phone works or what kind of call quality the phone will have.  But, I can tell you that the customer service at Virgin Mobile is awful and I will never purchase another phone from them again.

Had this phone for about 15mos. loved it, my daughter accidently knocked it into the sink and it got wet. Got a diffent phone and hated it. Decided to go back to my favorite phone, shopped around this was the best price I found and it works great!

After suffering for ten months with AT&T;'s lousy service and rude support staff, I terminated my contract early and jumped on the pre-paid bandwagon.  I was accustomed to having a feature-rich phone (an HTC Fuze with unlimited data) so I began preparing myself for the humble amenities of a no-contract plan.  Much to my surprise, I have found the LG Rumor2 is a quite capable phone.  The QWERTY keyboard is responsive, laid out very well, and easy to use.  If you're going to text often, this phone is built for the task.  Call quality is decent, though I've only tested it through the handset speaker and not on a headset.  I was even mildly impressed by the Rumor2's camera (1.3 megapixel) which took some e-mail quality shots.  LG has constructed a lightweight but sturdy phone which won't rip a hole in your pocket.Above all that, however, this phone has several applications which have impressive capabilities.  The built-in Opera Mini browser delivers a respectable mobile web browsing experience.  Despite the Rumor2's small screen, you can still see what you need to see on most websites.  Google Maps is also included and is highly functional on this unit.  There's even the option to purchase a GPS navigation program (runs $9.95 per month) that further expands its versatility.  Along with all those features, you can insert a microSD card and listen to mp3s with the Rumor's on-board media player.  If that's not enough functionality, the free Mail+IM app is incredibly useful for staying connected.  As a user who stubbornly clung to Windows Mobile for over three years, I'm quickly learning that you don't need a $600 SmartPhone and $40 data plan to communicate.Virgin Mobile's plans are highly configurable to whatever types of services you use most.  I'm getting a basic voice plan, 1000 messages, and a generous data bundle all for $40 per month.  I was paying $80 per month for similar services from AT&T; on my contract phone.My only real complaint is the small screen.  The Rumor2 has a sharp, bright display but there's just not enough of it.  That said, you'll have few problems texting, emailing, Facebooking, web-surfing, or playing games on the tiny LCD.  This phone really does everything you'd need a cell phone to do.

I have been a Virgin Mobile customer for years and recently upgraded to this phone.  Virgin Mobile's pricing works well for me, even if their coverage is very spotty in my part of Los Angeles.  I regret to say that this phone has made me decide to spend my minutes quickly and find another carrier.  Why?  Whenever I turn it on it SCREAMS "Virgin Mobile" at me.  While this may seem like a small problem, if I need to check for text messages during a meeting, movie, etc., I don't want the world around me to be disturbed.  After spending well over an hour with VM's irritatingly patronizing but ultimately useless tech support, I was informed that it was impossible to remove this "feature."If you still want one of these, I'm getting rid of mine.

Got this phone as an early birthday present.Ive never had a phone with a full slide out keyboard, but got the hang of how to do it really quickly. There are alot of great extras as well, like  apretty detailed calendar which is great for keeping school assignments scheduled, world clock etc.The phone itself is a good looking phone as well.So far so good. :)BTW, I would reccomend this more for heavy texters. Though the sound quality is really really really clear.

This is a great little phone at a fraction of the cost of a local retailer. it was shipped very fast and packaged very well. I am very pleased with the priduct and t he value. I will definately shop this vendor in the future...Thanks a lot !

This is fine for texting and making calls, but "Connect" simply does not work for Facebook, and the "MyPix" feature is useless.  I thought maybe I was not utilizing these features right, but after reading other reviews of the phone on various sites, I have learned that most people cannot get Facebook, via Connect to work, nor can the upload any pics taken with the phone using MyPix.  I found the description of the phone's capabilities very misleading and will be getting another phone as soon as I use up the rest of the money I have left on this prepaid phone. I am done with VirginMobile.

I am very happy with my phone, it came in it's original packaging and shipped very quickly! It's a really good quality phone, I was impressed.

I am coming from using a Droid RAZR on Verizon, so my expectations were low, however I was honestly surprised how easy it was to go back to using a basic phone. I don't miss the smartphone at all. This phone has a nice loud speaker, a micorSD slot, and works fairly smooth. Internet is basic, but works well, and Virgin plans are pretty good.All in all I am happy with the product, and find it is really enjoyable to have a nice small phone with a physical keyboard again.

I bought this phone as a replacement for the Kyocera Xtc (which I had tons of problems with). First, this is a very sturdy phone, ideal for someone who texts more than average. Unlike cheaper models, this LG phone seems to be loaded with features and has a nice software layout. The larger keyboard takes some getting used to, but it does not take long before you are comfortable using it. The camera is pretty clear, which is nice for casual picture taking but won't replace your regular digital camera.Having owned 5 different model of phones from Virgin Mobile, this is hands down the best thus far. The quality for the money is great.

Needed a cheap back up phone for my son. Im becoming very disillusioned by Virgin Mobile and am about to quit their company after 5 years. If customer service doesnt pick up, Im going else where. Im sure SPRINT took over which I had so many problems with them I couldnt stand them.

I've been with Virgin Mobile for only about a year converting from a traditional contract only company. So after getting my first basic phone from VM, the Mantra, I decided I wanted something more up to date that had more features.I've always eye'd those fancy smart phones but to be honest with myself I knew I wouldn't use everything on those phones. I also didn't want to pay the huge amount of money (in my opinion) for those phones and the required service packages. However, I did want a phone that could get me google maps,surf the web a bit,play music, and had all of your basic cell phone features. That's where the Rumor 2 came in.Looks:--The Rumor2 I bought is black and gun-metal colored. It's a pretty sharp looking phone. The size of the phone is probably around average of it's type, small enough to fit in a pocket without a huge bulge forming.Features:--The phone has a 2 inch screen that is a bit smaller than the displays of other phones of this type but still big enough to not be a problem. The resolution is good and photos viewed appear sharp.One touch speark phone. Just hit one button and go to speaker. The speaker phone works very well with good quality incoming and outgoing sound. Voices on both ends are clear and crisp with little, if any, distortion even at high volume levels. There are volume buttons on the side of the phone to adjust on the fly.1.3 mp camera. Well, it's certainly an upgrade from a VGA camera and the image quality is OK as long as the target isn't moving. Also, unlike other versions of this phone the VM one does not have the camcorder function.Qwerty keyboard. Very nice feature if you've not used one before. Seems very intuitive to me and makes both texting and surfing the web faster.Media Player. The media player that th Rumor 2 comes with is pretty good. It supports all of your basic file types including mp3 and wav. However, it does not support video in any form. The player has basic functions such as shuffle,playlists...ect. Nothing outstanding but serves the purpose with good sound quality. I do have to mention that the headphone jack is not a standard size, it's smaller, so your previously owned headphones may not be compatible.Micro SD memory. You can use Micro SD cards in sizes up to 16 gigs, so there's a lot of space for pic and music. Keep in mind the phone does not come with an micro sd card.Ringtones. the Rumor 2 only comes with 6 basic ringtones so be prepared to buy some.Apps.  The VM version only comes with a few apps: Google Maps, EMail+IM, and Opera. Google maps is nice for getting directions and work prett much like the real thing, the same can be said for the Email and IM apps. Opera is a mobile browser that makes mobile web look as close to the real thing as possible. I really like the way Opera works, the web looks very close to the real thing and it's probably the next best thing to what you'd get with the expensive smartphone.Games, software and other features: Again be prepared to pay for some if you want them. All of the games on this phone are demo versions that are just about useless. This also has the capability to be used as a GPS unit with voice command directions that tells you "turn left here"...ect. It also supports stereo bluetooth.Service/Reliability:--I've found that VM is as reliable as any service I've had and the Rumor2 provides good reception, fast web (for a non g3 phone), and clear calls on both ends of the line. I often get a better signal with this phone that I did with my previous two phones.Overall Value:---I think that as long as you realize that you are not going to get a droid or I-Phone for the $80 that the Rumor 2 will cost, you will not be disappointed. This phone covers all the basic calling features,with great texting capability, nice web surfing, and can carry a large music library. Overall I think this is a good quality phone with some nice features at a low price. I think that this phone stacks up well with any other phone of a similar price.

My teenage daughter loves this phone. She texts constantly, and the slide out keyboard works great. There is more space and easier typing than her brother's X-TC phone.She uses the camera, and enjoys that. However, there is no flash, and no way to take videos either. The MP3 player works well and music also plays out of the speaker.The phone quality is good. When we talk, the sound is clear and has not dropped any calls.We have had good response from customer service through email. Though it takes a little time, they have been responsive when we had an issue setting up one of the three phones we have with Virgin Mobile.Virgin Mobile prices are right. The "texter's delight" plan is the best we can find for unlimited texting. We also get 60 minutes free call minutes by using GLuo4cw4 (cut and paste) in the Kickbacks code slot every time we top up $20 or activate a new phone. The code works with all Virgin Mobile phones, and not just the Rumor 2. So my daughter gets unlimited texting, and I get to call her generally for free too! We recommend the phone.

LG Rumor2The LG Rumor2 looks like a rather advanced candy bar phone, with a slide out QWERTY keyboard, but in reality it is built very similar to the older LG flip phones from around 2005-2006. There's nothing advanced about it. Navigating the menu is a pain in the butt, and "surfing the web" is ridiculous especially in 2010. BlackBerry offers the advantage of having a trackball or trackpad, which by itself is rendered obsolete with advanced touch screen interfaces like the iPhone, Droid, etc... The Rumor2 is ancient by comparison. Most web pages do not load properly or look even remotely similar to a normal web page. There is no GPS feature with Google Maps, so you have no idea where you are, even though there is supposed to be a GPS receiver built-in.Email is also cumbersome, because Gmail somehow does not automatically sync. The address book is limited to 600 contacts and navigating that is also a chore itself. I purchased the Rumor2 and the Beyond Talk plan for my dad who didn't want a really advanced phone. I use a Motorola Droid2 which is infinitely more intuitive to use. I'd recommend looking at the Rumor Touch, but even that has issues with YouTube and it is nothing more than a slightly updated Rumor2.Charging the battery requires popping open a cap to reveal the micro USB port. Since it was designed for teenagers, I don't see how this was a good idea. That cap will be lost sooner or later. More "grown up" phones like the Droid, Droid2, DroidX don't have protective caps for the micro-USB port. One could argue the cap protects the port from teenage shenanigans, but I don't buy it.Pros: Simple design, works well since it hasn't really changed much since 2005-2006Cons: Not a smartphone, more like a cellphone that has data capability not unlike flip phones from 5-6 years ago, cumbersome interface, not my first choice of phone.Overall: 3/5 stars

Was disappointed that it was not the blue color shown in the photo, but it was a good bargain and my daughter loves the phone.

have the phone for 3-4 months and generally like it.pros: sprint network works good in my area (FL).price for 1200 minutes and text and internet is good.ability to change plans when going away saves some money.picked up phone at target when it was on sale for under $25.00 Now in new packaging it costs more.customer service tries to help.cons: customer service people are difficult to understand at times. about 50% success rate.initial phone was broken and they had to send a new one.lock out features on phone do not allow for down loading ring tones and other things from third party web sites.screen for internet use is small.

I wanted to update my review here I will say here is what I believe about the phone, I have heard those who have AT&T; and Sprint don't have many problems.  This phone suffers from some pretty basic design flaws and a few software that really don't make it all that great of a phone.  Basically the long story short after a couple months many people experience the phone shutting itself of randomly this is due to a design flaw with dust getting into the battery easily.  However this is the tip of the ice berg even if you every few days air out the battery and case you still get another problem that can make your phone shut off.  If you shut the case hard when going from the keyboard to the standard phone you can shut it off.  I could maybe let that part go but still the shutting off is kind of annoying.  Lastly you will probably experience the phone phones software either not working at all you having to constantly retry it.  All and all I wouldn't really recommend this phone in fact I would suggest the one below it the kyocera I believe.  Sorry LG but, the rumors are true even with the Rumor 2.Virgin Mobile service:I also wanted to add if you are considering virgin mobile service, the unlimited data has ran out this month in the first 10 days.  Reason it's not unlimited what probably happened was when using google maps and scrolling over a map and sending 100's of KB each press hit my limit early.  Virgin Mobile should just be up front with people about their service, I have had the phone for 3 months now and already considering switching providers.  Unlimited is unlimited, and even when it says reasonable use using  an application that came with the phone seems pretty reasonable to me.

I wanted an upgrade and I am loving this phone, I love the fact it has a keyboard so I don't have to henpeck at numbers for letters.

I bought this phone at my daughters request for Christmas. She absolutely loves it!. It was also given a good review by a trusted employee at a Radio Shack and all her friends are envious! She has no complaints at all.

I bought this phone online at Wal Mart for $39.00 (no S&H charges) and it included a charger for your car . . . you are really hoseing people with your pricing of this item.

"I'm 17 and I've found this phone is perfect for me. I was using Tracfone prepaid service before and was tired with the limited service options. With virgin mobile I could still use prepaid cards and have many service options, including the "texters delight" ulimited messaging for $20 a month which I chose. This is an incredible deal and includes unlimited sms, mms picture messaging, email, and IM's.This phone is perfect for texting and I have found the slide out keyboard to work extremely efficiently. I hardly ever find myself editing my keystrokes. And the built in features of the phone are worth the money. I highly reccommend this phone.*****Also, when activating be sure to use Kickbacks Code 9LuL90pw to earn 60 free minutes*****"
