
I got this cell phone because looks like my first phone and wanted it for my mom. It came nice and neat but i tried to turn it on and nothing; i thought it was the battery so I charged it all night long and the next day still not turning on. I unplugged it and magically turned on for 3 sec and then turned off... What kind of crap is this?? I just returned it. Maybe bad luck for me..

Got this phone which is the same as an Iphone...really like it and it was only around a hundred bucks ships from and sold by amazon.  Samsung rocks and so does amazon

Obviously this phone is NOT top of the line, but it serves its purpose. What annoys me to no end is that when the alert is set to vibrate, you cannot feel even the highest setting which defeats the purpose of "alert". Also, I depend on my phone as an alarm but it only allows the preset tones to be used as opposed to my personal music loaded on the phone. Waking up to "club dive" is a little too abrupt.

Overall, I liked this phone.  Set up for AT&T; was pretty easy.  Two things I didn't like - 1) the voicemail indicator never went away.  Even after listening to messages, powering off/on.  Every time I got a voicemail and deleted it, also got a non-nondescript SMS message, but the indicator stayed on.  Tried different settings, but it appeared to never receive the 'no more messages' signal to clear the indicator.  2) Like the widgets and being able to customize the screens.  The bad thing about it was that they were never 'fixed' on the screen.  So every time you scroll between the 3 available screens, if you happened to touch a widget, it would move - sometimes off the screen.  Was not very easy to move between screens and not touch a widget.  Surprised that they overlooked this in their design.The touchscreen was pretty responsive, but texting was not as easy as I thought it would be.  Spent a lot of time correcting spelling, because I touched the wrong keys (and I don't have fat fingers).  Ended up getting an LGXpression which is great.  But will keep this phone as a backup.

great phone..I live in africa part of the year and this phone has everything...big plus is an american one year warranty...travel ? get a quad band samsung

Never thought I would like a touch screen phone but I find that I am completely in love with my new phone.

As you can see, Amazon has stopped selling this phone (though you can purchase through other sellers) because of a flaw with this product.  The description of this phone states that it is the US version, but when my order arrived, and I turned the phone on, the menu was in Spanish.  Similar to what a lot of other reviewers are saying, when you get a voice message, you also randomly get a text with a symbol in it, and the voice message icon does not go away even after deleting the message.  Also, I was under the impression that this was a QWERTY keypad, it is not...it is a touch screen that has the usual number key pad, and if you don't mind hitting a button multiple times to send text messages, then you may like this phone, but it is not for me.  I will be returning it immediately and looking for a phone that's worth my $100.

I bought two of these phones and was able to use them for about a year, beautifully.  Then both, at about the same time, stopped working.  The touch screen no longer worked.  Receiving calls was still possible, but doing anything else with the phone...not possible.

I live in the caribbean, bought this phone from Amazon, couldn't be happier with it, love the size and weight of it and most of all love the features........

It's a nice phone, it came a day late because amazon sent it through ontrac but considering there was a major storm during that time it's acceptable. You have to set up the pic msgs to work here in the USA...just follow the link below and follow the instructions :)[...]

Samsung phone that I received was an Asian version, not a US version!! Extremely unhappy, this was my son's major Christmas gift and we were unable to use it, obviously!! Beware if it's coming from BLUTEKUSA because you will not get the product they are advertising!! One star was to get the review posted so others don't have the same issue.

The phone itself, is nice has many exciting features and is fair to setup without the manual, which by the way comes with no English manual. The charger is for Europe and can be charged with its included USB cable, but what a pain in the butt. The phone has no keys so when you call any automated company, good luck trying to get a keypad to come up and enter the expected information.  I use the KEY button on the side to bring up choices while on the phone, but still is no fun. The other problem is if you are putting the phone to your ear and face and need to be hands free,  well you cut off your phone call due to the bottom front buttons ending the call.its lightweight, and one drop I would guess will have you hoping it is under the manufacturer's warranty.  So go for the extended warranty.Everything is fairly EZ to figure out, it comes with a CD but certainly doesn't answer simple setups.  This is not a keeper for those thinking they will have an EZ phone to use ...I am not crazy about my new phone and for valid reason.If you have no computer to recharge your USB to computer ,  well, you will be more upset with your new toy, til you get the USA adapter to charge this questionable phone.

Nice little phone works well. connects to internet well and is slim very basic functions.  I know have an android but this worked fine for when I needed a spare phone.

The description could have been more helpful by saying it WOULD NOT WORK FOR VERIZON ACCOUNTS! Who am I to think the description would be accurate.

I used to love this phone when i first got it..now i HATE it..the touch screen keeps on messin up.everytime i press what i want to got 2 it goes to something else..cant even text right now..i got ta hit ma phone a couple of times just so it can work right....i hope i get a new phone soon...

Its the best thing you can have for the price...IssuesScreen not good in direct sun lightNot a typical Smart PhoneNo wireless

Avoid this product. I bought this cell phone in January 2011 and the touchscreen stopped working in October 2011. The cell phone has a 1-year warranty but Samsung USA does not provide support for it. They only support products sold for the USA even though it is sold in the USA by Amazon. This particular model is intended for use in the UK so warranty and support has to come from Samsung UK.

Well, nobody is perfect. This samsung S5230 is not perfect either, has very well touch monitor (not sensitive); The body is light, good small size, good reception, good sound, good display, ok photo, allow MicroSD with a good size of memory, quad band and unlocked, well structured display interface and button placements, very responsive lock button, etc. etc... The battery life is terrible, between 24-30 hours with very light use, i.e. 3-4 calls a day of 2-5 minutes/each. However, with the price of $130s, compared to LG Vue, or even iPhone... I think I can live with that (I have iPod touch that is pretty similar to the iPhone, just w/o 3G, GPS and GSM capability). Not recommended for those who are traveling a lot, but good for those who stay stationary a lot The features are awesome.

After 4 days of use, I can say that I love this phone - especially for the price. It is not as sophisticated as an Iphone (but what else is?) All the GUI aspects of the phone work perfectly. I read several reviews where the users were having trouble removing the back cover. They must have not read the directions or looked at the cover. The little arrow suggests that you slide it in a specific direction - pretty simple and you will not break the case as some have suggested if you do it the right way. The call quality and ability to pair up with bluetooth devices has been very good, too.For the budget concious, who don't need every possible bell and whistle, but who want a good smartphone that works well, this is your baby.

The phone is a great phone. The only reason that I returned it was due 2 the fact that I couldn receive any mms messages with my tmobile acct. The phone keyboard was great n nvr really any mistakes. But overall its a great phone n amazon was great.

I can't even remember when I bought this. It looks old to me. My sister tore through this in a matter of weeks from what I recall. Money well spent, as always huh?

most of the top rated reviews for this phone seem to be t-mobile subscribers. i have at&t; and i can honestly say that it's not the ideal carrier for the Tocco Lite. i exchanged the first phone i received thinking surely it must be defective but the performance of my second phone is only slightly better, albleit tolerable for the price. here's the quick rundown:the good:-lightweight-easy to use-qwerty keyboard is very responsive-predicts number you want to dial even if not stored on phone or sim card-has neat call blocker feature-long battery life-it has the standard samsung profiles (work, meeting, silent, etc.) if you've had samsung phones beforethe bad:-has to be reset periodically (sometimes once/day) or it loses vibration and sound. occassionally it resets itself for no apparent reason-the stylus feature where you write letters in a box for texting does not work well-occasionally there is a lag time between missed calls and voice mail receipt (this is my first unlocked phone so i don't know if that's normal or not)-sometimes it goes black altogether (!) and you have to remove and re-insert the battery to restore it-it struggles to connect to my car bluetooth (i drive a BMW)for the money i guess this phone is OK if you lose your AT&T; phone in a Las Vegas cab and the person who finds it takes it to the airport and flies to LAX with it and doesn't return it like they say they will (yes this happened to me); however i am looking forward to upgrading in July as soon as i'm eligible!

I bought phones for my wife and I.  We really like the phone's themselves.  The phones did come in Spanish but we followed what another reviewer wrote (on January 12) and changed them to English with no problem.  The touch screen is pretty accurate.  Calls are very clear and no problems with texting.  I have taken some pics and they turned out very good(I like the different picture frames you can select).  We just had them activated today with Walmart Family Mobile with no problems. For our everyday use, the phone exceeds our needs.  I would buy this phone again.

I was looking for an unlocked touch screen phone just for my kids. I had couple of brands in mind LG, Samsung, Pantech, HTC. I picked Samsung because of the price and the reviews. As long as my kids can play some simple games and make and receive calls... Similar models in Samsung did not have better reviews. So I picked this one. Its exactly what I expected it to be and exactly what I thought it should do..

I picked this phone because it was supposed to be a US phone. IT IS AN INTERNATIONAL PHONE. After I finally got it set up it works. To send pic mails you have to hit send, it pops up an error message then when you go into the outbox and resend, it goes through. The camera has no stabalizer and no flash. If your hands are really steady and you're in the sunlight, it takes good pictures. I'm pretty happy with it over all.

I had this phone 2 years ago and replaced it within 6 months.When you first get it, it seems like a great value phone for what you get in it. And really, it is. It comes loaded with features like a widget bar, internet shortcuts and a few apps. However, once this 'novelty' wears off, you begin to see some problems.The resistive touchscreen is made from a thin, flexible plastic and is somewhat intermittent, so texting and dialing can be a chore (so much so that I ended up having to buy a stylus). Also, I found that it's prone to scratches, making the screen very diffucult to see in direct light.Another problem I found is bad build quality. It's not the worst I've ever come across, but is certainly far from the best. The phone feels very light, but at the same time very cheap and plasticy. The back plate is very difficult to replace and feels like it's going to shatter if you're too rough with it.So as mentioned, I got rid of this phone after only 6 months. I replaced it with an Alcatel of a similar spec and have had no problems with it at all.So feature wise, it's great. But in terms of usability it's awful. So if you want a mid range phone that is comfortable and simple to use, the Samsung Star isn't for you.

The description said U.S. version but it is not. At&t along with tech support from Samsung could did not have codes to use so I could send and receive pictures with text messages.That is the main thing i wanted on the phone.If you dont send or get pictures,then this is a good phone for you.(I am disapointed).

Had this phone now for about 3-4weeks. Very excited to take it out the box. Turned it on and its in somke other language. Called Amazon-had to call Samsung. Was told to call Samsung in GERMANY. Apparently the phone was configured for that country. Long stor short, my boyfriend figured it out. At&t was very patient wiht me. They had to find a similar phone to configure my network settings...THANK GOD IT WORKED. I still have to call them back b/c I can receive picture txt but cant send them...IDK y. Still learning the querks. Wish there was a speaker button to turn the speaker on (too many steps to get the speaker on. So we'll see as time goes on. I do love the fact that I can put music on there.

Look good, great features, and user friendly.  Gave it four stars instead of five because when I turned the phone on the language was set to German.  Wasted precious time figuring out how to change the language to English.

I bought this phone in May 2011 based on various reviews..my exprience is not so greate...horrible battery...charger was so poor and loose that it keeps disconnecting from the phone...it originally came with German lanaguage. I needed to work with vendor to change langague. Overall, poor value for the money.

The phone is small and has a touch screen, the two main reasons for my selection.It's light alright, and nice-looking. It has the advantage that the SM card can be removed without lifting the battery.The touch screen works well enough, although scrolling down can be challenging as it seems to have trouble differentiating between scrolling and tapping. Resizing photos is also very very difficult, as the screen doesn't pick of the swiping movements well. The screen doesn't flip to fit the way you're holding the phone.The features are very basic, something I've found with all of my Samsung phones (it's my third Samsung phone, and is surely my last). Customization is extremely limited. You can't change much about the screen, or even the ring tones (e.g. the keystroke sound can't be turned off, merely silenced). It has very few ring tones.The camera is pretty poor.The internal software is disastrous. Compared, e,.g., to the Blackberry's, it's clunky and needlessly complicated. The instructions are all but useless. I wasn't able to sync with Outlook, a problem that seems to affect many users (according to a Google search on the error message).I wouldn't recommend it. For the same price, you can pick up a Blackberry Storm. The only drawback is that it's heavier.

Este equipo es muy bueno. Lo compr&eacute; para la operadora Movilnet y una vez en mis manos le coloqu&eacute; el chip y funcion&oacute; sin ning&uacute;n problema. Es muy amigable y tiene todo lo que necesito. Lo recomiendo 100%.This equiment is very good. I bought it for work with the operator Movilnet and once I placed my hands put on the chip and it worked without any problems. It is very friendly and has everything I need. I recommend 100%.

THIS IS VERY VERSATILE MOBILE, CAMERA HAS GOOD, GOOD SOUND IS VERY WELL JOIN THE SOCIAL NETWORKING, SOY DE VENEZUELA AND WORKS GREAT HERE IS BRAND IS TOUCH OF TRUTH AS RECOMMEND, THE ONLY THING YOU DO NOT HAVE WIFI BUT REMEMBER NO WIFI IS EVERYWHERE, AND ALSO FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME TO PAY A SERVICE OF INTERNET MOBILE UNLIMITED MAKES NO FAULT, THE REST IS VERY GOOD TEAM.

I bought two of these and my husband and I both wish we had different phones.  They feel kind of cheap, they are very lightweight.  I think the most annoying thing about them is that the picture messaging does not work (I know you run that risk with unlocked phones) and that when you are on a call in your voicemail you have to push the call button to get out of the screen and then the back button to return to the screen to pull up the keypad to delete or save the message you just listened to.  The bottom of the screen shows a keypad button for you to touch but you can't do so unless you go back and forth.  More than once in going back and forth I have initiated a second call to voicemail (because I have to push the call button to go forward).  It becomes very annoying.  Also when you turn off the phone it resets everything in the phone.  If you have customized your toolbar that pulls out from the side of the screen it is reset, all your alarms are reset including the call volume.  Twice I have had the volume reset itself on the alarm and I have turned the alarm on the night before and had it go off in the morning (at volume 1) and then not woken up.  The alarm does not continue to go off until you shut it off it just stops on its own so if you miss it the first time you are out of luck.  There are many little quirks with this phone that I just don't like.  My husband had his in his pocket at the beach and he was standing in the water and a wave got him somewhat wet.  Not soaking wet, just damp.  The phone stopped working.  I took it apart and the little water tabs that turn red when it gets wet were not even wet enough to turn red.  There was no visible water in the phone, yet it won't turn on.  I dropped my LG in a glass of water, totally submerged, and I dried it out and continued to use it for another year.  This phone is just not well made and the little quirks are annoying.  We will both be getting new phones.UPDATE:  Do NOT buy this phone.  I contacted Amazon on the one that died and they directed me to the manufacturer and gave me Samsung's number.  I called and Samsung informed me that this phone was manufactured in the UK and that I would have to call overseas to the UK to report the problem to them and have them help me.  Why is that if this is the US version as Amazon advertises it???  I will update again on my luck with the UK version of Samsung....

I am at a loss for what to do. i can not get this phone to work? I thought I was buying a US phone and when I opened it and turned it on it was in polish. excuse me... I don't speak or read polish. I finally got it to English where it should have been when I got it.All it will do is say limited access. I have a boost sim for unlimited. why Don't it work????????? This is my first time buying from amazon and if someone don't help me get this thing working my last time. I was not ready for all this Bull s it. I just wanted a nice phone. I will be returning this phone in the morning . can anyone help????? thanks

You've read the specs on the phone; the screen is nice, the touch works about expected, the OS is laid out logically, and it has a few goodies & apps tucked away so that you feel its more than a basic phone.  It also works with AT&T; with no problem.Physically, the phone is light, smaller than it appears, and the battery seems to be fine, although I don't talk a lot on my phone.  The Camera works well in either landscape or portrait mode, and the camera app fast and works fine.Here's the stuff that isn't so great:1) While the phone supports bluetooth, it only appears to support very basic profiles, so it doesn't look like you can transfer pictures, addresses, and data with your computer which is a significant drawback2) I was very disappointed to realize it doesn't support a normal headphone.  Instead, it has a weird proprietary headphone jack, and the headphones supplied are about the lowest quality3) The FM radio is great except that it won't play the FM radio without the headphones attached.  But here's the weird part, once the headphone is attached you can play it through the speaker.  You can't make this stuff up.4) No WiFi, which means data access will always cost you money through your carrier.I would buy it again.  The screen quality and size make it worth $100.  But don't expect this to compete with a smart phone.  Its more like a basic phone with a few extras.

Pros: I like the size of this phone and the touch screen.  The battery life is good.Cons: Not easy to use.  I can't get any picture text, my little $10 phone allowed me to receive picture text.  When I make a call or someone calls me the phone automatically locks and I have to unlock it to put on speaker phone.  There are too many steps you must complete to get certain options ie: speaker phone.  If I call to get my messages I have to unlock the phone in order to get to the keyboard to delete my messages.  I hate that it automatically locks when I make or receive a call-HUGE hassle.I hate the widget side screen that pops up if I accidently touch it, I end up with all these icons on my screen that I don't want- another hassle to have get rid of them.Overall I'm not impressed with this phone, it is a pain to use.

This phone sucks.I ended up going to Verizon and getting a Razor M.I never used the phone and would like some type of refund on it.

For being an unlocked phone, I did not realize what that meant other then the ability to use it with any carrier. The phone itself it good. Pictures came out awesome, good sound, texting and everything was good, minus the ability to be 3G and not being able to access the web. Where I'm at I need those 2 features, and they weren't available to me, so I sent it back. Oh, you can't receive or send multi-media as well.

excellent product, worked well and I'm not complaining, I recommend it for the price. easy to use and has gone well, the only thing I did not realize when I bought it brought no wifi. a detail of the internet is that I could not use it but the rest is very well ...

i live in southwest florida and i use the bliss no see um almost every night.i weigh 250 and i havent had any problem  with it.the netting is amazingly strong.i have even caught the netting in the zipper a few times with no damage.there are no see ums everywhere here and the net stops all of them.one of the best products i have ever purchased.

Now that I figured out how to use it properly, I really like it!  I'm a "go-by-the-manual" sort of woman and the users-manual that came with it wasn't extremely helpful.  It didn't explain anything about how to get to the virtual qwerty keyboard (this is my first) or how to retrieve your voice mail messages.  When I call for my messages I'm directed to enter my password but when I press the "keypad" button, it doesn't work.  Maybe I'm missing something. So, I had to figure out a different way to retrieve my messages...a 3-step function instead of the one-step. However, for all the initial frustration, the phone is perfect for me and I'm very satisfied. I love the FM radio and the whole "touch" thing is excellent, not sensitive at all.  No dropped calls, easy "lock" function and a lot of little extras.

The phone came as promised and is a great bargain, but...  You cannot send media messages and you will need to look online for the set up options regarding this phone.  It is set up to be used in another country.  The Spanish language thing was not a real issue but the settings needed to be tweaked and I still cannot do all of the things I could do with my Samsung Impression (I realize it is not the same but was hopeful).  Many of the apps that could be downloaded for the Impression cannot go on this phone.  Cheap replacement phone but the word cheap here is key.  Do not tap this phone or jostle it too much as it will shut off.  Be sure if you have alarms that you set them to turn on the phone if off.  First successful photo sent after researching the settings online!!!

well, to begin i dont like this phone. number2 the touch sceen is pretty good at first but i have had it for three months and now it doesnt work and it drops calls all the time so basicly i think the phone isnt worth the price

The description states "U.S. Version" but this is not quite correct.  This phone is not even in the Samsung USA database.  It has zero support.  I would expect these complications with a product that states international version but this phone is advertising U.S. version when there is no actual U.S. version!  At first, every function worked great except video/picture messaging, downloads from subscriber and internet.  It is necessary to configure the settings and the carrier nor Samsung could not give any help at all but thankfully, the internet and users did. This phone needs to be set up (for TM) just like the Samsung Behold for APN/WAP browser settings and MMS settings.  If you do this, you will have all features of the phone! Once I got everything working, I really like the phone.  It is considered a "smartphone" so data packages are more expensive.

Nice phone,good for the price.  Has many useful functions but might need to download upgrade software for some of the  new games and other applications to work.  A little difficult to upgrade firmware.

IF you want some cool do not get this ohone, get a iphone 4 32 1 or some thing likethat

I bought this phone for my wife & now she has it for about 3-4weeks.First we were Very excited to take it out the box. Turn it on and setting it up to work with T mobile network and automaticaly found the t mobile network. But settings it to send and receive picture txt messages was a little difficult to set up. I Wish if there was a speaker button to turn the speaker on without the too many steps to get the speaker on. So we'll see as time goes on.But she do love the fact that she can easlly put music on there.

I bought this phone because I liked the look and it had a decent price. After having the phone for about a week, the touch screen started shaking and would sometimes freeze altogether. When I tried to get it to stop its what I referred to as "seizures", it would text and call people or freeze the entire phone. I got so frustrated with this thing that ended up throwing it away after a few months of its ongoing screen shaking episodes. All I can say is that this phone is a piece of junk. Don't waste your money! Plus the features it has aren't really all that great. :\

This is a great phone, Ordered it on the 4th of March, in 5 days it was at my USA address and in another 5 days I received it here in Barbados.My organisation gave away one of these phones for a cruise we had, and I fell in love with it since then, so I decided to order it from Amazon (My first item ordered online YEAHHH!!!). I have not been disappointed since. Came with everything it said it was going to come with (1 GB Memory Card) along with a surprise: 1 Stylus for use with the Screen.Great job Amazon. I will be ordering more stuff again soon. :DP.SI bought it to use on the Digicel Network (Barbados Ltd.) and it was simple to configure for the local network.

I travel to Japan, China, Taiwan and Mexico often.I am looking for a cell phone that can work in these countries (of course plus US), by just replacing a local SIMM card.Anyone can tell me if this is the right one?

I bought this item on behalf of my friend with purpose to use it in Europe. It has the sim card slot, the same product features as described. It is a value-for money phone and lightweight as well.

As a phone this one is OK, even though it is not worth the money I paid for it. I wanted a basic unlocked phone to use in the US and Europe when I travel by switching GSM cards. Well, it did not work in Europe. When I inserted a card from there it asked me for a password. So beware if you were planning to do that.

I purchased this phone to replace my old Noika flip phone. This phone is as advertised and came with everything as described. The phone came in Spanish, but there was detailed instructions on how to change it to english. The phone came with a screen protector already installed and fitted perfectly. For the price, this phone is a great buy, just remember it's NOT a Iphone!!!

At first I was impressed by this phone but that soon changed.  I was disappointed it did not have wifi like nearly all other similar phones.  Using the touch screen is tricky especially when trying to send a text or to enter a number; I think I had a 100% first attempt fail rate at entering a telephone number or typing a word correctly.  The phone does not work properly on T-mobile even though it says it is unlocked.  Needless to say I sent it back.

After many positive experiences with Amazon, I am not totally satisfied, but will keep this phone anyway.  First, it is not a U.S. version.  Came with default language in Spanish, and it took time to get it into English.  Did not come with a 1 gb micro card as described in the listing. There is no real user manual, only on the cd, and it really isn't very clear on functions and difficult to download onto Windows 7. Cant say how good phone is until I get a micro card. My AT&T sim card had the phone up and running in no time.  Overall, phone seems to be OK, but Amazon dropped the ball on what you're getting by their item description.  That being said, the s5230 seems to be a good deal for the money, just remember, it's not an iPhone.

I am not satisfied with this phone. The lock button position is very abnormal and cumbersome. The phone gets locked as you pick up the phone. The owner's manual is extremely poor and there is practically no customer support. The menu is not intuitive and it is difficult to figure out the overall operation of the phone. The phone is listed for US but support is not available in US. The calling function requires two push button operations which is not convenient. Overall I rate this phone as poor.

Best phone i had yet, it has a bunch of cool features and easy to setup and use.It only took 3 days to get here and that was the standard shipping lol.Beside the phone coming in spanish it was a good deal how ever i didnt get the 1gb memory card that was mentioned.I will recommended this phone to other people.

Amazon has a good reputation for its customer service so I buy things from them all the times. This phone was the worst thing that they can try to sell to their customers. first, it won't turn on out of box so i tried to charge it. Now, it will stay turned on for two mins only when it's plugged in charged mode. Phone weight was so light like peace of plastic. Also, when phone turns on for two mins, all the menus and everything was in some other language (not in english). This really pissed me off. It looks like Amazon has given me the refund and i have shipped the phone back via UPS. Amazon customer service is good, but this phone sucks. Don't buy it.

My needs is a phone are fairly basic, some might even say primitive. I just need a simple, reliable way to communicate with my small circle. This phone does all that and more. It is NOT a WiFi phone, but it addresses my minimal mobile internet needs. I am very happy with this phone. BTW, since this is an unlocked phone, adjusting the settings to connect to the internet and to text pictures required a little research, but I was able to do it with resorting to AT&T support.

Was really looking forward to giving this phone to my wife for her birthday but when I swapped it over she had the hardest time trying to just type a simple text to her family. The phone it's so small that it was hard for her to type and with my sausage fingers, out was virtually impossible!

the phone worked good until the second day and mms messages wont work at all the voicemail notification will not remove like its stuck and keeps reminding me i have a voice mail when i dont.. at&t cannot fix the mms problem.. it keeps sending me random messages with the following symbols '@ i would not recommended this phone!!

I only gave the phone 4 stars bcuz when it came it was in a foreign language so that kinda pissed me off but after the language thing was sorted out, the phone has been trouble free...One word of caution is to buy some sort of protection for the front and back cuz it scratches quite easily but all in all a very good phone for the price.

First of all, this is my very first touch screen/verge of "smart" phone. I don't text and I don't surf the web via phone. I was really enjoying all the other features of the phone until I discovered that it defaults to lock mode during calls.-You make a call-the screen dims-a message pops up while the call is connecting: "press the hold key to use the in-call functions" (i.e. keypad; speakerphone, conferencing; hold; mute; etc.)-you press the hold key...if you press the speakerphone key, the phone wastes time asking for confirmation....if you press the area designated for keypad, it often doesn't react delaying the ability to respond to voice prompts.-during your call, anytime the backlight dims, it will most likely revert to the "press hold key" message forcing you to re-navigate.I contacted Samsung US (because it was listed as a US version phone) looking for a way to disable this default setting. I was informed that this was a UK phone and support would have to be sought there, because they had NO information about it in their database. I have scoured the support websites and forums and not been able to locate a fix for this issue.For me, it's enough to return a pretty decent, feature robust phone. If you're just passively answering and ending calls, there will be absolutely no issue. But in this day and age when you have to navigate automation to reach a human, quick access to the keypad function is pretty important.

Got this for my mother in law and she seems to always have trouble with this phone due to somewhat awkward menu. Gadgets seem to overflow to the main screen and take up the space.

This phone was OK but not great. The touch screen was not very smooth or sensitive. Another problem was when calling the 800 numbers. The screen gets locked when you call a number. Then you need to unlock the screen before responding to the prompts. The unlocking needed a button to be pressed on the side and then quickly press the keypad icon. If you are not quick enough, you may be too late to respond. It was a big hassle. (I-Phone doesn't have this problem). Then one day the screen's calibration was totally lost. You press somewhere and something else gets clicked. Some numbers got dialed without dialing them. Contacted the seller. They said there was no warranty even though it was within one year! Be careful of this! Very cheap quality. Lot of features but cheap quality. What will you do with the features if the phone itself doesn't work? Hundred dollars wasted. This is the second cell phone which stopped working and both were Samsung. Never buying another Samsung phone again.

Unlocked phone on AT&T network, making voice calls and SMS texting ok, but mms texting doesn't work. Touch screen slow.

This phone was purchased as a replacement for an existing older phone. It works great but the inernet function is useless due to it being an international phone. Great for texting and voice.

The touch screen isn't very responsive. this was my first phone and I became very unsatisfied real quick. the phone does what its supposed to do. make calls and text, but other than that. its ok. it was time to upgrade 5 months after I got it.

Great phone for what i need. Not really into the whole iphone/app thing so this is great. Can't send or recieve pic messages other than that it works great.

I wouldn't recommend this phone.No wifi, not an android os.Touchscreen is not very responsive. Compared to other phones in the same price range there are better options.I was in a hurry when I ordered two of them for a trip to south America and by looking at the photos I had the impression it was an android.Later I had to order another brand (blu) that was an android and in the same price range.

My cousin in Africa that i bought this phone for has always say the phone works well. He said he loves the phone.

I would not order these again - while functional, they are hard to apply without interference.  Generic screen protectors at Walmart are far superior.

I was excited to see a simple, small, and touchscreen phone for such a fair price... getting a new phone  was long overdue. Well the problem starts when "I" cannot receive pictures, I cannot send out pictures, mainly MMS is not available with this phone. I am very disappointed, i purchased it when it stated it was great for texting, mms, etc.This phone is manufactured outside of the states and can only be used in the UK and Asia...I truly wish they would of mentioned this at the very beginning.This was a Mother's Day gift from my daughter...

I was in love with this phone when I first got it - it was sleek and very pretty. The programs are much more streamlined than other touch phones - there are three sliding panels that you can alternate between and you can choose the apps that you place on them. The free games that come along with it are cute and a good distraction. The sound quality is decent. The text screen is very intuitive and easy to use - you don't have to waste a lot of time calibrating it.However, after a few months, it started lagging and started dropping calls. Less than 1 year into owning it, the touch screen completely stopped working, leaving me with a defunct phone...Buyer beware!

This phone has given me nothing but trouble since I have had it. I think this is due to it being an international phone. Every time a get a voice mail it notifies me about 8 different times, and the new voice mail symbol won't go away. Then it proceeds to send me text messages with symbols. The camera is basically useless due to its horrible quality and bleaching of photos. The call quality is OK. The other features such as memos, and multiple alarms are great. One thing I also don't like is that the headphones are proprietary rather than a normal 3.5mm jack for a headset, which means you have to use their european head phones only. I do like that if you turn the phone you have a full QWERTY keyboard, but it's not worth the trouble with random text messages of symbols and constant things saying a voicemail when I don't.

After reading numerous reviews about this phone, I went ahead and purchased.  I am very happy with this phone.  Are there better phones out there?  I'm sure there are but I didn't want to spend more than around $100 plus I only use my phone for calls and texting and not for the internet.  I particularly wanted a very light weight phone and this certainly fits the bill.  Unlike some other reviewers, I find the battery life very acceptable.  My phone is on standby from 9am until 10pm every day and I typically talk on the phone an average of 30 minutes a day.  I find that the battery lasts about 5 to 6 days before needing a recharge.  The only thing that disappoints me is that the touchscreen sometimes needs to be pressed 2 or 3 times before it will accept your command. (Others mentioned this).  The funny thing is that when touching the numbers on the keypad or the letters for texting, it works flawlessly first time but other things sometimes need a little more work.  If it wasn't for that one flaw, I would have given 5 stars.  Other than that, I'm very happy with this phone.

Had no problem with this phone, works great in Afghanistan, Kuwait and the US. Would recommend to anyone who needs a quad band unlock phone.

Phone is working fine. It is true that this appears to have been an international model and you will not find any mention of it on Samsung USA or any of the phone company websites. In any event I signed up with T-Mobile and entered all of the codes so that texts(including pics) and internet access works. Did not like the Samsung lock on the phone that prevents you from putting your own java apps on the phone (so you have to buy it from them) so I took care of that by going to the appropriate websites to "update" my phone. So far I am happy with the purchase.

Terrible. How can you buy a phone for $100+ and nowhere on the phone does it say how to change the language? I've looked at the whole manual and there is not even a single reference as to how to set the language. Terrible from Samsung. They are hurting their reputation with bad products like these coming from China. I'm not sure if I'm going to like the phone or its features once I figure out the language thing but this is not a good start.

This is an okay phone, sometimes when you scroll to find something it scrolls past what you want, still trying to learn it after two weeks. The phone came to me in German! I had to search and search to find out how to change the language since I could not read a thing on it. The main thing I do not like is the locking feature, even though I saved the unlock feature on everything I could find the thing still locks and I have to hold down the side button to do anything, this to me is extremely annoying. I miss almost every call because I am holding down the unlock button and it takes so long I lose my call! I hate that!I have looked everywhere to find out how to disable this feature, apparently you can't.

I RECEIVED THIS CELL PHONE IT WAS EVERYTHING THE SELLER MENTIONED AND MORE I LOVE THIS CELL COMPACT, LIGHT, USER FRIENDLY FOR OLD FOLKS LIKE ME I RECOMMEND IT. THANKS AMAZON FOR THIS SELLER.

Bought from amazonArrived on timeThe phone turned on, but I realized it just wasn't what I was looking for, it's too old, and slow and more for a child or someone who doesn't care for not having a smartphone.Oh yeh, other reason this phone sucked was cause it WOULD NOT TURN ON WITHOUT BEING ON THE CHARGER. So I returned it and got my money back.

In the world most people dont konw . there are  more better androidphones in japan.Fujitu ,Toshiba,kyocera  make smartphones in Japan, not made in Chaina.Of course battery life is long.

Should have paid more attention to the dimensions; the picture on the website made it look much bigger than it was.  Had to go to the middle of the user manual to find out how to answer and hang up from a call.  I'm not too technologically savvy, but we just didn't feel it ws user friendly.

I bought this phone for my son, thinking since it says US it would be in english.. but no it was spanish. I did finally about 3 hours figure out how to change the the language settings. How am i supposed to know how to change them when I cant read the screens it comes set to.But for those of you out there that might be facing the same issue. Here is how you change it,when you power on the phone there will be three icons at the bottom.  In spanish they areteclado, contactos,menuscheck the menus  in the bottom right hand corner there is a button called adjustos push that buttom,( icon of a gear wheel)  the go down to telefono click that,( icon has a phone with a sunshine in it)  the first button at the top of the screen is idioma ( language in spanish) click that and set both defaults to english. and at the bottom of the screen click  Guardar ( save in spanish) if you do not click Guardar it will not change.If your  phone happens to come in a different language the same steps apply the icons will be listed on the screen just named something differently.I will not be purchasing anything else from this seller.

I was happy with the phone but found out that it is not compatible with AT & T, they worked with me on trying to get it running but I can not get any media messages.  I only wanted it for a short time til I switch to T Mobile, hopefully, I can use the phone with them.. But the delivery came quick....

I've been using the phone for several weeks and can't find anything wrong with it.  It's a decent phone with easy to understand and use "gadgets."  The camera takes really great pictures and I am learning to download and fix the pictures just as I do with the digital camera. It has a good speaker for the FM radio, MP3 player and speakerphone. For someone looking for a "do it all" phone without the "do it all" price of a Blackberry, this is what you want.

The box had definitely been opened and re-sealed, as others have stated. Might be a re-furbished phone, but it appeared to be new otherwise. No real complaints.I flashed it with the latest Dark Forest Group firmware, which supports SDHC memory. Works great. The screen is bright and crisp, and touch sensitivity is pretty good. Battery life is outstanding. Over all, it's a good phone for the price.

After some usage, I can tell I have used this cellphone enough for writing a review. It is a nice phone with really cool features. The size is good enough for you to handle it comfortably. The camera takes good quality photos but not so good quality videos. It only works on GSM so Internet browsing is slow --probably also depends on the provider-- The bluetooth is easy to turn on/off and the speaker is really good for conferencing as it's very loud. The screen sensibility is cut at the corners/borders. It reads MP3s and the FM Radio works only with the earphone but it is OK. The games it comes with are really good --especially the sudoku one-- I plugged a 4GB microSD class 4 card and no problems detecting the card or uploading/downloading stuff from it.

This cell phone is the best phone i have ever had.the sound quality is 150% over the top you can hear the people you talk to clearly.and load also.Get this phone,you will not be disappointed.easy to use.the screen is large.easy to read.big print.

This cellphone works great right out of the package. The touch screen takes a little bit of time to get used to but other than that couldn't ask for anything more.

Samsung Star GT-S5230 Unlocked PhoneFull Touch Scr...was a great purchase, very compact as well and impressive timing.

Cool phone for the price. Touch screen is a little jittery sometimes, but updating the firmware fixed most problems and made playing games possible (without having to get on the internet to do so). I like it and would recommend to all!

I had this phone a little under a year.  It is not the best phone out there, or anywhere close to that.  It's rather boring and all it's good for is call, text, and listen to the radio. Yes, it plays radio and like someone else said, it plays it through the speaker (which is a decent quality).  When I first got it, I went through hell setting up the settings in order to send picture messages (like someone else said, it is an international phone).  The screen lags a lot, which eventually led to its downfall.  This happens a lot.  I would touch an option, and it wouldn't go so I would tap it again, and suddenly like it realized I'm doing something it registered both of the taps.  My phone finally crapped out and the left side of the touch screen no long response.  The calibration is off and I can't recalibrate it, so I just brought another phone. Overall, it's worth it if it's free (I got mine free with the upgrade), but I wouldn't shell out money for this crap.  It's an ok phone, but there's more bad points than good points.

This phone is just what I was looking for:1. it is very light2. it has long battery life (about a week: I don't use it so much, just 15-20 minutes a day: radio, calling, texting...)3. touch screen works great4. very nice interfaceIt arrived with ENGLISH menu (in many reviews it's written that they got it with Spanish menu) with 2Gb card and adapter, headphones, chargers (to charge by computer or by net).It DOES work with windows 7.For $97 this is just a super phone.

phone has no qwerty kb , software dosent work, no support. sn/ model does not exist at Samsung web site.
