
I've used the Curve for the past 2 years. I was excited to get the Tour, but am disappointed with two really important things:- trackball doesn't have the feel, i keep going over my app icons, horizontal scrolling just doesn't seem to work,in calendar or in browser- battery drains out within the day, i typically recharge my blackberries overnight, but this one seems not to hold charge.---UPDATE----I got a replacement, and the scroll seems to  be working fine so far. I hope that it holds. The battery drain is still a bit of a problem, might be caused by long running apps like Google voice which I've now shutdown. Still, the battery drain is higher than that on the Curve.

I just upgraded to the Tour a couple days ago. This is, by far, the best phone I've ever purchased. I've been a long time user of BlackBerry phones, having owned The Pearl, Pearl Flip, and the Curve, etc. The screen on the Tour is simply amazing and stunning to look at, even compared to the Iphone. It's so vibrant with lively color bouncing off the screen. The look of the phone is stealthy, sleek, sexy, and easily pocketable. The keyboard is a big upgrade from the curve making it easier to type, providing a better feel rather than the old "clicky" type feel. A little larger than the curve, but smaller than the Bold, it's a perfect compromise that feels sturdy and solid in the hands. Email Exchange, texts, MMS, SMS, HTML browser, etc...it's got all the bells and whistles and more.. so do yourself a favor and go get it!

Being a Blackberry, and Verizon fan for years I am so happy this came out. I have been using the BB Curve for the last year, and this is a huge step up. Applications seem to move better, the web moves fast.  I love the way the keyboard and trackball move. I was able to download Blackberry App Zone and get many of my favorite applications faster then on my Curve. And to top it off its Global!  Its only been 3 days but I am extremely happy!

This was a great phone for my purposes. It made calls well with very few dropped calls. I was even able to pick up signal sometimes in the New York subway system between stops (past phones of mine could never have managed that feat). The internet is slow but I didn't expect lightning speed when I bought the phone. I was just thrilled by the fact that I could access the internet. The email capabilities are very fast though. The only problem and the reason I gave this phone only three stars was the fact that the sound stopped working shortly after I purchased the phone. My mom has a blackberry bold and the sound stopped working on hers too.The year long warranty was not up so I took my Tour to a local retailer with a technical support counter. It took close to two hours of wait time but they gave me a new phone because they could not fix my tour. The staff in the Verizon store were very nice and knowledgeable of their various products. I was really surprised that they were willing to give me a new phone to replace my broken phone.In the end, I really like using blackberries and I will continue to use them. This tour is a good phone but unfortunately, mine ( and my mother's blackberry) had sound problems.

First off, a little history. I have been a business user who suffered with a Palm Treo 750 for 4 years with AT&T; poor reception so my praise with Blackberry Tour from Verizon may be over-rated.Hardware:Pluses:1. Solid hardware: great screen, keyboard, speakers, and even the camera2. No complain on sound quality; another reviewer mentioned about muffled voice and provide good tips by holding the phone towards the bottom and let your palm reflect voice to the receiverMinuses:1. Pushing in the trackball sometimes ended up selecting the item on top of your desired item or vice versa2. Battery life seems a bit short - needs recharging every night which is the same as the Treo 750Software:Pluses:1. Very intuitive User Interface - this alone is worth a lot2. Pretty much does everything that I can think ofMinuses:1. Email - no followup selection - not sure this is RIM's issueSolid performance.  I have used HTC smartphone, Nokia N80, and iPhone. By far, I like this phone the best.

I had the Blackberry for six months, and I enjoyed most of the features. The phone is rather fragile though.  My screen cracked while the phone was in the front pocket of my pants. The pressure of my slacks tightening around my leg caused a compression crack that made the device virtually useless. I had a plastic screen cover on the device to protect the screen, but it wasn't adequate. Take precautions to ward off unwanted situations such as I experienced.

Verizon BB Tour 9630- The phone OS is zippy- The keyboard keys are perfect for chubby fingers- The phone itself is a bit bulky (compared to my old phone BB Pearl)- The rear battery door is a challenge a open at first- It only comes with 2GB microSD card (wish it was atleast 8GB)- It comes with leather belt clip case (wohoo)- The camera takes excellent pics!!!

There have been several comments related to the transmitted voice quality of this phone. I have no problem with being heard clearly, but there is a little trick to it.Look at the bottom of the Tour phone. The pinhole is the microphone to capture your voice.  It has been engineered electronically and acoustically to cancel out background noise while capturing the speaker's voice clearly. For best results, hold the Tour 9630 so that that pinhole points at the corner of your mouth. You will be heard clearly and unwanted background noise reduced.While working for the telephone company testboard, I frequently used a headset to allow me full use of both hands. The last one had a tube from the earpiece that served as the microphone pickup.  The factory instructions were to place the tube so that it pointed at the corner of your mouth. It did not work if the tube was pointed anywhere else.When I first tried a Blackberry, I had complaints about my audio. So I checked the phone for the location of the microphone. I then found a position for the phone that points the microphone at the corner of my mouth. For me, that is with the phone in my left hand, with my fingernails just below the temple of my glasses. Now I am heard clearly every time I use the phone. Try it. It works.P.S.  I absolutely Love this phone!

I was extremely excited to own my very first Blackberry phone. I had just recently given up on my G1 phone. I was curious to see how the Blackberry compared to the G1. The phone itself serves its purpose.  The screen is nice and fairly scratch resistant, unlike the G1 which was prone to scratches. The keyboard set up is great and makes texting and emailing a breeze. My only issue was with the dialing pad, when given a phone number with letters instead of numbers (i.e. 1 800 322 tour) there isn't a way to figure out what letters go to which number.I keep reading mixed reviews about the battery. I text and email pretty much throughout my day and my battery holds up very well. But, if you include phone calls and web surfing, it puts a serious strain on the battery. Any busy business person knows, either have a spare battery or have a charger, at work, in the car, and at home...nothing new there.My biggest gripe with my new Blackberry is the high cost of apps. Everything is seriously overpriced, for the simplest applications.  The average price on the Blackberry market seems to be $4.99. That is one great thing about my G1. Many great apps were free and if they were priced, it was usually less than $2. The same apps I used to download on my G1 now cost me between $3-$5 on my Tour. Also, many free applications available are not compatible for the Tour. Also, you can forget about streaming youtube videos using the included application, it is not supported on the Tour. Do a web search for the headaches that people are having trying to stream videos on their Tour.Customization of the installed apps is also an issue I have. You are very limited on how you can manipulate the phone to the settings that you want most. The only way around it is to download an app for each individual item. If you want to customize settings for your alarm, buy an app. If you want to customize your calendar, buy an app. It is crazy, the phone just keeps costing money for as long as you own it. Once my contract runs out, the next great phone running the Android operating system will be high on my wish list.

I am really enjoying my bb. This is my first one, and I am amazed at the options that you have with it. I am now enjoying being able to get my emails on time, news, and anything that you may need as far as the internet. There are some time, but not a lot when it may take a few moments longer to get information while on the internet(that may vary depending on the location), but otherwise I am loving my phone. I purchased the Ipod Touch so that I would not have all my information,music on one. (In the event it gets dropped). I have had the Palm treo before and I was not happy with that, my last phone prior to the Tour was the LG Dare. When I compare the phones, I really will have to favor the bb because of all the things that you can do with it. I would recommend this phone to someone. I purchased my phone last month and I am glad that I did. My husband tells me that he is jealous, that I spend so much time with my Tour. I am glad that I purchased this.

This is the worst phone I have owned.  My husband had to return two of his phones in less than one month.  I have had several issues with mine.  It locks up often.  The battery is very short lived and it simply does not allow you to make calls when the battery is low.  I have had phones which would let me make calls until the battery dies!  Once the battery drains completely, somethimes the phone does not startup even if you charge the battery for several hours.  I hate this phone, but I'm stuck with it for 2 years because of the verizon contract.  I plan on buying an unlocked phone just to get rid of this one.  It does not deserve a single star.  If I could give it negative points, I would.

This is really a great Blackberry, that can be made excellent with a (relatively) simple software upgrade by RIM. First the good, this device runs the same OS as the storm (4.7) modified to work on a non-touchscreen. This time around RIM has worked out nearly all the software and hardware defects that plagued the Storm. The Tour is faster, not prone to defects (though I've heard of some trackball issues), has clear call quality, the charger plug is in a better position, a good camera/camcorder and a fairly nice speaker for a phone.It sounds pretty good right? And in most ways it is a great phone. It's glaring problem is the lack of WiFi. I hear people say Verizon's 3G is fast enough that that doesn't matter. Often that's true. My Curve didn't need WiFi because Verizon's network worked even indoors. This phone has a major issue with reception. Reception is sporadic. I can be sitting in the open and watch as the bars jump for 0 to 5 to 2, etc. It even looses 3G and reverts to the painfully slow 1X network, or sometime looses the signal altogether. Aside from killing battery life this means it drops calls and you can forget about things like web surfing and e-mail. At first I thought OK, maybe this area is congested or something. So I tried reactivating my Curve, and sure enough the curve had 5 bars. Next I exchanged my Tour to see if maybe I had a defective one (it happens to the best phones). Nope, same issue with reception. Clearly this is an issue with the Tour. On the bright side, i believe it's a software issue that can be fixed by RIM. That's according to a friend who works at RIM. Additionally I tried a beta version of RIMs next OS (5.0) and the problem was fixed. So there is hope, but it might be awhile.So if you can deal with spotty reception or manage to get one that doesn't have reception issues, this is a great Blackberry. Sadly Blackberry's are internet devices so with no WiFi and poor reception you loose a good chunk of what makes a BB worth the money. My suggestion is to wait for the next generation of Blackberry's on Verizon, that will have OS 5.0 and WiFi.

I was issued a Blackberry Tour 9630 through work, and it has been the biggest pain of a phone.  I've been on Verizon for close to 4 years now, the first 3 of which were with 3 different types of regular flip phones (Kyocera, Motorola).  A new position / project required the use of a smartphone, so I was issued this "phone."Pros:1) I get internet access (this is my first phone with internet access)2) I get email3) Various apps available (definitely an upgrade over my old phones)4) The ability to tether my computer to this and access to the internet is VERY niceCons (just off the top of my head)1) I need to hold the phone in a precise position in order to be able to have myself heard2) The OS randomly freezes up for up to 30 seconds3) The phone randomly re-boots (white screen), sometimes in the middle of a call4) Poor reception / MANY dropped calls.  Never had a problem with reception ever before with my 3 other phones on Verizon.  The day I switched to the BB, I started dropping calls at about a 15% clip.5) Trackball.  If you're going to essentially limit your users to one hardware device, make sure that it works.  All of the time.6) Viewing PDF's is nearly impossible - zooming in on a doesn't update the resolution.7) Battery life is horrible.  The longest I've had this thing stay on is 10 hours.  I usually have to charge it twice a day.8) No HTML email.More than anything, my single biggest complaint is with the dropped calls.  Since I use this company issued phone as my home phone as well, I've had numerous experiences being dropped while talking to customer support (utilities, etc) after being on hold for nearly a half hour.As something other than a cell phone, it's a great device.  It can do email (99%, I'd say - HTML-dependent messages being the other 1%), it gets enough internet access for about 90% of what I need, and if I DO need that HTML-dependent email message or that flashy non-BB supported website, I can tether my laptop up to this to get what I need.  Nearly every other "con" I listed I can live with.  Short battery life?  Fine - I've started carrying around an extra battery, and I make it a point to put it on the charger for at least an hour during the day if I can.  OS freezes or re-boots?  OK - I'll wait.  If I can't view the fine print on a PDF, I'll just fire up my laptop and read it on there.However, since I still require my cell phones to make, receive, and not drop calls, this phone gets a one star rating from me.

I just got my BlackBerry Tour 9630 from Verizon Wireless yesterday.  This is my first BlackBerry (and my first smartphone).  So far, this phone works great.  I have read so many discouraging reviews here on Amazon that I almost wanted to skip this phone.  But I'm glad that I went with my gut feelings on this one.  Many reviewers complained about muffled voices.  That was the first thing I looked into right after I got mine activated, up and running.  I can confidently say that there is no truth to it at all.  The voice clarity is impressive.  I can hear the people I speak to very clearly without having to position my phone a certain way (as was suggested by someone here).  The folks on the other end didn't have any problems hearing me (and yes, I did repeatedly ask them if my voice was hard to hear/understand, and that hasn't been a problem at all).  Another common problem reported from Amazon reviewers about this phone is in regards specifically to the trackball.  Some reviewers claimed to have had to send back their third BlackBerry Tour because they couldn't seem to get the trackball to move as smoothly and easily as they would like it.  Well, this problem can be easily fixed by going into the phone's Option menu where you could set the trackball's sensitivity level to your liking.  I found that mine was set at level 20  for both "horizontal" and "vertical" movements(perhaps factory default setting) and the trackball was somewhat of a challenge to use at level 20.  But once I increased the sensitivity levels, the trackball was so much easier to use (I now have mine set at level 70 for both "horizontal" and "vertical" movements).  You just need to play around with the various options in the phone's menu.  Also, the Navigation system works wonders too.  I especially enjoy using yahoo instant messenger on this phone and checking/sending emails.  Web browsing is fast and easy.  This phone is simply too good to be true.  I highly recommend it.

I've received the new Tour last Tuesday.  The first thing I noticed was that screen and resolution was so clear.  Verizon included many accessories with the phone; holster case, stereo headphones (can be used to listen to music); USB cable; software for the computer; as well as different adapters to be used for other countries.  The battery door was a little loose at first.  After a quick trip down to the Verizon store, the customer care rep. was able to replace a new battery door.  Now the phone is perfect.  In addition, this phone came with a 2gb memory card.  I was also able to transfer music files from my computer and stored them into the phone.  Best of yet, I can set the music file as ring tone which I found a very nice feature as I don't wish to pay per ringtone fee from Verizon.The OS is similar to the BOLD and STORM.  It's quite easy to use. Setting-up e-mails push directly into the phone was a breeze.  I was able to set-up hotmail and g-mail in a matter of minutes.  There was also a bundle software included with the phone: MSN Live Messanger; G-Talk; Facebook, MySpace, etc...  With heavy usage, I was able to get 2 days of usage.I would recommend you to download the Opera Mini as the serving browser.  It's much quicker to load pages than the one that came with the phone.Highly recommend this phone!

First time doing a review.The Tour is a great phone. I would say the Tour and Bold is the same phone just different providers. I had the bold for a few weeks for for a company. Great phone but horrible service.Now for the Tour. If you want quick response, great features and fast set up. The Tour is for you. The camera is also great. This is better than the Storm. I had the Storm. It was worthbeing apart of the "blackberry touch screen crew" but if you trying to do work and read business, The storm is crap and many can second me on that.The tour has the new usb port feaature of many future blackberrys but I am happy the converter port was in the box. The clear hd type view is great. It can not be topped.Alot of customizations available. Great pick and I dont regard it. If you always on the go and it is do excel, email on email and messeges sending, this is a great choice.IMPORTANT: battery life is long as well. GET IT ASAP

Background of the reviewer: I have used Palm Treo 700p (Verizon) for a really long time, and also used Palm Pre for a week (Sprint), prior to switching to Blackberry Tour (Verizon again). I also tried iPhone, and currently own iPod Touch, and I believe its OS and applications are very good, but I do need a physical keyboard and so iPhone is not an option for me.I won't repeat catalog specs and other info released by manufacturer. This review is about user review, and in particular, comparison against Treo and Pre.THE POSITIVES:Blackberry Tour is a well built, very practical phone, and feels very nicely in my hand.The OS seems stable and reliable. It doesn't have many hiccups (brief freezes) as older generation smart phones, and even when hiccup occurs, it's very brief. It also has a very good keyboard, which is easier to type than Treo 700p, which I've long considered the best keyboard among smart phones (700p had better keyboard than Palm Pre), and it has excellent screen, with rich colors, sharp, crisp images and bright images that are easy to see even outdoors. The screen is smaller than iPhone and Palm Pre, but it has more pixels than many other smart phones; text is easy to read, even in small sizes, and outdoors while walking, and images are really rich of details. The battery life is excellent, camera is usable, 3.5mm headset jack is a good move (while I'm not sure if micro USB is a good move). The speaker phone is loud and clear enough for checking voice mail and waiting for "next available customer service rep" in a private office.Integration of basic functions, among phone, text message, address book, is very good. Perhaps comparable to Palm OS. Very easy to call someone from text message view, or vice versa (which was not true with Pre).NEGATIVE: erratic ringerThis phone doesn't reliably ring when someone calls me. The problem happens randomly, and not related to specific callers or ringer mode setting. This happens most often when the phone is in the pocket or bag, and rarely happens when it's on my desk. Even when the ringer does not ring, the phone recognizes the incoming call and show it as missed call. I've reported this problem to Verizon tech support as well as RIM but they don't acknowledge this problem exists. If you google, you see people having this problem.NEGATIVE: EmailI don't know who started saying "BlackBerry is good at email" but it seems not true. If your company sets up Blackberry Enterprise Server, or if you use one basic email service with just one folder, it may be adequate for basic email access. However, most people who buy a smart phone have a bit more interesting life, and many of them are creative professionals, academics, freelancers, or simply people with multiple worlds. These types of people often use multiple email accounts, or multiple folders within one IMAP server, and use each for different purposes. Blackberry Enterprise Server is not an option for this type of people, and this is the type of people who will find BlackBerry's email functions vastly inadequate.My ancient Palm Treo 700p with Chatter Mail provides much nicer user interface and full IMAP access to the email server, with access to any IMAP folder and with real time notification (equivalent to push email). The email software on BlackBerry can access only the Inbox folder, and you cannot change it. Why don't they provide direct access to any IMAP server and any IMAP folder, is beyond my understanding. Sure, Blackberry Enterprise Server (BES) may provide a bit better access, and which was one of the original Blackberry technology years ago, but, lack of proper IMAP support sets this phone behind now-obsolete Palm phones and iPhone. Even though open standard IMAP is widespread, RIM might want to keep multiple folder access for BES users, and as a consequence, frustration is building up among users as most blackberry related forums have several threads on this topic, with no acceptable solutions available.RIM, why can't I do the basic email on this brand new 2009 phone, which I could do perfectly well on a 2006 phone?NEGATIVE: trackball. It's sluggish and often doesn't work, especially in the horizontal direction. This is a common problem with Blackberry Tour!! The news reports that the return rate of this phone is approaching 50%! You better return the phone at the first sign of the trackball problem because mine took me a month to develop this problem.NEGATIVE: Voice quality, muffled voice, BUT IT'S EASILY FIXABLE!The quality of voice sound you hear is excellent. What's not is the quality of your voice they hear; it is muffled and sounds like you are speaking from a distance, and it requires focused listening from the other person to understand what you say. This is not good for business or private.The problem is that the tiny hole of the microphone is located on the bottom side, pointing down, and this is not very ideal to pick up high frequency components of the voice from my mouth in the regular way you hold the phone. One easy fix is to hold the phone so that your fingers hold very bottom of the phone, and your palm is right below the phone, not behind it. This way, your palm will reflect and funnel sound into the microphone of the phone. This solves the problem without costing any money. Even better, use the other hand to channel sound more effectively into the mic. In my experimentation (using voice recording software on Blackberry), this technique made improved the voice quality so much that people now tell me my voice is very easy to hear.ANOTHER NEGATIVE: Mac OS compatibilityRIM now provides BlackBerry desktop application for MacOS since October 2009. It has basic functionality and ok integration with basic features of iCal and Address Book. However, the program is still rather buggy, slow and has limited features. It's caused fewer serious errors and is faster and better than PocketMac but has a large room for improvement.~ooOoo~I took two points off, but let me explain. The phone as a hardware probably deserves 6 stars. Voice quality deserves 3 stars. There are some minor annoyances specific to blackberry (such as it can't vibrate and ring simultaneously without using a third party software) that deserves some points off. The email software deserves 2 stars. Many third party softwares do not run quickly and smoothly like on iPhone, and if the same software is available on both Blackberry and iPhone, the features and support are often better with the iPhone version. The phone is not really up to expectation.In comparison, Treo 700p was an ok hardware, and it's quite dated by today's standard, but the OS and applications were excellent. Palm Pre was nothing like Treo line, more heavily network-based apps and applications are still incomplete and not very mature yet. Blackberry is supposed to be a very mature platform and "business friendly" but I personally find it's not as user-friendly as Treo 700p in practical business situations. If Palm OS run on Blackberry Tour, that would be the best of both world. I personally, reluctantly continue to use Blackberry Tour. If my Treo 700p didn't break, I would probably go back.

I purchased this phone two weeks ago.  5 days ago I started hearing a buzz in the speaker during calls.  Almost like the metal mesh is vibrating as people talk.  It's only gotten worse over the past day.  I'm getting a replacement phone sent, but I have low expections that it will last in the long term.I have not had any complaints from people I call about sound quality.  I also have been happy with the speed and functionality of accessing e-mail and internet pages.  I like the form factor of the Tour better than the Curve, but if the call quality is terrible, it is worthless to me.

Extremely poor battery life (less than a day). Many, many users, including myself, cannot be heard when using blue tooth headsets. GPS is spotty at best, and the GPS Maps application is horrible. Music player crashes every time a text message or email comes in, forcing a reboot. Reboot takes ten full minutes. Still no HTML email viewer.

I've been waiting for the Tour since its early rumor days. I am already an addicted Blackberry user for my job.  One thing I notice in general with cell phone reviews, is there is very little time spent commenting on the core function of a cell phone, that being a "Phone."  I made my first call on the Tour and the recipient kept asking me to repeat myself. I didn't think anything of it. I made another call to a friend who said "Are you talking with a sock in your mouth?"  Okay now I'm worried. I'm calling from the same chair where the day before I was using my old Motorola E815 and it was crystal clear.  Finally I leave myself a voice mail. Literally I could not make out the words I said.  Interestingly, the sound that I hear on my end is great so from my perception the call quality is excellent. I figured this has to be defective so I returned it for a replacement. It was exactly the same. I am also concerned that the replacement revealed inconsistent quality in the build of the phone. The battery door had a minor but detectable "jiggle" to it that conveys cheapness.  The track ball on the second one seemed loose as if it were barely touching the rollers. A quick Google on the Tour Battery door revealed the loose battery door is a common complaint. In the end, I had to give up the Tour since nobody could hear me. One more thing because I know somebody is thinking this...no, my finger was not covering the microphone hole. I have a Curve 8330 I use every day for work, it is crystal clear.

Have had the phone for slightly less than one year.  But it's already crapping out on me.I was out on a biz trip back in July.  I turned phone off to recharge it at night.  When I woke up, it was year 2049.  Since my calendar setting was to remove appointments older than 90 days, it wiped all the appointments prior to 2049.  So I was flying blind until I got back to my office.The Internet server is excruciatingly slow.  Sometimes after I hit the submit button, I'll have wait like minutes before it tells me "sorry, there's communication error".If you just wanna call & check emails, this phone is great & has good reception even in remote areas.  But if you want to use 3G features, it just doesn't hold a candle to the iPhone, which is what I'll be getting after my contract expires.Lastly, the track ball is annoying & it's so 80s technology.

I have no general complaints with this phone when it works.  It has a nice screen and a fast web browser for a Blackberry.  The major problem with the phone is a trackball that hardly scrolls horizontally. (which unfortunately is needed for basic top level navigation of the phone's features).  When I took the phone back to the store to complain about the problem, I was told by the rep that there are known issues with this model's trackball (and specifically the horizontal scroll).  I was also told that it is made in several different countries and that the the phones that were made in Canada seem to be the most reliable (take that for what its worth).What prospective buyers should beware of is dealing with Verizon Wireless.  In my opinion, they have extremely unethical business practices and customer service reps that are not empowered to actually help customers with problems.  Despite the fact that I have a long-term relationship with this vendor and that I am an extremely profitable client for them, they have twice refused to provide me with a new replacement phone.  They will instead offer to send you a refurbished phone, which in my experience at least, means that your replacement phone will have something wrong with it as well (and which has a higher chance of breaking again in the future).  I'm on my second try now and they still refuse to send me a new replacement for a phone that never worked.My advice to prospective buyers of this phone would be:1) Put it on a credit card, and if you ultimately have an issue with 60 to 90 days, tell Verizon that you will charge back the purchase if they don't live up to their end of the deal.  If they refuse to handle the issue to your satisfaction, call your credit card company and initiate the charge back process. (Unfortunately, I can't do this as it had to be provisioned through my company.)2) Consider a smart phone on an alternate provider (perhaps the IPhone with AT&T; if you don't need it for serious business use).

I received the camera and looks nice so far. Got a scare at first because I thought it was a CDMA phone but it turns out to be a GSM/CDMA phone and I was able to connect up to my service provider just by inserting my SIM card. the only astetic flaw is the fit of the rear cover but I plan on getting a case for the phone to help keep it looking good. Wish it had the track pad rather than the track ball but it works and it feels as though they made the ball out of a different material possibly, I'll see how long it work well. it connected to my netbook pretty easy. All in all happy with the phone and hopefully it will last a bit longer than my last two blackberries. At least this one had good reviews. For a phone under $200 it's a good deal

So, I have been using blackberries ever since the day they were released with the 8xx model and have since been through almost every model that has come out, including the Storm for one day.  My recent device of choice was the Blackberry Curve II or 8900 which was a EDGE and Wi-Fi enabled blackberry with a beautiful screen and a great keyboard.  The device prior was a Blackberry Bold, which incidentally sparked the new generation of Blackberries.  Today I received my Blackberry Tour 9630 running on the Verizon Wireless network....sorry but the guy in the glasses was nowhere to be seen in the box and or around me.  Jokes aside, the Tour touts the Verizon EVDO network and no Wi-Fi; it does have a SIM so that it can be used globally.  I know there are dozens of reviews on this product so I am not going to go in to the features, I am merely going to try to share my experience with the device after one day.Missing WI-FI: When the device became available I was a little worried that the lack of Wi-Fi might hamper its functionality, especially when doing things that required constant streams of data.  I love TWITTER, as you all know by now, and thus I was worried that using apps such as the beautiful "Tweet Genius" would be cumbersome due to updates coming over the aged CDMA network.  However, much to my surprise the speed is wonderful and I have yet to see any need for the missing Wi-Fi radio.Battery Life: Time will best tell this tale, but as of now the battery stands at a cool 80%.  The battery was fully charged by the time I got the unit in my hands, in fact it had been charged overnight by one of my associates.  I received the unit at about 8am this morning and started the Verizon activation process.  Once activated on the network, I proceeded to do a Blackberry Enterprise Server activation for corporate email, etc.  I have since been using it, rather heavily, for email, twitter, and even streaming financial data.  Battery loss of approximately 20% after almost 11.5 hours of moderate/heavy usage to me is phenomenal, but, as I said time will tell this tale and I will post updates about it when I can.Keyboard: The Tour has a similar keyboard to the bold, except it seems to me that the keys are raised a bit more.  The little addition of height allows for a better feel of the keys thus making typing a breeze.  I was not a huge fan of the Bold keyboard but I do love the Curve II keyboard and now it would seem that this new style keyboard may just be the winner of the bunch.  I am appreciative of the fact that Verizon left the number keys colored RED which AT&T; always wants to re-color to white.  The red actually provides for some contrast and makes using the device a bit more pleasurable.Screen: The screen on the Tour is the same beautiful half VGA (480x360) screen found on the 8900 (Curve II).  It is bright, sharp, and displays 65,000 colors.  Not much more can be said...but it comes close to perfect for the Blackberries.Camera: Again the same as the 8900, a 3.2mp auto focus camera with image stabilization and video capturing abilities.  Yes, there is a flash also for those dark moments.Charging: As with every new cellular device, this has a Micro USB port positioned on its right side...which is a little bit of a bad placement job as it was on the 8900, but, not a deal breaker.  My only gripe here is that I tend to want to use Blackberry Docks and with all of these different devices you must acquire a different dock. #FAIL on the dock not being universal...but accessories make these guys big money and so they do what they must.Sound: The built in speaker is finally right, its not stereo like the Bold but its also not tinny sounding like the 8900.  It sounds great.  The speaker for your ears sounds, to me, equally balanced for once...so it does'nt seem like someone is shouting in your ears..its a well balanced mid range sound.Overall Feel: This Blackberry is HEAVY, and I mean heavy.  Personally I like to know that I am holding on to something and the weight of the 9630 makes it feel solid.  If you are into holsters then you know this thing is on your belt.  Enough said!Final Thoughts: The Tour comes with a newer version of the Blackberry operating system, v4.7.1.40, which is coincidentally used on the Storm.  The OS seems to be well suited for the Tour and is very responsive.  I did notice it stick here or there, but that has only happened 2-3 times and I am certain it was because I was taxing the device.  I am, thus far, quite happy with this new iteration of the Blackberry and hope that I will have many days ahead with it.Box Includes: Blackberry, Battery, AC Adapter w Word Adapter, Micro-USB Cable, Blackberry Ear Buds, Plastic/Pleather Holster, Documentation, Blackberry Desktop Manager SW CD, and a BONUS: 2GB Micro SD CARD.I could go on into much more detail, but it would be redundant as there are thousands of reviews of Blackberries out there...I just wanted to share what I felt and thus the most pertinent observations are above.  Please let me know if any of you are using this device and what your thoughts are.

I had this device for 2 weeks now... I had the old 8700 BB before this so you can imagine my excitement to finally graduate to this new device. BB has done a great job designing the Tour and packing it with all modern day features except WiFi.My disappointment is in the battery life. All these features are great but if you run out of battery then they are useless. I knew from other reviews that this is an issue with this device but I never imagined how bad it was. 6 to 8 hours of battery life is just unrealistic especially for me. I attend many conferences where I would leave my hotel room in the morning and return late at night. Worrying about charging my BB will be a serious issue... the problem is, I can not get the Bold or the Curve 8900 from Verizon. So, i guess i need to adjust to the new battery life :(

I read on Crackberry.com 'replacing your Curve with the Tour is a no brainer - too bad it didn't have WiFi'.Didn't have WiFi - as if the phone would be worth a dime it it did?!I sadly don't think so.I have had my 'Tour' now for a week.The Tour won't download FoxNewsMobile, CNN Mobile or any other mobile application outside of proprietary applications.Further, I use a Plantronics Bluetooth that had zero issues with the Curve but cannot be used with the Tour as nobody can hear you.As far as the phone functionality - I am repeatedly asked if I have people on speakerphone!!I have rated the phone one star as it has been a complete waste of time (probably a full day of sitting in the Verizon store flipping contacts, emails and IM's as well as trying to setup the home screen to a format that was half as functional as the curve).Sadly, I have to sit on old technology because RIM can no longer compete apparently.I was truly hoping to rave that the Iphone holds no merit to my new Blackberry - I can't even keep it...Save a headache - Don't waste your time.

Recently I received a BB Tour from my work. I got it activated and have been using it for the past month or so. I'm a first time BB user so here is my observation so far.1) As a phone, it's not very good. Voice clarity is good some times, bad at most times.2) Contrary to what verizon claims, my calls dropped quite often. I used Sprint and ATT but never dropped a call till date.3) Phone build quality is good. Features are good for a work based life.4) I haven't used it to send and received SMS/MMS so no comments about it.5) Typing is easy and track ball is supportive. In fact, you can configure how trackball moves etc6) Screen is bright and clear even in day light7) Verizon signal quality is good for data (not for voice)8) If you need to send lot of emails/texts, get this phone. If not, keep away from it and get a Samsung or Sony phone. Their voice quality is 100 times better.9) Music on headphones is excellent. I heard some online radio stations and quality is better than my car radio.Hope this helps.-Sam.

Had the Blackberry Bold on ATT and switched to Verizon... My service is definitely better, but am not able to get BBMs or email while on the phone, gotta check with Verizon on that.  I've had a blackberry for three years, definitely a good upgrade... The camera is awesome, BBM 5.0 is amazing... I'll never go back to another phone, Blackberry 4 Life!

I had tried theBlackBerry Storm 9530 Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless)and found the touch and press screen difficult to use, but my main problem was with all the bugs and having to reboot the phone frequently (sometimes 3-4 times an hour at 4-5 minutes each time). I returned it to Verizon and waited impatiently for this new phone. I haven't been disappointed. It works beautifully and has excellent sound quality.While waiting for the Tour, I used theApple iPod touch 8 GB (2nd Generation) LATEST MODELto get my e-mail and access the Internet via wi-fi. No doubt the iPhone's email and browser are the same; they are far superior to BlackBerry's implementation of these features; however, I'll take the BlackBerry version and stick with Verizon rather than move to AT&T.;If you have never owned a BlackBerry, then the learning curve is steep. Verizon offers very helpful BlackBerry workshops, which are more useful than the documentation that comes with their phones. I also highly recommend reading the section of the User Guide (available online and on the CD boxed with the phone) that covers shortcuts; it will make using the phone a whole lot easier.

I recently purchased the Blackberry Tour 9630 for work. Since Blackberry has been around for awhile I expected this phone to be a perfect 10. It works great for emails and texting. It works ok for internet and phone calls.PROS:-Large screen makes viewing emails, texts, web pages easy-Slightly raised buttons makes texting/typing easy-Large selection of preloaded rings, alerts, alarms, etc-Easy to navigate between apps-Battery last a long time considering how much I use the phoneCONS:-Slightly heavier than previous versions-Internet does not work all of the time (not sure if its a Verizon issue or not)-When I answer/call someone my first words are often not heard on the other end-Phone must be held in a exact position so you can be heard clearly

I became a fan of Blackberry unwillingly. I was getting a new phone via my work and I had to give up my Palm Treo 755p (a phone which I LOVED btw). I received the Blackberry Bold a little over a year ago and almost immediately noticed a few things: First, the phone was really quite nice. Thin, the screen was simply unbelievable, and second, it was nowhere NEAR as user-friendly out of the box as the aging Palm platform. Say what you want about the older Palm phones, but they were designed so it took maybe 10 minutes TOPS and you were a virtual expert at almost everything the phone could do. NOT so with Blackberry. However, I slowly got away from accidentally reaching for a non-existent stylus or reaching to touch the screen (after all, I had been used to touch screens for quite some time...) I finally, slowly, became a major fan of the Blackberry system.I loved the keyboard on the Bold, the speakers (man were they good, too) and most of all, I LOVED the e-mailing accessability of a Blackberry. When it started to go south on me, I naturally assumed I'd be getting another Bold to replace it, imagine my surprise and utter disappointment when my replacement turned out to be the newest Windows Mobile 6.5 Tilt 2. Sure its a nice LOOKING phone, but other than that, I really have nothing nice to say about it. If you want to know in detail how much I LOATHED it, go see my review here at amazon.Long story short, now I'm on Verizon and the option of a Bold or the Bold 9700 is simply not available. The next best thing was the Tour. I sure wished it had an optical trackpad like the new Bold or some of the cheaper new Curve's, but somehow I'll find the courage to go on. The Tour has an almost identical keyboard as the Bold, however the keyboard is decidedly narrower. This is purely a personal thing with each individual smartphone user, some love it, some don't, I fall somewhere in between. Honestly, I liked the original Bold's wider profile. The keys were spaced enough apart that writing up a text message or even a longer e-mail was a breeze with very few mistakes. The new Tour, while not a great deal smaller overall than the Bold, is enough so that it almost feels like a toy by comparison (same with my wife's Curve 8330). Since the keys are much closer, it took a bit to get used to. I STILL really like it, but all things considered, I really prefer pretty much everything about the original Bold.Other than that, lets dive into some additional particulars: The speaker is actually wonderful. Whether you have it on speakerphone or not, the sound (so far) is fantastic, crisp, clear and miraculously better than my embarassingly weak Tilt 2. I read quite a few reviews here trashing the audio quality of the 9630, but so far, my experience is the exact opposite.I LOVE the lock button and mute button on top. Would've RATHER seen an actual switch similar to what my Treo had. Going into a meeting where audio wasn't welcome, I'd just flip that switch, and immediately the phone would give a small vibrate to let me know it was now set to do just that without audio. Something ALL smartphones should adopt. I created an audio profile right away, but I have noticed that annoyingly, when I have the phone on Silent, I'll receive a text message and the phone will beep anyways. I took it in and the rep explained to me a very long, techno-babble filled reason why, which DID make sense, but why then did my Bold NOT have this issue and I set it up literally exactly the same? It's been a pain, I'll be honest. If I manually set my phone to 'Silent' I dang-well expect THAT to be the over-riding profile, and to be honest, it simply makes NO sense WHY any other would take precedence. Its simply a design flaw the should be fixed. Pure and simple.I have noticed a small lag in between exiting out of one program to another, and so I took the advice of someone at another website, and instead of simply exiting a particular program by hitting the 'Back' key, I officially 'Close' out each program first. Blackberry's have the ability to run multiple apps at one time, therefore the more it runs, the slower it will run. Good advice for ANYONE who owns a BB. Since doing so, my phone runs MUCH quicker.I quickly downloaded the newest BB Messenger off the internet--MUCH better than what came stock. It was free, too. I used to have this on my Bold, making me wonder why after all this time the Tour didn't come with it out of the box? (RIM Hello??)The phone feels sturdy and well manufactured, a HUGE step UP from the older first generation Curves, which as I mentioned earlier, seemed so small and lightweight (to ME) that they almost felt like a cheap toy or display model. I like how the Tour feels in my hands, especially the rubberized coating around the back and sides.The camera was certainly a step UP from my original Bold and looks to me better than the 3.2 MP camera (without flash) on my Tilt 2. I must admit that the shutter lag can be quite frustrating, but hey, its a PHONE...I don't really rely on it to take permanent home photos, I have a camera for that...but when I want to capture something out of nowhere while on the go, yeah, this one is more than adequate for my needs.As always, set up of my e-mail was a snap and about as simple as can be. Nobody does Push e-mail like BB's do, NOBODY...at least not yet. I'm a bit curious why after all this time no other major manufacturer has been able to mimic the immediate e-mail arrival ability to the extent that BB's have had for quite some time now.The screen, believe it or not has a few more pixels than even the slightly larger Bold, meaning an even BETTER viewing experience overall...which is saying a LOT. The original Bold had the same number of pixels as the iphone and the Pre, but crammed together in a smaller screen which translates to a gorgeous and vibrant, very colorful screen. My Tilt 2 had even MORE pixels, and yet was nowhere near as vibrant as the iphone, Pre or the newer BB's. Why? I have no idea...it just wasn't.One tiny gripe: why they had to change the plug-in from the mini USB port to a slightly different one is simply beyond me. The mini's were great and worked wonderful...now everything I USED to have for my Bold is unusable here. Sure its a small gripe, but in my opinion, a valid one. Find something and dangit, STICK to it!So far the Verizon service has been light YEARS ahead of what AT&T; saddled me with for over a year. Their commercials claiming to have 3G service equal to Verizons is quite honestly a JOKE. Sure, AT&T; has some abilities that Verizon's 3G service doesn't, but what GOOD is talking on the phone and surfing the 'net if in fact you haven't got a decent signal to begin with, huh? I'm sure that coverage in large cities around the country isn't a problem, but out where I live, Verizon is so much better, that AT&T; is quite honestly a joke by comparison. Sorry, but its true.I downloaded the free Bolt web browser, and I have to say, it's pretty snappy and impressive all things considered. 'Course I wasn't really all that dissastisfied with the original BB browser to begin with. It may not be what you can find with a Droid, iphone or the Pre, but heck, I've got the Web on my phone and it certainly LOOKS pretty good to me, so I don't really care all that much. Viewing full html sites on a screen this small isn't what I consider heavy duty stuff anyway...for that I'd much rather have my PC.Battery life seems about average to me as well...I'd say on par with the Bold, and yet a HUGE step up from my Tilt 2. I wish there was a free app which allows me to keep the keyboard unlit unless I want it to be, that alone helps save a great deal of juice. My Treo had a free program I found called 'Power Hero' and it gave several, simple to apply options for saving power, the keyboard being just one. I noticed a very recognizable jump in how much power my Treo had once I began using it. There very well may be a 3rd party app which will do the same for BB's, but so far, I haven't stumbled upon it (and to be entirely honest, I really haven't looked all that hard for it either). I tend to be annoyingly anal when it comes to making sure my phone has plenty of battery power, so I constantly plug it in. I see so many people whose phones run out of power when they really need them the most, and I wonder why they don't make plugging in their phones a bigger priority, but oh well--that doesn't seem to be a problem I have.I get tired of the same old theme on my phones and I have discovered some of the many free Blackberry Themes you can find and download OTA on various websites. Some are way cool, while some are kinda silly. The idea here though is the opportunity to customize your phone however you want it. If you want a different photo as your main image, just set any in your phone, or take one or heck, e-mail one to yourself and save it as your home screen and voila! It's done. Some additional themes allow further customization, which of course you need to experiment with yourself to find which one you like in particular. A VERY cool way to make your BB different from everyone elses, and something the iphone doesn't allow without 3rd party apps.All things considered, I am VERY happy and satisfied with the Tour. Give it more internal memory--which at this point you have to wonder WHY it wasn't--but anyway, put an optical trackpad on it and I'd dare say it'd be the perfect smartphone. At the minimum, new phones really shouldn't be released without at least 1GB internal memory--OR the ability to download everything you want directly to your expansion card (another weird quirk the Tour doesn't allow but really SHOULD, especially based on the embarassingly little on-board memory that comes stock with). It really wouldn't take much to make this about the greatest business/entertainment tool available. RIM is known for listening to consumers and giving them what they want...well guys, here it is. The next Tour should have this all ironed out. I'm locked into this phone for 2 years, but at the time when it comes for an upgrade, I certainly have plans to use nothing else but a Blackberry--and I'll stay loyal as long as they don't sit on their thumbs the way Palm did for much, much too long.Personally, I am a fan of BB's and unless something drastic happens, I don't see buying anything else for a very long time to come.****UPDATE****Over the weekend I noticed a new icon on my screen saying that an update was available for my Tour, so I naturally installed it. Overall, I must admit that I REALLY like the new update. It alters a few things (in the Positive) and I only have 2 small minor complaints regarding what changed, that I feel shouldn't have. Lets begin with what I DID like:First off, an icon or two updated slightly to look different than before, namely the MMS Texting icon. It only SLIGHTLY changed in appearance, but once you open it up, the change is VERY obvious. In fact, they have changed texting so that it looks (in essence) pretty much exactly the same as Blackberry Messenger does (at least the most RECENT BB Messenger). I think this is a GREAT move! I MUCH prefer BBM than regular texting--and now I have both. The inclusion of emoticons in texting is a nice plus as well (most phones offer this in regular texting, so it was about time that BB did this for something other than using Messenger).One thing I REALLY love about owning a BB is being able to edit Auto Text, and basically create my own shortcuts while texting or messaging someone. Within the MMS/Text, all I had to do was hit the BB button and scroll down a couple places and voila, there it was. For some reason, edit Auto Text is no longer available within the MMS/Text options. It is still available within BB Messenger, but just not text. My question is simple: WHY?? It used to be a snap to create a shortcut while texting someone, but now I have a few more steps to complete (annoying steps at that) to do the same thing. I am slightly disappointed that they improved so much, and yet even though they took several steps ahead with the new OS, I can't help but say that it also included a small step back, too. If you do not use edit Auto Text, this won't bother you at all--however, if you use it regularly like I do, well, lets just say it'll get on your nerves a bit pretty quickly.I found a new theme came along with the new OS and I REALLY like it. At first it looks very inspired by Jamaica--but other than that, I really like they layout and the colors--WOW, the colors are so amazingly vibrant that it really stands out. Backup Assistant is also a new icon that magically appeared. It allows you to save all of your contacts and do it Over The Air (OTA) seamlessly. You can schedule it to update whenever you want so that if you add a new contact and forget to do it, don't worry, the phone will do it FOR you. I wish that they had designed a FULL phone restore as well. As we all know, it can take a while to organize and customize your BB, and if for any reason you have to wipe the phone to factory specs, it would be downright AWESOME if you could ALSO hit a backup/restore that would make it EXACTLY the same as it was before you had to wipe it. I know Palm does this along with several other phones...it'd be nice if BB offered it as well--and I mean doing it OTA and NOT using your PC, because you never know if/when something like this can happen, so if you do not have access to your office or home PC, you could still do it. I'm just sayin'...There are a couple of minor new touches, such as when you are scheduling an appointment in your calendar, and you set the time, that looks entirely new (and fresh, too)...but overall, the rest of the fuctions that I have used (so far) look and act pretty much as usual and as expected. I HAVE experienced a few snags with my trackball--but I had the same experience with my former Bold as well as my wife and daughter having same issues with their older Curve's...just a little alcohol on a cotton swab rubbed over the ball usually clears it up pretty quick. I must say the few times I have seen others with BB's using the new optical trackpad, well have set off a bit of jealousy in me, but I have to remember that MY phone does plenty that their 8830's do NOT do--at least not yet.  All in all I am still VERY satisfied with my phone, the quality, how wonderfully thin it is and how reliable the Verizon network has been (especially compared with how abysmal AT&T; is in my particular area). At this point I seriously doubt I'll be leaving Blackberry anytime soon...which I believe says it ALL.

I really, really *wanted* to like the Blackberry Tour.  I'm committed to Verizon and, as much as I'd love an iPhone or a Palm Pre, I won't switch cellphone providers just to get one.  I was interested in the Blackberry Storm when it first came out but -- after reading the reviews and playing with one that was purchased by a friend who's also a committed to Verizon -- I realized that it wasn't at all what I wanted, that RIM hadn't yet figured out how to do a touch-screen device.So on the basis of reading reviews, I opted to upgrade my Pearl for a Tour a little less than a month ago.And yesterday, I returned the Tour to Verizon and reactivated my Pearl.Compared to the Pearl, I found the trackball on the Tour sticky and slow, sometimes downright unresponsive.  The voice quality on the Tour's earpiece -- particularly when listening to Verizon voicemail -- is muddy, muffled.  And the phone-dialing capabilities of the device are infuriating: Sometimes pressing a number key registers, sometimes it doesn't (typically, it took me 2-3 tries to enter a phone number), and sometimes depressing a single number key while process of entering a phone number results in calling the speed-dial entry for that number.  I guess the bottom line is that the keyboard and track-ball are slow and unresponsive, and the sound quality is mediocre to poor ... and the thing is twice the size and weight of the Pearl, a huge brick in my pocket that gave nothing back in exchange for the extra size and weight.So now, the Pearl is back in my pocket and I'm really appreciating it.  Maybe I'll keep it forever.

I have been a BB user for years and used many devices on many carriers in my time.  The Blackberry Tour 9630 is by far the worst phone ever made by RIM.  Let's start with the most obvious flaw... the trackball.  It doesn't work.  Period.  There is a serious manufacturing issue with this phone and none of them have working trackballs.  I have had mine replaced more times than I can count and I still don't have a working phone.The keyboard is poorly designed.  I came from the 8830 WE, and there is no comparison.  I do like the keys all being together more than say the Curve, but the indicidual buttons on the Tour do not have ridges like the 8830 WE.  They have odd little despressions on the corners that make it very hard to type on, plus the keyboard being smaller than the 8830 WE.The speed of the phone while using the OS is very slow.  Slower than the Curve or 8830 WE.  I am not sure how they accomplished this with supposedly better hardware in the Tour, but they did.Stay away from this phone if you want one that will actually work.

I received my Blackberry Tour through Verizon, however there are not too many reviews, so I decided to write one myself. I am a USA customer and Verizon has the best network for places I go. I did have a Blackberry Pearl and liked that, but it eventually was not functioning right and could not be fixed. The contract was up, but only flip Pearls were available, so when I saw the Tour I decided to go with it.Appearance is very classy, in my opinion, suitable for a man or woman. There are plenty of cases to customize to personal taste. Quality of product is obvious. I've recently purchased a Seidio Extended battery and I am very happy with it's performance also. The Blackberry battery does not do justice to the phone. I actually find that the Seidio battery cover has a snugger fit for my Tour. Plus I like that if I set my phone down, the camera lens is off a surface, because of the cover's thickness.Functionality is amazing to me! I am still learning about all the things my Tour is capable of and appreciate that I can have so much in one device! I have purchased a few apps to enhance things and my Blackberry keeps performing beautifully. I am truly understanding the addiction and affection people have for Blackberry.I happen to like the trackball, but then I have not tried a Blackberry Bold. There are online sites that explain care for Blackberry devices, cleaning and maintenance, so I expect to have mine for awhile. Also, you can find replacement parts, if you are confident enough to do this. I like the keys and have no trouble using them. Maybe someone with larger fingers would. But give it a chance! Try in store and see if your perception is right on or not for you.Pandora sounds surprisingly nice. I guess I was not expecting much in the way music would sound. I am happily suprised. Now to Bluetooth it to my vehicle stereo!I am sure other Blackberry users could add to my review. I hope this helps someone decide if they would like an enterprise functioning phone or one for entertainment. With all that I am still learning and discovering about my Tour I think I have the best of both!

I like the build of this phone.  It's nice and solid.  The software is great.  The Browser is fabulous and displays whole pages, a major improvement over my 8330 Curve.  The high resolution screen is a thing of beauty.  Able to read very small fonts and they are crystal clear.  I'm amazed at the sharpness.  I prefer the little trackball to the touchpad thing on the new Curve so I got this Tour.  I also find the GPS is flawless after being unworkable on my old Curve.  My only complaint is the VERY VERY short battery life I have been getting.  I used to get 2 days on the Curve and am now lucky to get 6 hours with this.  I always get asked 'Do you use it a lot?' when I mention it.  Well, I'm sure if I shut it off and put it on a shelf the battery would last all day.  But to compare it to the Curve which I used just as much, the battery life is awful.  I have it plugged in a few hours per day!  I bought a charger for work, and one for the bedside and I have one in the car.  I have the USB cable to charge it from the computer but it apparently is only able to charge at the same rate it depletes.  All the positives for this phone do not matter if you can't take it anyplace without dragging a long extension cord with you to keep it plugged in.  My cell phone service provider allows you to walk in to any retail location and exchange your depleted battery for a freshly charged one So I suppose if you map your day carefully you can easily get from store to store and this is not an issue.

hola buenos dias en el mes de febrero adquiri un telefono blackberry tour 9630 (verizon wireless), el cual me llego a  mediados del mes de abril en perfecto estado, me diriji con el a un agente autorizado de la movistar que es una de las telefonias que se encuentran en venezuela, en donde queria que me lo configuraran para trabajar con GSM y asi disfrutar de todas las aplicaciones del equipo, por lo que despues de una hora de espera me decian que el equipo estaba bloqueado y muchas cosas mas, luego lo lleve a un agente autorizado de la blackberry donde me indicaron que los intentos para desbloquear fueron agotados, por lo que tengo el equipo bloqueado y no le di ni tan siquiera un dia de uso, quisiera saber si atraves de ustedes puedo volver a revivir este equipo o no tiene solucion este problema; en la actualidad cuando coloco la tarjeta SIM me aparece el siguiente mensaje (MEP check fouled. Do you want to enter MEP unlock code&iquest; SI  NO ). porque hace poco compre otro telefono blackberry bold (verizon wireless), y me lo configuraron en la blackberry sin ningun inconveniente y lleve el blackberry bloqueado al mismo  tecnico y me dijo lo mismo que agotaron los diez intentos que el trae. de tener un solucion por favor hacer del conocimiento de lo contrario tambien opor favor

11/2010 REVIEW UPDATE: Ok, so I was the last person on Earth to use The Tour. I purchased mine on the very first day of issue, it worked great, I loved it, I didn't have any of the problems other reviewer commented on.....until mid October when the track ball started to go jumpy-crazy on me. So yes, I now see how terrible that can be! But it took over 1 1/2 years for the darn thing to go on me. Long story short, I am now the happy (so far) owner of the Verizon Blackberry Bold with a track pad, WiFi (very good feature), etc., etc. Amazon doesn't seem to carry the Bold so there will be no reviews on this site from me and my Bold. Ciao and over and out!7/29/10 REVIEW UPDATE: Device still going strong. This is what it does: make and receive phone calls in the US and abroad, receive and send emails for multiple accounts easily, text quickly with the querty keyboard, use simple but helpful apps such as Open Table, Google Maps, [...], Kindle reader(!),Spider Solitaire. It is just ok for web surfing. Perfect for quick fact checking but not leisurely browsing. It needs charging about every two days with moderate use, every night for a few hours with heavy use. It has never run out of power in the middle of the day. It is a useful device rather than a fun device. It does it's job. I don't use the Blue Tooth function so can't comment on that feature. I don't expect to receive email while I am talking on the phone so don't see the problem there. The camera is perfectly fine and I use it often.  Here are the minuses: track ball can be pokey at times, sometimes this is a physical problem and sometimes it's related to malfunctioning apps. When the phone is receiving data the track ball will freeze for a second or two. This can be unsettling but if I see the little data arrows on the upper right hand corner, I understand that I might have to pause as well for a sec. I dropped the phone and found that the trackball wouldn't move easily as it was pressing against the rim. I moved the ball with my finger nail and everything went back to normal. (Now, I occasionaly check to see if the track ball is properly "centered", if not I do the fingernail thing).  Hard reboot! The only way to really reboot the device is to remove and replace the battery! Some apps (Spider Solitaire) cause the device to hang and removing and replacing the battery is the only fix. Will I get another Blackberry when my contract is up? Will certainly consider it....along with Verizon's Android offering.  Am not a touch screen fan.10/22/09 REVIEW UPDATE: Almost perfect device! No sound or trackball issues! I read some of the other reviews and it seems like two completely different devices are being critiqued! How can this be?9/21/09 REVIEW UPDATE: Still very happy! I've owned the phone for almost two months now and The Tour is part of my daily life. It continues to be easy to use, fast and even kind of fun. The sound quality is good, the screen is amazing and Verizon service is the best available anywhere you go in the US. (In case you haven't noticed it, AT&T; service stinks). There is no "problem" with the Tour's track ball although I've noticed that when the device is receiving data (and this can be fairly often if you get lots of email, texts, rss feeds and the like) the screen and track ball freeze momentarily. Its more like a stutter than a long interruption....but it does happen.  Another minor irritation is the way the keys are angled up and to the right on the left side of the key board and up and to the left on the right side of the key board. This seems as if it would be ergonomic and more productive for thumb typing, but I find it less comfortable and slower than my last Blackberry which had wider flat keys. One handed typing, say for number entering/phone calling, is much more difficult with the angled keys. As for apps, more and more are available every week through Blackberry App World. I do have to charge the phone once a day, but it charges very quickly, in just a few hours. So far, very, very good!7/30/09 Great device! Works great! Excellent sound quality! Ultra Fast! Looks sexy. Feels good. Battery door secure! I use Blackberry Internet Service for email and it is seamless, and extremely easy to set up and maintain. Verizon tech support via phone is fast, responsive and speaks English! Used Media Sync to sync an ITunes playlist on to device. Transfered pictures easily between device and computer. Camera takes great pictures...for a phone. My only nit-picky complaint is that there are not enough apps yet, but there are more that become available every week. I am absolutely delighted!Original review:I've had the Tour for about a week now. I had been anxiously waiting for this Verizon Blackberry hybrid-cross between the Bold and the Curve for months after my contract ended on a Neanderthal 8700G with T-Mobile and I was afraid that my expectations would exceed reality. I have to say that I am very, very pleased!The device is beautiful, black and solid in one's hand. The screen is large and clear. The buttons are all in logical positions. The software is a vast improvement over earlier versions. The camera is 3.2 mp auto focus and takes better than average pictures....for a smart phone.I am still getting used to the qwerty keyboard....the keys are small, smooth and strangely angled. There must be an ergonomic reason for the up and to the side tilt to each key but my thumbs are resisting the logic!The track ball is slightly recessed and is easy to use (and the horizontal and vertical sensitivity is adjustable).Making and receiving phone calls is a snap. The call reception has been clear and virtually distortion free. I have no muffled sound experience reported in other reviews. Even on a noisy sidewalk, I am told that the sound quality is clear and crisp. I took the Tour up to a cabin in the Lake District of Northern Minnesota and it worked seamlessly. Calls, texts, and browsing as if I were home in Manhattan.My biggest pleasure so far is the lightening speed of receiving email! In HTML! And web browsing! And Googling! Fast, fast, fast.One complaint is that web pages are still a bit too small for really enjoyable browsing. And there is no touch screen to enlarge areas with fancy finger work a la IPhone. One can choose between "Column View" or "Zoom In" but sometimes neither option gets things really the size one would like.Why can't this thing ring and vibrate simultanously? Seems like a silly oversight but the Blackberry engineers must have some reason behind it. You can buy an ap to fix this problem....but?Another caveat is that the BlackBerry App Store is not fully stocked with Apps yet. The choice is still slim and sort of pathetic compared to the big, sexy, fully loaded "candy shop" of selections for the IPhone.The pre-loaded Blackberry Map application worked very well with the GPS function turned on. In fact, it navigated better than the Garmin Nuvi on the dashboard of the car.So far, I am sold on this baby.Will continue to report in the weeks ahead.

I have very much looked forward to having a BlackBerry that was a cross between the Bold and the Curve.  The Bold is beautiful, multi-functional, and has quite a nice leather-ish back, plus it has both WiFi and 3G, but the big size is kind of a turnoff.  Besides, it's on the AT&T; network, which is expensive since minutes, data and messaging are included separately.  (One of the reasons I had to cancel and give up on the iPhone 3G, as much as it pained me to do so.)  The Curve is smaller, lighter and has WiFi on the T-Mobile network, but no 3G.  What is a multitasking mobile girl to do?  Why, I got the BlackBerry Tour 9360, of course!  The Tour, while beautiful and functional, is not free of flaws, but more on those later.The Tour is a little larger than the Curve 8900, but not by much.  It is available on the Sprint and Verizon networks, and it is a CDMA/3G EV-DO phone.  This replaces the old World phone.  The look of it is quite nice.  Black with silver/chrome edges (Verizon's Tour's edges are somewhat darker) and with a slick black finish on the back, it is indeed very attractive.  (However, the battery cover feels a little flimsy to my taste, like it would break if I accidentally dropped it.)  It's got the latest BB operating system, which means you will get the neon-like menus.  The resolution is gorgeous, much brighter than the Bold's, and that is saying a lot!  The QWERTY keyboard is smaller than the Bold's though, and it might take some getting used to the slightly sparse keys, depends on what rocks your boat.  With Verizon you get VCast and with Spring you get the Sprint Music Store.  Both networks are similar in speed and voice quality, but I admit that the phone calls sound better on the Sprint network.  You get all of the goodies -- applications from BB's App World, the Mobile Office applications that go well with push e-mail (the main reason why I switched to the BlackBerry), FaceBook, AIM, and RIM's new multimedia functions. You can watch YouTube videos, but there is no dedicated YouTube app. The phone is quite good, but there are some areas that need improvement.  For example:Poor Battery Life: You will have to charge this baby up at least twice a day if you're one of those people who can't put their BlackBerry down or has to use multiple functions.Crashes/Lags too Much:  It's very frustrating to have to remove the battery, put it back in and do a force reboot because of some glitch that shows up from nowhere or because the phone is lagging.  I hope there will be a firmware update that will fix this problem soon.No WiFi:  I knew I had to give this wonderful function up when I decided to get this phone.  Alas, I still have the iPhone.  Even though I can't make calls with it because I've cancelled service with AT&T;, I can not only still use the iPod feature, but also watch YouTube videos, download songs from iTunes and surf the web via Wifi.  It's like an iPod Touch now, really.Doesn't Sync with a Mac: Well, it can sync with a Mac, but only with buggy third party software like PocketMac.TrackBall is Tricky:  It either moves too fast or doesn't move at all at times.  This isn't a big deal, but it's nevertheless irritating at times.A Mediocre Browser:  Even though the BB browser can now load HTML web pages, it is still a far cry behind Mobile Safari (iPhone), WebOS (Palm Pre) and Android (G1).  The browser is slow, especially if you allow scripts to load, and you need the trackball to zoom in and out and scroll up and down and side to side.  Very time consuming and annoying.  And no matter how much you zoom in, you still have to strain your eyes to read the content.That is all I can think of at the moment.  All in all, it is a good phone, one of the best smartphones on the market now, in fact.  If you're not into touchscreen (I do, but having used the iPhone, I wanted my next phone not to be touchscreen) and love BlackBerry, then get the Tour.  It's got a more updated look, plus all the things you love about the BB.  Choose which network works best for you.  (I tested both for review.)  As for me, I chose the Sprint network because of its affordable data/voice/messaging package bundle and good network capabilities in this area.  However, the Verizon version has a more marketable appeal to it, and better looking too, even with the complaints about call quality and whatnot.  It's your choice.

This is my first Blackberry.  I am not computer savy but I did do research before choosing this phone.  The phone was purchased Friday night.  Saturday morning I tried to use the different functions.  No problem.  The keys are easy to use in spite of the size.  I spent time trying the keys on many phones and at ATT, Sprint, Verizon, etc.  I was able to use these the first time and there were no errors.  As a phone, I have found the reception quite clear, as did the people I have called.  There have been no dropped calls so far.  The Blackberry Tour did slow down a couple of times but not enough to be bothersome.  There is one con.  The battery drains quickly.  This was not a deal breaker for me but it might be for others.

I'll list the bad stuff first, then the good stuff, so make sure you read it all...I waited 6 months for the phone to come out, then waited a month to buy one so as not to risk getting a "buggy" new one.After the purchase on Aug 7, my results were as follows:  Transmit audio quality is poor (low treble) with the built in mic unless I cup my hand around the bottom of the phone, so the other person has a hard time understanding me sometimes; trackball motion is extremely erratic - it moves anywhere from 0% to 100% of what was expected, but usually 20% to 50%, and far too often it doesn't move at all - one time I rolled it SEVEN times before it even budged; keyboard has a nice feel but I am new to BB so it will take a little getting used to typing with my thumbs - but I have XL hands and I can see that it is completely workable - I am a little slow, but I make almost NO typos, which is way better than I did on the Storm or the iPhone when testing them; the back is loose, making it feel cheap; screen quality and sound are amazing; photo quality seems very good but I am not fussy about that since the camera is an "extra" to me; headphones are decent, but they sound much bassier (better) when you hold them in your ear.My favorite features: 1) INSTANT email reception; 2) automatic synching with my work MS Outlook email and contacts; 3)Pandora! I have never had an iPod, and now that I have Pandora, I realize that I would have probably loved having an iPod all these years, but I also realize how much time and money I saved because I would have spent a lot of both collecting music - but now I can listen to great tunes on Pandora all the time for free - it's amazing! 4) When you hover over a phone number in the browser, you can simply click on the number and dial it - very awesome idea! 5) I HAVE a working browser everywhere I go - sure it's not as fast as a desktop with broadband, but it pretty much does what I hoped it would do. (I had trouble logging into eBay for the first week, in fact eBay support told me BlackBerry was not supported, but then for some reason it started working last week. One of my online banks works, but I can't log into citibank.com. Also, I thought I could use the phone and the brower at the same time. At least the manual seems to say you can, as long as you are on 3G service. Well, my phone has never displayed the 3G icon, and sure enough I cannot use the browser while on the phone. And I happen to live right next door to a Verizon Wireless corporate office. So I have just written off that feature as not working. If some day I can see a 3G icon on the phone, or can use the browswer while on the phone, I guess I'll be pleasantly surprised.  6) Cell coverage is very good; 7) Battery life seems excellent (I turned the backlighting down to 10% from the default of 100% which made it even better); 8) The email shortcut keys are very intuitive (R, C, T, B, F, etc.) - this is old news to someone with BB experience, but BB is new to me, so I was happy to learn these (hint - read the included shortcuts guide!); 9) The included hip holster:  Although my wife says hip holsters are "for old men", I LOVE it and I wear it constantly. It provides great protection, extreme convenience, and hibernates the phone when you holster it, and wakes it up when you unholster it. Really nice design! I carry it so that the phone is horizontal with the headphone jack facing up, since I am always listening to Pandora now, as I said earlier.After only 2 weeks with the BlackBerry, my wife said I am clearly addicted, and I guess it's true.  For example, we were sitting in a restaurant (which she found online while I was driving), and she asks "what does this word mean ...?"  and in 15 seconds I am on dictionary.com looking it up. Very handy.I was getting VERY sick of the Trackball not moving, so yesterday I went into a Verizon dealer and tried an employee's Tour, and wow - it was completely different!  His sensitivity settings were still on 70/70 just like mine, but his trackball WORKED! So today I went back to BestBuy and returned my phone for another one. The sales girl said mine was working fine (and I must admit, she seemed to navigate a little bit better than I could, but only a little - - she claimed I was pressing down too hard while rolling, but I swear I was barely touching the ball). So I got a new one, and it is NIGHT AND DAY different from the original one. The trackball moves 100% as expected every single time I roll it, and the back is not loose at all.  So now I have to ask Verizon/Qualcomm/RIM: Why did that original phone even leave the factory? It was defective, as I now know. Why let customers do your quality control? What a hassle that was!  Spent 90 minutes at the store getting the new phone, and that was AFTER I had already wiped the old one clean at home.  So my advice is, if you get a lemon like I did, don't get stuck with it for two years - go ahead and try another one. You may find it to be a completely different experience from the original one.Oh - one more minor complaint: the volume control buttons are "context sensitive", which was probably considered a "feature" when they designed it. But I find it annoying that I cannot turn the volume down on the phone or the Pandora radio unless the screen is on "awake" mode and the program I am using (i.e. the phone call or the Pandora program) is the ACTIVE program on the screen. So for example if I am listing to Pandora but reading email, I cannot turn the Pandora volume down until I first switch applications back to Pandora. Seems very strange to me that what appears to be a hardware-level control is actually software-level not hardware-level. I would like to be able to configure the volume controls so that they work while the phone is holstered if I want them to.Another one: I am VERY scared of breaking the headphones. The wires are super thin and seem flimsy. I am being super cautious with them, because I am betting a new pair is not cheap!Overall, I love the BlackBerry Tour, and can't imagine how I lived without a BlackBerry all these years. Every once in a while, a tool or device appears in your life that really changes your life for the better. My first car was such a device, and this, my first BlackBerry, is another such device.My rating for Tour #1:  2 Stars  (due to horrible trackball, loose back)My rating for Tour #2: 4.5 Stars  (would be 5 Stars if the transmit audio was a little better; after all it IS a phone too, right?)

After 2 weeks, the trackball stopped responding well, and the screen freezes at the lower 25%...making most things unreadable...and no wifi option, like the bold.  If you are not travelling abroad, go with an iphone...otherwise, stick with your world phone, or switch to a bold...wish i had.

I tried two Tours and couldn't take it anymore.  I got an 8830 and it actually works.  Here's my analogy...would you rather have a Mercedes (Bberry Tour) that's in the shop, or a Toyota (8830) that you can drive?  Here is my list of complaints and comments on the Tour:1) The trackball didn't work correctly on the first one.  On both Tours, I realized I would accidentally hit the trackball when my left thumb would go to the right side of the keyboard.  (For me typing the word "you" was the problem.)  The "bump" would make the cursor jump in my typing and mess up the sentence.  On my 8830 the trackball is farther away and I don't have the cursor jumping issue.  If your thumbs stay on their side of the keyboard, it's likely not a problem for you.2) The sound is horrible. Remember the old TV shows where people disguised their voices talking through a handkerchief?  RIM brought that technology to the Tour!  Everyone complained they couldn't hear me...like I was muffled.  (I did a test and heard it too.)  And that was on the HANDSET!  The speakerphone was worse because I was quiet and muffled.  Bluetooth was unusuable.  Really I'd say the Tour is a great device, if you don't need to use it as a phone!3) Battery life is horrible.  After about 2 hours of talk time and maybe 5 of standby it was dead.  I used to talk 8 hours on my previous bberry and it could go days on standby.  What happened?4) GPS worked great on my first one but couldn't lock on my location in under 10 minutes on my second one.  It made me realize it didn't work on the second one correctly. Unfortuately Verizon disables the GPS on the 8830 so I didn't win on that point.  I did love the GPS with Google Maps on the Tour.5) The media player was fine.  It crashed watching certain MP4 movies but I only watched a few so I don't know the cause.6) Camera and video camcording were great actually...at least cell phone great.My advice is to get the Tour, make sure you don't have a trackball problem, and make sure you give your phone to someone else and have them call you so you know the pain that others will feel when talking to you.  For me, it was unbearable to have people say "what?" 5 times per conversation.  But to each his own...

I have had the tour for a little of two weeks.  This is my 4th Blackberry and is my favorite by far.  I have had the 8830 World, Curve, Storm and now the Tour.Pros:Camera - Has the same MP as the storm but the quality is much better.Screen - The resolution wicked, very crisp and bright.Menus - They are much more user friendly.  Reminds me of the Storm's menus.Size - Sits between the Curve and the Bold.  Very comfortable in the handSpeed - Almost as fast as the Bold and much faster then the other Blackberrys on Verizon Wireless.Home screen dialing - This is by far my favorite feature.  You just starting typing the name or the number of the person that you want to call and the name pops up and you click to dial.  No need to go to a phone app within the Tour (or any keypad blackberry for that matter).Case profile switching - No need to go to a meeting and remember to switch your Blackberry to vibrate.  All you have to do is customize your profile to Silent when in case and to vibrate. Genius!Verizen Customer Service - When ever I have had an issue or question they have an answer.  I have also been transferred directly to Blackberry Tech support when I had an issue with the desktop software.  Verizon also called me back to make sure that the issues was solved.  BIG fan of customer service.Cons:Battery - Is a little on the weak side.  Lasts about  of the day.  This should improve with a device software update.Battery Cover - Is a little loose but not as bad as many are saying.Start up Time - Because data security is a hot button for RIM.  I have been told that the long start time is because of security processes with the files on the device.  When you do a battery pull or a soft reset it takes about 5 minutes for the phone to be up and running again.With that said, this is a great phone.  I still have a couple issues with 3rd party apps like Facebook (calendar sync issue) and Ubertwitter (not installing properly) but updates to the apps should solve the problems.One way of extending the battery life is to turn off your connections when you know you are not going to have signal.Syncs great with PCs and comes with Desktop software 5.0 which increases the speed of the sync process.  Apple users not to fret, RIM is going to be releasing an Apple version of their desktop software in the 3rd quarter of the year.

I really love this phone. LOVE IT!!! So functional and small and lightweight. I used to own a Palm Treo 700wx. Very chunky. Plus I love that the Tour has soo many case options!! I would HIGHLY recommend this phone. Just one thing about that bugs me, about twice now it has frozen, but it was easy to fix by pulling out the battery and putting it back in. I love the way it is designed to fit in your hand.PROS:-Great design-Fast-Lightweight/Small-Great appsCONS:-Froze a bit-Trackeball is touchy

I have had my Blackberry Tour for about a week and absolutely love it.  The most distinguishing factor that makes it superior to other Blackberries is that the keyboard has a very smooth feel to it when typing.  Also, I have heard that many people had problems with the trackball on the Curve but the trackball is implanted into the phone on the Tour so there are less problems with it.  I highly recommend doing a tutorial if you have Verizon.  They allow a free 30 minute session with Verizon service.  I took my phone home for a few days so that I would have the opportunity to use it and make a list of questions or problems I encountered in using the applications.  I then went back for my session and got all of my questions cleared up.  I love my phone!

I'm about to completely give up on Blackberry. I had a Curve for over a year and, when the trackball on that finally died, I moved over to the Tour. Since then, I've had nothing but problems with the horribly designed and defective trackball. The first one simply never worked and Verizon replaced it. It didn't take long for the trackball on the second unit to also start acting up. After dealing with that for a few weeks, a relative called me who also has a tour and asked me if I was having problems with the trackball. Both of us ended up going to the Verizon store (again) and getting our Tour's replaced once more. While I haven't had the problem, I do know that my relative's tour has have very poor audio - I can barely understand him (if at all), when he calls his voice is muffled and often unintelligible.I have since looked around the 'net only to find that many are also have problems with others not being able to understand them (as their Tour's provide a muffled/unitenlligible signal) and the problem with the trackball is very, very significant. This is obviously a very serious design problem (the trackballs on both of my Tours won't scroll horizontally, but work fine vertically - which is the problem that so many others are also reporting).If the phone worked properly, I would have easily given it a rating of five starts. As I'm now waiting for my third phone to arrive, I am quite apprehensive. If that one doesn't work, I'm dumping Blackberry for good - I'm tired of dealing with a poorly designed and tested phone.

After reading all the exciting things about Black berry Tour, I got my fiance (who is currenlty in another state) a Blackberry tour on Sprint. However, so far we are very disappointed with the Call Quality with this expensive smartphone. My fiance could hear me fine, but her voice seems to be muffled (hot potato speech) and I have to struggle hard  to unsuccessfully understand what she is saying. There seems to be a background noise as well.So after spending a great deal of time, mi fiance was able to exchange it for another Tour hoping that it's probably an issue with that particular pohone. It's definitely, better, may be 60-70%, however still unsatisfying call quality experience, because of the above mentioned issue to a lesser extent.Unfortunately, I am not close to the phone to see if tweaking would help. I have Treo 755p (on SERO) and my fiance had Motorola V3M(Tmobile) prior to this phone, and never had this issue. This seems to be an issue more on the listener end and seems to affect female voice more than male voice. I had tried Blackberry Curve in the past, without this issue. We are really disappointed with this experience, but want to give few more days to the 2nd phone before returning. Unfortunately, Sprint is charging $35 for each exchange. I have been with Sprint for the past 2 years and am very satisfied with their voice and data service so far, and would like to stay with Sprint. But, $35 per exchange is forcing me to look for alternatives.I don't want to conclude that it's an issue with almost the entire line of Tour, at least not yet. So I will try to come up with an update.

Phone has always been hyper-sensitive to even the slightest bump.  Every time I set it on the table it resets.  Can't figure out what is causing it but it makest the device practically useless.  I have seen the same issue reported for other BB devices.

Short and Sweet....this phone is awesome...I've had the curve, pearl, and storm and it's doesn't compare...the keys are comfortable, the screen clarity is amazing, and the camera is awesome! I'd recommend this to any and everyone!!!!!!

I just got this from Amazon (for my wife as well).  We were switching from a Curve 8900 and Pearl on Tmobile.  Both Blackberry Tours are being returned today.This has a great keyboard, and it's a very fast and slick looking Blackberry, but the sound quality is atrocious.  Verizon seems to have great coverage in our area, and even at full strength when you speak on this phone, people on the other end cannot hear you.  My understanding is that RIM introduced some kind of half baked noise cancelling software on this model, and it can not be disabled.There are several call quality improvement options, none of them make a difference.  You can't hear people, and they can't hear you.Buyer beware.  This was a huge disappointment, and the lowest quality blackberry (for voice) that I've ever owned.
