
BlackBerry Bold  9700 is my first smartphone. I'm very happy with it.I'm still learning how to use all applications, but it is already improving my work and making my life easier.I totally reccomend it. It is money well spent.

I had difficulty with my first order but the seller was great in correcting it.  He worked with me until my order was exactly what I wanted and he got it to me quickly.  USE FranklinMedia.

i love my blackberry it is so amazing i never wright reviews but this product is so awsome that i had to wright a review of course with every product there is at least one thing i dont like but i have have 10000 that is good to say about the device i take lots of pics and the camera on this phone has very good quality video could be better not to much impressed with that.very speedy great media player suports my dslr format pics my other phone couldent do that screen very clear and bright one of the best things about it is the keyboard i love the keyboard on this phone i had a iphone and some other devices that had a phisical keyboard but this is the best. very helpful to remember stuff like apiontments and other important stuff browser is not that good thou another great thing is that the call qality is very very good and i never have a problem with signal.pros keyboard,camera,screen,OS 5,speed,call quality,signal,great device,battery life,duribility,features,bb messenger,speakercons videocamera,browser, apps games ectgreat device will buy from blackberry again i have had this device for about 8 moths now and love every minute of it cant wait to see the next bold. hope it is as good as this one is.

I need to know if this phone can be used in any other country with no problems, it does have an International version? If I do require to have AT&T; or it is up to me the company?This phone has some scratches and do not know how good can be!!!

me llego el producto en excelentes condiciones lo recomiendo, con sus accesorios, Accede a toda su correo electr&oacute;nico y mensajer&iacute;a, as&iacute; como sitios de redes sociales, teclado QWERTY completo sensible al tacto con trackpad &oacute;ptico

the keyboard has two keys that came defective, if you're from venezuela buy the american version, because the 3g of this version dosen't work here.

i buy this in dicember and for problems, i get it in april recently, it wasnt unlock... and only i got was cellphone and chargerd with some scars and division of keyboard broken...

This is an excellent phone for a blackberry. Unfortunately, it cannot compete very well on features and other functionalities with other smart phone running Android and iOS. However, if your main concern is between email, BBM, good battery life, this is the phone for you... @ least before around the middle of 2010

BB 9700 looked great and worked fine, but just that you had to have a BIS(Blackberry Internet Service) configured through your carrier to even have your personal email setup on the device. This I think really gives the carriers a lot of control over BB users. I tried using the phone in India, and was asked to take either a 299Rs per month (for unlimited email access plan) or a 899Rs per month (for unlimited data plan) as opposed to a 99Rs per month for 2 GB data available with all other phones. I guess you can get away with 15$ for 200 MB data plan with ATT in the US, but why will you want a personal phone where you'd need a help of your carrier to setup a personal email?

the mere fact that a blackberry is unlocked does not mean it will work with your sim card or your network. Russia restricts the functionality of the blackberry. Both available carriers disable the blackberry browser and blackberry chat.The other bummer is that they disable wifi, so no skype/voip calls in a hotspot or 3g.

This Bold is the worst phone I've ever owned.  Blackberry continues to disappoint me, with horrible phone after horrible phone.  unfortunately my work uses Blackberry Enterprise server so it's my only choice.Problems:- People constantly say they can't hear me, weakest antenna I've ever used.  I give it a 0 out of 100.  Drops calls routinely.  Awful awful as a phone.- GPS antenna doesn't pick up a signal if it is cloudy.  Forget it if there are a few buildings around.  Works about 50% of the time.- Constant crashes, the Sprint store says ALL Blackberries crash ALL the time so it's "normal."  Get used to it, no replacement.  Sprint says you have to reboot most BBs at least once a day after taking the battery out for 1 minute.- Slows down to a crawl with moderate use.  I get a lot of email, this thing simply can't handle it.  It was reasonably fast for the first week of use.- Less than 8 solid business hours of battery life.- Vibration is too mild to feel, you can't use a gel case.- Hides voicemails for some random number of days, then pops up without explanation.- Keyboard is absolutely HORRENDOUS, every key is a different shape and it gives you zero feel for which key your finger is touching.  I can't imagine a worse keyboard if the sole objective was to play a joke on the customer.- The speakerphone is difficult to understand, less volume available that the previously garbled Curve.  Seems the fix was to make the Bold's max volume lower, like we couldn't do that ourselves.- The touchpad is too easy to press and is constantly selecting things unwantedly.  As bad as the old trackball was, when the trackball worked (rarely due to quality defects) it was better.- Web browser is awful, nearly useless for anything but basic google.- Profiles are unreliable.- Still no period (.) key.  You have to hit Alternate then M.  Unbelievable in a supposedly internet enabled device (silver lining:  it barely works to surf the internet, anyway).- Very slow wifi performance.- Antiquated menu system.  Was just ok when smart phones first came out, now it's hard to imagine how a major company could be so far behind.Good things:- The mp3 player has higher quality decoding than previous BBs.- Backlit keyboardAs a simple phone: 0 stars

The label thought this large but was very young. I want my money backit is bad, dont buy nooo

Excellent phone.  A fusion of my old 8900 and a Bold 9000!Pros:Size (Almost as small as the 8900)Fast 3G phoneVoice qualityClassy design (a beauty!)Fast and responsive OSMore internal memory for programsBattery life is WoW!!! (incredible! best in a blackberry!)Screen is awsome!  (colors and res)Camera is excellent (although no improvement here from 8900, but big improvement from BOLD 9000)Cons:Keyboard take some time to get use to.  But once you get use to the keyboard you'll feel right at home

was not worth the money, came with speaker problems that was not listed in the description!! this should not have been sold for this much money!!!

I'm using this blackberry in Colombia and it is working fine, at the beginning I had a problem with the speaker but I could solve it easily.3G is working fine and I upgrade to Blackberry v6.

el telefono llego bien. excelete la entrega. buen estado y con sus accesorios lo estoy comenzando a utilizar. es nuevo

Hello.I hope this serves a lot, I'm going to say.I'm sorry I bought this phone. First, because the seller must indicate exactly what you sell, your espcificaciones techniques. Of course it does, but these phones do not work with all the bands as indicated. I got a T-Mobile, another one will be reached AT & T, etc. The truth is that each company (carrier) telecommunications has its own technology, and so on. That's why I bought a cell phone that said it all tested, so I did not worry about it.Now, says T-Mobile, that is, only a few bands working the T-Mobile, I can not surf on 3G at the company where I have the service.The parties, such as hearing aids, generic trinket are pure, so you definitely need to be careful what you buy, because hardly the seller responds.I'm sorry, but be aware next time. Pretty pictures, explanations pompous, but at the moment of truth, is not what you think.

I bought the phone as a gift. The phone itself is ok. The new touch pad is nice. However, the phone I recieved had an opened box and it looked like the phone had been removed from the box previously. The quick start guide was missing. I had bought a new phone and had hoped that Amazon would send a NEW one.  Shipping an open item when a new one is bought is not somthing I had expected from Amazon.

Case is pretty low quality, but the price is pretty cheap as well. You do get what pay for. It does serve it's purpose though and protects my blackberry.

I purchased this item on May 2, 2011 with the Purchase Order 002-9880193-6081042 worth $ 386.58 to Laucky ELECTRONICS. This article was used, the old Logic Board bad repair. The battery was consumed, yet unused, in an hour. Finally, after about a month, the phone stopped working. In conclusion it was a SCAM this purchase.

Let me start of by saying, I am not new to the world of cell phones.  This will probably date me, but I hail from the days when my parents used the bricks you comically see displayed in youtube parody as cell phones.I've been moderate to low end when it comes to bells and whistles, mainly because I already have so many gadgets now ( zune, ipod and creative zen, 2 laptops a 8MP Canon camera and gaming console) that already serve their various purposes.  I have been with T-Mobile for about 6 out of the 10 years I've actively used my own cell phone.  I was out of contract, and needed a phone with 3 G (2100 band) to go to Japan.  Lo and behold, the holy light shines upon blackberry as I resume search. My sister, a seasoned blackberry user was jealous when I mentioned I had taken the plunge and bought this product.I am used to flip phone with bells and whistles or no frill phones.Holy cow, I do not want to ever give up this phone!I am used to bigger phones with awkward texting layouts and missed the QWERTY style keypad badly.  The keys are a bit tiny and if you as we say, 'fat finger' your computer keyboard I would advise to look for a phone with bigger buttons to keep you from throttling your blackberry when you can't type, "BrB".  But, that aside, This phone will be a major step up from anyone who uses their phone for the usual text message or phone call and maybe the occasional application.  If you are a world traveler in need of a phone that can roam international, I was steered towards the blackberry service as well by trusted business colleagues.I didn't have to set up POP3 Clients for my emails so that was quite a relief and the layout was a lot to maneuver, allows me the most pertinent applications first.I let my sister play with my phone after I bought it, and she was so amazed I wound up (no joke) buying her one with my provider that same night after explaining the terms and conditions and having the representative walk her through the process as well.  She actually tapped my hand when I tried to take my blackberry back from her!  She was completely amazed by the speed of the browsing and I was amazed with the clarity of picture on youtube in particular.I have my own wifi when I am at home, so I wasn't too thrilled that T-Mobile makes me purchase a $30 web package to qualify for a 2 year agreement with the product.  If I didn't already have internet and in my personal situation didn't split the bill and keep my plan for my sister's, it would actually be a useful plan, but I find it fairly excessive and advise if you are not in contract, just buy the phone outright from T-Mobile- you pay less in the long run and don't risk breach of contract if you try to drop the plan.Once more in summary, if you want a web surfing blackberry that has a spacious luxurious keyboard and are all about web access, you probably should keep it moving.  But, if you can compromise being able to look at a few pictures and the keyboard a little bit but want a solid phone that will last you and has a lot to offer, I would stop here!  I've gone through quite a few phones (at least 8 phones... I think) in my cell phone lifetime.  This Blackberry Bold 9700 by T-Mobile by far is the best that I have ever witnessed.  When I'd usually feel like "here goes nothing..." I finally get that feeling of "Yeah, I think I did it! I made a good decision this time" now that I have the Blackberry, my first time.  Feels good for a change!

I used it for 3 weeks, and the p button just fell off, I never drop the phone, no scratch at all.If you google the web, it turns out lots of people have the same problem with bold 9700.

I bought mine 4 months ago ...yesterday  it went off and didn work after that..I dont know what was the reason, I didnt download any thing and I didnt update it :S

I had to get this phone for work, otherwise I would not have gone back a decade to RIM's technology. As a former Android user I find this technology very antiquated and backward. The device, though cryptic, performs the functions as expected. In short, I hate Blackberries but it gets the job done in a 90's kind of way.

El telefono esta excelente si hay vendedores honestos, se lo recomiendo muy buen vendedor y muy buen producto todos los accesorios originales.

Hello everyone!My experience since I bought in Amazon had been excellent, however, all the time, I had used to buy directly to Amazon.When I decide to buy this cell phone I trusted I could buy it to a third party, but I was wrong, because my cell phone came whit defects which were the following:- The upper right corner of the screen is broken inside, even I could turn on the phone, it is really bad receive a new cell phone with that. Maybe we could think: "The package received a hit during the delivered", but the box was safe, whit out any hit.- What was in the box: everything unless: the Pouch and the 2 GB memory card. Unbelievable!- Someone tell me how can I return this product? Can I?- International Version?? don't make me laugh! If that phone were a International Version you could change at least the language of your preference, only the phone brought Ingles Language!Thanks for hear me, and please don't buy this product!

I was looking for good price and speed inshiping and delivering.It worked prefectly

Warranty service is terrible.  Blackberry refuses to provide warranty service unless you purchase the phone directly from Blackberry (which no one does because of price).  You are forced to go to your carrier.  In my case, it's AT&T.;  Blackberry makes the carrier go through completely unnecessary steps taking up to 2 hours, during which time they'll try to force you to go through the steps and then get back to them.  It also includes a complete reset of the device and loss of all information (mandatory).  The defect in my phone had nothing to do with these steps.  It's solely meant to discourage a warranty return.I was an advocate of Blackberry, but now they've lost me.  Avoid at all costs.  One star, because 0 stars is not available.My original review was very positive and I rated it 5 stars:Having owned the Nokia e71, HTC Tilt 2, and the Blackberry Bold and Curve in the past few months, I feel the Blackberry's have a better design and function.  The Blackberry's are not based on a soft key design (where the keys are based on software on a touch screen), so there's no chance of having a system lockup during an emergency call.  Also, the UI is better than the Nokia.  I am very pleased with my Blackberry telephones.  They are solid devices.

I'm not your typical reviewer when it comes to phones. I'm a principle staff mechanical engineer who has spent 15 years designing phones, first for Moto and then for Nok. As part of my job, I get paid to buy competitor phones, try them, tear them down, take notes on design, performance, and then write 100-page internal reports on each product. It is a fun job. I've done this on roughly three or four HUNDRED different phones during my career. I do not work for RIM.I did a complete tear-down on this product, and I also have been using the phone for three months.This is one of the most incredible phones I've ever used. Seriously.The build quality and design are best-in-class. The user interface is excellent. It is also has an elegant, very expensive look about it, helping earn its current undeniable position as an "iconic" phone that's become a must-have for everyone from investment bankers to Hollywood's power elite to rock stars. I do not overstate that. I have friends who are investment bankers, people who make over a half-million a year.  They can afford any phone but they don't carry an iPhone, or a Nokia Virtue ($20,000). They ALL have this exact phone. They won't be seen without it.Take your iTunes, move your music-of-choice into a "Blackberry" playlist folder, then sync to this phone using Media Sync in the Blackberry Desktop Manager. Even your album artwork zips into and shows up as you browse on the Blackberry! Plug your Bose QC3 headphones directly into this phone and listen to music.  The audio chip on this 9700 produces awesome sound.You can put a 32 GIGABYTE memory card into this baby. Yes, I'm serious. That's a lot of music, and movies! My Apple iTouch and iPod are now on a shelf collecting dust.Take your home videos or entire DVD movies and convert them to Blackberry 9700 resolution using the free Roxio Media Manager, and you'll be amazed how good they look on this phone's amazing 480x360 LCD.The camera is amazing. The thing auto-focuses on your subject in a fraction of a second; a phone that actually takes FOCUSED photos!The phone syncs to all your Outlook data super fast. Contacts, tasks, calendar, etc.Did I mention the optical navi mouse? You have to try this. You will love it. Swipe your finger over it, and that is sensed optically, and the cursor on the LCD moves with same fast response as a PC mouse. Even has the mouse click. Now you run Opera Mini web browser, and you have a better web interface than an iPhone - because with the Blackberry you can zoom in / out, and at same time use the navi mouse to scroll web pages and mouse-click hyperlinks, just like web surfacing on a PC. Sorry Apple, but this Blackberry has a more efficient interface than an iPhone for web surfing.Google maps! This phone's GPS is so fast, it updates your position in Google maps while you drive. Also, you really must see Google maps "street view" run on this phone. So cool.The processor is damn fast. You can stream your custom radio station off Pandora, while Google Maps is auto-routing directions, and then switch to browse photos, then back to Google Maps.  Can you multitask that on an iPhone? Nope.But it is the wonderful little things that Blackberry has done with the UI that really make a difference. Exchange an SMS with your friend, and the Blackberry is smart enough to immediately switch that into an SMS chat thread where you're seeing the entire conversation thread out, as if you were using Yahoo Messenger (which you can use as well on this phone). I've never seen SMS message real-time chat threading like that, except on the Blackberry products. So cool.And the available apps, both free and paid. So many amazing apps you can add to this phone.You will love this phone.

The cell looked good, but it wasnt new, was refurbished . I had problems with keybord, had to change it.

Well the phone is flawlessly, just not brought micro sd memory 2GB, usually comes installed inside the slot, I imagine someone from the company was perfect circle, as in the case came to them a printed brochure of other equipment is in perfect condition and new that is most important, currently working with perfectly OS6Bueno el telefono llego de manera impecable, solo que no trajo la memoria micro sd de 2gb, generalmente la trae instalada dentro de la ranura, imagino que fue alguien de la empresa perfect circle, ya que dentro de la caja venia un folleto impreso de ellos, de resto el equipo esta en perfectas condiciones y nuevo que es lo mas importante, trabajando actualmente con os6 perfectamente

It allows me to connect with friends,family and business partners all over the world in an instant, no matter the hour.BlackBerry 9700 Bold Unlocked Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot --International Version with no Warranty (charcoal)

Realice mi compra hace unos 10 meses, estuve muy contenta con mi nuevo celular, es bastante r&aacute;pido y cumple con mis exigencias y a pesar de que el equipo llego en perfectas condiciones y pude conectarlo sin problemas con movistar, a los tres meses de uso tuvo una ca&iacute;da peque&ntilde;a y se me da&ntilde;o la pantalla (el repuesto m&aacute;s caro del equipo) Termin&eacute; arreglandola un mes despu&eacute;s y a pesar de esto bastante contenta. No m&aacute;s de un mes de uso y el cargador repentinamente se me da&ntilde;o (no tengo motivos para explicarlo). Estuve usando por un tiempo el cable usb y se me termin&oacute; da&ntilde;ando la pila del celular. Otro gasto m&aacute;s, una pila nueva. Finalmente tuvo otra ca&iacute;da (siempre cuido mi celular, est&aacute; bien protegido, accidentes que lamentablemente pasan) y se le da&ntilde;o nuevamente la pantalla. Es el primer celular que he tenido que gastarle tanto, pudiera asociarlo con que vino defectuoso de f&aacute;brica, no se si este modelo tiene fama de fallas, o que realmente he estado un poco salada. Pero aqui les dejo mi experiencia con el equipo.

very good phone with accessories original extras and box very good excuse for not describe them in a negative way but this solution was all set thanks for the help to fix it. In the following purchases like your help I hope

ALERTA.... ALERTA.... ALERTA.... ALERTA.... NO RECOMENDADO.La empresa Lucky Electronics es una total estafa le compre un blackberry bold 2 supuestamente nuevo y cuando lo recib&iacute; tenia los siguientes detalles:1) No enciendes las luces del teclado la de men&uacute; ni la de send.2) El equipo tiene c&aacute;mara de 2MP y no de 3MP como lo ofrece en la publicidad.3) No trajo la tarjeta SD 2GB que ofrece en la publicidad.4) El equipo tiene problemas con el trackpad &oacute;ptico.(NO FUNCIONA)5) Por ultimo se quemo la bateria y no enciende el equipo ni carga.ESTE VENDEDOR NO SE LO RECOMIENDO A NADIE es un total peligro (ESTAFADOR DEL MERCADO) me vendio el equipo en 385$ y no me reintegro nada por los da&ntilde;os simplemente dice disculpe las molestias causadas.Dicen vender equipos nuevos porque vienen de Hong Kong pero es FALSO...EL QUE TENGA DUDAS MI CORREO ES javiersarabia1404@hotmail.com

The Blackberry 9700 Bold is a great phone and I couldnt be happier with it. I have had the 8900 Curve which is a good phone, and before that the original Curve 8310. The new Bold is obviously a culmination of years of painstaking development by RIM to come up with such a excellent product. Cant think of one thing I dont like about the new Bold. From its beautifull exterior to the killer camera, to the OS that is very smooth and fast, 3G speed, new texting capabilities, wifi and last but by no means least, the new track pad. The track pad is phenominal, its so very responsive I tend to get carried away with it because Im still kinda use to the track ball. Excellent upgrade RIM, thanks I love this phone. Also the leather like battery door is very classy and it of course doesnt show scratches and is kinda grippy too. Gonna put a Otter Box Impact case on it to protect it tho, very nice looking addition to a great looking phone. 5 stars RIM!!

excelenteWe're currently processing your review and we will email you at ajaramil_3@hotmail.com as soon as this is complete.goood gooood

ATTENTION!!!! 3G WILL NOT WORK IN MOST COUNTRIES. THEY SELL T-MOBILE UNLOCKED PHONES. Most of the world uses 1900/2100mhz bands for 3G (including Rogers and at&t). T-mobile and Wind in Canada use 1700/2100mhz for 3G so those phones WILL NOT have 3G service in most of the world.

i ordered this black berry 9700 three weeks and by time i recieved it in Nigeria it wasnt the same one i saw in the pix.no pouch, bad  carger, and to make it worse it was branded AT&T.its so sad that i left all the sales in Nigeris to buy from amazon, but i am very disppointed.

I'll keep this simple.  I've been a blackberry user since 2001 and love the devices.  However my recent purchase of a Blackberry Bold left me disappointed.  Although graphics have been improved (internet browsing is MUCH better), I have 3 complaints:1)  Battery life is much less than previous Blackberries.  I'm used to getting 4-6 days of use from a Blackberry without recharging.  This model needs recharging every 1-2 days depending on usage.  My colleagues at work, who have the same device, have similar battery life.2)  The Blackberry frequently "blacks out"/stalls while the processor tries to catch up with the simple tasks requested of the device.  Never had this problem with prior generations of Blackberries.  The device clearly has underpowered processors.  My colleagues at work have the same problem.3)  The "lock" feature.  If you accidentally press A/* key, the keyboard locks and I've been unable, by reading the meagre instructions that accompany the device, to figure out how to unlock it.  You think it'd be simple, but no.  The solution to such a simple problem should be more evident.  I'll figure it out, but again, annoying feature.Very poor for a RIM product which in my experience have always been superior.

I purchased my Blackberry Bold about 3 months ago and I love it. I have always had flip phones until now. I love the fact that the phone is bigger and I can access so many different apps. It is so easy to access my email, facebook and google anything. The Blackberry Bold was a little hard to get used to, but once I did I loved it. I have never had a cell phone that I love as much as this one. Like I said, the apps are amazing, there are so many to chose from. The phone has a GPS app on it as well. Blackberry Bold also has an amazing camera on it, Wi-Fi, 3G and the speaker is amazing. The speaker is so clear and very crisp. I highly reccommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone that is almost just like your computer. I have had no trouble with my phone and will probably always stick with the Blacberry, simply because it is an amazing product.

El producto es tal cual como lo ped&iacute;, en perfecto estado. Por eso esta calificaci&oacute;n.Recomiendo 100% el producto y el vendedor.

I received this item last week and I didn't receive in the box what I was expecting. It was offered a Pouch and a 2GB Memory Card which were not included in my package. I proceeded to leave OEM Shop a feedback about my case, and they just said "unfortunately, the memory card and the pouch are not available". I don't understand why are they still offering the cellphone with those items if they don't really have them available. The worst part is that it says "no warranty", but anyway, it is definitely a NON-RELIABLE AND NON-RESPONSIBLE SELLER.

excellent phone, you can compete with the best in its range, really works like a charm, good camera, good screen, speed, only bad thing is the battery life and the high temperature reached

ante todo felicito a amazon por los exelente servicio. pero a la ves deberian escluir de esta empresa a esta que no respeta los pedidos facturados, ya que realize una compro a un precio y no es culpa mia si el producto sube de precio o por error de los mismos colocan otro precio y no respetan los acuerdos. no recomiendo este vendedor a ninguna persona.

El tel&eacute;fono no estaba desbloqueado, del resto se encontraba en las condiciones mencionadas por el vendedor nada que una carcasa nueva no solucionara

really disappointed with this phone (bold 9700) i'm waiting for my third (second replacement under warranty) in less than a year, don't get me wrong it has a pretty good features BUT lack of reliability compared with the previous version (9000)then again it has improvements but overall when you are talking about a very useful and needed tool for business it is not enough to have a powerhouse full of features but a reliable one!!! this thing reboot very often, loose connection with the provider even in full coverage areas and takes a lifetime to restart once it freezes and reboot again!!! other than that it is a pretty phone! ...POS!

They already seven months elsmartphone You Buy BlackBerry Bold 9700 Smartphone - 3G - WCDMA (UMTS ) / GSM - QWERTY - BlackBerry OS - black , And Truth met ALL my expectations ... The item was delivered on time established with the SPECIFICATIONS described by the seller . Even the moments you have not any inconvenience Works fine . I think it was a good buy and What was the economic cost .A Commentary 's sent him Battery installed and the time it took to get to my Country . Battery was burned and get the team did not work ... But the rest of the computer working properly on ANY type of inconvenience . As Tal said descriptions Same article came FULLY UNLOCKED Therefore any telephone line fits In My Country and raises 3G. has not any inconvenience ... Brought all accessories Charger, Battery , cd , manual, earphones , USB cable and a 2GB memory ... Create extra room for emails , messages, apps , multimedia files, documents and all the other important things that you want to take with you .... The phone arrived in excellent condition with no ... No News In my view , the article 100% recommended ... good seller and fast purchase was smooth ... the phone has been dropped several times and has not suffered any damage . although my daughter uses only 5 years too taking pictures, voice and video gravaciones and the phone has not been damaged . size has given no hangs , works well on screen motion sensor is intact despite the drops and bumps that has been ... is not a phone of this world, but to me it served me very well because I have a little girl and the phone is not so sensitive she can handle with no problem and I do not care that it can be easily damaged , so this computer fits my needs , the most important is to be connected with family, friends and coworkers , receive text msg , pin and emails and social networks also takes high quality photographs , videos . can be adapted to several emails . otherwise the battery takes up to 6 hours of talk time and 2 to 3 days . Access what's important with trackpad navigation based on how laptops are designed . Slide your finger over the trackpad to scroll through menus and icons. A slight press and click lets you select an item to navigate where you want to go. Enjoy music , videos , photos and documents in color and sound. Easily sync data and audio files from your desktop to the BlackBerry Bold 9700, and get up to 35 hours of music playback time . Enhance the 256 MB of flash memory by easily inserting a built-in microSD card. Create extra room for emails , messages, apps , multimedia files, documents and all the other important things that you want to take with you. Along with a 3.2 MP camera , the BlackBerry Bold 9700 smartphone features video camera functionality . Record videos and view high-res screen , and share them through email, text messages or social networking sites . High-speed 3G network connectivity lets you browse the web or view attachments faster email, while Wi -Fi support enables your BlackBerry Bold 9700 smartphone to access available hotspots

I've used successive Blackberry models since 1996 and thought it was pretty decent overall. The 9700 BlackBerry Bold is no exception and is an improvement over the previous versions.However, after my first 9700 crashed after about two-months of normal usage, supposedly it was a software glitch, the replacement one - which ATT gave me without any hassle - displays a "square" pad that replaces the trackball and it freezes about 30% of the time... which is unbearable in the business world...After such a poor experience, I am ready to switch to another hardware - a Nokia, a Samsung, a Motorola or naturally a I-Phone. RIM does not deserve our business under such circumstances.

I bought it from blue eletronic, cheap price, fast shipping, everything comes brand new never touch, blackberry looks sexy &lt;3 bi love it i cant stop touching it i got it right now

WAIT for the BOLD 3 or better yet... try DROID.Pros:Good Size.BB Desktop Manager Plays very well with Outlook.Great Screen.Some applications are available for download.Fast processor.Email Integration.Messaging App.Cons:Build Quality: Trackpad is VERY soft and gets very scratched up very easily (when the rest of the materials around it do not) and visible (and annoying) signs of wear and tear after 2 months (seriously... I bought this the day it came out on AT&T;). The plastic used to build the battery door is too soft. After one month of use the fit in the door has become compromised. It doesn't fall off or anything, but there is a noticeable lag in the fit of the battery door. After it snaps into place it still "wiggles" a good bit back and forth. Yes, it doesn't impair the functionality of the phone, but I am annoyed that I paid so much for inferior quality materials.Personally, I think this keyboard is TERRIBLE. The keys are too cramped. I hate how num lock and caps lock requires two buttons to activate. I prefer the simple "keep this button pressed longer to activate caps lock" approach.Documentation: BB SUCKS at documentation. The learning curve for getting the most out of your BB is difficult indeed and they have no logical order or meaningful narrative for you to use to get your head around this thing. This thing could be almost as useful as the iPhone if only I had 240 hours to spare to get used to all of the poor interfaces.Poor Organization: Some apps go to apps folder. Some apps go to apps folder. WTF??? What is the difference? Why put this level of abstraction in front of the user?Can't delete third party apps: why can't I delete facebook? Who the h*ll are they? This is my phone??!!Lack Of User Customization : The keyboard has backlighting that you cannot control as much as you would like. For example: BB measures the ambient light and decides if the backlight should be turned off or on. You cannot control the threshold at which this takes place (without a third party app that you have to pay for). If you are sitting in a conference wathcing a pitch and the lights are turned down you will experience my frustration. Again... WTF??? Why can't I just turn this switch off???Lack Of A Simple (and effective) Keyboard Lock Protocol.It bothers me. I turn this off and it's difficult to keep it turned off. Any slight pressure on the end/power key turns it right back on. WTF!!! This is the only phone that has a problem staying turned off!This phone is the reason I'm going to give windows mobile one more chance... or maybe even the iPhone.Summary: There are some good ideas in here but inferior materials and a disjointed GUI will leave you feeling "taken advantage of." Once it's free (with subsidy) it would be worth a shot... maybe. Till then, best avoid this one.

Buen Servicio lo compre desde venezuela me llego en excelentes condiciones. funciona bien sin ningun inconvenientelo traje por cargas de venezuela hasta bqto

black berry 9700 smartphone 3g wcdma , product in regular condition, no very good, Different from the photo.please more information

Phone was described by seller. No scratches. Camera works. I have ATT and I had no problem with this phone so far. It came in just a few days. It looks perfect. I Would definitely buy again.

What I can say about a Blackberry, it's just perfect.just opened the box, plugged the battery and the sim card and it started to work.After few wizard screens I could make some calls and browse the web.It's very easy to setup an e-mail account.This phone is unlocked, so I just inserted my sim card and worked fine.The quality of the voice are fantastic! and the keyboard is designed in a way that your fingers can hit the correct key, making your type better and faster. It's amazing the way that your thumb fits the letters.The cam can take nice pics, but it's just 3mp , if you are a maniac for pics, I would recommend another smartphone/BB model with 5mp or higher (if exists).The screen has a nice quality.I tottaly recommend this cell.

hello alli wanna buy this blackberry and anybody knows ifthis phone is unlocked?please get back to meMany thanksAlex

I have had five Blackberries over the years with T-Mobile.  Most have been solid and dependable.  I especially liked the Curve 8900 and the 8800.  They had excellent voice quality.  The UMA wifi calling on the Curve was convenient and dependable.I purchased the 9700 for alleged 3G speeds and to use the phone in Japan.  I was successful using the phone in Japan, but the speeds do not really qualify as 3g and I have had a number of problems with the phone.In summary:What I like--1.  The batter life is decent.  Not as good as past Blackberries.2.  The keyboard is fine.3.  The screen is good resolution but very small.4.  Email works fine; this is a given.What I didn't like:1.  The 3G is a joke.  I've downloaded firmware upgrades twice and the device never really achieves decent speeds--for example, it rarely exceeds 200 kbs.  I've tested a Nexus One (not noted for its 3G prowess) next the Blackberry and achieved 2-3 mps.2.  There have been a long history of dropped calls and fluctuating receptions levels.  The call quality is the worst I have had while with T-Mobile.  I like T-Mobile, but they keep suggesting things like a sim swap or firmware upgrade to fix the problems.  These approaches have not worked.3.  The UMA does not work well.  The call transfer from Wifi to Cellular worked well on the 8900 but does not work on the 9700.  It causes the phone to freeze or restart.4.  The 3 mp camera is no better than the relatively good camera for the Curve 8900, which was probably almost threes year ago.  The camera on the Nexus One is much better.5.  The browser and internet browsing experience is terrible.  Many sites will not load.  The screen is too small.  Javascript takes forever, and page loading is generally very slow.  I've tried Bolt and Opera, which are somewhat better.  Also the bookmark system for the standard browser is bad, forcing priority to T-Mobile sites and lacking flexibility.6.  I'm a big Audible user to listen to books.  The Blackberry application is terrible--it is painfully slow, crashes frequently and is slow to download books, even over Wifi.  The music player is also crude and poor.7.  The application store is poor compared to Android and nothing at all like the Iphone application store.  Apps are the name of the game, and on this issue, Blackberries are severely handicapped.I'm now pushing our company to consider non-Blackberry options.  I think many people, having tried the Iphone and Android devices, are sick of Blackberries.  The one hook, we will need to overcome, is to have a dependable international email plan.

Alright, let me just say off the bat that as a former Bold 9000 user, I've been looking forward to the new Bold 2 for months since pictures were leaked on the internet. Since I get my phones through my company, I've had the phone since Nov. 18, when it was released on AT&T;'s network for Premier people.  Unfortunately, my friend decided that after playing around with my phone, they wanted one, so I bought them an unlocked one.The new Bold 9700 is a sleek phone - no doubt about it. RIM apparently has decided, though, to somewhat standardize their phones' look, a direction that bothers me to a great extent. One of the things I loved about the Bold was that it was different - you saw any other phone, and then you saw the Bold - and you thought "Wow, that phone IS bold!!" Size I couldn't care less about - as long as it looked good, and worked awesomely, what else matters? And the Bold 9000 fit those well. So when I got the new 9700, and I compared it to my coworker's Tour (for Verizon), I was quite surprised at how similar they were. It's actually somewhat hard to tell them apart (the 9700 is a bit smaller, and also has the trackpad). Just an observation....Alright - to the review:Pros:Trackpad - this is definitely a most welcome upgrade. RIM outdid themselves on this part - I thought the trackball was good, this trackpad is great! The older Bold's trackball was great, as long as you kept dirt and dust out of it. Which turned out to be somewhat difficult, since there was a depression surrounding the trackball, and so if too much dust or dirt got in, the ball needed to be replaced. Also, if you used it too much, the ball would lose its grip, and become less responsive, also - once again - needing to be replaced. Both those problems are now gone with this new trackpad. For former trackball users, it may take a little use to get to know it, but once you do, trust me - you'll never go back.Speaker - the speakers on the Bold are nothing less than stunning. My friend has an IPhone, and my speakers for playing music and speakerphone blow his out of this century. Not only can they get very loud, but they also are quite clear and crisp, for the volume you can put them to. And, if that wasn't good enough, RIM includes AudioBoost - for when you hook your Bold up to your car or stereo system, which bumps the output sound even higher. Excellent....OS - the new BlackBerry 5 OS, which comes preloaded on the phone, is a major improvement over the 4.6 version in most other phones. It's snappier, and quite more responsive.Camera - RIM upgraded the camera from a 2 MP in the older Bold to a 3.2 MP in the Bold 9700. The pictures that the phone takes are quite good, even in poor light conditions. Of course, if you try to take pictures in the club with it - prepare to be somewhat disappointed. Ha. But for regular, everyday camera uses, that "quick shot", the Bold 9700 actually takes decent pictures. Nice for when you forget to bring that digital camera with you.There's a couple other pros I can think of, but they're more along the lines of business users, or based on networks (you could get 3G speeds on AT&T;'s network since the first Bold - T-Mobile just got their first 3G BlackBerry with this phone). If you're interested in them, drop me a comment, and I'll get back to you.Now, for the cons:Battery - battery life is still somewhat bad, although it definitely is an improvement over the older Bold. I normally use Pandora - an App that plays Internet Radio, trust me, this should be one of the first apps you download, it's free - the other is Google Maps, also free - anyway, back to the review, so I normally use Pandora, and I can get about 6 hours out of the battery, with small breaks in-between receiving phone calls. So, in normal use, you could probably get about a day out of the battery, which isn't terrible, but also is somewhat worse than comparable phones out there.Hardware - this is probably my biggest negative I had. Normally, when they say upgrade, you would think they would put better hardware in the thing, right?? Well, think again. With the exception of the upgraded camera and trackpad, there is NO difference in hardware between this and the older Bold.Zero.Nada.I would've liked some upgraded hardware in the phone. But again - this is just my thing. You may not care.My last negative is more hit and miss - some people have been reporting that BlackBerry Maps - the app that RIM ships with the phone for navigation, doesn't work on the 9700. Myself included. This appears to be at random, but it just irks me.  It may be dependent on the network you're on. Fortunately, there's a workaround - get Google Maps.So - overall, the phone is a nice update. It works, takes nice pictures, looks sleek, and can be used as your new boombox when you want to blast "What is Love?" by Haddaway. (Kidding on the last one) I would completely recommend this phone, even with some of its faults, since they don't really take away from the experience with the phone.I'll update this review from time to time, as I continue to use this, so if there's any questions, please feel free to ask.UPDATE:  As of today - 8/3/2010 - RIM has announced that their new BlackBerry OS - 6 - WILL be compatible with the 9700.  So if you are looking at this phone, but aren't necessarily a fan of OS 5, or weren't sure if updates would be released for it - fear no more.UPDATE 2:  Today, 1/26/2011 - RIM has still not released the OS 6 for this phone yet, which is just BS.  I included a link for those of you who are feeling dangerous and don't mind using beta software, so here you go - [...]  Remember - it is a beta, so some things might be different, but I didn't notice any less functionality.

QUIESIERA SABER SI ESTE EQUIPO ES T-MOBILE, ACABP DE COMPRAR UNO A OTRO VENDEDOR Y ME ENVIARON UN EQUIPO T-MOBILE QUE REALMENTE APESTA PORQUE NO SE CONECTA 3G EN VENEZUELA, NECESITO UN EQUIPO QUE OPERE EN 3G PARA MOVISTAR EN VENEZUELA.

This is a very good itemlike others blackberrys but with 3g support then you see the differentevery thing in the box working excellentthis model support blackberry os 6

I use it daily, it is my right hand and  there is no better blackberry than this, highly recommended.

I recently bought this phone from Worldwide Distributors. In the Technical details of the product  it clearly states "Quad-band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/900/1800/1900 frequencies and US/International 3G compatibility via 800/850/1900/2100/ 1700/2100 MHz, UMTS/HSDPA plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities" The phone I received is not compatible with all 3G bands as stated. I got a T-Mobile phone which works with 3G bands 1, 4, 8; that is equal to 2100, 1700, and 900 and does not work with 1900 my operator 3G band, also does not work with 800 and 850 as stated in the Tech details. So I bought a 3G phone that does not work in 3G which is equal to a 450USD paper weight. Needless to say I am surprised that Amazon been a company of such high reputation allows sellers to publish such false and misleading advertisement. If that wasn't enough Worldwide Distributors return policy clearly states "Cell phones may only be returned for refund within 3 days if they have been unopened and all original seals are intact." You will need to open the box and turn the phone on in order to see frequency with which it works, so this means, screw you, we will not accept the return of the phone. Last but not least, should you happen to know which operator works with which frequency, they have this little pearl in the return policy "Buyers are responsible for network, GSM band, and Carrier compatibility, including internet browsing, picture and text messaging functionality which are not guaranteed." Double screw you, you just paid 450USD for a paper weight and you are stuck with it. Worldwide Distributors you SUCK and I will make sure that everyone I know knows about this, and AMAZON ignorance is not an excuse.....

Any current Blackberry user should be happy and possibly happier with the 9700 if upgrading from a previous model. When it comes to new users, it's a crowded marketplace out there. Those who prefer great physical keyboards may want to look into the current Blackberries. I got this company-issued Bold a couple of months ago through my employer to replace my old 8830. As a Blackberry user for more than 10 years now, I am quite happy with what I got and I see many improvements over what used to be a standard-issue Blackberry some 2-3 years ago.First, the good things about the 9700 Bold:- IT'S STILL A BLACKBERRY - This is important to the many BB users who want their Blackberry to change only slightly from one generation to another, at least as far as the physical form and the user interface is concerned. While Blackberries evolved from the little 'wheel' to the track ball to the current touch-sensitive square that's replacing it, they are still recognizable and I bet that if a time traveler from, let's say, 2002, popped up in 2010, he/she should be able to use the 9700 in no time. All buttons are at the familiar locations and, at least when comparing it with the previous generation, the 9700 responds very much in the same way.- IT'S SMALLER, LIGHTER - While the screen appears to be (very slightly) larger on the 9700, it's bulk is significantly reduced. The 9700 is thinner and it weighs a lot less than its predecessor. Not everyone may appreciate this in the beginning and I was one of those but I got used with the lighter device quickly and I would consider it an improvement now.- IMPROVED PICTURE QUALITY - While not the best screen in business, the picture on the 9700 is significantly better as far as resolution when compared to previous models. I would not use the Bold to watch movies or read books with the Kindle application but... this is a Blackberry and it's good at doing what Blackberries are expected to do: email, voice, enterprise integration. Everything else I see as 'extras'.- EXTRAS - Of course, you get a camera which I'm not likely to use but it's good to know it's there, you can get video for free or subscribe to some pay service, have the ability to store various media and so on. It's good to have them but I'm not likely to spend much time with the 'extras' except maybe for the Web browser.- IMPROVED WEB BROWSER - This is good news. The built-in browser is not quite as good as, let's say, Opera but it's coming pretty close and it's a major improvement over what Blackberry used to offer. And you can always install Opera or some other browser.- 3G - Of course. EDGE is still available as the fall back service but, whenever 3G is detected, the 9700 will take advantage of it.- BLUETOOTH, WI-FI - they work great and pairing with a Bluetooth device can be done literally in seconds.In addition to the above, on the 'the same' or not necessarily 'improvements' category, I noticed no significant change as far as battery life is concerned. The 9700 needs (and comes with a) MICRO USB power adapter so the old MINI USBs won't work on this model. You also get the official Blackberry black leather case with a belt clip.On the not-so-good or 'really annoying' side, I really hated the abundance of bloatware - I call it 'crapware' - that seems to have invaded the Blackberry world. There is an abundance of little pre-installed apps and services that, shortly after you click on and go to the trouble of activating them, it turns out that they are 'pay' things, ranging from Pac-Man to TV services, and it's either impossible or very difficult to remove - I didn't have the time to waste so I was able to quickly hide them but... there SO MANY of them. If Research in Motion is listening, they should know that I do NOT love Blackberry more for turning the BB desktop into some apps and services peddling space.Still on the 'not-so-good' but this could be only an isolated instance, my first 9700 was dead on arrival but I was able to get a replacement quickly and this one works well.When it comes to rating the Bold 9700, within the context of Blackberries, it's probably one of the best. It's lighter, brighter, sharper, faster and provides more functionality than previous models so it's a five-star.

buen producto

good condition, excelent the celphone when arrive at home.I so late this recomendation but I think never is worst than late

It is up to you !!if you are looking for a useless device, buy this smartphone (not really smart).NO SKYPE, you habe TO BUY an app called I + TALK which is not working very wellkeep just to disconnect and it is not for free !!  hopeless !!the otical trackpad is not working very well, and when the system is slowingdown because you are opening an app, the trackpad is useless.the wireless is slow, and the brawser is also slow and not optimized !!the pc software is not optimized and with that you can not do so much.please don't waste your time and money in this stuff, wait, maybe spendsome more bucks, but buy something reliable and usefull, whatevere you whantbut not BLACKBERRY.  now i understend why RIM is going down in the market !!

Se recibio el equipo en excelentes condiciones, en el tiempo previsto y todo original, me encuentro satisfecho con el producto. excelente vendedor

VENDEDOR MUY RESPONSABLE, ENTREGA A TIEMPO EL ARTICULO ES DE EXCELENTE CALIDAD, CIEN POR CIENTO CONFIABLE, EN RELACION AL ARTICULO ES DE FACIL MANEJO, SE PUEDE ACTUALIZAR RAPIDAMENTE, ESTOY MUY SATISFECHO CON LA COMPRA

Recibimos hace 2 semanas, los primeros dias el celular funcionaba bien solo con el problema de que la pantalla cuando se reiniciaba se distorcionaba. Hace una semana el telefono presento una falla en el trackpad que se quedaba pegado, mandamos a cambiarlo y el telefono siguio con la falla para luego llevarla a un tecnico autorizado en blackberry y nos notifica que el celular "NO ES NUEVO, SON RECONSTRUIDOS" no solo eso, sino que esta da&ntilde;ada una soldadura de sensabilidad asi como tambien la pantalla que se esta quemando. Este proveedor no es de confianza vende equipos usados y en mal estado, ofreciendolos como nuevos. Ahora quien se hace responsable de todos gastos ocasionados a raiz de este enga&ntilde;o y estafa.

got the phone the next day even though i paid for 2day shipping and it was in great condition. Have it for a month and no problems, great phone, does everythin i need :D

I bought this item from SellphoneStop and this guys are great, brand new item with all accesories  no sd card by the way) the phone works flawless for a month and the Os can be upgraded just out of the box, excellent product, i'm buying another one from tha same seller

I have problems with the phone,I oppened a couple of weeks ago and i was working ok, the this last friday I've got a message on the screen that says reload software 507 error, I don't know what's wrong with it, I do not have the box anynmore, what should I do with this?

Me siento profundamente ESTAFADO por la tienda donde compre el tel&eacute;fono, no es ni la sombra de lo que compre, el celular NO ERA NUEVO pues esta totalmente reconstruido, a solo un mes de uso se da&ntilde;o el pin de carga, no es posible la comunicaci&oacute;n entre el celular y la pc pues no reconoce la tarjeta Micro SD y lo peor es que lo he llevado a varios centros autorizados por BlackBerry y me dicen que no tiene soluci&oacute;n, pues vino DA&Ntilde;ADO, ademas que aunque en las caracter&iacute;sticas destaca que el celular es tecnologia 3G NUNCA se conectado como tal, ademas en ning&uacute;n lugar especifica que el celular es de TMobile de haberlo sabido NO LO COMPRO porque la tecnolog&iacute;a de TMobile no es compatible con las operadoras de servicios telef&oacute;nicos de mi pa&iacute;s.Realmente me siento estafado por el vendedor por lo que no le recomiendo a NADIE comprar en dicha tienda.Eduardo Villalobos.Mcbo - Venezuela

The serviso is bad, there is absent loader, earphone, CD, original Manual, card of 2 GB, the secondhand battery, the box was adulterated

I absolutely love my blackberry 9700!  It works perfectly in China!  Highly recommend!

Second phone was good. First phone shipped didn't work so had to return to get another one. Shipped out the second one fast after they received the first phone back.

is a normal little versatile and very little capacity for the type of work I do is a shame to call. thought it would be of more help but I do not really like

This is an excellent and freindly to the touch kind a product. The keys are quite responsive and I love it, even though my wife has taken possession of it

the phone I came quickly and in good condition indeed cob accessories included, the only thing I would say is bad is that the 3G network is not m grabs everywhere but the rest of the product is excellent

I am on a long-term assignment away from home, so for Christmas I sent my wife the latest Blackberry that just came out, the Blackberry Bold 9700 (Unlocked).  Being out of the country, I haven't seen it, or used it, but I can offer a "thumbs-up" from her point of view.  Every time I talk to her she brags about it and keeps telling me "You have to get one, you have to get one!"

-Horrible camera with laughable image quality-Excruciatingly slow web browsing-Mediocre battery life-Back of phone fell off after a month of light use-Requires rebooting every few weeks-Slow to retrieve messages-Ringer doesn't always work-Ringtones don't always work as selected-Small screen-Ball often gets stuck-Poor app performance (nearly every app out there)-Keys get stuckThe only pro to this wretched device is that my work foots the bill for it. Would never purchase this device or recommend to anyone other than my worst enemies. Truly foul and deplorable.

I really like this phone but the volume down key didn't work when I got it. I was shocked!! I don't live in the US. I had it repaired and now everything is OK. I love it.You know, when you pay 470 dollars for a phone, you don't really expect to get it defective. I was disappointed. A lot of BB customers have had the same problem. Please,manufacturer, take this into consideration!!

Everything is perfect! brought everything they says the product, new item in its original box and was delivered ahead of schedule.3G compatible in 1900mhz (perfect to Telefonica/Movistar y Movilnet Venezuela).Todo esta perfecto! trajo todo lo que dice el producto, articulo nuevo en su caja original y fue entregado antes de lo estimado. 3G esta compatible en 1900 mhz (para Telefonica/Movistar y Movilnet Venezuela).

Excellent product recommend it. Very good service and delivery was at the time indicated. bantante equipment is good and in my country Venezuela works without problem.

First I would like to say that before having the Bold 9700, I owned and absolutely loved my curve for nearly two years.  It was/is the best phone I have ever had, and it was super bulletproof (besides a $3 trackball replacement every now and then).So when my free upgrade became available, the Bold 9700 seemed like the best choice.  I was initially seriously excited about the new size and sleek operating system, but when sending a text 6 days after getting the phone, it locked up, shut down, and would not reboot.I exchanged this Bold 9700 for another new phone at the wireless shop, and this phone performed the same failure 14 days later.I exchanged that failed Bold for a third Bold.  This time I insisted on getting a fresh SIM card, memory card, and charger, as I thought maybe there was a hardware interaction that wasn't the phone's fault.  This (3rd) Bold lasted TWO days, then it shut itself off while sending a text message.  I hope somebody at RIM figures this out, and I would strongly suggest that nobody purchase this product.

I've owned Blackberries for years, as soon as the Bold 9000 was on the market I purchased it and was satisfied since then.  I thought about upgrading and heard that the 9700 was pretty much the same as the 9000 so was unsettled about the purchase.  I am thrilled that I did it.  The 9700 is noticeably smaller and lighter, yes with a smaller keyboard but that isn't a problem for my small fingers.  Simple feature improvements with text, contacts, etc were very nice and appreciated but there wasn't anything spectacularly different.  Well, the camera is definitely nicer, visual voicemail is fun, and the trackpad was much better than I expected (night and day compared to the trackball).  Blackberry has its issues but it works for me as I do not know other smartphones that allow me to view/edit word documents.  The USB and headset changed, needed to update that which is lame but not a big deal.  I thought I wouldn't really notice the difference between the 9000 and 9700 but there is definitely an improvement and it feels more compact with all my work needs still met.

It's my first Blackberry and I was a little afraid about some bad reviews... but this BB works for me wonderfully. I love the keypad, the screen is nice and after some days getting used to the BB world, I'm totally addict. I don't use it for work, only to get in touch via BBM with my friends all over the worlds as I don't leave in my country, and it is perfect for me. The applications work fast, the battery last a good 2 days if I use the phone a lot, and 3 days if not.I don't know how I was living without it before ;-)

i received a T-Mobile phone, and it is not fully unlocked. I regret my purchase.

bought for my wife no complaints ./..... ..... ... .. .. . .. .. .. .. /. . ./ .. ./. .

I've owned this phone for nearly three months and, over that time, have spent well over three and a half hours on with T-Mobile, BlackBerry, and RIM customer service.  (NONE of my issues were successfully resolved by these "experts.")  The operating system has serious defects, the desktop software is next to useless, and the device itself doesn't work as it should.It's a lovely, sleek-looking little device, but what a tremendous disappointment.  I will never, ever buy another BlackBerry.

Yes, I am still rocking the blackberry. Needed a replacement ASAP. Shipping was fast.  The price was right. This refurbished phone has worked great. No problems.

Estoy Totalmente decepcionado, he pedido el pecado tel&eacute;fono 9700 nuevo y me Han Enviado de la ONU tel&eacute;fono usado, al revisar El Estado del Dispositivo le Escribo La Palabra buyr Muestra y 5 horas de la USO de Voz y mas de 10.000 k de descarga, ademas Presentaci&oacute;n Signos de desgaste en la Bater&iacute;a y cargador de El, El tel&eacute;fono de la ONU tuvo Costo de $ 303,99 y Me Siento muy decepcionado PORQUE me VENDIDO Han pecado tel&eacute;fono usado como nuevo, los Llame parr Que me reconocieran y Algoritmos Nunca lo hicieron, hijo irresponsables UNOS.

I had strange reactions when trying to connect to my phone network, where I found out that it was a european unit, that did not connect to the network that we have, that was sad, but could use the phone.Over a year after the phone stopped working, had to take it to a local repair shop, where they discovered it was rebuilt, a same, and too late to do anything.

really factory unlock.new device.bbm works for all network.it comes with handset and cd for the device.it is not used or referbish

the phone  came with no memory physically  the cell phone was not new,  this changed the housing  that does not fit well,  the cells showed signs of  dirt for use without  micas of protection when  new, the frame counter this  in 1640 . Bad buy.  action amazon

very good technology, very macho. great gift for a guy who likes to keep in touch. it is easy to use and the buttons are very soft.

excelente! el producto funciona muy bien en venezuela... es  la primera vez q compro por este sistema...llego antes de la fecha indicada, todos los accesorios son nuevos..los recomiendo!!

I have recently purchased it and it looks good and very user friendly. Although the screen is not big but that keeps the size of the device small, which is a good plus.

I just recieved my blackberry bold 9700. Very quick service. But...... I do not know how to operate the phone, since I did not recieve any  written information. No booklet nothing. I hope it is the 9700 bold that I paid for. There is no way I can tell from the phone itself. unless I go to a shop and find out about it....

This was bought for me as a surprise gift. I knew that the blackberry was famous for its capabilities. I have done alot with this phone such as homework at college and such since i don't have a labtop yet. AT first it was really frusterating to work with since its operates kind of funky ( such as freezing up, the volumes wouldnt work, small stuff like that etc.) but as i kept using it those problems seem to go away. Some are the cons are the keyboard letters are quite small I am an asian girl who has really small fingers but find texting a hassel sometimes hahaha. However the graphics are BEAUTIFUL. The complete box gives you a USB cord, easy to read pamplets and a CD to make transfering your files a snap. If I could use this blackberry forever I would. I prefer this over the Iphone that my cousin has simply because its sleek and more sophisticated looking in my opinion. The blackberry bold is the way to go. If you don't want to gamble you should definately consider buying a warranty for those of you who use up alot of space and such, This blackberry is prone to freeze ups. Hope this was helpful

THE POUCH AND THE CD WERE NOT IN THE BOX! YOU OFFERED SOMETHING AND I DIDNT RECEIVE IT!! I WANT YOU TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM VERY FAST!

Estos tlf vienen desde japon y son celulares ya usados por otra persona, no lo recomiendo en 100%, ademas a las personas de Venezuela les digo que sube a 3G solo por la operadora digitel.

solo recibi el equipo y cargador. aun asi se encuentra en buen estado, buen vendedor, rapida respuesta. gracias feliz dia.

The Bold 9700 is a great product.  It's more compact that the Bold 9000 that I used to own.  I much prefer the touch-sensitive track pad compared to the trackball too.  Besides those two main factors the functions and battery life are basically the same between the two.

OS isnt english when you first start. You need choice and set based on the instruction.Work is not very sophisticated, the gap a bit large, but very powerful, you need to find yourself slowly.

I bought this phone and 1 week later after i bought it get the white screen of death.. dont buy it without a warranty specially from amazon...

i will order this phone today like right now but i need to know if it is gsm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! because i don't need a phone that cannot go with a sim slot

This was supposed to be an unlocked blackberry, but it wasn't. I had to pay to unlock it. The owner did not wipe the phone of any of it's contacts, texts, etc. I had to wipe it myself. Plus, there's a nasty crack in the screen. Other than that, it works very well now that I've done the necessary requirements for this phone. Sorry if this comment was malicious.

buen amigo quer&iacute;a saber si funciona el tel&eacute;fono con la red 3G en todas las bandas que dices?3G funciona con la banda de 900 MHz?Espero comprar su pronta respuesta

This phone is great for someone like me who needs to switch sim cards while traveling. It works everywhere and I get my email wherever I am. The screen is not too big, but not too small and vibrant. At first I didn't like the new trackball, but after a week of using it, it is so much better than the old trackball that would get stuck, and not point where you wanted.The biggest drawback is setup. You have to get the blackberry service in some country first. The old blackberry's would let you just have internet and run everything from that. Now you have to get the BB internet service from a provider for the Gmail and other email accounts come up. This can be expensive, but the service is great when you have it.All in all, I would recommend this to anyone who can use a smartphone to simplify their life. It never stops and needs a restart like windows machines, and offers better security than droid.

me parece muy bien el producto hasta ahora, aunque el celular me llego con la tecla SPACE da&ntilde;ado :( ....

This phone have seriously hardware problems, with the keyboard, the battery, the charger. The keyboard is a totally mess, repeats almost ALL of the letters, that is so annoying. The battery; it is known that the batterys of this smartphones had a one day life time, maybe a little less with heavy use: this equipment when reach the last two lines of battery energy turns off, the battery obviously had something wrong, is not normal that this happens comparing the lifetime with other 9700 blackberrys, there is too a problem with the entry plug for the charger, it seems to have a problem to detect the charger, and starts to connect/disconnect repeatedly for a really long time, or maybe is a charger issue. Why i say this equipment is re-assembled? There are some screws missing, and not because I lost them.

I bought this "BlackBerry Bold 9700 - Smartphone - 3G - WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM - QWERTY - BlackBerry OS - black" less than 3 days ago and I discovered there is no 3G in this phone and worse, my trackpad stop working today. I am so disappointed with this Blackberry and with my order. It is a shame, I would like my money back.And, in the other hand, this came without the "2Gb Memory card" it says. This is stilling people. DO NOT BUY THIS ARTICLES if what you are looking for is exactly whats is "written" in the description because this is fake. FRAUD!So sad Amazon let this people sell their products!

BlackBerry Bold 9700 - Smartphone - 3G - WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM - QWERTY - BlackBerry OS - black  I really like the phone grabs my home wifi network I recommend excellent investment

I got the Blackberry Bold on a Saturday and the keyboard stopped working on Sunday. The charger never worked so I had to buy a new one.

el vendedor no me pudo enviar el tel&eacute;fono supuesta mente por que la direcci&oacute;n no le parec&iacute;a (aunque compre otro articulo con esa misma direcci&oacute;n y si me llego sin ning&uacute;n inconveniente

this was the last blackberry I bought, the battery did not work well, really bad!The phone was wrong but the battery is terrible, do not know if it was just my case or something generic on these phones

I did purchase this product from Amazon. It was completely to my disatisfaction. The box contained a used blackberry. No installation CD and no case. This was included when I placed the order. I"m sorry to say I have been ripped off from this deal and I have been made to believe AMAZON has not satisfied the customer requirment and no longer can be trusted.I am dissapointed...

Buenas noches,El presente es para informarles que todavia no he recibido este articulo, por favor quisiera que me orientaran que debo hacer para recuperar mi paquete.Mil gracias.

A very good friend nicknamed the GT Cellular Guru talked me into purchasing this phone. Aside from excellent battery life thus far let me say that you are not popular until you've owned this phone.

This phone is awesome! I LOVE IT!!! It is so fast! Best of all, however, is you can use it as your primary internet. Yep! Just uninstall your old Blackberry desktop manager and install the new disc that comes with your Bold. Connect your phone to laptop with the usb cable that comes with your phone. Open your new desktop manager...you now set an IP profile from the list...like say T-mobile if that's who you're with...click start ip session and you're connected to the internet. And it is FAST!!! I got rid of my DSL and my Sprint air card it's so good. Have fun with your new phone. You're going to love it!

I recently bought this phone and at first i thought it was great. However, mmy bbm's often take really long to deliver and sometimes it shows good battery but shuts completly down wen i make or recieve a call. When i pluug it in to charge it takes a while to start functioning again because the battery is sooo dead..confusing to me but hey..wudnt reccomend these pple at all..cause they dont accept returns!

I have been using this phone for about a week now. And while this device beats previous bold 9000 in many aspects there is still much to be improved. So let me first say things that I do like about the phone. Of course the greatest improvement was the addition of the trackpad, at first it was kind of unusual to navigate with it but I got accustomed to it very quickly. Second thing is the screen resolution, it was improved from the old bold by 480x360 vs 480x320 pixels. The screen is really crisp and bright and sunlight legibility is very decent. The camera also experienced an improvement and while I was taking pictures outside on a bright day and later comparing them to the previous bold, there is a very noticeable change, pictures look somewhat close to my wife's 10 megapixel canon camera. I was also surprised by the improved quality of the videos this device shoots. Much better and less pixelated  than the original bold! Now for the things that I don't like or wished to be improved. Despite of the fact that everyone raves about "amazing" battery life on this device, I must say I am disappointed. At best, the battery lasts me a day and a half but not two day as many reviewers say. Perhaps I do extensive web browsing and chatting via instant messaging. I usually like to read various blogs and news on opera mini 5 browser and I noticed that this application along with IM+ drains battery like crazy! Of course at least now I don't have to carry a spare battery with me like it was with the previous bold since I am sure this one will last me for the full day.  But most often I still have to charge it every night. Which is kind of a disappointment and not what I expected after reading various reviews. Now about the browser: It sucks.... It simply sucks so much that any other smartphone's browser will put it to shame. But another annoying problem now that I noticed is that I can't get to mobile version of citibank online at all! No matter how I would reconfigure the browser... So it means no banking online for me as I used to do on my previous bold. Very annoying... The browser is still slow as hell  and only the fact that I have opera on this phone doesn't make it a deal breaker. I must say though that I am running a latest .405 version of the software and perhaps the issue with banking online maybe be fixed in later versions. Which I again, doubt very much. Now another disappointment is the absence of many supported languages. For example there is no Russian support whatsoever. But than again, it may be released in the later versions. I hope so. And now last but not least is the speaker quality. In the first day of use I noticed that the speaker has been  downgraded. Instead of the three speakers which previous bold had, this device has only one and when you bring the volume all the way up you can hear a rattling noise. Not a very nice experience... Overall I like the device especially it's size, I was skeptical about it as I liked the bold 9000 big screen. But this one seems to be slim and looks more eye appealing. Also I like the battery cover design, you can not accidentally open it and whole device seems sturdy and has a look of a professional tool. Hopefully with next updates there will be support for more languages. But as of now I am giving it only 3 stars.UPDATE:Couple of weeks ago I noticed that phone would randomly delete data, but today was the worst: In the morning I discovered that all my contacts were completely wiped out!!! by itself! And when I tried to restore them from the backup file it would not do that saying that the file is read only. I tried this file in my old curve 8310 and it worked flawlessly. So I suspect that there are serious bugs in the OS 5.0 and AT&T; is not coming up with any updates as of yet. In a mean time I am lowering score for this phone because I am very disappointed by the poor implementationUPDATE 2:As five months passed since I got this phone, I must admit I like it much more than I did before. True, I still have some issues with it, but these issues are just too minor comparing to lots of useful features that this device delivers. Previously I wrote that it deleted all my contacts from the phone book, and last week it just happened again but I noticed that it happened after I added an another gmail account to the phone. So after I gooogled a bit I found out that gmail actually will sync your contacts with your gmail account but for some unknown reason remove them from the phone book. So basically all you have to do is to download google sync on your phone and transfer contacts back to the phone book. So I tend to believe that this issue has more to do with google gmail setup rather than the phone itself. Also the issue with the Citibank mobile site have resolved mysteriously, and now I am able to do banking through the native browser (which still sucks by the way in many aspects) I am also looking forward to the release of OS 6.0 which should include webkit browser with flash support and other new and exciting features. So I must say that ever since I got this phone it never crashed or restarted on me, not even a single time. So I must increase the rating of the phone to 4 stars as it's been a really great tool which I certainly can rely on in terms of usability and trust.

THIS CELL IS EXCELLENT.. MY BOY ARE HAPPY HAPPY WHITH THIS CELL.. .I AM VERY VERY HAPPY.. THE MATERIAL IS VERY VERY GOOD..

Es un buen telefono. Solo que me lo enviaron con la tapa da&ntilde;ana y tuve que comprar otra. Ademas que la pila se descarga muy rapido. Creo que son reconstruidos. En cuanto a funcion todo marcha bien.

Loved this unit!!  Touch pad much better than roller ball.  BB keyboard sets the standard!  Am now using a Motorola Droid 4...screen is great, but keyboard, while better than touch screen, is not on par with BB!

Thanks Amazon,Thanks for the timely delivery of the product, but the blackberry box was not sealed, and a part of the Blackberry housing in the keypad was broken.It's ok and I can use it, but I would be more happy if the product was defect free because I bought it brand new and I paid $440 for it.Anyways, thanks a lot.

El telefono es muy bueno, es de AT and T, lo unico fue que no me trajo la memoria de 2gb, muy mal porque en la descripcion dice que si la trae.

I love this phone. camera is just as good as my digital, the touch pad is the best part. No Track ball on this phone. Very easy to navigate. Speaker for speakerphone or use as MP3 player is pretty good. I have slacker radio loaded on it, i can set the phone on the counter and listen to music while cleaning. So far the best BB I have ever had.I had the curve 8300 and the Storm previously.

The Blackberry Bold from AT&T definitely has to be one of the best phones out there. For starters, it is extremely small and lightweight and can easily be slipped into any pocket. It has the touch pad which is nice looking, and it never breaks like the track ball always does. When I am using my Bold, I never feel held back from doing anything. I can check my email, the weather, surf the browser, text, use the calendar, make phone calls and conferences, use apps, and BBM. There is also space to upload music onto it and you can listen to music like you can on an iPod. The limits are endless. On top of all this, I must have dropped my Bold over 50 times, and not once has there been a problem because of that. I have also gotten it sufficiently wet, and that didn't cause problems either. The only "downside" is that you do have to pay a $30/month fee for a data plan but it is totally worth it. Everyone should buy this phone, it's awesome!

I am thrilled with the Bold 9700 International Version that I purchased. There was a mixup with the shipping, but was recognized early and Millenium Solutions sent another phone out next day shippment, did not charge for it and also included a car charger for the slight inconvenience. I would not hesitate to purchase anything from this Vendor. Thanks

I did not pay attention to all reviews and I bought it and now I'm regret of it. All accessories were used, it didn't bring the 2GB memory card that was advertised. Its a Tmobile phone (it was not commented in the page) so you can not use it with any other carrier on 3G. I wrote to Buying It and they send me a 2GB memory after but I could not get the change of the Tmobile by an ATT phone, so I'm never going to be able to use 3G bands just Edge. So every time you buy a phone be careful because you could be punished to work on Edge all the  time.

I bought this because it was exactly what i was looking for. I've used this phone for over 2 years now and I still have it

Muy buen cliente, es responsable y puntual con la entrega, lo recomiendo, aunque el &uacute;nico inconveniente fue que el auricular me llego en mal estado todo lo dem&aacute;s muy bien

This was one of the best buys I've done ..The BlackBerry 9700 Bold is actually unlocked ... I can access the internet .. listening to music .. take great photos ..Also I was very well assisted by Chris (Customer service department, Lucky Electronics) when I had some doubts about the device ..I recommend buying

i got this phone from sellphonestop and isnt new, its refurbished, the first time i saw the phone i thought was new, but few days later i start to have doubts about it because the phone started to crash. theres a way to know if you phone is new or not. first if you have an older OS than 6.00 you need to do this:go to options, then status and write BUYR, will appear hidden data about the use of the phone, if the data is 0 then your phone is newfor os6.0 find status option and do the samei tryed today and my phone use was 11 hours of voice time, and 481mb of webbrowsing. so be aware of this seller

I haven't ordered the Bold from this seller. I just wanted to voice my opinion about this phone and save anyone who's thinking of buying this phone from the trouble I went through. I was happy with the phone for the first 4-5 months. Exceptionally happy. The apps are pretty much useless especially if you're into that kind of stuff but I didn't care too much for the apps so I thought the phone was decent when I bought it. And then it started giving me trouble. The keys got dislodged when I was travelling and needed my phone the most. That problem fixed itself however after 2 months it reoccured and now the damage seems permanent. When I called customer support they told me lots of BB owners called in with the same problem. I was lucky enough to get another phone at a good price. So many of my friends with Blackberry's are facing the same issue. I'm getting an Android now.

I'll keep this short and sweet.  I've had my Bold for 2 weeks now and it's terrible.  This phone is supposed to be best in class for email.  It does everything worse than an iPhone or Droid INCLUDING email and SMS.  My iPhone receives emails and texts faster and more reliably than the BBerry and a friend's droid does the same for Verizon.  I've been on the phone with tech support several times.  Their go-to solution?  Remove the battery and hard restart the phone.  I'm of the opinion that a brand new $500 phone shouldn't need a band-aid to work as advertised.Avoid the Bold like the plague.  You've been warned.

Thank you

I bought this phone unlocked so I wouldn't have to pay the monthly data plan to my carrier, however, I noticed that just by using the wifi to connect to the internet I was having few critical problems that my iPhone didn't have.  Here's what I encountered, some of the web pages weren't being opened and others did.  The ones that weren't being opened just gave me a blank page and stalled then I tried going to Yahoo site and it opened to that page without any problems??!!  You might think it was just a fluke or that page I tried opening was a non-active site but I can assure you that I tried with many other sites and it also gave me that same problems.  And then there were other sites that would open but only uses half of the screen so that it made it difficult to read due to the smallness of the images. This problem didn't exist with the other older model wide screen Blackberry with track ball.  Another critical flaw is that the email accounts doesn't work and it wouldn't allow you to create any email accounts.  I believe this is due to the fact that since Blackberry has their own server for the emails and if you have no data plan the Blackberry somehow doesn't allow you to connect to their site.  So the only way you can check your email is by using wifi to access your email account website such as Yahoo, Gmail, Hotmail and etc.  But then again you would encounter the site either it's going to open up or not as I mentioned from above, so it becomes hit or a miss every time you are trying to access some website.  I have an older iPhone and so I wanted to get a newer smart phone and wanted to try out Blackberry since I heard so much about how great their emails and such but if you can't access it then it becomes no better than a dumb phone.  So to pay all that money to get this phone was a waste.  My only suggestion is that if you want to get this phone then make sure you have a data plan otherwise you'll be having all problems I mentioned.  But then again, there are sites I mentioned that it would only uses half of the screen so it would be difficult in trying to read the words or viewing the images.  I would just stay away from this phone completely because there are so many other unlocked smart phones without all these problems I mentioned and probably costs much less than this one.

I bought 2sets.It arrived early enough as usual. All the contents were accounted for and i am very happy with my purchase.I have read about the 'P' key falling off after 3weeks...i haven't yet gotten to that point but will definitely update my post if anything negative crops up. I highly recommend updating the device software before use!

I get the product and is locked, I went to several places to get it unlocked and servicer could fix me an, from the date of purchase to date only a service technician told me that the phone has no arrangement that has something wrong it only serves to spare and do not buy it for that anyway so I was lost and spending with that device.

Basically phone came in good condition, however missing the air piece, sd memory card and pouch dat was promised.. so am giving it 2 stars

Phone was refurbished. I was told I would get a brand new phone and receiver on refurbished instead. But that's not the worst part, no accesories were included on my package (I only received the battery and the USB cable).Keyboard didn't work well, it kept on typing letters I hadn't pressed so I had to get it fixed by a technician. Besides the battery they sent me was not a Blackberry original and didn't work, so I had to buy a new one, and to make it even worst the phone goes off with no notice. It just goes off and won't start unless I plugged it in to get charge.Don't get this product I feel totally dissapointed and cheated.

This phone was amazing. The camera quality was spectacular. Video quality was okay.. The keyboard was fine (for a man i'm not sure... maybe a little too small)and the trackpad was very sharp. the resolution on the screen was great. My battery could last up to 4 days if you put in on standby mode when ever you're not playing with it! Standby mode is a life saver! (this is a feature most bb have) the call quality was great- speaker phone was good too. the 3.5mm jack was so convenient as well. the only flaw i'd have to say was the BROWSER. Needs work. But as for the rest.. it was an amazing phone. So amazing that someone stole mine. I am totally willing to buy another. Its everything a phone should be! (minus browser)

Great phone.  I like my women, my books, and my phones to be slim -- and this sure fits the bill.  Plus, I hate touch screens so the iPhone didn't even enter into it.  Besides, the iPhones like a brick in your pocket.

The pros are well documented in another review so will not duplicate, but the biggest con is the keyboard.  While one of the reviews stated that it is a matter of getting used to, after one month - I am still not used to it and the keybaord leads to many typos which never happened when I used the 8300 - some so bad that the dictionary can not provide alternatives because the mistake was too bad.  Perhaps the feel of the 8300 keyboard was a bit crude, but it was solid - you knew which key you were pressing.  The 9700 is a different story, so I would recommend anyone planning to purchase this BB to go to your nearest retailer and try out the keyboard, try typing several long sentences.  Since I upgraded through my company, no hit to my wallet, but upon further review, I might have been better off with the 9000 (I decided not to upgrade from the 8300 when the 9000 came out).  This is a fantastic product, but the keyboard is very sub par.---- added ----Btw, the unit died on me after 3 days (continuous reboot loop) and tmobile is sending me a replacement.  Come on....---- update ----Ok, received the replacement unit.  It works fine.  That said, after several months of using it, i still HATE THE KEYBOARD and have not gotten used to it.  So buyer beware, don't trust those who say you will get used to it, go and use it at a nearby store before making a decision.

Compre un celular usado en amazon y me llego con la pantalla da&ntilde;ada tuve que cambiarsela en la publicidad no decia que el equipo estaba da&ntilde;ado asi que no comprare mas nada en amazon usado ya que enga&ntilde;an a la gente

a must have..............stylish and it lives up to all my expectations, this is by far the best bb ever

Great product. The quality of speaker is great. Excellent keyboard, and top-notch battery life.  but it still has flaws since the model is now outdated.

I love blackberry, it is fast, has advantages that another models, i like so much, and it is easy to use

I urgently need a commercial invoice, so I can not send to my phone from Miami to Venezuela. Thank you. It is very urgent because my phone is  no have commercial invoice for to send him to Venezuela. I need a quick answer..

the product is of excellent quality, and the time when the delivery has been made &#8203;&#8203;very punctual, I recommend it to others the product is genuine.

By far the best blackberry i've owned. Small footprint (Almost a 8900 case) very fast processor. The phone reset With stock os but solved with lastest os upgade.

this the bb for realit runs all apps great but some IM like windows live and yahoo MSG don't work...

Disculpen mi pregunta la hago por la razon siguiente, me acaba de llegar el equipo pero al recibirlo no me senti satisfecha ya que en la descripcion del producto decia que  &iquest;Qu&eacute; hay en la caja? Cargador, Bater&iacute;a, CD, Manual, Auricular, Bolsa, Cable USB, 2 GB tarjeta de memoriaNO me vino la tarjeta de memoria, la bolsa extremadamente grande para el celular, el cargador no es original el cable USB tampoco es original, los auriculares tampoco.... Quiero un poco de sinceridad ya que no quiero sentirme estafada, le tengo mucha confianza a Amazon ccada a&ntilde;o que puedo compro aqui por la confianza que ha dado, seria la primera vez que me quejaria la verdad no me quiero sentir ofendida, en cuanto a el sistema del celular no les puedo expresar mucho ya que apenas lo acabo de recibir como les comente..
