
I have had this phone for a few days.  I did my research reading reviews on here, youtube, and other tech websites.  This phone is amazing with its features.  It has most of the functions from a smartphone.  I think the good things that will commonly be used will be, the QWERTY keyboard for texting, the browser, custom wallpaper changes, Camera/video recording, and the calendar/tasks.My main decision for getting this phone is the costs of services.  AT&T; will charge you only $15/month for unlimited data use internet because this is "not a smartphone".  This is a good alternative for people who want an iphone, but don't need the ridiculous amount of APPs and features.  Yes, the iphone is A LOT better than this phone, but for only $15/month, you can browse the internet on a nicer, clearer screen than the iphone (this phone uses AMOLED).  I would have acquired the 8 or 16gb iphone, but I decided on this phone, which has cheaper internet, an okay browser (I plan on changing this with a mod), I can get an 8gb microSD cheap (and upgrade later to 16gb if I need more space), the phone has a qwerty keyboard for texting/typing, FREE GPS (you have to mod it so you don't have to pay for AT&T;'s nav service), 3 megapixel camera vs iphone's 2.  I forgot to mention, this phone also uses 3G.  You can also avoid text/messaging charges if you dont have a plan by using the internet browser to log onto [...] or just install a custom app messenger.  This phone has lots of functions and it looks great (even though it's plastic) with the blue painted surfaces.Now for the cons: (pretty much what everyone already says on other reviews)-battery life could be better-proprietary OS (the phone can be customized better and have lots of custom APPs developed for it if it was Windows mobile)-The dreaded LOCK button on the side.  This was designed to be hard to press by accident on your pocket or while holding it.  Instead, it has become annoying to unlock.  Some people can get used to this button, and there are work arounds such as simply sliding out the QWERTY keyboard to unlock the phone.-Ringtones  under 300kb limitation-Camera no flash-no Wi-Fi (would be great for people who don't want to pay monthly internet service for a phone)-no phonebook sync supposedly (I got around this by using some version of the software for the Eternity, the NPS IB5 version pc studio manager, try searching google for Samsung_NPS.IB5.exe)-still not as good as an iphone (really though, I won't use every single thing on the iphone, and I don't need to pay $80 or more after taxes per month for a cellphone).I'm happy with this phone because it's cheaper to own monthly, and I still have a browser to surf the net on a much better screen (AMOLED).  The games and app support will never be as great as an iphone (since everyone owns an iphone!)  but I'm happy with the ones provided on the internet (google around and you'll find  a lot for free on this phone) for this phone.  I can even find places I've never been to using the GPS.  The Impression tries to be like a smartphone/iphone, but Samsung has done a great job designing it that way!I would like to link a website where the custom apps and lots of extra info on this phone can be acquired, but I think it's not allowed on a review.  But, Google is your best friend :)UPDATE:So It's been nearly 7 months since I've had this phone.  I'm changing my review to perfect 5 stars.  There is one additional con I did not mention.  This is the ringtone and vibration problem.  The phone starts at low volume or vibration when receiving a call. the volume goes up as the call keeps ringing.  This is bad when you can miss calls just because you did not hear the first ring or two.  new con #2:  the use of a dongle adapter for your earphones sucks.  You must have this on in order to use headphones for this cellphone to use as an mp3 player(IT actually is a great mp3 player with an equalizer that gives awesome sound).  You also CANNOT charge your phone or while doing this as you are using the data connector socket.So why give 5 stars?  Since the review, I've added a few more modifications to the phone.  I added Google maps, which is also free GPS just like amAze GPS, but it gives me live traffic information on the freeway.  A-MusicID for free (recognizes songs as it listens to the song through the mic and returns the name/artist/title using the internet.  Opera Mini (faster browser than iphone) that views both mobile view in text only, or in full browser mode just like a desktop computer (which the iphone can't do).  eBuddy: AIM, MSN and yahoo messenger using the internet 3G instead of your text messaging plan (good if you dont want to pay for text messaging plan).  I would like to point to the website I acquired this.  But you would will to google around to find out how to add these applications.Easiest modification to add: mobile air internet for your laptop.  How is this done?  You can find the modem driver on google for this phone and install it in your windows xp, vista, 7 laptop.  You can then use the cellphone's internet 3G to browse in the internet on your laptop.  THIS is why I give it 5 stars.  I can use this mobile internet for emergencies when I need to get something off the internet that the cellphone itself can't do (such as retrieving an email or file).  This can only be done by having a usb cable for your cellphone to a pc/laptop or by bluetooth connection.Default feature: Panorama picture shots.  This feature has got to be the best thing this phone has against other phones.  It lets you take panorama shots of anything in view horizontally.  It is already on the phone without having to modify it.  I do not know of any other phone that has this feature, but I use it so very often and my friends find it really cool that I can take a picture of a whole room from a corner.This phone can never have the coolness factor of the iphone in terms of looks and the OS speed.  The iphone is probably has the best operating system (the look of it too) compared to most cellphones.  But I vote for my phone as the best phone ever for utility, use, and cost.  I hope my phone lasts long enough without any damage for the next few years until I can upgrade (if ever, I love my mobile internet for my laptop).

The Samsung Impression is exactly what you expect from an above average non smartphone, in having many pros and some cons.Pros:Excellent Screen (Quality Wise) - The Samsung Impression was the first phone released with an AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode) screen. Such a screen provided greater battery efficiency by using less power. Furthermore, the screen ends up being more vibrant, providing a noticeable pop in most rooms. The AMOLED screen also allows for slightly greater viewing ability in the sunlight.Keyboard - The Impression features a full qwerty slide out keyboard. The spring feels solid as does the keys. The keyboard provides a great combination of functionality without sacrificing too much of the form factor. The keyboard remains superior to similar phones including theLG Xenon GR500 Phone, Black (AT&T;)Call Quality - This is tricky, as in general AT&T;'s network is rather poor. However, one a call has actually been connected the call quality is great on both ends.Cons:Operating System - Multiple issues. First, the OS is rather laggy. Upon every powering on of the phone, the user must wait a minute of more in order to able to access text messages. Furthermore, the widgets themselves, the primary feature of Ssamsung's custom skin, are fairly useless, save for 3-5, and are limited to one's provided. There are also no ways to embed the widgets onto the home screen, thus touching of screen has a very good chance of impacting a widget. Finally, the OS in itself looks rather unrefined, and the black screen of the menu screen is reminiscent of some horrible non smart, non touch phones of years past.AT&T; Coverage - It must be noted that AT&T; has below average coverage and voice quality, enough so that they are pushing WiFi to combat the network congestion caused by iPhone users.Button placement - A small, but frustratingly notable flaw in the phone's design. All of the Impression's side buttons are placed in a somewhat recessed form for no intuitive reason. For example, attempting to use the lock key to unlock the screen will almost always cause the user to simply slide open the keyboard. Since such a move also unlocks the phone's screen, it has become common practice to simply slide open and close rather than using the lock/unlock button.Screen Resolution - Although the AMOLED screen itself is gorgeous, the low resolution makes its brilliance moot as the dots of individual pixels are made ever more clear.Conclusion - The Samsung Impression, regardless of the noted flaws is simply a product of the times we live in. In today's mobile world, the standard phone is quickly becoming a smart phone, thus necessitating the phone manufacturer's to effectively have no focus on non smart-phones. Thus, these 'dumb phones' use lesser material, and possess many OS and design flaws. Quite frankly, if one can afford the data plan, one should get a smart phone, many of which can be available for a competitive price such asNokia E71x Phone, Black (AT&T;)orHTC Droid Eris Phone (Verizon Wireless). If you can't, then the Samsung Impression is about as good of a phone as you can hope for. It has its flaws, but the features of having a touchscreen and a full qwerty keyboard make it one of the better choices out there.

I can not recommend this phone. It was(is) a disappointment for Samsung. The problem is with the touch screen. It is very unreliable and will completely quit right after the warranty is up. If you buy this phone, make sure to keep your address book on your SIM card and keep updating it. The phone will not last your complete time it is under contract. You will be unable to upgrade if you only have one phone in your home and will be stuck with shelling out for a new phone or a cheap GO phone. I usually like Samsung products, but cell phones are a different story.

The Samsung Impression is a great phone! I've been looking for a new phone for months. I did not text because it took me forever so I wanted a phone with a slide out qwerty board to help me text faster, and this one did. I'm not tech savy but this phone is so user friendly that I don't have to be, but I'm learning. Another thing that I think is great about this phone is that I have the option of of using the touch qwerty board & the numbers & letters are a good size so their easy to see, that was another reason why I chose this phone.  Some phone pads are just so small it's hard to see them and easy to hit the wrong key on accident but, not this one.  This phone is just plain awesome.  I highly recommend this phone, it's features are just great. And I got it for just a penney!!!, while AT&T wanted $199.00. My experience with Amazon has been great. Good Job Amazon!!

Hi, just another reviewer here whose touch screen went haywire.  I've had the phone for 5 months and have babied it, never dropped or got wet and the touch screen has started acting up.  Now I can't use the phone at all.  ATT is sending a replacement but it sounds like the touch screen failing is a common problem.  I plan on selling the replacement they send and getting something more reliable.  I can't recommend this phone.

Ok, I've been using this phone for over than month now. It's not my fav phone, usually I'm a big fan of smartphones (blackberry, nokia, htc) but what AT&T; charge for smartphone data plan is crazy, not to mention blackberries plans. So I decided to do a little research and found out that this phone is very close to smartphones and I decided to buy it. If you're looking for smartphone, just buy it, don't buy anything that says "almost smartphone".For first few days this phone was amazing. Like with any new toy I was using it almost 24/7.Pros: The qwerty keyboard is amazing. Easy buttons, feels nice, plenty of space for fingers. The screen is bright, the menu is simple.Cons: AT&T; crap! You can't delete it! There are ways to remove them (google it), but I'm just lazy to do it. Another thing is no Gmail support on mobile email application. No pop3, imap, smtp support as well. Samsung is pretty muched locked for any 3rd party applications. Google map is not designed to work with touch screen, so it's useless. Games are trials, you need to buy them. There's no attachments on emails. No 3mm earphone output. You need to buy adapter or special earplugs. You need to power cycle the phone, otherwise, and yes it was mentioned in other reviews, the phones stops sending messages and won't login to IMs. Widgets are useless, at least for me.Overall: It's nice text messaging phone and this is pretty much it. If the fix annoying bug with messaging with will be even better.Update: Having issues with buttons. When I press once I get like 3 of the same letters.

I have had this phone for about a week, and I stepped down to a "dumb phone" from a Blackberry Curve 8310.  I am NOT disappointed at all.  It is the closest thing to a smart phone you will get without having a smart phone.I purchased mine in mid-September, and I have not had any of the bugs mentioned so far.  The touch screen is very responsive, the phone is actually very fast, and the screen is crystal clear.  The slider feels well built, and the phone itself feels very quality made.  It is a little heavy (about the same weight as my Blackberry Curve) but I can manage for such a nice phone with great options.The 3 megapixel camera looks great for what it is.  I haven't used the video share feature so I can't comment on that.I didn't purchase the phone here, but I feel that it needs a review.All in all, I am extremely satisfied with my purchase.  It is a nice step down from a smart phone and their pricey data plans.

The phone is a little bulky but easy to use with lots of features.  The keyboard is spacious which makes texting easy.

I will come straight to the point. There are several reviews telling you about the beautiful clear screen. It certainly is by the way. That's it, my one star stops right there. Here are my reasons for taking away stars - Surprisingly following things are not touched by many reviewers.- The miniscual keypad lock button on the side is extremely hard to press. You tend to slide the keyboard everytime you do so.- The keypad lock button cannot be customized to lock after certain time.- Voice dial is NOT available as a phone feature. It is a paid service. It is very annoying and clumsy. You need to dial *08 to activate voice dialing. If you need to 'dial' even a single digit to get to voice dial, it defets the whole purpose of handsfree convenience.- You CANNOT search a specific contact in address book by typing name or company.- You CANNOT view address book by last name. It only goes by first name.- You can only scroll through the list alphabatically by first name only.- NO on board 'Help' menu. Altough the menu is fairly basic and intutive, it seriously lacks help function.I would have lived with these quirks if the moron Samsung designers had not made the following mistake -- If you have connected bluetooth headset, and wish to answer a call using the handset, it is nearly impossible to switch. You have to perform few annoying steps before you can bypass bluetooth !! Even low end phones allow you to quickly switch between bluetooth and headset and phone. I just can't believe Samsung missed this.- Another annoying thing is the software this phone comes with. It only syncs media and picures but not contacts. It just beats me why these phones don't come with a good contact manager which can sync with Outlook. It is a pain to add the address book everytime you get a new phone. This one at least took bulk bluetooth transfer from my Palm, however I cannot transfer them bulk from Samsung Impression.I don't mind simple phone, I don't care about the camera and how nice the MP3 player is; This phone is missing the very basics you expect in any decent phone. In my opinion a phone should be a phone first then everything else.  This is an increadibally beautiful phone with VERY attractive screen and icons, but at some point in life you do value intelect over looks, if you do, avoid this phone. If you don't, go for it!!

ProAMAZING AMAZING battery life. Don't have to charge for about a week when it's brand new. But after a year you need to charge it every 4 days.Camera is decentTouchscreen is niceHome page layout is functional and personalizableeasy to useCon:The worst, keyboard ever. I hate the keyboard. When I type something in it either doesn't go through or it puts the letter in double. so if you press Q you'll get QQ. So I can't type fast on it.A bit bulkyThe unlock button on the side is impossible to press but the volume up and down and camera button is nice

I got this phone about 6 months ago.  I liked it pretty well, especially the keyboard.  I would have been happy having a non-touch screen phone with a keyboard (gee, maybe I should have gotten a blackberry), so it's doubly disappointing that my touchscreen has quit working reliably.  Like when I was in the hospital trying to tell the kids that my significant other was going to survive his heart attack.When the phone works, it works well.  Great for internet email apps like Yahoo.  But I need a phone that will work all the time, so I've gone back to my old Sony Ericsson for the duration of my 2 year contract.  I do not recommend this phone, as I have treated it with kid gloves....no moisture problems, nothing.  I know I can send it back and get a refurbished one for a fee, but who wants to go to the trouble of that when you're dealing with a relatively new phone?

NOTES:If you want a phone that you can develop apps for, this is not it. The hardware is comparable to the iPhone, but Samsung has completely locked it down so I can't get any of my own apps or open source ones to run. Apparently they don't want to compete.Melvin Cordoba is wrong: this phone has built in GPS and the 3.2 inch display works great with AT&T; Navigator....however that app dims to a minimal brightness after the screen timeout expires so you have to keep touching the screen for the map to be visible - manually setting a 10 minute timeout every time you launch the app is a pain.Also, if you want a phone that can run 3rd party applications or programs you write yourself, this is not it. Samsung has locked this phone down so anything you install on it will not run. It is has the hardware to be a decent smartphone, but Samsung won't allow that.======I shopped for over a year before deciding on this phone and gave it 4 stars because of the weak battery and lack of WiFi.I am happy with the features, but the battery is almost fully drained by only about 2 hours of web browsing or music/video playing. If a high-capacity battery becomes available, I'll get it even if it means the back of the phone bulges out.Without using the media features, the battery lasts as advertised.If you are concerned about cell phone radiation, this one of the *BEST* phones availble. Head exposures are all well below 0.5 while Blackberry, Apple, etc. cook your brain with 4-5 times more radiation.SAR ratings from the Impression User Manual:GSM 850:* Head: 0.277 W/Kg.* Body-worn: 0.916 W/Kg.GSM 1900:* Head: 0.147 W/Kg.* Body-worn: 0.547 W/Kg.WCDMA 850:* Head: 0.195 W/Kg.* Body-worn: 0.384 W/Kg.WCDMA 1900:* Head: 0.349 W/Kg.* Body-worn: 0.833 W/Kg.Other notes:Even with low SAR numbers, I've had excellent reception so far.Phone is very stable to hold when the keypad is out, but is slippery and can easily be dropped while deploying the keypad. If a silicone case becomes available, I'll get it.Does not have a 3.5 mm headphone jack but an adapter is available for about $10. Using the cheap headphones that came with my first generation Zune, this phone produces some of the best sound I've ever heard from a music player.The CPU seems more than adequate for all applications, but it can heat up (the back of the case near the camera gets warm) and that probably accounts for the fast battery drain.Despite the 400x240 resolution, video is only supported at 320x240 or lower.Screen is bright with excellent contrast and color even at the dimmest setting.

I'm not going to talk about it's features, but i will inform you of other aspects.  This is definitely a phone you need to maintain.  I've read and viewed MANY reviews on this phone before i purchased it.  I'm a fairly big texter and i always keep my inbox level low to prevent any freezing or slowness.  It works.  I have the setting to not save outgoing messages as well.  The battery life doesn' last as long if you like to do a lot of web browsing and playing on the phone with texting and whatnot.  Some reviews i read complained about not very loud ringtone volume.  They either use low volume ringtones or their phone is jacked up because the ringtone level is very loud.  And yes the ringtone volume does start low and get louder but only in 2 seconds time.  The pullout qwerty keyboard is fantastic!  And i don't get all the complaints about the lock button.  You can easily hit the lock button by holding the phone with one hand.  I can see how the two hand approach can be annoying and not work very well.  Very durable phone and the screen is amazing!  The phone is a tad on the heavy side, but it's not horrible.  It's very customizable which i love.  If you make your own ringtones they do need to be under 300k.  But if they are short they just repeat which is fine.  The only thing you can't customize is the screensavers which are random pics that are already on the phone.  Yes some are flowery but they are excellent pictures and they only appear on the screen for a second or two, no big deal.  If you plan on using your own pictures and ringtones i would HIGHLY recommend using a mini SD card.  I haven't even touched the computer progam cd you can use to put data on the phone.  The sd card method is so much easier.  I have an 8 gig one and i have over 500 full songs and a bunch of images and ringtones i made.  I have used under 2 gigs of it so far.  I absolutely love the phone!  If you take care of the phone it will take care of you!  Enjoy!

i was stoked when i first got this phone, but i was soon disappointed.  there are no games pre-loaded; there are no free apps or games available for it.  it isn't nearly as customizable as my previous phones.  the top row of the keyboard is too close to the screen and the keyboard is crappy, it misses several buttons and doubles others.  this weird widget pops up whenever i power it on, all it does is say "no event."  There's no way to get rid of that.  The screen lock button is depressed and poorly placed.  i have to poke it with a key to lock the screen.oh, and the screen game unplugged or something, so now i can't see jack.  i hate it.



I love Amazon. I got lucky when I found this deal.The store wanted $300 for my phone..and that was with a new contract..and A.T. & T. online wanted $200...with Amazon...It was one red cent....5 stars for Amazon

The Samsung Impression is, by far, the worst mobile phone I've ever had the displeasure of using. If you're thinking about buying it - don't. I'm on my third replacement now (4 phones total) and the problems have gotten worse and worse.Let me start with the good things about the Impression, which I'll list below:Okay, on to the bad things:(And yes, I've tested my original phone, all three replacements, and two friends' phones, plus three phones in the store in which I work)1) The most prominent and horrible problem this phone has: after you send a random amount of texts (usually between 10 and 30) the phone will stop sending the next text you attempt to send. The only way to get it to send is to restart the phone. Most of the time a soft reset will work (powering down the phone normally) but often the phone won't reset and you must take out the battery for 30 seconds. This problem is infuriating if you're a heavy texter. If you are, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE. Every Samsung Impression suffers from this problem and Samsung refuses to acknowledge it. Seriously the most horrible problem this phone has. I usually reset my phone 12-20 times per day.2) Freezing screens when you're receiving picture mail. This happens about half the time. When you get a picture message, the phone will freeze and you must reset the phone and ask the sender to re-send the picture.3) The keyboard is atrocious. It can't keep up with any texting rate over 5 words per minute. The space key sticks and usually hits two spaces, causing a period to form and a new sentence to start. Many times, the letters won't press at all. Example: I was texting the word "unnecessary" earlier and it came out as "unecessae" and that's a pretty good one, actually. This phone is advertised as a messaging device, but it is easily the worst phone in its class for that. No threaded SMS + missing letters + repeating letters + a super slow input reaction = lots of time correcting your text messages.4) Input on the touch screen can lag a lot, causing your device to hold up, process the request, and then finally send it 5 seconds later. Usually it sends it six or ten times. I often end up sending people blank messages when I try to compose a new one because reply and send are in the same spot, and the Impression goes ahead and hits it a few times for me.5) Slow, clunky web browser. I know it isn't a smartphone, but I expected better out of this browser. Facebook runs well, e-mail is horrible, and the screen size isn't as good as you think it is for web-browsing.6) Random lack of notification. Sometimes your Impression will get several texts/calls/voicemails and never tell you at all. Just now I received two texts and a missed call. The phone didn't light up, ring, or anything. And no it's not on silent.Overall, I hate this phone. As soon as I get a new carrier/phone, I'll probably destroy it, unless some poor sap wants to buy it.

I thoroughly researched AT&T; phones before settling on this one. I wanted a phone with a Low SAR rating (check out ewg[dot]org. if you want to know more) and one that could "grow" with me if my needs changed. Right now I only use my cell for calls and texts but could see expanding to web/e-mail within the two year period of my contract. I've only had this phone for a day, but here are my impressions so far:Pros:- The touch screen is responsive, and I find it easier to use than an iPhone.- The QWERTY keyboard is nice for entering contacts' names, but I would agree with other reviewers that the buttons slow you down a bit for texts. The space key is particularly hard to press.- If you enter the first few digits of someone's number, the phone will suggest possible contacts.- The display screen is big and pleasant. Even an iPhone user commented that it was nice.- The phone is "smart" when you're actively talking. It senses light and turns off the touch screen when the phone is by your ear. If you need to dial a number, turn on speakerphone, or mute the phone, the screen turns back on when you pull the phone away from your ear.Cons:- The software has a lot of "extras" which get in the way if you don't have a data package. Fortunately, contrary to what another reviewer said, you CAN remove some of the widgets that display on the left (helpful if you don't want to accidentally access something that will cost you extra). Go to Menu > Settings > Display and Light > Widget. You cannot remove these items from the main menu, though.- Some of the features I use the most don't have shortcuts/widgets. For example, there's no immediate shortcut for sending text messages. You have to hit Dial-> Send message or go to  Menu->Messaging->Create new. Kind of dumb for a QWERTY phone.- The speed dial widget is a joke. To use it, you have to drag it from the widget toolbar to the middle of the screen... then it becomes a big rectangle that conflicts with the widget toolbar, making it difficult to touch the name of the contact you want to call. In trying to drag the widget to an open part of the screen, I have often accidentally started to call someone. As far as I can tell, there's no way to speed dial people by dialing a single number.- The Lock button (which unlocks and locks the touch screen) is poorly designed. It's quite small and difficult to press with your thumb. You get used to it over time, but if you don't do well with small buttons, be forewarned. I've discovered a work around - sliding the phone open also unlocks the screen.- The only way to answer the phone is with the buttons on the front of the phone. You cannot use the touch screen... which is unfortunate at night because the buttons don't light up (though with only three buttons on the front, it's pretty easy to select the one to the left). You can also change the default setting so that pressing any of the three buttons will answer.SUMMARY:It's not the best, but really, no phone is. As I get accustomed to this phone's quirks, I keep reminding myself "low radiation, low radiation." That right there is worth a lot to me.TIPS:- I'm normally not one for reading manuals, but I found the manual for this particularly helpful for navigating the phone's software.- If you buy this from Amazon, you will likely need to call AT&T; to set up voicemail. The number is not preprogrammed in.UPDATE:- Since so many people commented on the poor battery life, I thought I'd mention that I've had my phone a week and haven't recharged yet (though I do turn it off to sleep). The trick may be to turn off the default setting which causes the phone to vibrate ever so slightly when you've tapped letters in on the touch screen.- Having had this phone a week, I've gotten used to its quirks and I'm pretty happy with it.

I had this phone for five days before returning it just today. I am very sad because I loved this phone and it's features. However, the phone has one HUGE flaw. Call volume fluctuation.I took my phone to a local ATT store to see if they ever had a similar issue. He had no idea what I was talking about. He was amazed when I pointed out the flaw, and assumed it was a defect with my phone (note it also did the same thing on my bluetooth headset so it's not a speaker issue).On a hunch I took a look at the two demo samsung impressions in the store. They had the exact same problem! Not only that, both Samsung Eternitys (which use nearly identical software) had the same volume issue. At this point the sales guy at ATT is baffled (especially since the volume issue appeared on his demo models). He apologized and had me test a few other phones. Long story short, I have an LG Xenon on the way that does not have this volume issue.*** The Bug ***When talking to anyone on the phone, as the person starts talking the volume is very low. As they continue talking the volume gets very loud. When there is a pause, the volume will reset, start low again, then increase in a yo-yo like effect. Not so bad if it only happens a few times, but not every five seconds for a half hour. The issue is also present on bluetooth headsets (tested with two different kinds).*I loved the phone and it's features, but it came back to basics and I could not use it as a PHONE. Thus a warning to anyone interested in a Samsung Impression, or Samsung Eternity. These phones are flawed, be it a hardware or software problem. If you don't mind listening to conversations that sound like the person on the other end is pulling the phone back and froward away from their mouth, be my guest and try it. But I personally do not recommend anyone get these phones unless Samsung updates them (which they have not and hardly ever do for phones).

I am indeed not a fan of touch screen, but for the sake of the trend I bought this one, and it did not disappoint me with its non-touch screen features!! I like it!

I enjoy having a slider phone with full capabilities. Before this phone, I had the Rumor by Sprint. Despite being two years older, that phone performed a lot better than this one. This phone takes forever to load things (i.e. there's long delays when menus load, and it's at least a two-minute wait before you can do anything when you turn the phone on). Additionally, the phone imposes a texting speed limit: I type faster than the phone allows, so I have to go back and fix errors from entry that the phone missed.I don't know if anyone else has this problem, but the phone also randomly decides to stop functioning. I'll send a text and lock my phone, assuming the text went out. I'll look at my phone an hour later, and it will still be sitting on the "sending" screen. I'll try it two more times, and it will just sit on the sending screen. So I'll have to restart the phone just to send one text. Additionally, sometimes when I make a call, the phone will start to dial, then just end the call before any connection is made. This also requires me to restart the phone.The full keyboard is nice. The buttons are bigger than on my previous phone, so I never mash two buttons trying to type something in. The camera's okay for a phone of this type. And all the side features work great: unlimited amount of alarms, stopwatch, timer, etc.Overall, Samsung did an okay job with everything on this phone that is not phone-related. But the main features of the phone (texting, calling) perform horribly.

I bought this phone about a year ago and have been very pleased with it. The slide-out keyboard is great for texting, and the touch screen interface is smooth (I don't prefer to use the touch-screen keyboard for texting, but it does a nice job if you like to use it). Call quality is fairly good and the battery life is excellent. I can go several days, sometimes almost a week without charging if I don't use it much. Additionally, it seems to be a pretty sturdy phone, as I've had it for a year and have dropped and bumped it many times without it breaking. The only complaints I have with it are that:1) Internet browsing is very clunky on this phone. I signed up for internet on it for a couple months but ended up canceling because it was too slow and awkward to navigate.2) The slide-out keyboard does have some problems after awhile of either having to press a key hard to get it to enter or sticking a tad to produce duplicate letters. These haven't been nagging problems, however, since they are not incredibly often.Overall, this is the happiest I've been with any of my phones so far because of its reliability and battery life. It simply gets the job done.

Worst Phone Ever! Touchg Screen Keeps on breaking! I AT&T had to sent me 5 different ones in 11 months. Within 90 days 3 broke. They don't last long! BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!!

Great phone except for 2 things. The lock button is placed in an area that will have you opening the keyboard every time you try to lock the phone. And, the software to sync and manage info on your phone is not compatible with Windows 7. If that would have been more obvious, I would not have gone with this phone. Samsung tech support has no idea when Windows 7 will be supported.

Looks good.  Cool features.  No lockup problems in the one day I had it.  But without either one-button speed dial or voice dial (what were they thinking - almost ALL other phones in the last 15 years have speed dial!) it is useless to me.  I cannot be pulling widgets out and visually search for the one of ONLY FIVE what Samsung calls "speed dial" icons to dial when I'm driving?If all you do is sit in one spot and send text messages, then this might be for you.  Although they do have things called Computers that are easier to type on.

I've had the Samsung Impression since September 2009, that's only 4 months.  It's always in my old Blackberry case, in my purse.  I dropped it once, but the fall didn't affect the screen at all; just a scuff mark on the side.  Recently the screen started freezing, little by little.  It would freeze, then I could just restart it and it would work.  But now it's completely frozen and I have no way to use my phone other than the number keys on the keyboard.  What good is that though if you don't know every single number in your phonebook by memory?  Most people don't.  So now I have a $149 piece of junk.  I'm hoping that I can just request to get an entirely different make and model from AT&T.;  I will NEVER buy another touch screen phone, let alone another Samsung phone.Now, it is great for texting, the picture & video quality are fantastic, and it sounds great when you're on a call.  But, again, if the screen freezes (like I've seen so many other people say it has/does) then you can't enjoy any of the good qualities because it's completely inoperable.

I've had this phone for probably about four months now and for the most part it's treated me quite well. It was a huge improvement over my last phone and I've found it to be very useful. THE SCREEN: the screen it beautiful and vibrant, the colors it displays are sharp, clear and defined. The touch screens is very responsive and I've had no problems with it, on top of that the phone responds very quickly when you click something it pops up right away unlike other phones I've had like the HTC touch. I was a little disappointed with the choice of applications but I don't generally use my phone to play games anyway. the interface on the phone is very user friendly and the keyboard is amazing. The keyboard is spacious and well thought out. The battery life depends heavily on the usage if I don't text that much it has lasted me well over three days without recharging but If im texting away all day it can die in about a day and a half, no complaints with the battery. Ive been using a 2gb memory card with it because I had planned to use it for more music and media applications but the mp3 player isn't very user friendly. The camera takes brilliant pictures but I would suggest a flash because shooting in low lights sometimes blurs the pictures and make the subject look deformed, other than that I can't complain. What I like best about the camera is the ability to choose the resolution of photos, you can take widescreen, high def pictures for saving or switch it over to regular mode to send in messages. Gotta say the only thing that irks me about this phone is the messaging, every couple days or so the phone will screw up and wont send any of my messages so I have to shut it down and power it back up to send the message which is an annoyance, other than that the messaging is very easy to use and organizes message well. Call quality is amazing and I get service absolutely everywhere with it. Overall I like this phone but I might try to trade it in for a new one to fix the messaging issues, plus I wish it offered more applications like the iphone not games but simply things like a dictionary or puzzles or something. I would recommend this phone to everyone it's a great phone and is packed with features and a sexy design.

I have had this phone for a little over a week now, and so far this is the best phone I have ever owned.  Do not confuse this for a smart phone, though it does have a few smart phone features.  The Samsung Impression is just an incredibly well rounded phone.  The only issue I have had with this phone is that the touch screen takes a bit of getting used to, but I have fairly large hands and was able to master it in about a day.This is a great all around phone for text messaging and making phone calls.  The 3 megapixel camera takes great photos and mp3's sound exceptionally well on this phone.Several of my friends are drooling over my awesome new phone.ATTENTION:Since purchasing this phone I have the touch screen on three different ones completely stop working on me. It's great for about six months and then it's as useful as a paperweight. Don't waste your time. Or Money

Basically, this phone must have gone through zero quality control.  Aside from the fact that mine simply died without warning less than 7 months after I got it, there are numerous problems which are, quite simply, nothing less than poor programming and lack of attention to detail.For instance, connecting this phone to a computer is next to impossible.  Sure, it's *supposed* to be easy to connect, but it took me nearly half an hour.  The USB connection simply does not work on XP for anything other than charging it.My biggest complaint is the alarm.  Say you set your alarm to get you up at 6 am for an important meeting.  At 5 am, someone sends you a text message, which you don't hear because you're asleep.  Because there's an unanswered text on your screen, the alarm will NOT go off.  Ditto for phone calls and calendar alarms.  On top of all of that, you have to constantly check the alarms, because they will randomly revert to previous configurations without warning.Also, never use the calendar when traveling - the alerts always go off at the pre-programmed time in the original time zone, which can result in you getting dinner or breakfast notes at 4 am if you're in Japan or Europe.All phones have errors, but these are both extremely frustrating and, more importantly, indicative of a general laziness of Samsung's part.  These issues could *easily* have been anticipated, and fixing them could be accomplished with nothing more than a single line of code.

Pros: battery life, ease of use, good for texting, speaker, full qwerty keyboard along with virtual qwerty, 4 different ways of entering text, comes with usb cableCons: samsung proprietary for usb and charging, no 3.5 mm headphone jack like the eternity, grippy touchscreen (probably needs breaking in)I just got this phone on January 12, my birthday, and I think that it's the best phone ever! This is my very first full keyboard phone of my own, and I think that using the full keyboard is easier to do than normal texting! Also, kudos to Samsung for including the USB cable for the price of this phone! That is usually rare for a feature phone to come with a USB cable. Overall, great work Samsung!

I received my Samsung Impression mid-September 2009.  By mid-December, my phone had developed a crackling/popping noise in the earpiece.  I note that others have reported this problem. Contacted AT&T and they sent me a refurbished Impression.  My understanding is that the problem is resolved by updating the software.  Disappointing to end up with a used phone after only three months.

First let me say that I had a chance to see and work with this phone over a weekend about 2 1/2 months prior to it's release. The whole family fell in love with it and decided to wait for it to launch - even my 14-year old - and this was going to be her 1st cell phone!The good:Excellent high end feature phone look/feel/most functions (note: not a true smart phone), and for a high end feature phone it's a very well-rounded package. Good size, good feel, just the right touch screen haptic response when you select something, and a great feel to the keyboard when pressing the buttons. It takes up to 16 GB microSD memory cards, has a 3mb camera and the screen is very nice - though not dramatically better than non-AMOLED screens as I would have expected from the marketing hype and all the pre-release buzz around this phones AMOLED screen. No, there is no hint of any 3D effect in the AMOLED screen as was talked up in some of the pre-release reviews. But the screen is bright and vibrant - though in the sun it washes out considerably more than my old Palm Treo I gave up to get this.The Cons: We bought 3 for our family so we'd all have the same phone, accessories, etc. for convenience. First, 1 of the 3 had to be sent back as defective. To their credit, Amazon handled it very, very well. Also however, we quickly started experiencing several dropped calls per day per phone and all 3, and a few times a day that the phone would respond when attempting to make out bound calls with "Emergency 911 calls only" (apparently the built in response when there is insufficient signal.) A call to first AT&T;'s Tier 1 (to have all of the account settings checked) and then an escalation to Teir 2 Support resulted in being told that I was in a small area (appx. 1/2 by 1 mile) that had moderate 2.5G (Edge) coverage, and only low 3G coverage... and the Tier 2 rep stated this phone is a 3G ONLY phone... which turned out to be apparently entirely untrue. I had anticipated as soon as she told me... to my knowledge AT&T; doesn't even make any 3G-only phones. But there does appear to be some problem here which they desperately still need to work out related I suspect to the phone transitioning from a 3G signal to 2.5G (Edge coverage) and back... If I watch the signal strenght on 2 phones side by side, first 1 and then the other will drop from 3-5 bars, immediately to zero bars, then slowly climb back up over a 3- to 15-second period. This is exactly what's happening I noticed when the calls were dropping or the "E911 calls only" message is appearing. Additionally, we will often get voice mail notifications after the phone never rang, and sometimes even the voice mail notification will be delayed as muh as 2 full days after the voice mail was left. Also as stated the screen washes out horribly outside in any sunlight and unlike the pre-release phones, the screen unlock button has to be held down for a long time - and unfortunately it's small and placed right next to where the phone begins to slide out for the keyboard, making it very difficult to unlock quickly with one hand (minor complaint.) While this location was good on the AT&T; Samsung Eternity (which has no slider) on the Impression the placement of the button makes it rather awkward to unlock.So my advice for now: although this is a wonderful phone overall for a feature phone/non-smart phone, and though we waited for it seemingly forever (just ask my 14-year old), unless you live in a very urban area with great, consistently strong 3G coverage throughout the areas you will be calling from I'd recommend you consider waiting until they fix these signal transition problems before buying one, unless dropped calls and very delayed voice mails are not really that big a deal to you. Another note: this is still a great phone if texting is your primary use. We've had virtually no text message issues. I suspect this is because SMS messages are queued in the network so a temporary drop in the signal just means a few seconds delay in the message, which goes completely unnoticed. This is still a really great texting phone, regardless of the current voice signal issues.

I got my impression November 2009. Like all impressions it would not send text messages after about sending about 100 without restarting. The phone is incredibly heavy. After 6 months the touchscreen, the only way to access all the features of the phone, stopped working. Thankfully, it was replaced under warranty.The second impression I got stopped working after six months as well. The touchscreen stopped working.I have now owned 3 samsung phones. The other phone I had stopped making any sound after 13 months, thus making it useless as a phone.Currently, I am using my reliable fallback, my 4 year old razr. I will never buy a samsung phone ever again. My razr has outlasted 3 brand new samsung phones.Do not buy this phone if you want to go phone shopping again in 6 months

My experience with this phone has been a very poor one.  Some of this disappointment stems from AT&T;, but I'll keep that out of this review except where it directly affects the phone's performance.  I'll start with a rundown of the good and the bad.GOOD:  The display is simply beautiful; colors are crisp and bright with excellent resolution, and the screen is quite roomy.  Menus are nicely laid out, with clear graphics and labeling of all icons.  The fonts (there are a choice of three) are all clear and quite readable.  The phone's shape is great!  It easily slides into pockets and it fits well in the hand (button placement is a different story, but I'll get to that in a minute).  I love the photo display, which cycles through pictures as you tilt the phone back and forth.  It takes a bit of getting used to, particularly how far to tilt the phone to cycle just one picture at a time, but it's really a neat idea and looks great once you're used to doing it.  I also like the fact that you can email or text a picture directly from the display without having to navigate through another menu or two.  The buttons on the slide-out keypad are wider than average, and the spacing is generous, making it easy to text for the most part.BAD:  The biggest problem with this phone is the substandard software.  If you're one of the roughly 25% of buyers who gets one of the buggy phones, you'll get to experience the joys of the phone dropping off the network about once a day, rendering it unable to send or receive texts until you turn the phone off and then on again, making it manually reconnect to the network.  Less frequently, the menu will lock up, causing it to rubberband back to the same screen repeatedly.  This leaves the phone incapable of doing anything until cycled off and on again.  Obviously, neither of these issues is acceptable in any phone, but they're particularly galling in what's supposedly one of AT&T;'s higher-end phones.  Now, performance issues.  After just three months of LIGHT use (no drops, no temperature extremes, etc.) my phone developed not only an aggravating clicking noise but also loud static in the earpiece, making it almost impossible to hear what the other person is saying.  And the button placement is incredibly frustrating, to say the least.  The Send and End Call buttons in the lower left and right corners are perfectly positioned for one of your fingers to hit them while reaching in your pocket for the phone.  Get used to many, many declined calls until you can develop the right touch of grabbing the phone without hitting any of the corners while retrieving it from your pocket.  The same button placement also makes it quite easy to hang up on people accidentally if you're holding the phone between your cheek and shoulder.  The Lock/Unlock button is placed in the middle of the phone's anatomical left side, and it's recessed to boot, making it frustratingly hard to lock and unlock the phone...unless you're left-handed, in which case it's not as bad.  On the slide-out keyboard, the equals symbol (=) isn't available on a key, either as a regular character or as one accessible using Shift; you have to open the symbols menu, scroll to page two, then tap the touchscreen to put a simple = into your text.  Minor, yes, but it annoyed me quite a bit.  This phone also takes it upon itself to insert a period every time you hit the space bar twice in a row, which is annoying if you're not actually wanting to end a sentence and start a new one...and for most of us, if we wanted to end the sentence, we'd just have typed the period ourselves, so why this "functionality" is included escapes me.I'm not going to expound on AT&T; as a phone company, but since you're locked into using them as a carrier with this phone, you need to understand some of what you're getting into in terms of their network.  The VAST majority of the U.S. (geographically speaking) is NOT in their 3G sweet spots, so you're going to have their inferior network in terms of coverage if you're outside a major, major city and its surrounding area for the most part.  As someone who has used several different cellular companies over the years, I'm thoroughly disappointed with AT&T;'s coverage.  It's spotty and haphazard, often dropping calls inside cities and essentially useless in several areas where other cellular phones continue to work just fine.  AT&T; brags about their "multitasking" ability, but it's hard to multitask when you can't get a signal and/or your phone's locked up.My final recommendation for this phone would be NOT to buy it.  The software is more appropriate for a beta than for a finished product, the phone requires near daily rebooting just to keep it working, the design has MANY irritating flaws and the static/clicking noises finally made it impossible to hear calls with any clarity whatsoever.  This phone is pretty, but its quality falls far, far below what I've come to expect from Samsung.  I advise staying far away from this one.

I bought this phone for my wife, It a nice and slim phone. As noted in the product description, it is bit heavier when compared to Eternity and some other phones. Both me and my wife liked it. But I would recommond visiting a nearby store and feel the phone and its buttons placement before you buy it. It is bit hard to press the Unlock button to unlock it. The phone touch screen is designed to slide to the right to access the key pad and the same thing happens even when you try to unlock to make calls or use the phone.Otherwise I like the phone and I am a samsung fan, using its devices from past 5 years.

Phone is awesome and battery life is enough for couple days. Texting is my favorite on this phone with touch screen pad or the full keyboard. I love, i love it, i love it. So much better than iphone

Phone constantly freezes up, have to turn off and back on to view text messages.  Phone also will completely shut down while sliding closed keyboard and then you have to remove the battery and put the battery back in to turn it back on.  Also, phone should not be called a touch phone but a press phone.  On the good side, the screen is great, colors are vivid and texting is a breeze on the slide open keyboard.

I bought this phone from Amazon.com, bcoz it was offered for only a penny. I have used this phone for over a year now, and sadly this is my 3rd device, bcoz the first 2 devices had to returned because, both of them had the same issue of touchscreen going wrong. One fine day the phone's touchscreen was just going haywire. In order for me to tap on any app/number/contact, I had to touch 2-3 centimeters above/below that app/contact. So I called up AT&T;, and they replaced my phone immediately. Luckily when I took my old phone to AT&T; store, the touchscreen was still working, and I was able to transfer the contactsUnfortunately, the software that comes with this phone, doesn't allow you to sync/download your contacts with outlook or any other applications. This is how Samsung made it to be. After I got the 2nd device, I used that one for about 3-4 months, and again the same issue came up. And this time, the touchscreen was totally gone. Called up AT&T;, and they replaced the device again.But, since the touchscreen wasn't working, the AT&T; guy couldnt even transfer my contacts to the new one. So I lost all my contacts which I had stored on my phone. (My sim was already full with 250 odd contacts). I googled the issue and found that I am not the only which has the issue of touchscreen. So then I called up the Samsung folks, and have registered an official complain for this device, and have asked them to escalate the issue. I dont how Samsung is going to treat my complain, but Buyer's Beware.Good luck,K

I hate this phone because its touch screen is very unreliable, because a charge only lasts about three days even without use, because the phone turns off after a very short time, and turning it back on usually takes several tries!  I like this phone for it's looks and it's keyboard.The short battery life was mentioned in previous user ratings, as well as the tiny lock switch on the right side of the phone.  If you press the small pad to turn on the phone, often the phone does not turn on; and then it will turn on and off again right away.  Getting the pressure and timing just right is tricky, and it also often needs a fingernail to get it to activate.Then, if you don't use the phone for a minute or so, it turns off, and you have to go through the whole process of turning it back on again.  Of course, you could turn off the automatic lock, but then you'd have to manually turn off the phone, or run the battery down even quicker.  I haven't found any way to adjust the time out on the automatic lock, which is what it really needs, as well as a more reliable lock/unlock button.Most frustrating, though, is how the touch screen sometimes works and often doesn't -- if you touch an icon, it may or may not activate.  If you scroll a list, it may or may not scroll.  If you touch an address to make a call, it may or may not go to the next step.  Then other times, it opens an app when I didn't mean to open it, or it docks the little app bar on the left, that I have open, and hides it. It drives me crazy!!  I have an Apple iPod Touch, so I know what a good screen response is like.  The Samsung Impression is no where close!One of the things besides a touch screen that I wanted in my new cell phone was a slide out physical keyboard, and there I am reasonably happy.  It works pretty well, and the slide is nice and firm.Truth is I really didn't want this Impression phone, I wanted the HTC Tilt 2.  I didn't get it because of AT&T;'s policy started September 2009 of forcing anyone getting a "smart" phone to subscribe to their $30/month data plan.  Now, I don't really need internet access from my phone or a lot of text messaging; I just wanted to have the touch screen, the slide out keyboard, and the Microsoft apps, particularly their OneNote, and maybe occasional web access, that I could pay for on a per MB used basis.  For a 2-year contract, I would have had to pay $720 for something I really wasn't going to use.  So, I settled for the closest thing I could get without that blasted data plan -- the Impression.Now, AT&T; is about to start a modified data plan, which provides a reduced, but still hefty, option of a limited amount of data per month.  It's still more than I would like to pay.But, I'm locked in to a two year contract with AT&T;, and also since I bought it from Amazon, I also have a $250 penalty for six months to pay even if AT&T; were to let me change without too much penalty.  Well, it's about 20 days to go before the Amazon penalty expires, and we'll see about AT&T; after that.One of my friends got an Verizon HTC Incredible phone recently, and he's very pleased with it, and I must say that what I saw of it was INCREDIBLE!  I was very impressed by how fast it is, even on internet access -- like a flash!The only thing that has kept me as an AT&T; subscriber was the overseas access of their technology.  But, I have had frequent drop outs of calls on their service for a decade, in DC, in VA, in WV and now in FL.  It isn't getting any better, and complaining to them doesn't do any good!Otherwise, I would be looking at some of the other carriers, and who knows, maybe next time I will go with one, and a different phone for sure.

We upgraded to this phone for my step daughter and also got one for my wife a few weeks later.  This is a texting phone and seemed to work great until the phone filled with messages.  After the first time this happened the phone would freeze while texting at various times.  Rebooting the phone helped at times and didn't help at others, so we took back my wife's since she hadn't had it 30 days, yet.Then we discovered that the girls phone had been doing the same thing and she had just never told us.  Since we had had the phone for longer than 30 days and she didn't seem to mind it, we kept the phone.8 months later the screen has stopped working altogether.  The phone has been in a case the entire time and has never been dropped and she has been grounded much of the time and hasn't even been used much.  The phone is under warranty, so hopefully the replacement will perform better than the first two... In other words, as advertised.There are many things to like about the phone, such as the vivid screen, great menus, comfortable keyboard and mSd slot.  Too bad the glitches and lack of updates plague this phone because I most likely buy another Samsung in the future.~J

So far I am very happy with the phone.  I'm not used to all the options so things are a bit hard to find at first.  The ring tone selection that comes with the phone leaves a lot to be desired but ATT has much better service in my area than Verizon did.  So far I have been able to receive my calls all over town. The slide out keyboard is really helpful for me.  I highly recommend it.

I have had my Impression for about a week.  I really love this phone.  It has a great keyboard, has a nice feel in your hand, the viewscreen is ample and it has all the bells and whistles.  The only issue I have is that the battery life is very short.  I can only use it for 2 days before I have to charge it.  If I used it a lot, I could understand that, but I make maybe one or two short calls and send maybe 15-20 texts in that two days - not what I call heavy use.  Overall, I highly recommend this phone, just make sure you have both a wall charger and a car charger because you're gonna need them.

I have had this phone now for a little over 72 hours.  It's my first smart phone*, so unfortunately I don't have much to compare it to in that vein, but I do have some thoughts on the phone itself. I'm using it with a 1GB card.I'll start with what I like:- The screen - it's beautiful and vibrant.  The touch screen works well and I have yet to encounter any issues.- The qwerty keypad and auto orientation - it responds well and the buttons are not so small that you hit the wrong keys, but it's not at all bulky.- Call quality - excellent call quality.  Speaker phone is loud and clear on both ends of the call.- The camera - I've never had pictures look so good on any phone I've ever owned.  They're sharp and clear in daylight conditions and in low light or indoor conditions, they're much better than most mobile photos I've seen.- Widget function - allows your most used tools to be available on the main screen at all times.- Size and weight - not too bulky, not very heavy.- Connection to USB - I love that I can essentially have this phone function as an external hard drive and drag and drop files into it from my PC as well as edit file folders on the phone from the PC.  It makes file transfers and organization so much more simple.- Smooth internet use - it is pretty easy to navigate around internet pages on the phone.Overall, the phone works very quickly and smoothly transitioning between screens and functions.  I'm quite happy with that aspect.What I don't like:- No contacts or calendar sync!  Even my old low-tech phone had the ability to sync my contacts to my computer for easy editing and backup.  There is no way (that I could find in the bundle) to view, edit or backup your contacts to your computer from this phone. Data sync cable does nothing for this.- Ringtones must be under 300kb - quite a bit smaller than my previous phones (but I'm not sure if I was just spoiled before.)  The phone comes with this program called PC Studio Manager which is supposed to be able to compress your files for this purpose, but I have yet to get any of my music to compress to the size needed for a ring tone.- PC Studio Manager - seems to work a bit like Media Monkey or iTunes in that it organizes and backs up your media files.  In my limited use of it, it's been frustrating and somewhat redundant particularly since I wouldn't want to use it to manage all of my media files. It is not the most intuitive program and not much direction is offered within the program itself or within the digital manual online (you are given a CD which links you to the internet manual since no paper manuals came with this phone.)- No flash on the camera.  Still does pretty well in low light, but I was used to a flash on my old camera.- No GMail support - it supports Yahoo, AOL, Hotmail, etc... but no GMail.  The downloadable GMail mobile doesn't work perfectly with the phone either, but it functions... sometimes.Overall, I enjoy the phone but my peeves are still pretty frustrating.  I hope updates will become available particularly the contacts sync because as of my writing this (4/13/09) there isn't much information available in that regard. I haven't yet been able to wear down the battery in normal use (internet, occasional chatting, general playing around with the phone & standby) so I have no complaints about the battery at this time.  I'm not 100% sure I'd recommend it to my best friend just yet. Just know exactly what you're getting.*edit - cnet categorizes it as a "Samsung Smartphone" other websites call it a non-smart phone... doesn't matter since I'm not comparing it to other "SMARTphones" all personal comparisons are done against other old phones used over the past 5 years which were not SMARTphones.

There are better reviews in phone sites. Bottom line, it can call, that's really all this phone is good for, but I knew this buying this product. The OLED screen is awesome, but useless if you only going to call on it. No wifi, or a GPS receiver, just that ATT assisted GPS. Didn't want the data, so I put on data block on it.About the Amazon retailer, be careful, I am not saying they will rip you off, but they could if you don't follow the rules. For the first 6 months these rules apply, after which you can do whatever you want. Read it on their website, it's pretty clear, but I ll just say a few key things. You have to pay your bills on time, you can't downgrade your service, and I think you can't use the phone with another sim card. So in terms of service just get the bare minimum, and if you want the other features just add it later, which is better than getting stuck with services that you don't need or want later.I must say this, this phone has the better resistive touch screen in the market, and switching between landscape and portrait is also the fastest I have seen yet.

I initially liked this phone for the look of it...very stylish, like the color, like the size and weight, beautiful screen.  It does have great features; calendar, contacts, touchscreen, camera, music, etc. all work fine.However.  Starting in the first week of owning it I ran into a major problem.  It wouldn't send text messages.  The message will attempt to send then just get stuck in the outbox.  I did some research online and found this to be a problem for just about EVERYBODY with this phone.  The only resolve is to turn the phone off and back on to get the text message to go through.  This probably happens 3 or 4 times a day.  For a phone that classifies itself as a great texting phone...this is a joke. Another big problem is the vibrating mode.  I have it set on vibrate, and didn't even realize it wasn't working till I dropped it once then it really started vibrating.  Well that didn't last long; it is back to this pathetic, unnoticable vibrate that wouldn't even get anybodies attention.  Other dislikes/problems:  the unlock button is hard to push, you can't see the screen AT ALL in the sunlight, no camera flash.

When i received my Samsung impression  cellphone, I was very impress.  It is everything i needed in a phone.  Since this is my first contract phone, the price was great.  If you need a phone with video playback, this phone is for you.

You can't beat the iPhone for it's Apps, but you are able to surf the net and check your email on this phone.  Unlimited data is only $15/month on this vs $30/month on the iPhone, so you save $360 over the life of your 2 year AT&T; contract in data fees.  Plus, you can get this phone for a penny, where you have to pay at least $100 for the iPhone.My only complaints about this phone are its weight and the low volume ringer/speaker.  The phone is quite heavy, due to the slide out keyboard.  But, since I prefer a physical keyboard to a virtual keyboard, I put up with the extra weight.  For me, the physical full QWERTY keyboard is much easier to type on that a virtual keyboard, such as that you find on the iPhone or the Samsung Eternity.  The Eternity is much lighter than this Impression, but harder to type on.My second complaint is the low volume ringer/speaker.  When I'm in a noisy environment and turn the volume up all the way, I still have a difficult time hearing the caller on the other end.  I also sometimes miss calls because I can't hear the ringer when the phone is in my purse.But, this is a great touchscreen phone for checking email and updating Facebook on the go.  So, a good, cheaper alternative to the iPhone.

This phone is probably one of the worst phones I have ever had. The battery life is awful even after fulling charging it. My phone is constantly turning itself off or loses calls multiple times during use. At least three times a day my cell won't let me send text messages and the only way to fix it is to turn the phone off and on multiple times. I really wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone

We ordered three phones with 2-year wireless service contracts in the beginning of September.  Two of them received within one week.  We called the customer service and was told that the third one would be shipped in two weeks.  A month later, we received an email stating that "you will receive your order in a month, sometime in November; and if you do not "review" your order through the given link, your order will be cancelled."We have to wait for Weekdays within certain "working hours" to contact customer service.

I've had this phone for a month now and I really like it. The reason for 4 stars is the web browser. When I get a message or try to get online sometimes its says forbidden and I would have to turn it off and turn it back on and it worked but it got old after awhile. Called at&t and they said it was issue samsung was working on and aware of. I called amazon and they sent a replacement right away. Love Amazon. My new phone has not gave me that error, let's keep our fingers crossed. Texting is a breeze with this phone and the touch screen is amazing. The only other thing I can say is a downfall is the sound. Seems like the alarm doesn't ring as loud as my old cell phone, but maybe I need to check on the settings and make sure it's set high as possible. Overall this is a great phone. A must have for people who text alot. I also like the fact that you don't have to have internet as with the iphone (30.00 extra) and that's why I got this phone. Good luck and hope this helps.

this phone has a bunch of little neat features, which i enjoyed, but its an all around bad phone for an adult that actually NEEDS a working reliable phonethe reception it got was enough to make me stop using it and switch to my old phone that i had for 2 years. dropped calls, no bars.  i constantly had to reboot it because texting would freeze, and the alarm stopped working. the keypad is very difficult to text on (which was the whole reason for its appeal...the full qwerty keyboard).i did enjoy the perks of the different camera functions like panoramic, but, it just wasn't all that worth it.thank god i got it for free through my contract, because otherwise, i would have been a very unhappy customer.

Can't wait for this contract to end in April 2011.  The phone was good at first, but now has a problem where texts cause it to lock up.  Sometimes the phone goes from full battery to dead without even being used.  The keypad is annoying.  Sometimes it doesn't recognize buttons being pressed, and sometimes it will add extra letters, even though a button was only pressed once.  The zoom in/out function on the camera no longer works.  The volume of the phone (both the earpiece and speaker) is lousy.  The touchscreen seems okay - so far no problems with it, but it's not accurate enough to use for texting.  I also HATE how they have these pre-selected images that won't go away as the background for when the phone is locked.  You can't get rid of them.  I won't be buying another Samsung phone after my contract ends, and I will likely be switching over to another service provider.Please read my comment from September.  I'm having more issues with this phone :(

This is the most poorly made Samsung phone I have ever bought.  I have owned this phone for almost a year and have had multiple problems with it.  My mother and grandmother own the exact same phone and both have the same problems with it.First, I've had trouble with the phone refusing to send or receive text messages.  Even in an area with full bars, the phone will continue to say "sending..." for 10 minutes or more and won't send until I restart the phone.Second, the alarm clock function does not always work and has caused me to be late for several important classes/meetings due to its malfunctioning.  I have even tested the alarm by setting it for a minute away, and watched and waited as it failed to sound.Third, the touch screen decreases in sensitivity over time.  I sometimes have to touch the screen 3-4 times in order to make the function work (even after calibrating and re-calibrating the touch mechanism).Lastly, and most annoyingly, the space bar key button is awful.  It only works ~25% of the time; sometimes, it does not do anything when you press it, other times, it makes a period instead.Do not waste your money on this phone.  Normally, I am a very loyal supporter of Samsung products and have had good luck on every other Samsung product I have bought (at least 3 other Samsung phones and a Samsung television) but this one is just not good quality.

Until recently, I have steadily refused to become involved in texting or features of my phones beyond the use of the camera and making/receiving calls.  Very basic stuff.This phone is my first step out into the world of texting, web browsing, GPS, etc etc.First, I do like this phone and I have customized a great deal of it to my satisfaction, even learning how to make my own ringtones (free) from music on my computer.  I was most attracted to the slide out QWERTY keyboard because I'm old fashioned and I don't like texting with the regular keypad.  The slide out keyboard is my favorite.So far my main two drawbacks are the battery life, which even for someone not picky about phones like me, seems low.  The second is the camera.  I'm not impressed at all with it.  Maybe I just need to use it more but as far as I can tell, it has no zoom.  My last phone, a Sony Ericsson, had a great camera that could zoom in and took nice shots, and also had a light on it.  This Samsung does not.  I guess I will have to stick with dragging my digital camera around to anything I really want shots of and save the camera phone for those spur of the moment things you tend to snap pictures of then hope it's good.  I will say that the camera has caught some shots pretty well which I thought would be blurry (operator error).I'm still working on learning to navigate around and adjust settings but so far, I do like the phone overall, it just has some minor drawbacks.I just got text messaging added this week and after I master that, I may move on to using the internet on the phone ;-)

I primarily use the phone for texting and talking. More texting than talking. I do not really use it for any of the data/online/email stuff.  There may be a host of issues with stuff like that which I have not come across because I don't use it. I have had this phone for about 6 weeks, long enough for the new phone charm to have worn off.The unlock key is in a really awkward position. So much so that I have ended up turning off the screen autolock function.The widget is not customizable.  You can take off the things you don't want on there (items that connect to the internet, for example, so that you don't accidently access them), but you can not add things you would like to add.If you are a big texter, this phone is a poor choice.  Once you get about 20 messages in your in and sent boxes it will stop sending messages. You will have to shut down the phone and restart it.  You have to constantly be on top of deleting your messages or you will have this problem often.  You can find pages and pages on message boards about this topic alone - getting a new one will do no good - it is a universal Samsung Impression issue.  This issue alone is worth avoiding this phone if you text a lot.My daughter got a Samsung Soltice at the same time I got this Impression and she is having much better luck with hers.

I've owned the Impression for 4 months and found that it has several recurring problems that interfere with it's functionality.  The phone will stop sending reply messaging it freezes up, the alarm sound will just stop, has very poor connectivity (2 to 3 bars lower than any of my previous phones {nokia & blackberry}), and even with bars will say I have a poor connection and can only make emergency calls.  All the problems except connectivity are fixed by rebooting (turning off then back on) the phone.The phone has a nice bright screen and some nice features, but is so problematic that cons far out weigh the pros.  I purchased 2 of these phones.  One for me and the other for a family member and they both are having the same problems. The problems didn't start with the phones at the same time and both phones have been replaced, but are still have the same problem as the ones first purchased.I contacted Samsung and they informed me the turn around time was almost 2 months.  This is a terrible warranty for something come to find out that they know about.  From reading customer reviews on the web it seems like a lot of people are having similar problems with this phone.  Unfortunately I didn't do my homework well enough to have seen the reviews ahead of time.

At first, the idea of the slideout keyboard turned me off, so I got the Mythic instead (I'm anti-iPhone).  I got my son this Impression.  After a few days usage, I hated the Mythic.  It's too light, too slippery, the virtual qwerty keyboard sucked.  The Mythic does have some good qualities, like an awesome display and very up to date programs...but this review is not about that.  Back to the Impression...So I fiddled with my son's Impression and fell in love with it.  The slide-out keyboard is so user freindly and the applications are simple and easy to use.  For those anti-iPhone people, this is a great introduction to a touch screen phone.  I sold my Mythic and got this one instead!Some negatives are the lock function button is hard to get to, there is NO one-touch speeddial function on this phone (what the heck?!), unable to download icons onto the widget and the phone is still a bit slippery so be careful!  So until iPhone comes out with a slide-out keyboard, I'm sticking with the Impression.

This phone is so slippery that I need to hold it with both hands so that it won't squirt out of my hands.  But when I hold it with 2 hands, I almost always accidentally press some button that I didn't intend to press, and that "hangs up" before I can hit the correct button to receive the call.  I miss \more than half of incoming calls simply because the phone is so slippery.The touch screen works poorly.  When I slide a finger along the face to "scroll", the phone starts scrolling, but then at the end of the scrolling action the phone selects something, even though I didn't make any gesture to select.  I've used other devices (such as an iPod Touch) with touch interfaces and didn't have nearly this much trouble.The voice message retrieval system is bad.  When you miss a call or get a voice message, the screen shows an icon or message and you can press on the icon to listen to your missed voice messages and retrieve your text messages.  So far, so good.  But if you do something else first (e.g. make an outgoing call) and then want to retrieve the messages, you can't because the icon is gone.  I've looked through the menuing system, and although there's a menu selection for viewing text messages, I can't find a menu option for retrieving voicemail.  I have to send myself a dummy text message to force the missed-calls/messages icon to show up again.This phone comes with a QWERTY keyboard (one of the main reasons that I chose this phone).  The touch screen also displays a normal numeric pad for dialing, so if you just want to dial a phone number, you don't need to open the phone to get to the keypad.  So far, so good.  Unfortunately, when the phone is not "opened" to expose the keyboard, there are situations where the phone prompts you to enter a number (e.g. "Press 7 to delete this voicemail message"), but the phone doesn't display that numeric keypad on the touch screen.  This shouldn't be a big deal -- just open the phone to expose the keyboard.  But the slipperiness of the keyboard comes into play here.  When you try to open the keyboard, you need to use 2 hands (and even then it's surprisingly difficult), and you'll probably hit a button that you didn't intend to press.  On top of that, the mere act of sliding out the keyboard often causes one or more keys to be pressed accidentally (the keyboard and the sliding screen are not separated by enough, and if the screen wobbles slightly while being opened then a key will get pressed).The optical zoom on the camera doesn't zoom much.The screen is bright and colorful, but that's about the only thing I like on this phone.And although it's not Samsung's fault, let me warn you also that Cingular/AT&T; (my service provider) sends advertising text messages that ring your phone any time of day or night, and also puts phony charges on your bill (e.g. for "roadside service assistance" that you never ordered).I could bore you with more details, but you've heard enough: this is a terrible phone.

This is mainly to help others who experience this problem.  I like the phone.  My first touch screen so I have no comparison.  I don't like going online with it because the speed is incredible slow.  I love the slide-out keyboard.  Makes texting so much easier.  The touchscreen quit working on me last week (Samsung Impression a877). This is the first time my phone has had any issues.  I took it to an AT&T; store but they couldn't find anything wrong. My contract ends at the end of November so I can't get a new phone cheap yet. But I found online yesterday a Samsung service code that does a full reset of the phone. That fixed the phone. Now that I can operate my phone again the software version is A877UCID3, model SGH-A877. So far the phone is still working. Hopefully this fix will work for you.I typed the code using the keyboard and used the keyboard "enter key" when done typing. A screen message came up briefly. Something about processing and that the phone will shut off and restart. After the restart the touchscreen was working again.code: *2767*3855#

This was my first phone with AT&T.; What attracted me to it was the setup and look of the phone, with a touch screen and a slide out keyboard. It was probably one of the prettiest phones I've ever had, yet the incessant problems that I kept having with it hindered me from loving the Impression.The phone would work for an hour or two, then just stop sending text messages and making phone calls. I would have to power off the phone and turn it back on only to have it work another hour and do the same thing all over again. AT&T; sent me five of the Samsung Impression yet none of them seemed to work, all with the identical trouble as the one before it, and after reading the reveiws for this phone it would appear I'm far from the only person with the same issues.Also, browsing the internet was a lacking experience. I think Youtube, Myspace, and Facebook were the only three web sites you could browse through. Anything else required Flash player, which doesnt come with the phone.I realize the phone is new and probably has some kinks in it but I hope no one else has to go through the hassle of a sub- par phone.

Various reviewers have claimed this phone cannot run 3rd party apps.  That is flat out wrong.  Firstly you can just buy games and such directly on the phone; they install and run beautifully.Also, if you're willing to do a bit of hacking, you can have *any* standard Java application (J2ME) running with full permissions on the phone.  It's really not too hard, and it's well-documented [...] (a free users' forum).Thanks to the info on this site, I've got a bunch of top-notch apps running: the native Gmail app, the Opera Mini browser, and the free Google Maps app, which even connects to the phone's hardware GPS!I got this phone because (1) it has a beautiful keyboard, and (2) AT&T; counts it as a "feature phone," not a "smart phone," so I can pay $15/mo and not $30/mo for the unlimited data plan.  I end up using way more data than my wife, who has an iPhone!  OK, this phone is no iPhone, but it's certainly much closer to a smart phone than anything else.Good:* The keyboard!!!  It's fantastic, and I can drive around GMail and Opera almost entirely from the keyboard.* Solid construction and great hand feel.* Bright, colorful screen.* Clear phone reception and good speakerphone.* Cingular Video on-demand works super, and AT&T; updates the clip collection daily (you can practically watch the whole Daily Show every night). This is free assuming you a have unlimited data plan.* Accepts Micro SDHC cards -- I have 8 GB of music on my phone now.* Hardware GPS!* Tactile feedback (a little vibration) when you press the touch screen.Bad:* Recessed lock/unlock button is a pain, though after adding a case, it's easier to find.* Switching between apps is cumbersome (you have to go to main menu->games and apps->your app.* Phone does not have 3.5 mm headphone jack (have to use adapter).* Music player doesn't have quick-scroll to a given artist, so you have page through screen after screen once you fill it up with music.* Battery life when browsing and emailing a lot is pretty bad -- like less than a day.Overall -- this a solid phone with a great keyboard.

I'VE HAD THIS PHONE FOR ONLY A MONTH NOW BUT I LIKE THE SAMSUNG IMPRESSION. I HAVE FUN WITH ALL THE FEATURES. THE RECEPTION ISN'T THE GREATEST, I DO NOT HAVE BARS WHERE MY HUSBANDS MOTOROLA DOES. THE PHONE IS A BIT HEAVY AND SLIPPERY. SO I BOUGHT A SNAP ON CASE JUST IN CASE I DROP IT. THE VOICE SOUND IS GOOD, THE RING IS A BIT LIGHT ON SOUND. TEXT PAD IS PRETTY EASY...THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE EVER HAD A PHONE LIKE THIS. I ALSO HAVE A HARD TIME SENDING PICS/TEXT AS IT HAS A TENDENCY TO STAY IN THE OUTBOX FOR A LONG TIME. THE CAMERA IS OK BUT DOESN'T HAVE A FLASH WHICH IT COULD USE. PICTURES COME OUT VERY DARK SO YOU HAVE TO ALTER THEM TO BRIGHTEN.OVERALL...I'M PLEASED WITH THE IMPRESSION

This phone sucks. turn on querty correction then use the keypad and type the letter i and phone will freeze resulting in the need to pull the battery

Phone is good for texting and calling. VERY POOR if you want to surf the web. Samsung and ATT have a pathetic browser locked to "pre-chosen sites" and trying to go anywhere else is virtually impossible. Thats why they let you use the cheaper data plan, you won't want to! Other party applications, like Google maps and Opera mini-browser will load, but operate very clumsy, like primitive menus. You will commit suicide if you bought this to surf. The phone is also filled with useless and unwanted applications and widgets you cannot get rid of. So you have to go down several menu levels thru the garb age. If you want to surf the  web, pass on this and get the phone that is selling for the most on an auction site. Sell the ATT version, and buy a factory new unlocked phone that lets you surf and text and call as freely as you want!

I got a new Samsung Impression in early May to replace a HTC tilt and have used it for about 3 weeks. I was not using all the features on the tilt and the interface was not user friendly. I had nicknamed my Tilt "the brick".Here is my take on the Impression. On the software front I heard a lot of problems with outlook sync and Gmail access. The outlook sync is easy to fix. I downloaded the eternity pc studio software instead of the impression software and outlook sync was easy. This Eternity version works on Windows XP but wont work on my vista at home as claimed by Samsung (as of May 20, 2009). Luckily, I have XP at work and was able to sync about 400 numbers quickly. Hope Samsung restores the outlook sync feature that they failed to add in the impression version of pc studio and also fixes the vista bugs. ATT or Samsung may not advise us to use the eternity software for Impression but I know that Outlook contacts and calendar has become essential for most of us.I have not found a way to activate G mail but I am prepared to wait. If that does not happen, I may have to forward to hotmail and work through that. Samsung has a lot of work to do with the PC studio to say the least.Other software aspects include a nice camera interface that's easy to use and takes good pictures. The Telenav system is also easy to use. However the Media net browser is definitely below standards. The Media Mall app store too does not have enough useful apps. Anyway, I do not use much of these on my phone ...... I am still a bit old fashioned and do all the surfing on my laptop.On the hardware front, the ANOLED screen is great and the slide out keyboard is a huge plus. The Camera takes clear pics with appropriate lighting. The big drawback is the on / off button on the right side. The position on the base makes the phone slide out every time you press it and the button is also not prominent and easy to operate. Future versions MUST fix this and position it on the top rather than on the side to overcome the slider function. Another useful feature that is missing is a separate audio port.  Battery life is average and is not in the same league as an old Razr that I had for a very long time. With average use it lasts me for about 2 days.  As a precaution I have a charger at work and at home in addition to a car charger.The impression is very comfortable for messaging and is a good phone with only rare dropped calls. Remember it is a basic phone and not a smart phone. Overall, it appears to be a winner in a swiftly shifting device market.PS. I was able to successfully install the "new pc studio" onto my windows vista at home. It is important that you simultaneously install the second file for drivers to get the whole thing to work. I was also able to sync calendar, to do list and memos in addition to contacts from Outlook. I am close to changing my rating to 5 stars. The g-mail issue remains to be settled but honestly, i dont think i want to be slammed with a barrage of e-mails coming to my phone as yet.

Have had the phone for about a year now.  The phone has text glitches, is slow, and sometimes it will glitch and just give me a purple sreen.  Now the touch screen has stopped working so i cannot do one thing except check my calendar and call the last person in my log because the buttons still work but thats all u can do with them.  DO NOT GETT THIS PHONE

I bought one of these phones with a two year contract, and switched from a Blackberry Curve.  It has some very good features, like the large Qwerty keyboard and a good sized screen.  It has some bad features as well, like low ring tone sound that you can't correct and switching between calls, which is difficult.  Overall I would say that the phone was marginal to average with some good features.Here is what sucks.  After having the phone for three months, I noticed the camera button had fallen off.  Can't take many pictures that way.  I called Samsung - the not so much English rep in Texas (I suppose) said that I had to take it back to the retailer and they would replace it.  I did - they laughed at me.  I called back and spoke with a nice lady and after I explained 4 or 5 times that I had not damaged or dropped the phone and did not break it in any manner, she sent me a free mail label and I sent the phone in to Samsung in Texas.  A short time later they sent me an e-mail informing me that my phone would cost $70.00 to fix.I called them back and griped for several minutes to a first line worker and a supervisor.  I got the same corporate BS line.  That is not covered under the warranty as it is physical damage.  I explained several more times that I had not damaged the phone and they responded by saying that the buttons on the phone were on the outside and not covered by warranty.  Apparently the phone and anything else Samsung makes does not have much of a warranty.  So Supervisor TIA, this is the first of many reviews I will share with anyone who thinks they might purchase anything Samsung.  I warned you I would start an Internet campaign that lets consumers know your warranty sucks and you do not support your products.  Many, many more to come.  I guess I should have stayed with my Blackberry which was a great phone.  And I guess Samsung is the Toyota sticky accelerator of cell phones.

I purchased 2 samsung impression phones 3 months ago and the 1 phone does not work right now due to liquid damage. Let me first say it NEVER was near any water or any kind of liquid!! I had it on my table with the windows open and it was a very humid day and the company is telling me that extreme humidity will do the same thing, I feel that if this phone is that sensitive they should let the consumer know so we then can decide whether or not to by this phone... so I urge anyone thinking of purchasing this phone to beware and look the other way for another phone... this phone is not worth $300  keypad is in a bad spot also and it his difficult to type, has a short battery life and is very very SENSITIVE to any kind of moisture. so please dont waste your time nor  money its just not worth it!!!

I got this phone a few weeks ago and i am pretty much in love with it. After reading all of the reviews on here about this phone I have to say I haven't had some of the problems that others have had with it. Yes the phone is slippery but you can buy a case for it that will limit you from dropping it. Have you used an iPhone? Without a case my husband drops his all the time when he talks on it. If the phone opened a program every time you accidently tapped the screen you would see people complaining about that but I like that I have to give it some force so that I am not calling people or connected to the internet all day. It is a good solid phone and while yes not having speed dial bugs me there are plenty of other features on this phone to make up for it. Not everyone is going to download software to the phone or get all technical with it. If you like to talk, text, and use the internet this phone is good for all that. If you want a phone to add hundreds of apps to and have to upgrade all the time then I would suggest an iPhone (while my husband likes his iPhone the constant updating bugs him a lot).

I went to three different websites to compare the price on this phone, after reading all the good reviews about it on At&t.  On Best Buy it was $50 with a new 2-year At&t contract.  On At&t it was $199.99 with a new 2-year contract.  But on Amazon it was $.01 with a new 2-year At&t contract...yep, only a penny.  Plus on Amazon I didn't have to pay for an activation fee.  DEFINITELY buy it on AMAZON, I am in LOVE with this phone!!!  Plus the phone's color is a dark midnight blue (almost black really), not sky blue like the picture -- definitely better looking!

i bought this phone (actually 3 of them - one for myself and 2 for my kids) to use as a fairly basic phone: calls, texting and camera.  we don't use this as a smart phone and i've disabled the internet (i hope) so if you're looking for smart phone feedback, this review won't provide it.i did a fair amount of research before buying the impression (thank you amazon reviewers) and tried this and other possible choices in stores several times to see how they actually feel in the hands.  i thought i'd love the phone and have been very disappointed.pros: texting on the impression is very good, with a real vs. virtual keyboard.  easy to feel keys, which depress like a keyboard and make a small clicking sound - very traditional.cons:- sound quality is really poor; i find myself continually saying "what?" and "i'm sorry; could you repeat that?" which is unpleasant.- camera is very disappointing; i liked that it was 3mp but find the shutter lag extremely slow.  picture quality is no better than my old phone camera, which was lower res.- it takes 2 hands to operate this phone and i find the interface clunky, not intuitive at all.- battery life is poor, much worse than i expected.bottom line: i think i'm going to return the phone and get something else.  i've had it for 2 weeks and dislike it more every day.

Phone is great.  But ...1) There is no software suppor for 64 bit (OS at my home computers are xp 64 and Win7 64).  And it does not state that in the website.2) If you mistakely install the 32 bit xp version on 64 bit xp, you simply cannot uninstall it.3) I try xp 32 version at work with xp 32 bit OS, but the PC Studio for Impression does not support contact management.4) Support from Samsung regarding 64 bit systems is uselss and a waste of time.5) Contact transfer instruction from AT&T; is NOT 100% functional (my case is from Ericsson to Samsung).  For example, if you have "Uncle 8" in Ericsson, it will appear as "8;Uncle" in Samsung.  It will list all the phone numbers as Mobile.6) So if you have more than 200 contacts like me, non-existance of contact maangement software is unacceptable.In summary, phone is great.  If you do not connect your phone to computer, it is the phone for you.  If you do connect your phone to computer, you are better off with other phones.**********************************Sep 7, 2010This is an update of my previous review for this item.  I have updated it from 1 star to 4 star.  After much search, one can obtain a decent PC Studio (developed for another phone) for this phone under Windows XP 32-bit.  Moreover, with some google on the web, you can install apps to this phone through usb.  The website for all the information is [...].  Samsung should give users all of the information off the purchase.  It is ridiculous that the users have to dig out all the information to use this phone with computer.

at first i wanted the HTC phone but since my wife has the eternity, i decided to get this phone. compare to my 8125, this phone is sleeker and more  user friendly. Since i don't use all of the applications like GPS and the yellow pages, i can't complain. so if you like the eternity with a slider, this is you phone to get.

I have had the impression for 3 months now and it's horrible. The touch screen is not responsive and its constantly freezing. Now I know the everyone will say that I simply got a bad phone, but my fiance has the same phone and the exact same problems. Approximately 2-3 times DAILY we have to power cycle the phones because they just stopped sending text messages, or the screen will keep going pink. I hate this damn phone, don't buy it!

This isn't too bad a phone, except for the horrible support.  The phone has no drivers to work with Windows 7 and according to their technical support they have no current plans to support the OS.  How can a company decide they won't support the newest version of a major OS that has been available to them for development for well over a year?  This doesn't affect just the Impression, but all Samsung phones.  I know I will not be purchasing another Samsung phone based on their support.

So I've had this phone for awhile now. I have had no problems with it. I can surf the internet and go to any site I want to. With no problems. It is def faster than my old phone (Razor V3) Pages load in like 10 seconds or less. Really no complaint there. People say the keyboard is in a weird place? How can that be its a SLIDER phone, and its supposed to be like that. The keyboard is great, real easy to type with. I have avoided anything coming into contact with my phone tho, just because I like it and I want to keep it liek new. So this is what I did. First buy a hard case to protect the phone, they run between 6 and 20 dollars here on amazon. Also buy a LCD Screen protector for the phone as well, these are not expensive on amazon, I have 3 for 3 dollars. That way you dont have to worry about scratching the touch screen. And Finally as an extra precaution,I have a leather case that I put my phone into when I put it in my purse or its just laying around on the counter and someone may knock it down. With these steps your phone will last. Its a great phone, and its cheap to protect it. Now I have not had this phone for a year yet, so I dont know how the overall lasting of the phone is, but I do know ATT is normally more than happy to replace any broken or defected phone. I know this cause in the past two years i've had 8 phones, all which had weird things wrong with. Buy the protective stuff, and this phone and you will be one happy person!

Phone is fine but before I ordered I checked that it would not be activated until I called as my current contract was not up for few weeks,amazon said that would come unactivated.  Ordered on a Wednesday,Thursday got email saying it was activated and that it would arrive Monday.  So not only activated but also had to pay for service at the weekend even though I did not have the phone.  Also kept getting stock answers when trying to find out what went wrong, they say contact ATT to hold the account and not pay monthly, ATT has no such option. So beware of when you order a phone from Amazon

I love this phone....it is much better than I expected after reading all the negative reviews about the texting bug and restarting issues. I've had it since the beginning of September and have yet to experience the texting or restarting issues. There have been a couple occasions where the alarms didn't function even though they were set to go off, so I've just taken to restarting my phone every night before bed and haven't had any problems with them since then. The touch screen is beautiful, the camera is pretty decent in daylight, the sound quality is much better than the last Samsung I had. People used to sound muffled, but now they are crystal clear. I'd like it better if the pre-installed email program had Gmail instead of AT&T thinking I'm going to pay an extra monthly fee just to get the email client that does support Gmail. The Gmail app you can download from Google does work, but it doesn't look as nice as the Mobile Email client that you can get your Yahoo and Hotmail email on. It's not a smartphone so it doesn't have all the same features as a smartphone, but if you want to get online, text, and make great sounding calls on a cool looking phone, then this phone might be for you.

Several Att representative have confirmed with me that this phone has a texting glitch. After 100 text, you are unable to send any text. The phone will either go into a sending limbo (screen will say "sending" but will not send any messages) or it will lock. If the phone is in the sending limbo you have to power off the phone and power the phone back on. If the phone locks, you have to do a hard reset (remove the battery then put back in). This was a inconvenience for my son and a safety issue for me as a parent. I did not have insurance on the phone but Att finally agreed to replace my phone under the phones warranty. If you purchased this phone and have this issue, you cannot be charged the restocking fee if you return it within the grace period because it is a defect.

I got this Samsung to replace another Samsung model that continually shutdown and rebooted during calls -- Samsung could not fix. On this model the touch screen failed and was repaired. Also repaired for Bluetooth that continually deactivates while on a call, sending it back to the handset, then will reactivate bluetooth connection. Fixed it for about 2 months, and now have the same issue again.  Have not had this issue with any other phone.  Will not buy another Samsung.

The phone is great.  Battery life is a little on the short side but tolerable.  The real problem is that my family owns three of these phones and every one of us has continuous text problems.  During the course of a normal day we will have to re-boot the phone two to three times because the phones freeze when sending as text.  It can only be corrected by shutting down the phone and restarting.  The you have to wait three to four minutes because the messaging app has to "initialize."  Anyone who has the constant problem knows what I am talking about.  For a phone that is supposed to be a texting phone the customers are getting very little support from AT&T and Samsung about this issue.  No update is planned and there is no fix.

Today I was interrupted just as I was pulling a load out of the washing machine to put in the dryer.  Then my phone started ringing and it was still in my jeans pocket--had just gone through a hot regular wash with extra spin.Overall I've been pretty pleased with this phone.  My only gripe is that it's hard to press the right button to answer, and easy to touch the screen and accidentally make calls go away.Sound is good.Reception is good.

Had it for six months now. The only good thing that is that it does not have problems in making/recieving calls.Otherwise,It is heavy..feels like you are holding a brick.No Wifi.You can't install any other apps apart from what samsung has installed.Do not recommend at all.

I thought I would join the 21st century and start texting and internetting by phone so I bought the Impression because of the full keyboard. The screen is responsive and colors are bright and clear. The things I didn't like are:The screen goes blank after only a few seconds. If you hesitate at all, you have to start all over. Then struggle with the lock on the side of the phone which is hard to press, or you can slide the keyboard out which is a hassle.The biggest problem is dropped calls. I have 3 or 4 calls a day that just disappear while you are talking. And it is hard to get them back. Also the battery life. Good for about a day before it starts giving up the ghost. The ringer is too low. Starts out very low and then increases in volume. Unless you are within a few feet of the phone, you can't hear it ring.Right in the middle of a conversation with my doctor, a box popped up saying that I had missed a call. It was not an incoming call where I could accept or ignore. It was an information banner that could have waited until I was finished with the call. Instead, it cut me off from the doctor and I couldn't get him back again.ATT said it wasn't a problem with their system, it had to be within the phone.I never had a problem with my old flip phone dropping calls like this one.I didn't get a chance to play with the texting and internet functions much but I don't think it would outweigh the other negative aspects of the phone. When I did do a text, I noticed that the keyboard is difficult to use unless you are an expert texter. I am going to return it for a different phone. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Looks nice but does not function as well as it should.

The lack of contact sync is almost unbelievable to me.Does Samsung think we have five or ten numbers to keep up with?I really like the we the phone operates. Menus and configuration and everything is easy and intuitive. Call quality seems great. Battery life is not great but live-able to me...I would prolly give this phone five stars if Samsung would send some lackey out to my house to program all my numbers (printed out on an outlook contact sheet active-synced from my old Blackjack) into this phone.EDIT: The Samsung Eternity has an updated PC Studio suite. It has a more well rounded set of features including contact and calendar sync as well as a dialup modem driver to use the handset as a 3G modem for a laptop.Ive attempted to install and use this software with the A877 Impression. It recognizes and connects to the Impression but I cant get it to do much more than that. It errors out as it is unable to create a file needed for data exchange with that handset.If Samsung will update the PC Studio for the Impression to just at least offer the features that the Eternity's PC Software has then I will be extremely happy./Me crosses fingers...

My wife and I both got Samsung Impressions when we switched to a texting package with AT&T.;  At first, we were very pleased with the phones.  The screen is incredible, the keyboard is large and it just FEELS like a great phone.  After a couple days, however, we began noticing the flaws...- Ringtones - all of them, including user-created - fade-in on calls.  So the first second or so of the first ring is much quieter than the rest.  And that can't be turned off.  Only way around it is to use a vibrate then ring setting.- When the phone is locked, it always displays one of the default wallpapers, no matter what your regular wallpaper is defined as.  Very annoying.- The keyboard drops keystrokes.  I'm a middle aged guy, not a teenage girl, and I don't text very quickly.  Yet I still seemed to be able to type too fast for this phone.  A LOT.- The 3MP camera is mediocre, at best.  Even when the view appears focused, pictures come out blurry.- The phone allows for contacts on the phone or on the SIM card - or both.  But if you search for a contact, it'll just search the SIM.- my wife's phone after a couple days locked up and refused to power off.  We had to yank the battery to get it to shut down.  When it came back up, it still was locked up.  The guy at Radio Shack spent 45 minutes on it and couldn't get it to behave.  Had to exchange that one.However, the worst flaw by far:- After about 100 texts, the phone just stops sending them.  You have to cycle the power on the phone to get it to send again.  A quick scan of the AT&T; site reviews for the Impression reveals LOTS of people having the same issue.  It occurred to us multiple times in the 2 weeks we had our phones.In the end, the flaws were too much for us and we ended up returning the phones.  I was sad to let mine go - the screen really IS that nice - but just couldn't take the frustrations anymore.

I got this phone as part of my contract renewal. It was either the Eternity or this one. This phone is more streamed towards the heavy text-messaging/websurfing individual. Perfect for me. Unlike the Eternity, it does not have an integrated GPS receiver. The Eternity can use Garmin software and work just like, say, a Nuvi 660. The Impression requires a bluetooth GPS receiver that totals about $200 with software. Yes, might as well buy a separate GPS. You could subscribe to the ATT GPS service, but then you have to be constantly connected to the ATT network for the service which would mean an additional charge for a data plan. Again, not worth it. The rest of the features are great. The response time on the touchscreen is excellent. It support MP3 ringtones, but the files have indeed to be small. Ironic that it can play MP3's with the mediaplayer, but the ringtone won't. How about making the ringtones access the mediaplayer? Perhaps a feature to think about. Who's idea was it to put the microSD slot inside the battery chamber? Opening that lid is as easy as opening a frozen jar of pickles. Sad to say, software updates won't be available. Samsung does not invest in software updates of that sort unless there is something substantially wrong with it. They just move on to the next project. Very similar to the Eternity, but not quite. In the end, it all depends on what interests you and your needs. I am happy with my investment and would recomend this phone to anyone.

i hate this phone. when i thought of this phone, i thought of the new touch wiz that had myspace and facebook, twitter... but no this is the older version. i do love this key Bord though. when i press on the phone in a certin way or if ipush the keyboard out to hard, the screen goes dark and you cant use the screen at all

Bought this phone just under two years ago. Since day one I've been slightly disappointed. Small things at first. Such as the forced escalating ring tone. Minor things. Things I thought I'd be able to deal with. But as time went on (and my warranty ran dry) more and more problems occurred. Phone will randomly shut down, texts will stop sending until phone is restarted, QWERTY keyboard will not register keys that are pressed OR will register pressed keys more time that are actually pressed. Just today my phone restarted itself as I was transferring pictures from my PC to the memory card in my phone. Just before the reboot was complete it started the process over again. It is stuck in an infinite loop of restarting. Quick research online shows that I'm not the only one experiencing these problems.One more quick note. Samsung's tech support is useless. They will do nothing to help you through your problems with their devices.

*sigh*read the reviews and bought this phone anyway.my boyfriend and i got the phone from at&t; when they had a buy 1 get 1 free. i loved it at first. it does cool stuff... the keyboard was nice and it does make texting an ease.however, about a month after normal use my boyfriends phone locked up and had to be replaced. he was lucky it was still under warranty.now.. fast forward to maybe 4 months later, MY phone has had it. the slider screen won't work at all. it completely freezes if i open the phone...and it drops calls. i think maybe it's designed to fall apart after a few months. :( i didn't get the stupid insurance on it... sooooo yeah. just dont buy this phone. its horrible.(mind you my phone had normal use. no dogs are kids to gnaw on it, i don't throw it around)

This is my second phone from AT&T.;  My previous phone was the LG Shine.Let me tell you, this switch was great.  This Samsung gets BETTER reception than my Shine, and I don't even know how that works.  Everywhere my Shine couldn't send messages, this phone can.  So just a little note, if you have an older phone that has reception problems, you may have better reception with this phone.The main reason I got this phone was because I text a lot, and this had the absolute best keyboard ever.  The keys are HUGE for my fat fingers, and they are spaced out well.  They're not cheap plastic buttons like the Verizon enV line, but they aren't mushy either.  The backlight is very bright and is totally easy to see in the dark.  Everyone says how the phone will not keep up with you when you're texting; THIS IS NOT 100% TRUE!  The ONLY time I've encountered this is when you enable the phone to make beep noses when you do stuff on it.  The keys will make these typing sounds, and it does slow the input down and does have to catch up to you.  But, like most people, they'll turn the phone sounds off, and the texting is absolutely fine.  It's fast enough for me.  I'm a 16 year old guy and I type decently fast.  I will however, say sometimes the buttons don't always register, but it doesn't happen all that often at all, and that's no reason not to get this phone.  It's probably the best, most roomy keyboard on any phone.What also bought me on this phone was the very cool and sleek design.  It is this really unique metallic blue color.  It seems like it should be black, but it's actually blue.  It even has like this very tinted shade of purple in sunlight, which I personally think looks very slick!  One review said the phone is slippery, and I will admit it is.  But he overexaggerated it way to much.  Unless you're some clumbsy teenage girl, you won't drop the phone.  You DON'T need 2 hands by the way, unless you REALLY are that clumbsy.  I also like the back of the phone.  It's nothing special, but it doesn't seem like it's going to scratch at all, and it doesn't attract any fingerprints.  Many people complain about the lock button.. I don't get it.  Yes, it is flush mounted.  So what?  If it wasn't, then everyone would complain about how the phone unlocks itself and pocket dials people.  Just use the ridge of your thumb and hold it, and it's extremely easy to press.  Or just use your thumb.. it really isn't that big a deal.  If I get a text, I just slide the phone open anyway because I'm going to be using the keyboard, and sliding the phone automatically unlocks it.What I love is how much you can customize the phone.  There are SO many vibration patterns and options, how strong the vibration is.. there are even modes where you can change it to Silent, Normal, Outdoor, and Driving.  It's a widget.. and I actually use it.  Normal for when I'm home, and then put it on Silent mode for school.  It's very useful.  There's also 3 fonts to pick from.  This is just a personal preference thing, but I LOVE the theme on this phone.  Granted, you can't change it, but it matches with the phone design and looks very nice, and not clunky or ugly.  Black background, white font, and it's very organized.  Some of the widgets are useful, and you can go and disable some of them from even showing up in the widget bar.  The default ringtones kinda suck, but you can just go to any free ringtone maker site, and I found 28 seconds will fit on the phone, and then you're set.  I have 28 seconds of Uprising by Muse on my phone for my ringtone and it works great!  One qualm is that there is no threaded text messaging.  It would be a nice feature, but I can do without it.  When you're in your inbox, you can pick to let it show texts by the sender, so it'll go in order by each person, but it's not true threaded.  The only thing you can't customize is the wallpaper on the lock screen, but that's something very little.  Besides, the most time you're looking at the lock screen is 2 seconds.. so does it even matter?In my opinion, the feature that truly makes this one what it is is the AMOLED screen.  Let me tell you, it's the BEST, most colorful and vibrant screen I've ever seen.  It is SUPERIOR to all of my friend's phones, and it makes my iPod Touch's screen look like complete CRAP!  The whites are true white, and the blacks are so deep.  If there is black on a picture, you can't even tell where the screen ends, because the black blends in with the border around the screen.  It just truly pops.  Funny thing is the screen isn't even at full brightness when you first open it.  I have it on the brightest option. :P  Now, the screen DOES wash out in sunlight, but it's not as bad as you'd expect.  My LG Shine was worse.  You can actually still read everything.  Back to the theme here, since a lot of the font is white on the dark blue background, it's really easy to read the text in sunlight since the whites are very bright.  I've had no problems seeing the screen in sunlight.  I didn't even have to squint or face it away from the sun.  Also, I'm really glad Samsung stepped away from the 3 inch screens, this one is 3.2 inch.  The extra clearance really, REALLY makes a difference in my opinion.Texting like I said is great.  I mainly use the QWERTY, but I've found the T9 on the phone works very well, as does the on-screen landscape keyboard.  The handwritting input is also kinda fun to have! :PThere is no true speed dial, but there is a widget.  Just drag it out, and you can send a message or call anyone with a tap of a button.  It's limited to 5 people, but that's fine for me.So far, the phone hasn't frozen on me at all.  It's been very quick and swift.There is only one problem I've had with this phone, and it's the text bug everyone always talks about.  This is my 2nd day of having the phone, and it happened twice. It seems like it'll happen every 100 texts (whether you delete your messages or not).  But honestly?  This is not as big a deal as everyone makes it out to be, in my opinion.  The phone powers off and powers on in less than 15 seconds.  It's like a 30 second process.  If you are that impatient to wait 30 seconds to send a text message, that's sad. I can see it becoming a little irritating, but it REALLY is not that bad as everyone makes it out to be; that's one point I want to get across in this review.  Don't let that stupid bug prevent you from buying this phone.  It is the one and only problem this phone has that I've spotted.  Not every phone is perfect, and lets face it, there could be worse bugs.The battery has been so-so.  I've send maybe around 200+ texts today, and the battery has two bars left.  I'm not sure how long that will last for, but a normal day of talk & text will get you a full days worth.  I charge my phone every night on my nightstand, so it's not a big deal at all to me.  This could be a problem for people using the internet though.So, all in all, if you're looking for the best feature phone on AT&T;, TRUST ME, this is it!  The Samsung Impression!  The LG Xenon doesn't even compare to it, this Samsung is so much more advanced.  Don't let that one bug prevent you from getting this phone, and don't listen to all the other reviews.  I'm being completely honest when I say this phone has been completely hassle free for me, and these other reviews must be extremely picky.  It's a very solid phone made by Samsung, and I got it at $50, which I thought was a great bang-for-your-buck.  It's customizable, has a big roomy keyboard, an AMAZING screen.. what is there not to like?  My Samsung Impression has left a great impression on me! :P  TRUST ME PEOPLE, you will not regret buying this phone! =)P.S - my 43 year old mom has this phone, as her "basic" phone.  She has a hard time with phones.. but she picked up the learning curve really well.  She absolutely LOVES it!  So this phone can be for anyone of any age that is just looking for a basic phone (even though it does so much more!)

We got these phones from Wirefly in 2010 and both no longer work at all.  And, I can get no help from Wirefly because it has been over 30 days. Duh, does anything break within 30 days?  AT & T's only option unless I want to incur more charges is to buy a go phone and insert my card.  Great.... just great.  Answers to your questions about your Samsung phone can be attained on the internet for $16.95. Oh yea! Times like these make me hate cell phones and carriers for sure!

I have had the Samsung Impression a877 for over 6 months now. It was time for an upgrade, and I had been looking forward to getting an iPhone. When I heard that ATT does not insure the iPhone, I wavered and the salesperson at the ATT store recommended this phone. My initial concerns were that this phone would not be compatible with my iMac for calendar sync and downloading. The sales person assured me that it was. She also pointed out the 3.0 mp camera, and the slide out querty keyboard. (the keyboard on my blackberry was a problem since it was so small) I liked the larger size of it, while it still felt streamlined. This meant I would not need my glasses to operate the phone! I opted for the Samsung, and off I went.Here are my thoughts on the Samsung Impression a877:~While the phone is a manageable size and weight, all of the covers available for this model mean that it is suddenly bulky and heavy. Hard to fit into a hip or back pocket or into purse pockets.~The keyboard is simultaneously overly sensitive and not sensitive enough. What I mean is that you use the same pressure on different keys and they either don't type the key or they type two, three, four of the same letter.~The screen is nigh impossible to see in daylight (out-of-doors), and I am outside ALOT.~The battery life is laughable. I am on my third battery, and they still can't keep a charge for more than a few hours. This means I take my plug-in charger everywhere, and my phone is ALWAYS charging while I am driving or I will not have enough battery to do much of anything.~Accessing the internet is slow, and using the touchscreen to maneuver once you have connected is a pain in the neck...you need tiny fingertips or long nails, and I have neither. Again, once you are on your battery is drained at a ridiculous rate, so don't even think about reading emails, or spending any time at all doing the things you like to do on the internet.~CANNOT, in any way, shape or form sync with any kind of calendar with this phone, nor can I do anything on my iMac except download pictures...and I have had problems with my computer even recognizing that the phone is connected.~Contacts does not have any options for adding address, or home or business phone...this feature just disappeared in the middle of adding a contact after I had the phone two days. Still can't figure out what happened and neither can Samsung customer service.~No zoom feature on the camera...and all of my camera phones previously have had a zoom feature. Although it is a 3.0 mp, everything comes out looking like I am shooting through a fish eye lens. Artsy, but not exactly what I wanted.One positive is that I usually end up with signal more often that my husband and his Pantech when traveling. More bars, and fewer dead zones. Another is that I can read my screen without glasses.I do love the widgets, you can pick and choose what you want on your screen.I only have my previous Blackberry to compare this phone with...along with a Motorola Razr.I could not recommend this phone with good conscious.UPDATE: My BFF boyfriend just sent his back, and ATT admitted to him that this has been a problem phone for quite some time. His screen has not been working for over a week, and texting went caput!

I really do love this phone!! I have a different and better phone now, but when i was using this phone i absolutley loved it!!

Great phone for simple general phone use & texting.Pros:  Speaker phone, alot of memory storage for phone numbers, tasks, calendars, etc..  Love the favorite grouping and 5 other programmable groupings. Touch screen is fairly responsive.Cons:  My greatest gripe is this phone has extremely poor battery life; goes out in less than 10 hours without even using the phone. Better get a car charger just in case.  Also, I wish the speaker volume can go twice the highest setting. Other than that, if you can get it for a penny, it is a great tool for simple general use of phone communication and texting.

I got this phone this week.  Overall, this is a nice phone, works well, looks nice, nice graphics, easy to download music, one of the lowest frequency phones (cancer causing waves.)The issues so far:Speakerphone doesn't go loud enough:  the options are 1-7 and on 7, this is still too quiet, esp. when there is any background noise.  I called customer service and they had no way to adjust this.  I believe there is probably a way to hack this, but I can't figure it out yet.  Which brings me to my second complaint:Customer service - calling customer service for Samsung, I immediately reached a foreign speaking person, probably in India.  It is extremely frustrating trying to get a problem solved with someone that is struggling with English and hopefully companies will figure this out.Applications - I specifically got this phone because I didn't want a data plan, but wanted a touch screen phone with a QWERTY keyboard.  However, there are a number of applications on the main menu, that you can easily use, and cannot easily remove from the main menu because they are locked.  You have to call AT&T; customer service to disable these links so you don't inadvertently use these applications (Yellow pages, GPS, AT&T; Music, Media Mall, CV) and rack up charges for a service you never wanted.  Even after these are disabled, they still appear on the menu and clutter up my screen unnecessarily.  Again, probably a hack out there for this, but it's annoying.  They could just unlock these items to allow me to remove them from the menu.A couple other minor issues - I cannot make outgoing or answer incoming calls on speakerphone.  You have to answer or place the call first and then put them on speakerphone.  Also, the edge of the touchscreen is not accessible.  Like I said, a minor issue, but when trying to touch a phone number to change it, it won't let you place your cursor at the far edge of the screen to edit it from the beginning.  Another minor issue is that the top of the slide out keyboard doesn't slide out quite far enough.  The top row of keys are at the very edge of the phone and it makes accessing those keys a little tougher than it needs to be.  One other minor issue is that there is no "back" button on the touchscreen, so everytime you want to go back to the prior screen, you have to push the back button, rather than having a back button on the touchscreen.  I also wish there was a way to organize my contacts other than alphabetically.  I don't like having their preset numbers like, "check bill balance" and "*now" amongst my commonly used phone numbers.

This is a good phone that has major drawbacks. The biggest being that the screen has stopped working every 5 months like clockwork. Though AT&T; is really good at trading them out for you at the service center.What I like:Full QWERTYGood web browserGood size screenCan tether to my laptop for internet with cord and bluetoothWhat I don't like:Speakers not loud enoughOnly supports MP4 video playbackPhone unlocks when you slide out the keyboardCan't get rid of proprietary games/apps.The phone is OK if you're just looking for a low end touchscreen.
