
nokia n900 is good product .. i feel better with this product and their service....this is the best price i can say...

the best nokia....!!!Very fastbig screennice keyboardunlockedoriginalbad---low average bat.not sensitivenot include aditional battery

I bought this phone in Jan 2011 and meets all my expectations.The hardware keyboard allows me to use it as a laptop on the go for emails and internet browsing. Nokia have done a good job with this and its a shame they dropped Maemo development. The build quality of the phone is excellent. It feels rock solid and feels snappy when sliding.I can vouch for the build quality because Shamu splashed water all over my phone while I was taking her video! and it was so much water that I didnt know how to dry my phone because all my clothes were wet! I quickly removed the battery. After a while the phone went dead on me :( But I blow dried it for a while in the hotel room and the next day... "ITS ALIVE ITS ALIVE!!!" It just came to life! And it had absolutely no sign of water damage, and it was working as good as new!n900 doesn't have many applications... and it works for me because I do not want a million apps on my phone. I have all I need on this phone. It plays all my videos and songs from the massive 32Gb internal storage. This thing was doing full flash browsing back when NO PHONE had this capability. This phone had full skype integration long before any other phone.I have used it to take pictures and videos of many of my trips and the camera works good in daylight. For night you can install a few good apps to do a better job.Battery:The phone definitely has battery issues, but I never found myself looking for a charger if I charge it every night... and my daily usage includes 24/7 online with wifi on IM and Skype accounts, texting, calling, emails and web. Although this phone is quite fast by itself, I have overclocked it! It saves me some battery(surprizingly) because of the way it is overclocked.Overall I am very satisfied with my phone because it does whatever I expect from it.

i just got this phone... and as of now.. im not having big problem on itim writing this review using the phone itself...lets begin with the speed...speed is great... i never encounter lagging yet... changing from one apps to another is fast and smooth... it can also handle lots of apps in the same time as it can do multi tasking....touch screen is very nice... good resolution.. with resistive touchscreen.. u cant even tell if its if really resistive.. the responsiveness of the screen is good..apps... well its a open source os.. and when you setup the download section of the phone.. u have hundreds and going to thuosand free apps... very nice phone.. i tried to down load irreco for n900.. and ur phone can be a UNIVERSAL REMOTE CONTROL  on tv.. and other appliances...web browser is the best feature... there's nothing i can say with it.. very useful for me.. coz i can even do my homework online using this.. or even making document files and presentation...camera and video.. not very impressed with the camera... for me n97 has better camera quality than this.. but its almost the same..maemo os.. well if your new on it.. u'll find it hard to set up some stuffs... but it will give you a real computer experience... with the panorama desktop.. it a nice place to put all ur apps...tv out is nice feature of this while ur surfing the internet or watching a movie.. it shows a nice picture resolution on a 50 inch hdtv... very clear...there are some issue with os.. but i have no worries on that because with just an update it will bw fixed... when ur using the browser the use of the volume button is zoom in and out.. so u need to go on the desktop and adjust the volume... on some items.. that need to be tapped twice to openn.. with just one tap its opening... theres only two prfile and its general and silent...keyboard is very nice.. its easy to type on it.. well i dont want to waste time typing here if it is not... stylus is long enough....i used t own an iphone and still having my n97.. well this a better phone than both.. but still there are some feature that this phone behind on the two..so if ur planning to buy this phone... i recommend this to all of you... and just clear things up.. this is not a phone, smartphone, this is a internet tablet that just happen to make call and sms.. but for me its not a internet tablet either.. its a pocket size computer...

I was in the market for a smart phone and I fought with myself over HTC2 and this one.Finally this gem own the battle, I was still confused about my decision about not choosing a bigger screen until I used this phone.Now I am really really happy for my discussion.A perfectly multitasking mini computer.Switches between application flawlessly.Good browsing experience.Excellent picture and video quality.GPS is little sluggish but very useful and dependable.

I carry two phones - Moto Droid for the US and N900 for Europe. The phones are comparable - great screen resolution (important for me, I read all my books on these devices), keyboard, 5mp camera with LED, multitasking.As a hardware N900 beats Droid on all positions. Camera, keyboard, LED are MUCH better (Droid camera is poor, actually). Screen is more reactive (yes! I have many cases when Droid screen doesn't react to my fingers, while N900 does and it has fine stylus writing!). Add to it easy video out (your phone on any TV in a minute!), integrated FM transmitter (play your music in your car radio with no cables!) and IR transmitter (use as a remote).The software side is more problematic. N900 has greater potential. Plays all video and music formats (leaving iPhone and Droid way behind!). Fully integrated skype! Full browser with flash! Support of desktop apps (well, it is linux). So, if the functionality is the key, N900 is hard to beat. But interfaces are generally not as good as iPhone and android. The use of several apps is more cumbersome. The variety of apps is MUCH smaller, but surprisingly, most of the things I need, are there.So, why to I carry Droid in the US if I like N900 so much? Main reason is Google maps and navigation. Maps are better on Android and driving directions work better as well. I drive a lot and use Droid as a GPS. Would I have a Garmin, I'd probably have ditched Droid already...

Good:  First I will say that the device itself is very advanced.  I am a web designer and chose this phone for the browser which has full flash player abilities, so all websites are accessible and look great.  The full keyboard is very good.  It is also the first cell phone I've had that has never dropped a call.  The desktop interface is also very nice, with 4 available screens that can be customized with widgets, bookmarks, and app shortcuts.Bad:  The touchscreen is not very responsive, and I find myself having to tap the screen 4 or 5 times to get a response.  Nokia has abandoned this phone and its users.  Very limited support is offered for the phone.  There are very few apps, and most of them are stupid.  No one seems to be developing anything for this phone--even Nokia doesn't support it. The ovi store just wasn't compatible until recently with the new Maemo upgrade (which erased all previously installed software, by the way).  The nokia maps installer app is not compatible, nor is the PC OVI application.  Even Nokia PC Suite is only semi-compatible with N900.  The application manager is very slow; many apps will not install the first try.  To get your maps application up and running, set aside a few hours.  Nothing here is easy.  I understand this is a great phone for developers, so if you like the ability to run OS line commands, have fun with that.  I would prefer some ready-to-go apps that are useful.Overall I am so very disappointed with this device.  It is SO expensive and had so much potential, but Nokia has already moved on and left us behind.

This phone is amazing I worked too much to get this phone and when I finaly could have the phone in my hands was awesome I really dont care about 1 star ratings because they're Iphone fans boys so dont listen them This phone is almost perfect you'll also need to take a course to learn how to use it at 100% percent Im still discoverying new things that I can do with this phone.It has only 3 cons1. The MAEMO OS (Just if this phone has Android or even Win7 OS)2. The resistive touch screen (if the phone was multi-touch it would be almost more perfect)3. RAM memory (you can improve it with SD cards but a better internal memoy would be nice)If Nokia could desing the N900 with those 3 points included in the phone, the E7 would not be a big deal compared with the N900 but it still better than the N8 except for the symbian 3 and the 12MP camera but I want a phone not a Kamera.

This item has arrived with a littel delay on a scheduled time, and the battery charger is not working. Luckely enough as a owner of a Kindle is possible to use the same battery charger .Any way this phone is very handy and I coulden't find any issue eighter in the chassy nor in the software. Skype is already istalled and work great along with the normal phone.

Great phone with great potential, plays all main video formats.......And using the internet is great.TV out is crisp, clean and clear, so I watch movies from on my phone and view the internet on the TV as well............it is just kind of pricey (I paid $550)The downside is the Battery life, weight, size and apps(for now)

It is hard to think of this thing as a phone...as a matter of fact NOKIA has managed to strike a fine balance between an internet tablet and a phone- yes it is a phone and it is a pretty little complex computer.I am still new to this and exploring every day, but what stands out the time I have owned this is the power of this phone. There are 4 desktops (yes, multi-tasking at it's best!) and you can add contacts, favorites, shortcuts and apps on these to access whenever you need.Also, you can keep the apps you access open, no need to close one to get to another. This is really handy when you are on the phone and you have to browse the web for some information. So far I have kept 12 apps open at the same time (all heavy hitters like IM, Phone, You tube, Maps) with no significant hit to the performance...ohh this is just like surfing my own desktop :)3 G speed is fast (I use T-Mobile by the way). You could change to wifi when in proximity.There are different calling options- like Skype and GTALK so that means you can save some $$$ on the phone minutes if you don't have one of those unlimited minute plans. Actually, when you call or receive a call the phone gives you an option to select the type of call you want it to be (VOIP or network)Another neat feature is the FM transmitter- I hook it up with my car stereo to listen to media--no more auxiliary cables needed!You could watch the your tube videos on your big screen TV with the AV out cablesFor enthusiasts out there, X-Terminal is inbuilt :) I just turned this phone into remote system administration tool!Finally, no phone can be perfect- there are very obvious bugs that I hope will be fixed via updates soon-phone is on the chubby side, almost 200 grams--but that is the cost of having a 5MP camera, dual flashes, IR PORT-- however this is the best thing out there is you want the functions of a phone and a internet computer rolled into one device--but don't buy this if you are looking at some thing like an Iphone. There is simply no comparison. As I see it, Iphone means restrictions, and being limited in what you can do (believe me I owned one for a month), whereas an N900 is freedom to do what you want. The initial price is heavy, but it will save you money in the long term as there are no long term contacts to be tied down to. It is open source, and you have the root access to play around.One more thing- I was very dissapointed with the Amazon.com customer service. This phone was delivered to me about 5 days late than promised--and worst part was that they kept on telling me it was on time until the last minute- then out of the blue some one went in and changed my shipping method to 2day delivery...I would recommend Dell for a much better order handling and service.

Where to begin...this phone is awesome!  I had a few issues right out of the box ( Just got it yesterday ), but both resolved over night after I let it fully charge and the following morning after redoing the tasks they were fine.I got a unit from the second batch and so far the second batch seems like Nokia fixed the kinks from the first one.  If you want a phone that does everything from SSH, DNS, Apache, to Xvid, Divx videos, then this phone is truly the King of phones.  I'm typing this review as we speak from my N900 via the Mozilla browser and I can tell you iPhone owners be scared...be very scared of this thing!The browser itself is getting updated at the end of Dec with the newest FULL ( Yes I said full ) Adobe Flash so it should be able to play sites like Hulu more smoothly ( although I didn't have a problem with watching standard videos via the browser on Hulu ) since the Flash that comes with the browser straight out of the box is the old 9.6 version.  Just having full Adobe Flash not that Flashpoint crap solidified my decision on pre-order and getting this device.Oh and today I setup a remote DNS with Apache on the phone and have already had two friends test it out and OMG, is it great--what other phone can do that?? NONE!To address the critics:You'll hear people say, oh well it doesn't have allot of apps so that's why it sucks, well neither did Apple or Android when they first came out.  It take's time when a new OS is released but their are already a bunch of apps that are available.  You'll also hear people say well Android multi tasks and it's also a Linux platform...the only thing Linux about Android is the Kernel and Android is not an open platform, whereas Maemo is almost full Linux but in the mobile version and you have full access to all coding within Maemo and customization as much as you want unlike Google or Apple who go after people who customize the OS.MMS as well as full portrait mode control ( portrait is already available but you have to do a little trick with opening and closing programs while you have the phone in portrait ) is coming in the Dec update.  This is one of the main thing's critics use to dissuade potential N900 buyers.Yes it has a resistive touchscreen but you don't notice it, the responsiveness of the screen is comparable to that of the iPhone of any Android touch screen capacitive device ( Yes I had an iPhone so I know the screen ).  Resistive is also great for selecting small objects ( Ever try selecting something small on the iPhone it's a pain ) with the stylus or using the handwriting program so you can actually write notes on the screen ( can't do that with iPhone or Android ) with your own handwriting.Physical keyboard is small but you don't feel squished when needing to use it to type ( virtual keyboard can also be used via the screen ).Turn by turn, voice navigation is coming via Sygic in about a week so no more "Oh the phone doesn't have voice navigation" crap.Everything Else:The processor itself is capable of 1GHZ ( so technically just as fast as the snapdragon ) but is capped at 680MHZ to preserve battery and reduce heat, but the processor itself with 1GB of ram means this baby is fast and damn do I mean fast!I bought a Class 6 16GB micro sdhc a while back so I bumped the storage in this thing to 48 GB ( ofc not 48GB total because of OS storage just like any other smartphone ) more than any iPhone or Android user...  :PThis is THE phone for geeks and nerds and the only phone that's Linux, open, and in all actuality a computer first, phone second but it's also a phone that will appeal to the normal user because of it's accessibility and user friendly interface.What other phone can run full HTML Google Voice and Wave via the browser and not having any slow issues...nothing, except the N900!  Oh and iPhone people, you can actually switch out the battery on this thing, which means extra power.People pay more for the iPhone and they get way less, and people will actually defend Apple's decision for basically making a dumbed down phone, whereas Nokia you get everything that is expected in a phone and the newest and best technology to back it up.  Having everything in a phone is what people want--a great 5 mp camera, dual led flash, camcorder, front camera for video calling, massive storage, full Adobe Flash, full Mozilla browser, massive storage for music and video...This phone after the Dec update when we get portrait and MMS will be THE iPhone killer and seriously ahead of Android on all fronts.New owners should join us at [...] where we have forums to discuss everything Maemo, and if you have issues or questions just go there as everyone is great and we are more than willing to help any person out with N900 questions or issues.Tips and Tricks for the N900:[...]Improving Battery Life:[...]^^ Using that I have so far been using the phone ( After all day recharging yesterday ) with internet radio and browsing usage as well as GPS and email for close to eight hours already and my battery still show's full.  The power conservation on this thing is astounding and is a 100 times better then iPhone or Android.This is the phone of phones, and believe me when you're around people with this phone they'll instantly recognize it and you'll be the envy.  Everywhere I go I always get at least one or two people in astonishment that I have an N900 and how cool it is.Get the phone you won't be disappointed.

Nokia N900 is a great mobile internet device. The web browser is fast and great for all websites. The keyboard is very nice, once you get use to it, it feels great in the hands and typing. There are many different apps to choose from. The 5mp camera look great along with the awsome graphics. I have not hooked it up as a phone yet but to use it as an internet device its great. The setup once you get it is a little complicated but it all pays off. Its all worth the money, believe me.

Nokia has marketed and represented this "phone" appropriately -- that is, as a "Phone/Mobile Computer" -- a phone, and a mobile computer, at least in equal parts.  If you want a phone that offers fantastic "phone" functionality in terms of great speaker volume during conversations, easy dialing, missed call lists, voice mail, crystal clear call quality with fantastic battery life, then definitely, without a doubt, look elsewhere.This device is all about give and take.  It does things that no great "phone" can do, and not even dream of doing, fantastically well.  That is, the N900, with the right operator, can be at least 90% as functional and useful as a lap top computer but with the total mobility that comes with a cell phone.For example, the N900 will render web pages in full "standard computer" format without any compromise, and do it beautifully without any hiccups on its 16 million color display.  The N900's independent GPU and super fast processor speed up flipping through menus and rendering graphics SUBSTANTIALLY.  In fact, I have never witnessed a phone that comes as close to true "laptop" web browsing and functionality, all while having the convenience of a tablet interface. It's as simple as that.Also, while there are definitely lag problems with the e-mail client that comes standard with the N900, it can certainly be argued that A) despite some delay, the e-mail client works well functionally speaking, and B) it renders e-mails in a great format that, again, mimics a laptop much more than any mobile phone I've ever used.  As a professional who needs access to e-mail, and, almost as importantly, attachments and links contained within those e-mails, this phone does substantially better than any other comparable device (and I've owned or used MANY of them -- from the iPhone, to the MotoQ/Droid, etc., you name it).The widgets and programs that come with the N900 are also well designed and functional.  Without getting into extreme detail, all of the programs and widgets I've used so far operate very smoothly, and very, very quickly.  Using the Maemo OS, you can flip through windows at lightening speed with no delays or hiccups, and run dozens of programs simultaneously without any noticeable slow down.  While there are admittedly a limited number of programs and widgets available right now, really, there is a Maemo equivalent "app" for all of the main, most popular iPhone Apps.  If you want the equivalent of the iPhone App that is specifically for finding the closest vintage record store so that you can congregate with other Apple d-bags, you are out of luck, sorry.  For the rest of us, every program you want or need you have access to.So, here is a summary:Pro:-Blazing fast speed in the operating system-Email client that allows you to view e-mails in a nicely laid out format with all access to links and attachments.  Great for professionals.-Widgets and programs that have been developed that are useful and entertaining-Very high quality components and build; a signature of Nokia phones.  They are simply head and shoulders above any other phone manufacturer in quality, ESPECIALLY Apple.-Great internet integration, and if you are willing to switch to T-Mobile (I did with no problems), very fast 3G utilization.-Surprisingly wide range of compatibility given that Maemo is such a unique platformCons:-Hiccups and slowdowns with e-mail and phone functions, but these are generally tolerable and hopefully will get better with firmware updates.-Limited number of programs and widgets available.-If you don't know how to control battery consumption, watch out, because you will be charging this phone a LOT.-Expensive and not (yet) available through a service contract.-Not as user-friendly as competitive devices, such as the iPhone (though that's about the only place the iPhone wins, and honestly the N900 is arguably MORE user friendly to the moderate to highly tech savvy community).The bottom line is that you NEED to research what you are getting into before you buy this phone, because if you're just buying this because it's the newest, latest, greatest phone, especially if you are coming from an iPhone that you loved for its ease of use, watch out, because you will probably be frustrated with this device (at least at first).  Like any great tool, in order to maximize its use, this device really depends on an operator who knows what s/he is doing.  So just read up, research, and then enjoy what is a great product from Nokia.

It shines just to see it out of the box.I might say is the powerful cell from Nokia.5MP camera is not the best for pics but does a wonderful jobWide TouchscreenMAEMO software is very stable and does not crash as SymbianThe only problem is that you depend on LINUX updates that are not exactly from NOKIA

I'm in awe.  Best $400+ I've spent in years.The Nokia N900 is visually pretty. And it just works.  The phone part is a no-brainer, combining the nicest features from the iPhone interface, and the gestures and panels of WebOS (the Palm Pre).  Yet there's none of the lag from my Symbian UIQ phone (it's FAST!) or the crashiness and endless freezing of Windows Mobile devices.  The right brain is happy, with the intuitive interface, random access, and visual process.But it makes my left brain happy too.  Mind you, the following are running without any "hacks" or serious wizardry: a full version of OpenOffice with support for DOC/DOCX, XLS/XLSX, powerpoint, and more. A full version of GIMP (=Photoshop). The phone auto-setup my data connection with T-Mobile, and it was easy set up home & work wifi.  Afterwards, it was easy to get the phone to sync with BOTH my personal Gmail calendar and my work Exchange calendar, but not commingle them.  Amazingly, it even lets me sync more frequently during work hours, or when I'm near a wifi connection, and less-frequently during off hours or when off wifi (which is a nice touch for those on a rate-limited data plan).Support for Skype, Gtalk, and other services are integrated. So the effect is that no matter how a call comes in, the phone just rings.No matter how a message comes in, you just read it in a thread organized under the "conversations" icon.The email app supports every service I've tried.Want to browse the web? It's a *full* browser with *full* Flash support (Youtube, Maxgames for the kids... etc), and not slow either.Gotta make a change on a document from work?  It's all there.Want to seriously geek out?  Run nmap and Wireshark?  It's running Debian Linux, which means your "app store" consists of about 35,000 applications available in various Maemo, Deb , or Ubuntu repositories.Oh, and the kids dig watching 720p/HD movies on the WVGA (800x480) screen that's visually indistinguishable from the vaunted "Retina display" ...and with stereo speakers.This is the phone I've been wanting for ages.Really, the only neutral/negatives are slightly cramped top row of keys on the keyboard, lack of usb-host (bluetooth makes up for it), and that Nokia is moving its Linux platforms to Redhat (Meego) from Debian (Maemo).

I love this phone! The only thing I have to complain about is the battery.  When using internet for merely 10 minutes the battery goes from full to half already.....

I will start by say that I will not sit here and write some long review Im going to get straight to the point. I ordered to the for $349.99 which is pretty good for this phone, The phone has good hardware but lacks software, for starters the one thing that they did not include MMS how in the hell can you not include that this is one of many reason I sent mine back. There is away to send and receive mms but you have to install 3rd party software that is not even working most of the time its called "FMMS". Another reason is that it has a resistive screen also no multi - touch. The time that this phone had came out if Nokia would played there card right this phone could have made a lot of first but i guess they didnt care, Also they made it clear that they will not make an update for it how messed up is that. Only if people could see the look on my face, I am soooo pissed of about this phone I had my hopes up high for this phone and they let me down. I will never buy another Nokia product ever in my life. Final thoughts on this phone please what ever you do please dont buy this phone it will be a waste of time and money also people are going threw these phone like underwear. People are saying they are on there 2nd and 3rd one. That right there should tell future buyer something. I am going go back to my old phone which is a myTouch 4G which is 20x better. GOOD LUCK WITH WHO EVER DECIDES TO BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP. I WILL SAY IT AGAIN PLEASE DONT NOT BUY IT SO NOT WORTH IT.

This is simply the best phone i have ever owned....and better than any i know about...its more like a mini computer than a cell phone....

the charger port came out, can u replace it?i cant use the phone now since i cant be able to charge.

Before I begin this review, let me just ask that you ignore my last name. Yes, my name makes it blatantly obvious that I'm Finnish, but that has absolutely nothing to do with me liking the Nokia N900. I have lived in North America all my life, and really couldn't care less whether Nokia is in Finland or Frisia. In fact, until recently, my handheld loyalty was not to Nokia, but to Palm; it was only after Palm betrayed their roots by abandoning PalmOS and going to this ridiculous "webOS" absurdity that I knew it was time to make a switch. Had Palm stayed true to what they did best, the latest generation of PalmOS devices would still be the only handheld devices in the world worth getting or using, but this can no longer because the case, because there's no such thing as a latest generation of PalmOS devices. The Nokia N900 is a great device, not because of any ethnocentrism on my part, but simply because of its technical merits.What are those technical merits, you may ask? First and foremost, the Maemo 5 operating system, code-named "Fremantle." As Nokia's own flavour of Debian Linux, Maemo has been around for a while, of course; we've seen it in Nokia's previous "Internet tablet" devices like the 770, N800, and N810, but those devices had only Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, not true cellphone connectivity. If you've used one of those devices, you already know how great they are, so consider the N900 basically a similar device with GSM connectivity to boot, meaning you can take the already-mature Maemo interface almost anywhere in the world and get online with it.Before we go into details, let's go ahead and get a couple of things out of the way which aren't important, but which have been mentioned by some others: Contacts and calendaring. As basic logic and reason can tell you, if you need an entry stored in your phone to remind you of who someone is, that person obviously isn't very important to you anyway. I challenge anyone to make sense of the practice of keeping thousands of people's names in a contact list because those people are "so critical" to the listkeeper that it's necessary to look those people up to remember who they are. As for a calendar, the N900 is for those people who understand that life is for living, not scheduling. If you care about either of these things, what you want is not a smartphone, but a pocket planner. Go to any office-supply store and buy one for a few dollars.That said, let's get started on the important things. For starters, the N900 is the only major mobile device currently on the market that gives you a real command prompt out of the box, with no tricks or hacks required. You get the phone, you turn it on, and "X Terminal" is already in the applications list. Sure, there are ways to get similar functionality on other phones, but none of them give you this option without resorting to bizarre tricks that appear to have the manufacturer's disapproval; yeah, you can jailbreak the iPhone to get a real BSD prompt, but jailbreaking the iPhone is a whole other can of worms that Apple has done as much as they can to prevent. You can install an application from the Android Market to give you a command prompt on an Android device, but PTerminal, which used to be the standard app for this, was removed from the Market; do you really want to base your device's functionality on some online store which the manufacturer can change or revoke at their will? Despite the Droid's claims of what it "Does," it's clear that one thing Google doesn't want you to do is actually get root on the phone. As for the Palm Pre, yeah, I know there's that trick where you can root the Palm Pre with the Konami code, but does anyone really care? Some people derive entertainment from imagining that they're clever by using such tricks, but at the end of the day, your needs are generally better served by a device that actually tries to allow you to do what you want to do instead of forcing you to break it in unexpected ways just so you can do basic things like get a command line. The N900 is a recourse for those who want genuine freedom from their smartphones, and who don't mind the phone giving that freedom willingly instead of requiring you to break into it.Naturally, then, when you receive an N900, the first thing you should do is use the Desktop menu's "Add shortcut" command to add a shortcut to X Terminal to the desktop, since it is the most important application on the N900. In fact, you'll probably make your first use of the command line very early on: Like many phones, the N900's GUI does a poor job of communicating the device's battery level, only showing a tiny icon which gives a rough graphical indication of the battery level. Thankfully, the phone has a simple shell command which shows the battery level as a numerical percentage. You can package this command into a shell script, which is how things should be done anyway. The shell command to view the battery level is: lshal|grep percenNow, the N900's list of installed applications isn't complete. For example, it comes with vi, but not EMACS. This will work out well for some people, but personally, I vastly prefer EMACS; thankfully, QEmacs, a relatively light but functional version of EMACS, is available for download. For those who want them, pico and nano are also not available out of the box, although of course they can be installed as well. In fact, it must be borne in mind that since this phone runs a variant of Debian, you have a virtually limitless library of free software at your fingertips that you can download for free, since dpkg and apt-get both come with the device. Yes, "apt-get install dosbox" works just fine from the command prompt, although before you start installing .deb packages from the command line, you may want to check the N900's built-in "Application manager," since many common Linux programs have already been made into packages especially for Fremantle. However, the catch is that the application manager's main repository of interesting programs is hidden by default. By far the largest catalogue of programs is simply called "Extras," and it is disabled by default. Once Extras' "Disabled" check box is unchecked, many more applications become available. The first one of these you should install is rootsh, as it will give you the ability to become root in X Terminal using the "sudo gainroot" command. Out of the box, the N900 has no simple way for you to become root. Admittedly, this is a bit of a work-around, but it has Nokia's full approval, and this additional extra step is more of a way to protect newbies from accidentally doing something catastrophic as root than an intent to prevent users from becoming root in the first place.Once you've gotten settled into the N900 by becoming root, you'll want to get down to actual usage, and since the primary reason to get a smartphone is so you can have a handheld PC in your pocket, I'll confirm that there is a version of DOSBox 0.73 for Fremantle, and yes, it installs and runs quite nicely on the N900. Performance is a little choppy (especially the sound, which tends to glitch every couple of seconds), so you probably won't be running Quake on this device comfortably, but most DOS programs set up and run without major issues. Mouse emulation works a little strangely, with taps on the screen not seeming to consistently register mouse-clicks in the same place you tapped, but keyboard emulation is surprisingly comfortable, although the N900's lack of a full PC keyboard means that you may have to make some compromises in terms of key emulation if you're planning to play a flight simulator which has hundreds of active gameplay keys.Going beyond everyday usage and looking at the overall craftsmanship of the N900, the device feels sturdy and solid; it is slightly thicker than a typical smartphone on the market today (probably partly because of the inclusion of built-in stereo speakers), but not significantly heavier. The N900 does have a handful of nagging quality-control issues; among the most worrisome of these is the rebooting issue that seems to afflict about 10% of the N900s and causes them to reboot constantly (approximately every few minutes), rendering the device almost unusable. If you have a root shell (which can be gained using the rootsh application and the "sudo gainroot" command, as above) then you can do what usually fixes this issue, which is to edit the /etc/pmconfig file (which you can do using vi) and change the line which says "enable_off_mode 1" to say "enable_off_mode 0" (in other words, simply change the 1 to a 0). After you save the file, power down the phone and turn it back on using the power button at the top. My particular phone had this issue, and this simple change appears to have fixed it; the phone still randomly reboots, but now it happens about once a month, instead of once every 5 minutes as it did when I first got the device.(Oh, and while on the topic of tweaking config files: If you want to turn off that slightly annoying video of the two hands grasping each other which shows up each time you turn on the N900, edit the /etc/hildon-welcome.d/default.conf file and just place a # sign in front of the "filename" line to comment it out, so that the line ultimately looks like this:)#filename=Hands-v32-h264.aviSpeaking of first getting the device, one thing that those who've been afflicted with more popular phones will immediately appreciate is the usability of being able to turn the phone on and start using it right away without having to "activate" it. I almost didn't believe the stories I'd heard about having to activate other phones until I took a look at the other phones and tried them for myself. The stories really are true: The iPhone, the Palm Pre, and even the Motorola Droid all require you to "activate" the phone before you can start using them. I really can't imagine what kind of person tolerates this insanity without taking the phone straight back to the store; this is particularly egregious given the "Droid Does" marketing slogan, promoting all the amazing things the Droid can do. One thing that Droid Doesn't: Work without requiring you to activate the phone with Verizon. In a similar vein, anyone who's had an iPhone has probably seen the "Activation required" screen, which is basically a picture of a cable and the iTunes logo, with an arrow pointing from the former to the latter, and a "slide for emergency" slider at the bottom. You literally need to have iTunes installed on a regular computer and plug the iPhone into the computer to get past this screen. Even if we momentarily disregard the fact that the whole point of owning a smartphone is to replace a computer, and thus the idea of needing to plug your phone into a computer is sort of like the concept of forcing your spouse to make out with your other spouse, the idea that the phone will literally lock itself up until plugged into some controlling piece of software is so absurd that it genuinely appals me that people will so gladly carry around these ticking time bombs in their pockets and then talk about how cool their phones are. The "slide for emergency" screen might be acceptable to people who don't understand computers and want their computer to be a beautifully-stylized box that costs too much and does nothing but flash pretty lights in their face--in other words, people who are already hopelessly brainwashed Apple users--but anyone with half a brain will recognize that getting a phone that requires this kind of phoning-home "activation" process is ideological suicide. If you want a useless piece of plastic that will regularly stop working until you plug it into a computer running iTunes because it's just so cool and you want to brag to all your friends about how you wasted money on a "hip" product, the iPhone is for you. If you want a phone that just works--in other words, if you want a smartphone that is actually smart--the decision is obvious. I was briefly considering getting a Droid because of the hype, but today, I'm so very relieved that I got the N900, because as another company's marketing line says, "It just works" for me when I need it to and doesn't require me to register with some draconian wireless carrier, because the N900 is relatively carrier-agnostic and designed to be a stand-alone device that you can choose to use without any wireless contract at all.I say "relatively" carrier-agnostic because the N900 uses the European standard 3G frequencies of 1700MHz and 2100MHz, which are also supported in the United States by T-Mobile USA, but not by AT&T;'s 3G network (which uses the 850MHz and 1900MHz frequency bands). The phone will still work with AT&T;'s network, but only using 2G protocols, not 3G. The only way to get 3G connectivity with the N900 in the United States with a major carrier is to sign up with T-Mobile USA. This may be something of a setback for people who had their hearts set on getting 3G with AT&T;, but realistically, do you honestly want to give your scarce money to a controlling fascist organization like AT&T; anyway?One thing I'm very, very grateful for in the N900 is that it uses a resistive touchscreen instead of the capacitive touchscreens which are so popular right now. This is a pretty bold move by Nokia, since it essentially bucks the current trend, but it allows you to use the phone's included stylus, and there's simply no way around the fact that a stylus lets you choose items from the screen with much greater precision that sticking your fingers on the screen. Let the Apple fanboys fumble with the iPhone's asinine on-screen keyboard, which seems to only figure out what letter you're trying to type in about half the time; with a resistive touch-screen, the phone will figure out exactly what you're trying to tap on. It's true that resistive touchscreens aren't quite as responsive as capacitive ones, but the ability to use inorganic objects to tap buttons on the screen is more than worth this slightly decreased sensitivity. Of course, anyone who complains that the resistive touchscreen doesn't allow for "multi-touch" capability and is looking for something which reacts well to being touched in multiple places at once should look into getting a girlfriend.In terms of the "nice to have" extras, the N900 pretty much has it all. Yes, it has a 5-megapixel camera which takes pretty good photos, it has GPS functionality built-in as standard functionality (not an "extra" which you need to pay more for), it does tethering (although I haven't tested this personally), it has an accelerometer (which is what enables that "Bounce" game which everybody loves to use as a proof-of-concept demo on this device), and it has a multi-color charging indicator/status LED. Depending on what you intend to do with the device, any of these may be a big deal or they may be completely inconsequential, but they're all great to have just in case.Considering all that it does, I simply assumed that short battery life would be something N900 owners would have to live with, but Nokia has pulled off a near-miracle by somehow getting excellent battery life out of this thing. Nokia's stated goal with the N900 was full-workday battery life, meaning you should be able to actively use the device for 8 hours without a recharge. I haven't actually tried this (I use the N900 in relatively short bursts of activity; I rarely find myself having cause to use it for hours at a time), but it seems like I do get many hours of active use between chargings. The battery in the N900 isn't especially large or heavy, so I really have no idea how they did this, but I'm glad they did.So what does the N900 not do well? Admittedly, the N900 isn't perfect. For casual users, its primary downfall may end up being its keyboard; although the keyboard is quite functional and comfortable to type on, it has only three rows, most of which are used up by the letters of the alphabet. An extra row of keys would have considerably enhanced the usability of the keyboard and reduced the constant resorting to bucky-bits that is required when typing almost anything that's not a letter or a common punctuation mark.For those who intend to install a whole lot of applications, however, the N900's single biggest shortcoming is its critical lack of storage space. This is where Nokia really dropped the ball: Nokia's one huge mistake was to assume that users wouldn't want to install a lot of additional applications onto the device, but would rather use it for storing a lot of movies and music and other large media. To this end, the "/home/user/MyDocs" folder that comes with the device has more than 20GB of storage space, but the "rootfs" file system (where all Debian packages will get installed) is only 256MB, and when you get the N900, most of that is already filled with things that come preinstalled. A factory-new N900 has about 70MB of rootfs space available. While this is enough to install some fun things, you will not be able to use the N900 to store and run the entire Debian repository of software, which would require at least a few gigabytes of storage. This is the one single limiting factor of the N900 that prevents it from being a potential true computer replacement (besides the possible limitation of its keyboard, which lacks enough keys to be a true desktop replacement). Some relief may come from efforts to "optify" software for the N900, meaning to rewrite applications in such a way that they install to the device's larger /opt directory (which is intended for user-installed applications), but it's absurd that developers should have to modify existing code which already works fine with mainstream desktop Linux distributions. The N900 should have been designed to handle its own quirks instead of expecting existing code to change for the device. If you can restrain yourself from downloading and installing the entire Debian library of apps, and can live with only running perhaps a few dozen programs at most, the N900 should serve you perfectly well, but anyone who just wanted to firehose the entire operating system into their smartphone will need to wait for Nokia to release a phone with a multi-gigabyte rootfs.There's one other thing which I should probably touch on in this review: You may be wondering, how well does the N900 serve as a voice device? Well, I've had my N900 for about 3 months now, and in that time, I've been waiting to have a car accident or other event which would give me a reason to make a phone call, but things have been pretty quiet, so I'm afraid I can't attest as to how well the N900 actually works as a telephone. Other people have testified that it does have voice chat capability built in, so I think it's reasonable to assume that it's functional in this regard.I've said a few things about what the N900 is capable of, but I've only scratched the surface, because the N900 is a genuine computing device, running a fully-compiled Debian Linux knockoff which allows you to install any .deb package. This means that calling the N900 a "phone" is something of an insult; this really is a handheld computer, upon which you can install any application you want. The pre-existence of this kind of mature library of freely-made and -contributed software is the real beauty of a device running a Linux variant like Maemo. As with any computer, the possibilities are as limitless as your imagination. I used to be against capital punishment, but after spending just a few weeks with the N900, it seems that it is a good solution for users who want any of the other, inferior so-called smartphones mentioned in this review. Thank you for bringing true pocket computing freedom to the world, Nokia.

This phone is the best of ever.It beats iphone in every detail (memory, speed, multitasking, camera, full physical keyboard, support for codecs and flash, fm transmitter, and tons of functionality that iphone misses).And this is opensource.IF you want to buy a hi-tech phone this is THE choice.

N900 is a phone for Geeks. Bit  heavy but tonns of Features.Based on Meamo /Meego. Software is open source so can expect more features from Ovi store.Has a really big touch screen

This phone/Mobile Computer really lived up to my expectations and passed them. in terms of speed and power. I am a cellular salesman , I have been since 2007 so I've followed cell phones closely only because I'm crazy about them, and I normally change phones a few times a year. Not anyone more, The Nokia N95 actually kept me for 2 years and I'm sure this Nokia N900 will keep me for 2 years or more. This phone/mobile computer is a good investment, The only rumored phone to be released this year or next based on this platform is the Nokia N920(in progress title) and the N920 does not have a keyboard like the N900, so this will be similar to T-mobile G1 and My touch 3G I imagine. In that respect even if they come out with a newer model with a snap dragon processor , it won't be a huge leap I believe, I can't imagine any programs that can run on snapdragon that won't run on the N900's Cortex A8 even if it needs a little tweaking. Anyway This phone is definitely for geeks and enthusiasts.I think it's pointless to repeat what everyone else is saying, so I'll just tell you to believe them, this phone really is that fantastic, all the hardware you could need for a long time is there and any feature not yet implemented will be soon, MMS is not available on this handset however they have recently released a MMS program in the Developer repository on this phone that allows you send and receive MMS. I mentioned this because any feature that is not available yet can always be added. The Maemo platform allows for real integration into the os with third party apps and not some cheap parlor tricks, or under developed interfaces. there are a lot of downloads for third party plugins that don't even have their own interface, they work so well that they use the standard Maemo OS interface to configure them, such as adding Aim support( AIM chat is not available out of box). However once installed , you can configure them through conversations just like the other protocols that came with the phone such as skype etc.( There are many others this was just the easiest example).Anyway if you reading all of this, it means your seriously considering this phone, if you want to have everything at your finger tips and want to have piece of mind knowing that your phone CAN'T become outdated anytime soon or later for that matter, then this phone is for you.Just be ready for the weight, the phone is about 1.5x heavier than other smartphones. I swear it's worth it.If you have any questions about the phone or interface, feel free to ask. Now is the time before February when I return to college, otherwise I'm not doing anything right now.

battery is beyond words. turns dead after 3-4 hours with WiFi switched on. with GPS,2-3 hours. randomly dies after 2 hours with WiFi switched off . can't rely on it for nothing,i carry 2 phones and the N900 is one heavy device...Camera's quality (5Mp)is far worse than the iPhone 3GS (3Mp) and the flash is poorly located, creating reflection that destroys any 'flashed' picture.don't go there.

When I was awaiting this phone, I was afraid it could be a lemon (as some other users had reported). However, when it arrived, it was ok. I use it as an alarm, for entertaining myself on the way to and from work, watching clips on the big TV that my PS3 would not play, and for occasional cell and Skype calling.This phone has all the features that I was hoping to get. I look forward to having more applications available for this phone.

The phone is great, but has som CONs:1. Not support CISCO WEP-LEAP, a lot of companies using this, so this means you may can't use wifi in your company.2. Only two profile, normal and silence.3. Phone volumn is not so loud.4. Event misses some functions.

UPDATE 12/28/2011Using a software application called joikuspot (joikuspot dot com) you can turn this little guy into a wifi hotspot.  You don't have to link up to your laptop with bluetooth, rather you can do it with wifi.  And (here's the best part) because ATT's unlimited data plan (because their system does not recognize this as a smart phone) you can surf with your laptop using the ATT network 2.5G (or whatever preceded 3g).  All the other carriers wanted somewhere from 20 to 80 bucks monthly for data ranging from 1 gig to 9 gigs.  With this device and ATTs unlimited data plan (for non smart phones like this one) you get unlimited wifi to your devices for 15 bucks a month once you install the joikuspot premium app (that will cost you 9 euros I believe - well worth it).  I seem to max out at around 300k rates though, but I'm just reading the web mostly and that is fine with me.  It's not 4g, it's not even 3g, but who cares at this price?  I'm connected to the net in between the home and a standard wifi spot....for 15 bucks a month!Solid linux machine with phone capabilities.  Using the debian lenny release, many standard full linux apps will run on this machine (gnome, kde, lxde is probably the best windows manager here but more awkward than the maemo apps due to resource demands - N900 only runs at 600 mhz).  Best part of this phone is that ATT doesn't recognize it as a smartphone and therefore it qualifies for ATT's dataplan for non-smart phones which costs 15 bucks a month with unlimited gsm (2.5g?) data and just a month to month contract.Linking the N900 with my lenovo 410s laptop running linux mint via bluetooth, I was able to surf the web this weekend while riding in the passenger's seat of a car making a 250 mile trip.  While the speeds seem to be at dialup capability, the fact that I have internet and didn't have to pay for the 60 dollar a month 4 GB capped data plans for a laptop was great.  Lacks the sparkle of the newest smartphones, but it fits my needs perfectly.  FWIW you do not need a sim chip to operate this device - something I've noticed you must have to operate a smartphone.  Of course, when you put the sim chip in you expand your data capabilities beyond wifi.  This should be viewed as a pocket linux machine with phone and unlimited data hotspot capabilities.Update May 11 2011:  I find it incredible that the price of this phone has risen from $348.00 when I bought it on April 11 to $499.00 today.  I attribute that to it's open source software that is much more attractive in view of the recent "Iphone, WP7, android tracks you," stories of the last few days. It is doubtful that any tracking is put inside of this open software (although the phone carrier will always know your position as this is necessary to deliver a signal).

I have had many nokia phones before including N97.  Last time I had a palm phone and it went dead on me a little over 2 years.  This phone does not crash as much as N97 although both of them are very good phone.  Only complain is that this phone has very little accessories and also some basic function missing, e.g. profile (only 2 to choose from), no timed profile change (N97 has it but most nokia drop that feature).  The battery drains pretty fast though on 3G (I have Tmobile).  Although I do need to charge it twice a day using data plan on 3G and some 3rd party chat program.  The phone itself has good sound quality and pretty robust on email retrieval.  Overall it's another good nokia phone but wish nokia put some of the basic features back into this amazing phone.

I bought this device to replace a first generation iPhone. I have two cell phones (one for business and the other one for personal things) and I have had tried several brands and OSs. I was looking for something different from Windows Mobile (which I have on my personal HTC phone) that works the same way as your desktop Windows, it crashes and you don't know why but seems to be a common thing to reset the phone at least twice a month and menus are no longer user friendly on 6.5 version. So I was looking for Google's HTC or Nokia's N900 and I decided for this last one.This new Nokia is not only a cell phone, it's a mobile computer. The device comes with Nokia's new OS Maemo which is Linux based, so far more stable than windows mobile. I have been using my new cell phone 3 weeks from now and it runs without any issues. Maemo menus and settings are a lot more simple and user friendly than other Smart phones. If you're familiar to linux based OSs you'll find some useful things like extended desktops and the terminal. And as a real computer you can run more than one application at a time.When I bought it there wasn't too many reviews about it so there were some concerns about this smart phone and OS. Battery lasts for 2 or 3 days spending 1 hour call time and some 3G data transfer a day. If you use it all day long with the internet connection (Wi-Fi or 3G) and you're a call addict you'll need to recharge battery at the end of the day. Menus are user friendly as I mention before. Keyboard is easy to get used to it since is qwerty. I have big hands and fingers and was a little bit worried about pressing wrong keys on it, but no problem at all. It also comes with a stylus pen so you can use a virtual keyboard for data entry if you want to. Even if you live in a country where special characters like accents are used is a matter of time to get used to it but it comes with the cell phone. On this side you can also select a different languages without having to buy a new license for your OS. The OS has a built in VoIP and chat functionality  so you can easily setup your account and start talking or chatting with your friends immediately. Display is WGA (800 x 480 pixels) which is best resolution I have seen on mobile devices.I'm very happy so far for chosen the N900. There's only a couple of things I've experience as partial issues that I can live with and they are: sometimes at my office used to connect my cell phones to a USB computer port to save and charge battery. On the N900 you have to choose if you want to connect it as a store device or as PC Suite mode (where you can synchronize everything). When in PC suite mode I have experienced partial interference with my laptop mouse device which is connected to a USB port also (I assume driver conflict issues), doesn't happen on store device mode. The other issue I have notice on the N900, that I can't tell if it is a N900 or cell service provider issue is that it doesn't identify the caller ID on a specific voice private network service I have at my work cell service. When I receive a call from a regular cell phone or phone the caller ID works as it supposed to. I have contacted Nokia's local corporate service without response for this problem after 2 weeks. Hopefully this is going to get solved by the network service provider or Nokia in the next couple of weeks.There are some applications already developed for the device that you can download from Nokia's site, but since we're talking about a new OS, there are not many applications yet. This one is a matter of time and that Nokia starts moving their devices to this OS that works GREAT!i think is the best device i could get for the mony I've paid for.

This is one of the best mobiles I have ever used. It has got everything in it right from full fledged web browser to voip calling contacts. The make of the phone is very stylish and rich but a bit bulky. But its the smallest computer!The features like integrated voip calling from phone book contacts, FM transmitter are very helpful for techies. Wi-fi and 3G speeds are the best of industry. The only drawback is the battery life. It should have got a better battery life to exploit the market share of smart phones.This is the computer which has a phone within it for people who do not bother about the battery life and has access to power all the times.

N900 prooved itself even after 2 years...it has dropped from my hands several times...serveral meters....and it still works! I have no regrets whatsoever...

This product is very fantastic, I get the product in perfect condition and was very fast, I highly recommend it!

Buen producto....tiene muchas aplicaciones para descargar.... el &uacute;nico inconveniente es la bateria, se necesita una adicional o un cargador de automovil a la mano....mas a&uacute;n cuando se usa el GPS.Queria compararme un Iphone o un Blackberry.. pero este celular fue la mejor opci&oacute;n por prestaciones e interfase.

I think it is goodand its salary is good alsoI hope that mobile reach to me as quickly as possible . . . :)

Works as advertised. Battery life could be better. Seller attached a new screen protector (was a nice surprise)Overall it is what I expected.  Thanks

This phone, or should I say supercomputer with phone capabilities is just hands down astonishing. Nokia has always been known for producing outstanding products and with this product you get no exceptions. Fast processor, countless free apps and the Maemo5 OS system is simply terrific. As always the personnel at Nokia understand what their consumers wants. Exquisite screen display with vibrant colors and simply put just an all around terrific product.

I generally liked this mobile at first sight, as the battery life, usage, menus, aesthetics etc. But I was very surprised to see that the menu does not allow me to group contacts and have different ring tones. This property was present in the phones even sold 10 years ago. Therefore I will sell this N-900 and buy another one.

Don't buy this device if you are looking for a convenient Personal Information Manager. The features of the calendar, contacts and phone manager are at least 5 years behind state of the art user interface.Contacts:1. All entries are in essentially one directory, making it difficult to use if you have hundreds of contacts.Suggestions: Nokia should allow user defined contact groupings.Calendar:1. Repeating events are non-functional. There's no way to set up a repeating meeting on the 4th Saturday of every month for example. If you select a repeating monthly meeting on March 25th, it will occur every 25th. If March 25th was Friday, the next event will occur on April 25th which may be a Wednesday. Whoever wrote the specs for the calendar capability has never used a PIM before.2. User interface is too slow. Too many screen touches are required just to enter the date and time. You must scroll for each date/time parameter. Month - scroll; Day - scroll; Year - scroll; Done: Now enter time: Hour - scroll; Minute - scroll; am/pm - scroll; Done. I'm already exhausted.3. When scheduling a new event, there's no way to see which day of the week it will be on unless you peek at the calendar before starting to enter a new event.Suggestions: My old Blackberry 8700c UI is much better for PIM use. Nokia should study it.Phone Manager:1. No call logs/ call timers / missed calls / No message waiting indicator.2. UI layout poor. Reject and Answer touch areas are adjacent - easy to hit the wrong area by mistake.3. UI too slow. Press answer - the screen takes at least a second or two to show that you are connected. Meanwhile if you believe you didn't hit answer, your keytouch may reject the call.Suggestions: Change the layout and make it faster.Buy this device if you want to have the latest Linux gadget. I have N900 root access, can ssh/sftp/scp to my N900 from my Ubuntu Latop. Very nice. I can VNC to my media server to set streaming video to my HDTV right from the N900. Cool. But, I can do that from my T61 as well with a much bigger screen. In a pinch, you can make the small screen work.Skype phone calls - awesome. But, it should have Skype video capability. I suspect the front(user) facing camera quality is not good enough under indoor lighting conditions to be acceptable for most video calls.GPS/OVI maps - give it up. Crude interface.Summary: There are some very good innovative features on this device. However, if you are a heavy PIM user, this device will slow you down a lot. If you need to ssh into your server from anywhere in the world, this is the device for you.

I THINK THIS CEL IS BETTER THEN I PHONE CAUSE THE SCREEN IMAGE AND THE SOUND ARE BETTER, WELL THIS IS MY OPINION...

I've been using my N900 for a month now and have never been happier with a phone. This little device rocks! It does everything. The browser is amazing and the fact that flash works on it is a bonus. The processor is fast and mutli-tasking is incredible. Great call clarity. Great camera, great video. The only thing I could complain about it the lack of apps but of course the Maemo community is working on that. I also love that it has an fm transmitter built in.

nice phone !!! nice sound ! the only problem is with the flash player... but in general , this is great phone , web browser is smoth and there is a lot of apps ...

I bought this mobile phone because of its gorgeous geekness, but after one month of use I' ve got to say it has some annoying problems.First of all, the battery: I had to disable use of 3g network, wifi, bluetooth and gps in order to get a barely decent battery life(1.5 days). I know it's not just about this phone, but still it's annoying being unable to use 3g internet for more than 1 hour because then you run out of charge for the whole day.Second thing, some choices in the design of the case are disputable, the screen's on/off switch is on the bottom of the phone implying the use of two hands to activate/deactivate it, which is quite annoying. It can be mediated by setting the on/off button properly, but it' s not the best option.Another problem is the position of the usb(or whatever it is) port: when you have to write something, you constantly have the wire in between of your left hand's fingers, which is annoying again.Also the screen is not the best one on the market and while it's decent, iPhone's or HTC HD2 are on a higher level.Last thing, the interface: although the phone has a builtin gyroscope, it' s never used except for the gallery application. As result, this phone can be properly used only on its widescreen orientation, which is great for texting and instant messaging, but it sucks hard when you' ve got to look for a contact and call him.My final consideration is that this phone is worth buying if you're not an "intensive caller", because after a while it' ll drive you a bit mad with its horizontal configuration(the only moment in which the interface is vertical is when you close it right before the phone call).It doesn' t have only cons though: the interface is original and very nice to see and use, you just have to take some time to get used to it.The keyboard is probably my favourite part, it' s freaking comfortable, way better than on-screen ones, it made me almost forget I was not using a laptop to chat.The other nice thing is the operating system: you' ve got a full-featured linux distribution running on it, therefore you've got access to some of the most well-known software: firefox, xchat, pidgin and so on; the default browser is by far the best one I've ever tried on a mobile device(also thanks to the keyboard).An impression I had is that sometimes the whole system suffers a bit because of the cpu speed, which should be ~600mhz, but it's acceptable, the only thing is that it's not as fluid as an iphone.To sum up everything, I think this is a good phone for a geek(also because of nice QT development environment), but I wouldn't recommend it to the average user.

It's been over a week since I received my Nokia N900 and it definitely worth the money you pay. Most of my life I used Nokia phones and Nokia never disappointed me. My old phone was n80.I read a lot of reviews about this phone before I bought and I trust Nokia, so I decided to buy this phone and honestly it didn't disappoint me at all. Okay it has bugs but in my opinion these are temporary. New updates will solve these problems. Also there are not many applications for this phone yet but as I said time will change it. I really liked linux based Maemo 5 and the fact that its not limited like other smartphone operating systems.To be able to open all websites includes flash and java is perfect. I feel like i'm using my laptop because i can see websites like i see them from my laptop. Four customizable desktops makes things easier. You can customize each desktop with different wallpapers, shortcuts and contacts. Also I loved the Skype integration. I can see my contacts through my phone's address book and make calls through 3g connection. In Iphone you can only make Skype calls through Wireless internet connection. So that's a very big plus in my opinion. Other than that camera quality is very good and clear. Also the sound quality and dual speakers rocks. It's fun to watch a movie using the stand. Screen is very bright and has good resolution. Integrated FM transmitter makes listening music in your car easier. No need for separate accessories. Map is not bad. I can easily find what I want. The processor is very fast, even though i have many apps open it doesn't slow down and it's easy to switch between applications. I liked the keyboard. Even though the buttons are small, I can type fast because I got used to QWERTY keyboard. 32 gb is pretty much enough for me. I don't even know how I'm gonna fill it up. I dont think i will need SD card for extra space but if I need one day there is even a place for that. The battery life is okay. I can use all day without charging and day by day it gets better.Shortly this phone has many features and they cover it's current bugs. I'm sure after a while Nokia will publish new updates to make this phone perfect. There is no phone in the market that had had no problem in the 1st generation of its kind. My advice to you is to buy this phone. You will not regret your decision.

Phone worked fine but after 2 weeks it wouldn't boot and the computer wouldn't recognize it. Battery life wasn't great either. I gave it 3 stars because it has a lot of great features until it broke. I sent it back to Amazon to get a refund.

It is a very good phone/pc in general but i wish it supported flash 10 and it need more apps ...

I was on vacation for a month when this phone was pre-ordered and have only used it since mid-January.  Working & living in the middle east is a drag when it comes to using electronics to their optimum potential.  Yet, this is the best smartphone, phone, whatever.....I have had in the 8 years I've lived outside the U.S.  The nokia description, of this device being a small computer first, phone 2nd is spot on.  If you failed to read a statement similar to that, you may be disappointed in your first week of use.  My best friend has this phone and can't stand it.  Mainly because he can't navigate through it.  If you're a person who thinks black & white then you won't like this phone.  For people who can see grey, you'll be most satisfied.  I have had smartphones before.  The N95 which I lost and I currently have the N96.  I personally think the N95 is better than the 96.  However this review isn't for either one of those phones so let's talk about the real deal.  The N900, I don't know how much potential it has but I will be sticking with it to find out.  I took about a week to just navigate through this phone.  Yeah, a week to see what I could and couldn't do.  Camera is OK I suppose.  I honestly don't care about how great the camera is on any phone.  The pictures I've taken are pretty clear.  You can multi-task with this device which is great.  You want to reply to text messages while surfing the net, answer a call all within seconds then this phone is a keeper.  I wasn't familiar with the OS beforehand but I'm more than impressed.  The phone runs smooth.  You buy a $500 phone, you want it to run smoothly.  Remember, this is a small computer before it's an actual phone.  For anyone who can't understand that, stay away from this phone, stick with your iphone.  This phone doesn't have 2 thousand apps, not yet at least.  I didn't get my phone to play games on though.  I have an xbox & ps3 when I need my gaming fix.  I have a few friends with iphones and all I see them doing is playing games on it anyway.  That's great and all but actually trying to compare these 2 phones is like comparing apples & oranges.  If you want to just play games, make calls, and load your phone with apps, then this isn't the phone for you.  However if you want to have vast flexibility in the palms of your hands then you will do fine with this device.PROS:  Multi-tasks like no other.  Exterior construction is more durable than most other phones in my opinion.  Used without a hard cover for a good 2 weeks and doesn't have any scratches.  With all the things that you're able to do with this phone, it hasn't frozen up once.  An internet page fails to open every now & then but that happens with my MAC.  You can customize your 4 desktops with different photos or a main theme if you're into that.  Customize each desktop with the things you use the most, call directory, phonebook, google, media player, whatever.  Downloads other software/programs with ease.  Physical keyboard is more efficient than the virtual keyboard in my opinion.CONS:  I would love something as little as portrait mode to be used with more features other than the phone set-up.  Couldn't find a speed dial feature, maybe I'm retarded.  Receiving a call can be annoying when it keeps flip flopping between landscape & portrait mode.  An update would be greatly appreciated NOKIA. Phone is thick sure, heavy.....not so much.  Maybe heavy for 120lb weaklings.  You want a thin cute phone, get a motorola of some kind.  Battery life could be better just because it would be convenient.  If you're constantly using your WI-FI and bluetooth then battery life will be an even larger problem for you.  However, battery life is a constant problem for most smartphone users anyway from what I read.Hope this review helps anyone looking to buy a smartphone.

If you are considering buying a new cell phone and have looked at iPhone and Droid you should also consider the Nokia N900. This is not your grandpa's [Symbian] Nokia phone! It is a shiny new platform called Maemo.Here are some pro's and con's, please keep in mind this is coming from a software engineer and a Nokia fanatic:+ The screen resolution is better (resolution is 480x800).- Screen is smaller than iPhone, Motorola Droid, and the EVO.+ Resistive touch screen. I liked the touch screen more than the Motorola Droid. It feels much more responsive and accurate, especially when using the stylus.- Resistive touch screen. Since it is a resistive touch screen, there is no multi-touch capability.- Not as many downloadable apps in the OVI store.+ 32 GB of storage, plus up to 16 GB of removable storage.+ Linux (if you are into this sort of thing). It comes with a shell built in.+ Multi-tasking is smooth and integrated. You won't find a better multi-tasking phone.+ Built-in support for video chat.+ Built-in support for several video formats.- Keyboard only has 3 rows, seems small.- Price.+ FM Transmitter (yes, you read it right, transmitter).+ Qt development.+ Component Cable Output.This phone is more like a science project than a polished finished product. I like that personally because updates are constantly coming in and the phone keeps getting better and better. I may be biased towards Nokia phones- but this phone validates my love for the technology.

I am a nokia fan and i have been using nokia's top(like smartphones) phones.this phone amazing and Maemo looks perfect.desktop screens very eyes catching and better than the other phones on the market.sounds clear on phone calls.pros.-led flash-video focus-im(msn,icq,skype) integrated-battery,avarage you can save the day-updates perfect-kickstand-good color contrasts on UI-web browsing,flash support-qwerty hardware keybord is the best,enjoy to use nice and descent to press and feedback,good shortcuts.-screen resolution and colors,good as your desktop screens-you can zoom photos with nice and good resolution-turn to mute function,facedown your phone to make silent incoming call or postpone the alarm-gps connection time and receiption-32gb memory also you can use-skype is perfect-improved contact dteails.you can see your buddy online or noton your desktop screen-FM transmitter BEST thing you can have,clear soundscons.-You can't use the phone when you are driving,walking,with single hand or whatever busy conditions.except phone calls-There is no MMS(via 3rd part app. and also there is no setup nformation all networks)-vibration you cant even feel it in your pocket-heavy and over sized-screen,you can always choose wrong things,use nail or pen-several bugs need to be fixed-music via headphones good,speakers not good(handsfree and music mode)-There is no voice or turn by turn navigation also google maps,there is ovi but its useless disappointing-Limited UI options,like share file via IM or bluethooth.-Still no portrait support except web browsing(you can just browsing,no input mode while portrait web mode)You can have this phone like your second carry on phone,maybe like ipod touch,for mobile computer,browsing,32gb memory,photo browsing,skype.I have used this phone like a month but you cant google any thing while driving actually cant do anything.you cant text,every thing is limitid,its office or not single hand phone very terrible mobility,so i have returned it.

I was a little intimidated at first but every day I learn something new about this thing!Worth it if you appreciate spending a lot of time learning the technology, but,if you think this is just another run of the mill smartphone, think again! The N900 has quite the learning curve, so much more involved than any apple or android device. If you do make the decision to get this device prepare for hours of frustration followed by periods of sheer delight!So far, this has been the best phone I have owned!! I have spent hours getting this thing the way I like it and I still have only reached about 1/8 it's potential!!!Good luck!

I need not vouch for N900's capabilities and awesome hardware. All the inter-net is shouting aloud. I like its slide keyboard. One thing that you should probably know before buying N900 is, you should be prepared to be a hacker to unleash the total power of the device. Wear a developer's hat, get comfortable with Maemo SDK, C++/Qt and write wonderful apps.Also, if your carrier is AT&T;, then there is no 3G for you. I am sure all other carriers (at least T-Mobile I know) have 3G bands supported by this powerful device. If you are AT&T; customer like me, I am happy about the other nice things about the mobile computer and I am good without 3G voice calls. I use WLAN most of the time and EGPRS while on the go which is doing its job very well. If 3G is important for your measuring instruments, they will show N900 low.

I ordered the N900 the 7 of April in Amazon and i get it very fast the 10 April was on my hand( yes was fast Because i live in a island)Anyways the first thing that i saw really suspicious was the packing of my N900 the box looked weared and in bad condition,that first impresion put me to think in the condition of the mobile.When i opened the box surprise!!! the movile dont have the protector that usually are in the new mobile Phones thing that make feel Cheated.Well the mobile looks line new i tried to turn it On and guess what? the phone dont boot up this is because was bricked(some old software issue that the first relasees of this mobile was presenting with the second dot google it)....and something else the battery was almost dead And if phone dont boot up the battery wont charge.So as i could i charge the battery with some old charger and flash the phone with the new release of the Maemo(yes i have to download several programs to do this and several hours in investigation on how to do it).And voila the mobile was working! but i found inside the mobile conversation and like more of 400 contacts of the previus owner.I was cheated by amazon with this item.I paid for a new Mobile and i get an used like New Bricked Phone.After all the cell phone its great!!!! have a lot of features and its very friendly.Only complaint its the size its a little heavy but everything else is fine,very recommended mobile but be sure when to buy it.

I like this and totally recommend over all the other expensive or same priced devices with expensive data plans and long term committments.

Its a Linux box! From an expert perspective, this is endless opportunities of improvement! You're not forced to follow a company policy! The community can take care of the development (as right now! check it out: [...]!) and new improvements like FM Radio, better camera, overclocking... A world!To the basic users, its an great phone! Nokia did a good job putting everything on a very intuitive order like aggregating all kinds of communication on one interface, allowing internet phone use out of the box... etc. And, putting both worlds together, the basic user can use ALL developed applications (from the "experts") by simply adding new repositories. Great!Of course, there are flaws and improvements to the next projects: Its heavier and bigger than the competitors and the battery doesn't last too much (improved with new kernels developed by the community!).I do recommend it.

Bought this after having spent a week reviewing it for WOMWorld Nokia [...] , and I'm convinced that if you're an engineer or a coder or even just a techie who knows the difference between android and the iPhone, this is the better phone for you.No restrictions on codecs for watching video.FM transmitter to play podcasts (from gPodder) on your car radio.Programming done via Python [...]Proper shell access. The thing is basicly a netbook and can replace one for pretty much 90% of what you'll use a netbook for[...]But most importantly, it's Open. Which means that you have full control over your phone, instead of having Apple or Google being able to restrict carriers, delete apps or limit what you can install on the phone[...](Though if you want, there's a project that's having some success getting android to run on the N900).In short, buy it. Until the N9 comes out of vapourware, it's not likely to be surpassed by any other superphone out there.

Excellent product, good customer service from amazon. I am happy I purchased the phone. Good camera, good window transition abilty. Nokia lovers will be blown away by this phone, I have been looking for a new Nokia I am glad I have the lastest smart phone, you can only wonder how they are going to top this.

N900 is the best device ever by NOKIA...Great look & feel...Maemo/Meego is the future of nxt gen Devices.Cool platform to develop apps.

I usually research and obsess a lot over new phones before I buy a new one and they never disappoint and suffice to say the N900 is an amazing phone especially if you like working and customizing it. Although it is a little rough around the edges like any great open source project it has a ton of features, handles all kinds of formats, and has a strong developer community that ensures that even if Nokia have forgotten about the N900, Maemo and new software will still find its way around.Definitely the best Nokia phone out there for the last year and a half, and although I have yet to get my hand on the new E7, this might still trump the newer phone.If you like the nitty gritty of playing around with your phone at the software/OS/core level and like linux this is the perfect phone for you.

I purchased N900 about a month ago. It's a really impressive device. Nokia defines it as a computer with cell phone features. Indeed it's more like a tablet computer. You use the device in horizontally. It can be used vertically only when you're making a call.  Qwerty keyboard is helpful for typing yet it's little bit painful when your headset is plugged; no big deal though. If you compare it with Iphone, n900 has much better hardware, but unfortunately, you cannot fully utilize the device since there is not much apps out there. It's also thick if you compare it with other smartphones. the sound quality is really good. the headset that comes with the phone is quite well. camera quality is satisfactory (better than iPhone) as long as there is enough light in the environment. Browsing experience is better than expected. You can browse anything you want. There are some annoying things with the default browser but you can overcome these problems if you download other browsers. Unlike IPhone, you can run flash on websites which means you'll have pretty much the same browsing features with your homecomputer. Calendar is satisfactory. I synchronize it with my outlook and that helps me a lot. You can also use Skype for VoIP. The GPS of the device is the worst part. I never go out somewhere just depending on N900. IT might be helpful if you're desperate but it cannot be your primary navigator. All in all I can say that N900 will not disappoint you. I can say that it's better than Iphone in general. But it's important to consider your primary preferences for a cell phone. If you would like to have a thin and fancy phone, go with Iphone. but if you don't mind  using a relatively thicker device, if you need a keyboard for fast typing; want your phone battery last at least a day or more, and if you would like to see linux and linux apps in your hand, N900 is your machine. I purchased N900 because I knew it would fit my needs better than Iphone, and I don't regret doing this.

It's simple. I love this phone. Now a day I'm not easily excited or impressed by a phone. Couple of years back, you had a game changing new model every four to six months. But now, I bought the Xperia X1 last Dec and I don't find any drastic improvements in the last year or so.And to start with N900 wasn't even on my radar a couple of months back. I was too busy drooling over the HD2 and X10. Since both are about 6 months away (at least states side). I turned my attention to N900 and I'm so impressed. I feel how I did 4-5 years back having a smartphone which could browse web and check mails.One word of advice though, actually a couple. Don't approach this phone as a phone. Think of it as an internet tablet with phone capability. Next, don't think it would replace your iPhone or an Android mobile feature for feature.Put it this way,1. You are never going to get 10,000 or so apps on this.2. You don't get the eye candy or the capacitive touch screen3. Nothing is laid out to you. No entering your gmail id and see the phone set it itself4. It's no iPod. Not a multimedia device per sayBut,1. The resistive touch screen is not bad. In fact its one of the best I have used. Take my word for it, this wont be a deal breaker. Just don't expect iPhoneish response2. I love the display. One of the few with 16M colors and it shows. It has a 480x800 display and it has 4 'desktops'. Love making the 480x3200 wallpaper.3. Love the Skype and IM integration. First time the phone rang, it took me 5 mins to realize it's through Skype.4. The browser and the legendary flash support. It's good, it's amazing. But be aware its not v10, its still v95. The keyboard is good and feels good too. But need time to get used to the right aligned space bar6. Its not iPhone. Thank God for it.7. Phone looks solid and built quality is top notch.8. Has 32GB and a micro sd slot.Few other things to know, &lt;Edit 01/21/2010>1. Cam is not all that impressive2. BT is almost unusable. The phone shuts off the speakers (this incl calls and alarm) while connected to the headset. You have to wear the head set all the time or expect to miss calls and meetings.~~ This has been fixed in the recent software update2a. The phone frequently disconnects the headset after a call and need to restart the headset to connect again.~~ This is also fixed.3. Setting up the exchange server is pain in all the wrong places3a. Google exchange is not supported3b. Works fine with Nuevasync but wont sync mail more than 2 weeks. Get an server not responding message if you set to anything more than 2 weeks.~~ Now it supports MFX 2003 too. I haven't tried google but there is not off word yet that its supported. But Nuevasync works fine4. Full fledge Skype app is still not ready5. Ovi store for N900 is not ready ~~ Ovi store is now open6. N900 is not added to the Ovi services (like contacts, calendar and others)~~ Still not supported.7. Not very impressed by the Ovi map~~ The Ovi map got a little improvement but the newly announced free Turn by turn nav support is not coming to N900 as of now.8. Nokia messaging is nice but I would prefer a native idle IMAP support (to get push mail from IMAP servers)~~ The idle IMAP support is still missingg8a. Nokia messaging is very slow. When you open it only the local folder show up. Even the already downloaded mail don't show up instantly. It take a about 5 secs to get everything going.~~They have fixed this. Now its pretty bearable. take about 1-2 sec for a new msg to open.9. Do not use the facebook widget, it drains the battery like there is no tomorrow. Actually like there in no today evening10. Though the app list would grow; its still has only about 50 or so apps.11. No native google voice support11. Phone can't be used in portrait mode. Except for the dialer. For me this is no issue. In fact I love it can work only in landscape.Conclusion:This phone has great potential, but a lot of quirks. These are both software and hardware. Example, why no capacitive screen? why no bigger battery, why no IDLE support? Why can't it sync mails through google's exchange server? why is the Nokia messaging so slow? why can't I sync more than 2 weeks of mails from nuevasync?These might be answered in a software update and the next models (they have already announced that 2010 will see an upgrade) will be much more refined.I have a feeling this phone is not for the masses but if you are a gadget junky and need a new fix now and again, you can't do nothing wrong with this phone. Get it with eyes closed.Folks looking for an iPhone replacement, please keep searching. This one is not for you.PS: I lost my N900 this week, for a sec I thought about the Nexus 1 but still decided to get this.Links to the points above:BT Issue:[...]Exchange Issue:[...]Nokia messaging issue:[...].

When I first saw the Nokia N900, I thought it was too big... but when I started to use it, really changed my mind... it's a phone with all the applications you need and even more...

amazing featureif the color would be white that would be perfect for me~

The system of the phone sometimes restarts automatically.The system halted so often that I can't use the phone smoothly.

I am a Nokia N900 user for the past 1 and half years and I still love it, hence decided to give a review.1) First let me go to internet browsing.Nokia N900 is the first phone to have full flash player and the major capability is it will play videos directly in the browser, for sites like youtube, facebook etc. Once facebook moved to latest flash player, N900 is not able to play the videos(eventhough there is a hack and when you do that the videos will start playing).With respect to Nokia N900, every site determines it as a computer and hence will show the full page, instead of the mobile site, which is good, if the wifi or 3G is really good.The best part of the browsing in N900 is you can get a mouse pointer and using that you can do text selection like in system and you will be using ctrl+c to copy the text.  Using the mouse pointer you can replicate the mouseover action, which no phone in the market has, which currently only in regular computers you can do.Conclusion: with respect to internet browsing Nokia N900 is best in the market.2) Playing videos.Nokia N900 has a resolution of 800x480, hence the videos look very good.Nokia N900 can almost play any video format directly, like wmv, avi etc, including flv. I am not sure whether any other phone can do/compete with this.Conclusion: Playing videos is very good in Nokia N900.3) Camera.Nokia N900 has 5MP camera with dual LED flash.  The photos and videos look great, but there are phones in the market which are very good in this area, for example Nokia N8.Conclusion: Nokia N900 camera is not bad.4) GPS.Nokia N900 is pretty dumb in this area, as it doesn't have voice guidance out of box.There is a VERY STRONG community for N900, and the community has given the voice guidance support.Conclusion: Nokia N900 GPS is still long way to go.5) Widgets.Nokia N900 stands out with respect to widgets and its definitely the best in the industry. You can place the widgets whereever you want, even one on top of the other. Widgets are really useful in N900.  Infact Android has started going in this route just recently from Android 3.0 onwards, where you can stack the widgets.Conclusion: Nokia N900 widgets are best in the market.6) Chat and Voip.Nokia N900 stands out in this area too, as Skype worked with Nokia to have the skype integrated into the contacts. Like that, google, yahoo, even sametime all are integrated into the contacts itself. You just need to go to contacts to see who is online. You can call that contact through various options, like gsm call or voip call using skype or skype to skype call or skype to skype video call, same way for google, yahoo etc. It is very powerful, none of the mobile has it integrated like this.  Infact, eventhough Android is google's operating system, they don't have google talk video call in Android, but N900 is the only phone, which has google talk video call too.Here comes the best part, imagine you are online in all the chat softwares for example skype, gtalk, yahoo etc, you can set to show your location.  It uses the internal GPS to know your location and it propagates to everyone who sees you online.  In your friends chat software, next to your online status, it will show your complete address.Conclusion: Nokia N900 is the best in Chat and Voip in mobile phones.7) Social networks.Nokia N900 has beautiful widgets and integration to contact as well. You can configure all your accounts, say Facebook, twitter etc in N900 and the beauty is after that it does lot of potential things.  For example, it will bring all your friends in Facebook and show it in your contact list and when a particular friend changes his/her profile picture, that will get reflected automatically in your phones contact picture.  It doesn't stop there, if a friend is online in facebook, it will show that status in your phones contact book.  Further to this, you take a photo and you can immediately post it into facebook from the photo application itself.Conclusion: Nokia N900 is very powerfull and unimaginable in social network capabilities.8) Bluetooth.Nokia N900 has the usual bluetooth version and it works good even with A2DP.Conclusion: Nokia N900 bluetooth is good.9) Battery life.Nokia N900, in line with all the other powerful smartphones, with all the widgets constantly checking the internet and all the chat softwares too constantly checking internet, it comes for 75% of the day and you need to charge it after that.Conclusion: Battery is not that good in N900.10) FM transmitter and internet radio.Nokia N900 is outstanding in this area. If you search in internet and you manage to get your popular radio stations URL, you just need to grab the URL and provide it in the media player, then N900 can stream your radio station live from internet either using wifi or 3G, which means even if you are in any part of the world, you will be able to hear your favourite radio station live. Using the build-in FM transmitter, you can transmit to your own car radio at particular frequency that you set.Conclusion: FM transmitter is really good, internet radio concept is unique.11)  Multiple operating system with dual/tri bootingNokia N900 is like a computer, you can install multiple operating system like Meego, Android etc in memory card and will be able to have dual booting, where in computer it offers you to decide, which operating system you want to boot, similar way N900 offers that.Conclusion: Nokia N900 is so unique in this.12)  Infra red portNokia N900 has a infrared port.  Since the community is very strong, they gave applications to control your tv(remote control for tv) and they gave applications to control your camera.  Now you will be able to imagine the possibilities of this infrared port.Conclusion: Nokia N900 is one of the best in infrared port.13)  RSS feedsNokia N900 has very good support for RSS feeds.  It even has a widget, where you just see the headlines and if you wish to read more, you click it and go to the actual news in a browserConclusion: Nokia N900 is one of the best in RSS feeds.14) Last but not least, the Maemo communityThis is the best I have ever seen.  The applications that they give for N900, we can only dream of.  Infact this community really takes the N900 to the next level.I hope, I covered the review of some distinct features apart from the usual ones.

Just got this phone last Friday and I had all weekend to play around with it. And it is AMAZING! The multiple desktops help in quick launch of apps. The fast ARM-Cortex A8 processor loads the apps in a jiffy.Even if the make is all plastic, it feels durable and well built. I would give a 5 start but there is one downfall: BATTERY LIFE SUCKS!!Normal smartphones usually last at least 2 days on a full charge with adequate use. But this phone just drains it faster than you can say "I love my phone because it's fast!". On a full charge and normal use, my battery was almost drained in less than 24 hours!Make sure you have both portable and car chargers because you will need it. But all in all, it's a wonderful "phone"!

Still works, still awesome after 9 months.  No issuses to report.  satisfied owner here.

The N900 is a very nice device, however...it runs on Maemo OS.The maps do not have and will not have turn to turn navigation ever.The OVI interface to connect the N900 and your PC is way too slow, or just doesn't work at all at timesThe N900 CANNOT connect via USB only Bluetooth, that slows the sync even more down, you need hours and hours to sync.Within 5 days the N900 started to develop grey lines in the screen, after 7 days it had over 10 linesI have sent it back.very disappointing, and Nokia should re invent the OVI interface, it sucks ! an embarrassment for this big company!

I nicknamed this phone "the brick", Nokia can't be serious. With such sexy smartphones on the market (nexusone, iphone 3gs, droid, palm pre) they cant really expect to sell this phone in any real volume, its just not gonna happen. This phone is in the same price range as the very sexy and capable nexusone.Here the upside (and why its not that great):- Browser support full flash (so does nexusone).- Panaromic desktop (i just couldn't think up enough things to put on them all).- Keyboard is better than droid.- Highres screen is nice.- Camera is responsive (better than the G1).Here's the downside:- Very thick (i mean uncomfortable in pocket thick).- Most menus only work in landscape mode (even the main menu).- Doesn't support exchange 2003 yet.- Screen is a finger print nightmare.- Very few supported app, no ovi store yet (not that thats saying much).Here's a list of my recent phones (last year) which was my base for comparison:- Blackberry Curve 8900 (excellent for a BB)- Blackberry Bold 9700 (not as good as 8900)- Nokia 5800 XpressMusic (loved it, it's not pretending to be a smartphone)- Nokia 5800 Navigation (same as above)- Nokia 5530 XpressMusic (same as above)- Nokia N97 (nice phone, not worth $$$)- Nokia N900 (brick)- Tmobile/HTC G1 (not bad for a first try)- Tmobile/HTC Touch Pro 2 (brick with weak software/os)- Motorola Droid (nice hardware, even better software)Nokia's real problem is that they have not managed to capture the imagination of developers like apple and google have. Its nice maemo is open source but why would a handset manufacturer use it when they can use android. And without widespread manufacturer support I don't see maemo making any real waves in the handset market.If you want to spend some $$$ on a smartphone I would take a look at iPhone 3GS (AT&T;), Palm Pre (SPRINT), Moto Droid (VZ) or HTC NexusOne (TMOB) depending on your carrier of choice.

This phone sucks. Dont buy it. The battery life is crap. You cant send or recieve MMS. The media player thats comes installed on it is definitely not user friendly. Making a playlist takes forever, if you put a song in a playlist and later decide you want to remove it, you have to clear the whole playlist. The applications are limited and suck; after downloading a few apps, the phone wont boot. Check out the apps they have available for the N900 at ovi.com before you look at buying this phone. Save your money. Im gonna buy the new htc 4g evo, (i will never buy another nokia). If anybody still wants a N900 I've got one for sell.

Device shipped very quickly.  They said delivery would be between March 27-April 4 but it ended up arriving March 21. So that was awesome!  They only problem was that being a referbished device I should have checked everything before using it and the USB port ended up coming off (a known problem with these devices) so all in all this company did great at getting the device to me as quickly as possible but for the N900 check that darn USB port before using it.

I usualy am an early adopter of newer technologies...Having said that, I also did a massive amount of research before I made this expensive purchase.  It's rather simple really:1) If you want ease of use and cads of apps & games (well...read how Apple started pulling "sexy apps" because of complaints and take in how restrictive Apple can be if they wanted to) then pick the Iphone...It is here to stay and it is light years ahead of the N900 in many aspects.2) If you want a computer foremost and the phone functions as an added bonus then by all means pick the N900.  It mainly is for geeks and people who want to stand apart from the crowd.  The power is there...It just needs time to evolve.  Heck...The N900 might not even make it in the long run but that's why I have an Ipod for the games!Please think long and hard before you buy the N900...I don't regret my purchase at all.  You shouldn't be either if you know what to expect!!!

The Nokia N900 has decent hardware but horrible buggy feature-incomplete software. Its operating system (Maemo5) has been abandoned by Nokia and the applications written for it are mostly written by hobbyists in python. Some are good, many are not, and some don't even install correctly. Getting basic features to work correctly -- like syncing the phone's calendar with Google calendar -- require countless hours of Internet searches and the trial-and-error installation of alpha-release hobbyist software. The phone ships with not one not two but THREE separate bookmarks to Nokia's OVI store/service, and guess what? None of them work! Nokia's own OVI store/service reject the N900 as an unsupported device. I own this phone's predecessor (the Nokia N810) and swore never to buy another Maemo device. It's simply not worth the hassle for people like me who want our mobile applications to work out of the box.In that boiling tar pit of application horror exists a brilliant and valuable gem - mobile Skype video calls. Yes, as of May 2010, you can make Skype video calls from the Nokia N900 with front-facing camera to any Skype client on any platform, either over WiFi or over T-Mobile 3G. As of this writing, this is the only phone in the world that can do that. For example, the iPhone 4 can only make video calls to other iPhone 4s and it can only do it over WiFi. The Evo 4G lacks a Skype client. And yes, it will take hours and hours of internet searches to figure out how to get Skype video calls to work on the N900. But work it does.So that leaves you, gentle reader, with a simple decision. In front of you, the boiling tar pit that is the Nokia N900 with Maemo5. Somewhere in that tar pit are the rare and valuable mobile Skype video calls over 3G. Are you willing to pay $450 to step into the tar pit and retrieve the treasure?

execllent to receive Gmail,news and talk thru skype and google. in Compared with my previous 5800,the speed is much faster.a few thing to be improved  such as power consumption is bigger which require better battery. performence,need easier way to enlarge message ,need better instruction manuel for time saving;Also surprise that the car charger is not come with the phone,the connector of abdaptor in easily loosed out ~

I got this phone a little bit more than 1 month ago.  And now I am deeply disappointed.  Foremost is the Wi-Fi, which has stopped working after 1 month.  The phone simply cannot connect to my home router.  It has been two weeks, and I searched the Internet and got to know it's almost a universal problem.  An Internet phone without Internet!  I can see it is not my router problem.  My PCs can connect to it.  My iPod Touch can connect to it.  I also tried with the suggestions from MAEMO board, neither worked.It sucks!

I wasn't happy with my T-Mobile G1 and was intrigued by the Nokia N900.  I made the jump and now have gone back to the G1, appreciating it all the more.Typing on the N900 is a horror. I thought the G1 keyboard was small -- the N900 makes the G1 feel like a classic Northstar. Now, that might seem like a small quibble. It's true that the screen is larger, the resolution greater, the camera a real point-and-shoot replacement, the radios are strong... but you're going to be using the keyboard a LOT with an N900. The apps aren't quite there yet. You're going to be doing a great deal of gluing and crafting to get things to run at first -- expect to spend time in the root shell. For a programmer, that's not so bad... but coupled with a bad keyboard, it's a deal-breaker.As a test, show me how to make a percent sign on the hard keyboard of an N900. I'll save you the trouble, you can't make one. You have to light up the symbol table and choose it on-screen.What's more painful to me is the glacially-slow updates to the Nokia software, especially when compared to Google. Ovi Maps should have been turn-by-turn for N900s already... where is this? Why is MMS support an add-on? Why is rotation such a difficult task on this device?  microUSB?  Really, I have to go get more adapters and cables now?  At least a 3.5mm headphone jack is there.By punting this over to developers, Nokia is saying that they cannot solve your problems. They aren't leading in the space. Moreover, the muddled roadmap is killing them. Developers want minimal targets, and Nokia keeps changing the targets. OS2006-8, Maemo, Meego... sorry, NoGo. EasyDebian is an interesting *TOY*, it's not the end game, not with all the difficulty around porting existing apps to be functional on a small screen.Here's the minimum Nokia needs to succeed with this device, with this platform and program:-one target roadmap, fully detailed, and predictable;-more frequent shipping of code, even in point releases, to develop a culture of success, progress, and momentum;-crushing the outstanding UI issues and expected functionality complaints by delivering;-provisioning real ARMEL tools to get as many existing Debian apps onto their platform as possible.In short, they have to make it as easy as Android development, and give devs a single SDK target. There's too much flux, too much unsettled, and the N900 reflects that.  I wish this phone was more polished, I do.  I might have been able to accept the awful keyboard if it had more finished functionality, but in the end, it's going back.--#

I received the Nokia N900 phone and really loved it.  But about a week after I got it, the phone started turning off and then it turned off and would not come back on no matter what I did.  Amazon exchanged it for me and the new one works fine.  My experience with doing an exchange with Amazon (first time) was great.  I really love being able to give them a number and time to call you at instead of being on hold for 30 minutes waiting to talk with a real person. They sent me a replacement phone immediately and an UPS label to return the phone for free.  I just had to return this original phone within 30 days or I would be charged for both phones.  New phone is working fine.  I know that any company can have a product that is defective, so I don't hold it against Nokia or Amazon.

Lots of apps continuing to be released for this awesome phone.It's open, which is the best reason why it's better than the iPhone.

I just got the phone yesterday and let me tell you it is amazing.  I am coming from a iphone 2g so it does take a little while to get used to the touch screen but once you do it is way better then the iphone.  The screen is the best I have seen almost looks like a AMOLED screen.  The Camera is very good takes amazing pictures, and video.  The keyboard is very good and easy to get use to.  The phone has a 2.1 speaker system that sounds amazing for a phone, very clear and amazing quality.  I had a issue with hearing or feeling my iphone ring or vibrate and this phone is far better I can hear and feel when I receive a call or a text 10 times better then the iphone.  I really enjoy the widgets I just cant wait until more are made for the device.  The phone is very smooth in transitions, and does not get laggy while listening to music and web browsing at the same time at all for me.  The internet is by far the best on a phone I have seen.  My T-mobile service is far better then what I had on a iphone there is no comparison at all.  I cant say anything but good things about this phone if you get one you will never regret it this phone is well worth the wait to get one.  Nokia did a amazing job on this phone all they need to do is have someone develop new widgets and come out with the ovi app store and the phone will be unstoppable.

I purchased the phone after reading many comments on it. As an IT person i wanted something more than a normal phone that will allow me to custom install programs onto the phone. Due to this phone being open to allow you to install different operating software in addition to third party software above what the blackberry gives, it was a clear decision.The phone has operated very well in the role, i wanted it for more than a year, although i needed to hard flash the phone twice due to installing software that still needed testing, (my fault, but i was prepared for it).The ability to do skype calling and messaging seamlessly is a big plus as to all the other programs one can install. Battery life is ok for such a big phone, although Nokia could have used a more powerful battery.My big complained about the phone is the standard e-mail program that comes with the phone. Reason for a 4 and not 5 star rating. Yes you can install third party e-mail programs such as claw's mail (that is not that brilliant anyway), however my previous 900 series phone had an awesome e-mail program, so what went wrong?The big problem with the e-mail program is the need to be constantly connected to the internet. Even when you downloaded an e-mail, when you want to open and read it, the phone will go into rechecking the mail, and you sometimes have to wait before an e-mail message will open, that even after you have viewed the message already. If you are not connected to the internet the phone will at times not displays the e-mail message, saying it needs to be downloaded first, even when you viewed it before. There seems also to be no pattern to it, as messages not viewed before and messaged viewed in the past will at random either open or fail, giving you the message that the mail needs to be opened. If you relay on your e-mail when offline from the grid, i would not recommend this phone as i do not recommend the claws mail third party program.That said, unless you are a power used with technical skills, i would not recommend this phone, rather get the N8 or a blackberry. If you are however a power user who does not mind working out some solutions and want a phone apart that you can customize as you want, then this is definitely the phone for you.

This has the makings of being an excellent phone/tablet from Nokia. The phone has some remarkable and excellent features and is certainly worth owning. However, right now, months after the N900 was introduced, many useful and sought-after software features for it have yet to be released. Things like the OVI Suite, for example, still do not work with the N900.It's not only disappointing but also perplexing to discover this particular shortcoming given that the N900's picture is on the web page showing phones that OVI Suite supports. That's not very good communication.Until there is a major firmware update addressing this issue and several more that have been discussed in numerous blogs, the phone won't be able to live up to its obvious breathtaking potential.It's a premature birth. But with firmware updates, and some additional application releases, one can expect it will become the product customers had in mind when they bought it. The sooner the better.

This items is the best but dont have out the box mms and is not multitouch. So no pinch to zoom. But it does everything fine.

I just got my new N900 and since day one the screen was always freezing and today the charger already doesn't work. I don't know if this is typical of the product or the seller but in any case I am thinking about returning it and use my waranty for this purposes.

Great Gadget. The best part is the Debian based Maemo OSI would like it to be sold directly in Mexico and also to be compatible to local 3G band

its good but for a busy person its not easy its good for a student to use both hands, and while I'm driving working place it was not easy to use i.but i did enjoyed internet ,skupe,facebook and news on it

It was a great phone i did have problems with it.. wasn't really user friendly.but i still kinda miss the phone.media player was GAY.Texting&Email; was BEST.Web surfing was EH.Camera&UI; was pretty good actually.over all i think it's worth giving a try.

I bought three of these nokia n900 phones in January 2010. First my friend's phone stopped working. Then she sent the phone to Nokia and they fixed the phone sating that there was a memory problem. After that my n900 phone's touch screen froze and could not do anything at all. I tried every thing I could. I removed the battery, left it about 20 minutes outside and put it back and tried. But it did not make any difference. I then sent it to Nokia because it was under warrenty. Then Nokia sent me back the phone stating that there was nothing wrong with the phone. they have just reset the phone. I then started using the phone. Few minutes later touch screen started freezing again and started working automatically (Main menu to home screen and home menu to main menu back and fourth). I then called Nokia and sent the phone again for the second time. Now today Nokia sent me the phone stating that there was nothing wrong with the phone.  I then turned on the phone and checked. Touch screen is not working properly at all. sometimes it works sometimes it's not. Sometimes it even does things that it is not supposed to do. I AM REALLY FEDUP WITH THIS PHONE NOW.  My brother also complains that HIS phone is now running extremely slow even it does not have many applications istalled. I am thinking of sending this phone back to amazon even if I get a few bucks.  IF YOU WANT TO SAVE YOUR MONEY...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. THIS PHONE IS A DISASTER. I have been using nokia phones over 15 years and never had a problem. But this phone is a pain in the butt. I am writing this review with the experence of three (3) nokia n900 phone. Not just one phone. SO PLEASE TAKE MY WORD. DO NOT EVERY BUY THIS POHONE.

As a long time user of the Nokia N series devices, this one takes the cake.  Loaded with everything you could ask from a Linux based MID, the N900 extends your communications suite to your pocket.  I have T-Mobile unlimited data service ($33/mo.) and nothing else.  No voice, no SMS.  Just data.  With that, I'm able to do everything I could ask.  Voice (via SIP using a free Gizmo account with Google Voice over the top).  Data (obviously...unlimited data plan).  Video Conference (via Google Talk, my works Jabber server, SIP, and even to the Tandberg at my office).  Blended technologies like Voice over Google Talk's IM infrastructure work great as well.  I can initiate a video conference from anyway I have T-Mobile server to virtually anything (another N900, my wife's Mac using Google Talk and a web cam, my son's Windows 7 tablet with Google Talk, the iMac in my kitchen with iChat on it).  I can't say enough good about this thing. Overall great phone.  On top of that, having the ability to ssh into my servers, VPN into my work network, check multiple e-mail accounts, including Exchange, and a litany of other capabilities is the icing on the cake.  You will not be disappointed.  Also if you have an N800 or N810, the VTC between them works great.

This is great cell phone and I am very happy with my purchase. For those from Costa Rica, this phone won't work in 3G since it doesn't support the 850 MHZ band. I am still giving it 5 stars since I'm not concerned about this limitation.

Amazing device. I had the N97 which is crap compared to the N900. As soon as I knew the n900 was in stock I returned my ex n97. It is faster and very responsive. The screen is much better than the n97 eventhough they are resistive. On the n97 there were a lot of dots on the screen (because it is resistive and Ive seen it on other devices) and I dont know why but in the n900 there arent any, those dots would get on the way some other time. Nice feedback on the keyboard and despite its size and weight it feels very good an the hand. The bad... fm radio app needs development, can't use the LED light for video, provided headphones are  REALLY CHEAP with bad to average sound quality and doesnt have music controls on it, but that is not too big of a deal. I love this phone and can't wait for the next n920 or whatever it wil be call.

I purchased this phone unlocked and without a data plan. I am using it through wifi, when getting on the internet. I love it. Great phone, great features.

Let me answer that question in a way you will never forget. BEST PHONE IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!!!Here is why,1. Running application on your desktop like a real computer.2. Freedom! to do whatever you want with any file3. Battery Life is great compare to many smart phone out there.4. Ever heard the commercial for Verizon Droid. " Whatever iDon't, DROID DOES, But N900 DOES BETTER!Let me tell you again, the "best phone in the whole world."

really its a great product. i would recomend this product. awesome part was rhe cable for a HD Television.

I have owned the N900 for sine June of 2010. Before that I owned the Nokia E71. Switching over from the E71 to the N900 gave me mixed feelings about this phone. For starters the N900 packs more hardware and software features then the E71, but from a practical  use percpective(meaning you soley rely on this phone) it comes a bit short.What I like about the N900 is the 3.5 touch screen, its multitasking capabilities, and integrated skype feature which is nice to use if you have relatives overseas, because skype to skype calls are free.  Finally what I like about Nokia is its a worldwide and if you go abroad it should be easy to find parts such as new battery or charger.What I hate about the N900 is its battery life. I take off the phone from the charger at 10am I might use the phone for an hour or two and by 12 am the battery is almost dead. What is suprises me is that the E71 had a 1500ma battery with half the screen size and processing power of the N900. While the N900 has a 1300ma battery. I went to Mugen's website [...] power and I got the 2400ma battery, it comes with a back cover and extended battery. The battery ships from Hong Kong, but now with the extended battery I can go two days without charging the phone. If you plan on getting the extended battery its going to make the phone as thick as a  100s pack of kings ciggaretes. The back cover does not have a kickstand nor does it have a cover for the camera. It has an on off switch to turn on the camera. The reason for the switch is that the orginal cover uses a magnetic stripe when you open the camera cover it makes the camera turn on.Words of advice to N900 users:1. If you download allot of apps on the N900 it will slow down the phone. Especially if the apps are running in the background. You can get more applications in the application manager by going to extras developers catelog, the problem with this catelog is its more for testing, some applications will work fine, others will jam the operating system up, and make it unstable. If you do experiment with it you can uninstall the app. If that doesn't work reflash the device. Instructions for reflashing the device can found online, but the way their written is more focused on a programmer audience.2. Another word of advise if you plan on buying a carrying pouch get one without magnets, because everytime I bought a case in which used magnets to secure the device in the pouch it would unlock the phone, and thats primarily caused by the magnetic switches that are used to tell the device whether the keyboard is open or not.

Pros:* Fast - The device is quick, sporting a 600mhz processor and 256megs of RAM (with an additional 768megs of swap space) it multi-tasks like a dream* Storage Space - By default it has a 27gig storage partition for media and files. Also is a mircoSD expansion slot that will take up to anther 16gigs* Powerful Camera - 5.8 mega pixel camera with a full flash. It takes sharp pictures and video recordings* Nokia Sponsored Community Repositories - FOSS applications written (or ported to Maemo) by the community are housed in an official "extras" repository. Installing additional applications from here is as easy as adding software to Ubuntu via the software center.* TV Out - Provided with the phone are RCA cables to hook your N900 into a television/projector that hook into the headphone jack.* Fantastic Browser - The N900 arguably provides the best mobile web browsing experience out there.* USB-Micro Charging - The N900 charges via a standard USB micro connection, instead of some odd proprietary jack like many devices.* Crystal Clear Screen - The 800x480 resolution is beautiful! Everything displayed on the device is crisp and clear.Cons:* Battery Life - With heavy usage the N900 dies in about 6 hours. While this is still fairly good I've found I run the battery out almost every day from usage so I've taken to carrying a charging cord with me.* Maemo Libraries - Maemo 5 is not compatible with most Debian Armel packages. This is because Maemo uses older library files for many (most notably libc6) packages. Updating said packages manually causes Maemo to stop working in most cases.* Default Filesystem Setup - The default file system on the N900 is super non-standard and is my biggest complaint about the device. It contains a 256meg rootfs, 2gig ext2 /home, and 27gig fat32 storage. You can adjust these, but it is difficult to say the least and not something a new Linux user should attempt.* Non-Standard Key Maps - Some of the key mappings on the N900 are not the same as a standard keyboard. As a result some Linux applications that are ported need to be remapped to work fully.* Awkward Placement of Charging/Headphone Ports - It is awkward to hold/type on the device while either (or both) of these are plugged in. Not impossible, but still annoying.For more in-depth reviews on the N900 (as well as N900 software) check out - [...]~Jeff Hoogland

The only thing I hate about this one is the ridiculous battery life, using smaller battery than E71 :| That's why I just sold it, luckily, for $400 :DBest for T-Mo users.

I currently use an iPhone 2G with T-mobile that I bought unlocked on eBay and as much as I would like a 3G iPhone, it wont work on Tmobile network so my next alternative was to look at this incredible phone/computer Nokia N900. I will keep this review simple and easy.Pros:- Incredible software - Maemo- Multi tasking at its best!- FM Transmitter is just incredible- Bluetooth is not stunted like that of iPhone!- Sync software is one of the best and you can sync the phone via Bluetooth !!!!!!- Very easy to navigate and very intuitive settings- Easy to set up emails.. but (see the continuation of this under 'cons')- Camera is 5MP with Carl Zeiss lens and is probably the best I have seen on any phone yet- Video shoots at DVD Quality - Drop your camcorder, camera if you have this phone !!- GPS - what can I say!!! It took about 8-10 seconds to get the location fix and is incredibly accurate- FM Radio - finally can listen to web/radio FM songs- Powerful WiFi antenna- Flash support for browsers - Finally a phone with real world computer like browsing experience- Interface is fast and superlative- Screen has a Haptic feedback which helps tremendously!!- Skype Integration - OMG This is the best feature ever !!!- Python !!! - N900 apps will be made using the simplest language after Basic - Python!! So hold your horses for an explosion of apps very soon..Cons:- It has a resistive screen and not capacitive so the responsiveness is not as much as the iPhone but hey, I can use a stylus... and not have to take my gloves off in COLD WINTERY DAYS!- Email client is iffy, Does not support Exchange 2003 yet but only Exchange 2007 - (an update is in the process to fix this)- Yahoo push email service is missing - I could not get folders to show up but just the inbox was able to load- Except the phone (which works in both portrait and landscape modes) everything else works only in landscape modes and again a Nokia update supposedly before the end of the year is going to fix this !- Very limited apps at this point- Weight and size - but again don't compare this to the iPhone which is stunted in features but only good on Apps that are free and mostly games!!!- No 3G for ATT .. Did not affect me since I am on Tmobile!Overall, this is one of the most promising phones that I have ever seen with so much packed into this device, I can only foresee Nokia getting a N910, 920 without the physical keyboard and cutting the weight and size of this beast which will then be the iPhone killer!!!This phone needs some getting used to and getting accustomed to. There is a certain learning curve associated with the phone, but once you cross that, the sky is the limit to what you can do with this phone!Go get it, you won't be disappointed one bit but remember that this is not for everyone so choose wisely :)..

I really like it, everything is really good..except the phone I got it from Amazon.com was unopened item..and I was the first user but when i use the phone, it keeps rebooting randomly without a reason so I keep losing what i write and i have to rewrite, which I didn't install any software or did anything in a phone..and when i contacted Nokia costumer service, they asked me to return it.and it was so disappointed because they didn't try even to fix it.and i found online that I wasn't the only one who has this problem.and no one can find a solution for it.just most of them are waiting for update software..over all, I think i will return it because i can't stand it this problem.

Overall nice design, style and quality materials were used.Physically, I wish the USB slot had a snap on cover like my Nokia C6 to prevent dust from getting in, nice feature to have but I guess Nokia saved some money by not including this "bell and whistle" feature. Physically the top row of the keyboard is better spaced than the Nokia C6 (see my C6 review under my ID: Kingmonkey), which is cramped at the top so when you type your finger touches the top slider portion, but here for the N900 there is more room so typing using the top row of the keyboard is more roomier. Physically again there is a lot of chatter of the N900 being a "brick" or bulkier and bigger than most smart cell phones. I don't think so, I think the extra heft denotes quality, I would say about 25% more heft than C6 (the C6 is "weighty" too but so is my Blackberry Bold 9000). It's only about an extra .25" thicker than the C6 and maybe .25" wider than C6 from left to right, held vertically. The photos of the N900 (C6 too) make it seem like they are big phones, I don't think so, I can hold them in my palm just like my Blackberry Bold 9000 and my Bold is actually wider than the N900. I think the N900 is a good size and is NOT a brick or the size of a brick, again it's SLIMMER than my Blackberry Bold 9000 when you compare them side by side by width, although being slimmer it is thicker than the Bold 9000 by less than an half an inch. Bottom line I don't like big phones and I do not think the N900 is a big phone. It is a relatively heftier phone but dimension wise (lxw) it fits comfortably in your hand although it may weigh down a bit in your shirt pocket or pant pocket (I carry mine in its case and keep it in my bag for the most part).The software operating system is Maemo based. As such, compared to the C6 Symbian op system, it is a little more complicated to master/familiarize yourself with, not as intuitive as my C6. It is a sophisticated system, screen icons are sophisticated looking too. Image wise the N900 leaves the C6 Symbian graphics in the dust.As for the software side, this is where the N900 may leave some frustrated and where most of the complaints are compared to the physical aesthetics of the N900 (people mostly complain about the size and weight of the N900 but as I said above,  it is surprisingly small when I first opened up the box). For my Google calendar I had the same issue as with the C6, You can use MS exchange and set up the Nokia calendar+contacts that way, but again it just populates the main calendar items (no info is populated for calendars you created such as bills, holiday calendars or whatever other Google calendars you customized your calendar with on your PC Google calendar account; it also populates all Gmail contacts which I don't want since I don't want everyone I email to be a my N900's personal "contact" list; I suppose there is an option to choose to populate contacts only, calendar only but I don't remember, pretty sure I saw something like that though. Anyway, deleted the calendar and contacts for the reasons stated once I tried using MS exchange to install Gmail, calendar, and contacts. Instead, like what I did for the C6, for the Google calendar I bookmarked the google mobile calendar and use this to access my calendar via the web on the N900. For contacts in the N900 phone book I enter them myself and personalize this way, linking a photo to each name if I want.Now as for linking Gmail,the details . . . what a hassle! (mind you I have an undergraduate AND graduate degree in economics, an MBA, work in finance (analytical work), and teach economics and statistics part time at a State University here in California and community college too so I have at least average intelligence and know my way around computers and all). Like I said above, I tried MS exchange option under settings and it did not work. I did also researched help forums online for ways people did it. Did not work for me after several attempts. I think I went to the email wizard set up and did it this way, after several attempts, wasted a few good hours, the whole afternoon pretty much troubleshooting how to link Gmail to my N900; finally got it to work, but it is slow in refreshing, every time you go to your inbox it refreshes and takes a few minutes. By the way, my C6 I decided to test email it, so I sent one out but it did not go out immediately, so I did another send mail and again I have 2 outgoing emails in my inbox for the C6, I noticed too that the inbox would not populate even though on my PC I see a new email (Gmail on my C6 was working earlier!); anyway decided to uninstall the gmail account on the Nokia C6 and reinstall, maybe there was a glitch, so when I tried to start fresh and install Gmail again on the C6 I can't get pass by the intial set up since when I click "Start" it would not go anywhere, I guess the network is down, will try again later. I tried at home and reinstalled gmail on the C6 and now can receive and send emails without the outbox holding the waiting to be sent email, it was almost instant...good. Anyway, back to the N900 . . .the next day the Google talk (preinstalled on the N900, did not have to use a 3rd party app to access Google Talk like I did on the C6, which I used "Nimbuzz") it was not connecting. I will need to troubleshoot why the Google Talk is not connecting on the N900 after I finish this review.In addition to the physical keyboard there is a virtual onscreen one, but you have to activate it first under Settings-->Text input and then check mark the box to enable it. Then when you type in the field entry box, for say, a text message, it pops up (the physical keyboard has to be closed for the virtual keyboard to show up)I am beginning to notice a theme with Nokia phones, C6 or N900, linking Gmail to it (email, calendar) is a pain and/or does not work well (Google this topic on the web using key words such as Linking Gmail to Nokia N900 and you'll see a lot of other people wasted a good day on the same thing--I started at 9am or so and it is now 4pm; skipped lunch too, and I just got Gmail set up and the desktop widgets all organized/customized with thoughts of returning the N900 during the frustration). Anyway for the N900 I got it set up and customized the home screens, for the home screen you have 4 screens, I customized with the following on each screen:Homescreen #1: Various ovi apps (since I need to quick access to download more apps when I have time)Homescreen #2:  Various tools such as calculator, calendar, phone settings, ovi mapHomescreen #3: Various bookmarked webpages such as cnbc, yahoo, google calendar (this is how I access my Google calendar: via web), Gmail as a backup in case the email client on N900 is not behaving; web globe icon for web/internet accessHomescreen #4: contacts, people I call most (it's cool in that if there is a photo linked to the contact you see that photo), also a voicemail button,; also have am sms icon, email access icon, I  need to find out how to add Google talk as an icon here for quick accessTo access each homescreen you just flick across the screen like you're flipping pages and the next screen shows left to right or right to left depending how you flick. By the way on web pages to magnify you move your finger in a circular motion clockwise and the opposite to make smaller again.Also the only way the screen will be in portrait mode (vertical) is on the phone use setting, otherwise, everything else you use the phone for, will be in landscape mode, which is disappointing, I'd wish the screen would flip to portrait and landscape for everything; if I remember correctly, my Nokia C6 flips back and forth from portrait to landscape for everything.Bottom line if you want an easy to use phone that is user friendly and intuitive to learn fairly fast (within 1-2 hours), 100% go with the Nokia C6 (which has voice assisted GPS guidance, and the N900 does not), I picked that up in an hour or two and got it all set up. The N900 is a "sports car" of a phone, a Ferrari that has transmission problems that is, takes more time to master the set up and screens, widgets and stuff. If you don't enjoy tinkering with gadgets (non techie type and just want a phone that works and easy to set up) the N900 is NOT for you. On the other hand, if you want to sacrifice some functionality/ease of use for looks, get the N900.

Nokia N900 Unlocked Phone/Mobile Computer with 3.5-Inch Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Maemo Browser, 32 GB--U.S. Version with Full WarrantyI ordered my Nokia N900 through Amazon and I am very satisfied with the on time delivery and the packaging. I selected two day shipping and they did a very good job of delivering on time.The N900 is what I thought it would be and so far it is living up to my lofty expectations. The display is fantastic and the operating system (Maemo) is very responsive and fast. The OS is very stable and so far the phone has not crashed once. Although it uses a resistive display the response is very good. It's probably the best resistive display i have used.It's actually easier to use than i thought and it doesn't take much getting used to. There a few quirks in this new OS and that's to be expected i guess. For example i'm not a fan of the More icon in the menu to expand to all the available applications. I think they could have just skipped that step.The media player is also very good. Sound quality and video playback is excellent. Again there is a small quirk in the media player in that it doesn't have a manual refresh setting. You have to wait till the N900 does it on it's own.Overall i love this phone and i'm very happy with my purchase!

I GOT THIS PHONE FOR MY HUSBAND ON CHRISTMAS AND LET ME TELL YOU. HE CAN'T PUT IT DOWN. SOME TIMES I THINK HE LOVES IT MORE THEN ME. HE HAS NOKIA N95 NOKIA N95 8GB NOKIA N96 NOKIA N97 NOKIA 5800. AND JUST TO HEAR HIM TALK ABOUT THIS NOKIA N900 SAYS IT ALL. HE ALWAYS HAD A POOR SIGNAL HERE AT HOME WITH ALL OF HIS PAST NOKIA PHONES. TWO BARS ON GOOD DAYS BUT MOST OF THE TIME HE WOULD GET JUST ONE BAR IF ANY. BUT WITH THIS N900 HE GETS THEM ALL. AND A STEADY SIGNAL THE WEB IS AWESOME THE KEY BOARD THE PHONE IS BEAUTIFUL. JUST TO HEAR HIM TALK MAKES ME FEEL LIKE GETTING ONE FOR ME VERY SOON. BUT ONE WARNING I GIVE YOU ALL."DON'T BUY IT FROM NOKIA" TRUST ME ON THAT. THEY HAVE A VERY BAD POLICY. I FIRST GOT IT FROM NOKIA USA STORE ON 11/30/2010 WRAPPED FOR CHRISTMAS ON 12/25/2009 CHRISTMAS DAY I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND. HE USED IT UNTIL 12/30/2009 FOUND IT TO BE DIFECTIVE SO CALLED NOKIA CARE THEY TOLD THAT IT WILL TAKE 30 T0 40 DAYS FOR A REPLACEMENT OR A REFUND. NOT THAT THEY ARE OUT OF STOCK THAT IS THERE POLICY. I SENT IT BACK ON 1/02/2010 AND STILL HAVE NOT GOT MY $622.00 FROM THEM EVERY TIME I CALL THEM THEY TELL ME THE SAME THING. "IT IS OUR POLICY" SO AFTER I SENT IT BACK I PURCHASE IT HERE AT AMAZON THE BEST PLACE TO SHOP. I ONLY GOT IT FROM THEM BECAUSE AMAZON WAS NOT GOING TO HAVE IT IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. BUT LET ME TELL YOU AMAZON TAKES GOOD CARE OF THERE CUSTOMERS. THEY ALWAYS STAND BEHIND THERE STUFF. AND CUSTOMERS TOO. THEY REPLACE EVERYTHING OR REFUND YOU FAST NO WAITTING FOREVER.

I love this phone. It is fantastic. It is a pity that Nokia have abandoned Maemo.Just installed the PR1.2 update and the device is going really well. The support and communication from Nokia is virtually non-existent.If you own it, check out [...] for community assistance and apps (forget the OVI store)It is a great mobile computer and you wont be disappointed by the features and abilities.Just don't expect too many Apple or Google style apps. (In saying that, the device is very capable and doesn't need the bulk of the apps that other smartphones require.)

I love it. It does almost everything I want. There are a few shortcomings though that make it non-perfect, but it is very close.1. Battery life: you get a day on a good day2. Ovi Maps: useless for navigation. I want TomTom on it! Will probably buy sygic when it is finally out.3. IM: Sometimes I need to reboot to get around "Network Errors" with MSN and AIM (not very linux like... I could probably figure out what I need to restart but haven't looked).

amazon is the great one online shopping store in the world it's very trusted online store thanks for help us to shopping your online stores

Well, I usually change phones every 6 months for a new model, not always the best in the market. I've had nokia, motorola, lg, siemens and others! The last one I had was the LG KP570 (Cookie) which was ok, but had a lot of issues (it is cheap)... Well, I don't like Blackberry phones, but I wanted a new touchscreen cell phone and one that really lasts, and I decide for this... and it was a GREAT choice!The N900 works just fine, has a nice amount of space to fill with music, pictures, videos and whatever you want. It has a great system that works really fast, even when you have many open windows. I love that, because it is like I use my computer.If you have the money and you want a cell phone to last a long time, buy this one, I'm sure you won't regret!

excellent phone, it has everything I want, wireless works great and you can have multiple windows open at the same time, very rigid design and wireless signal is usually better then any other phone I had, it seems to get a signal in areas where my previous phone had as a dead zone, easy to use, love it love it love it

one thing surprised me is that it is made in KOREAone of my friends got one set which is made in FINLAND

As a happy owner of the Nokia N810 Internet Tablet, I was excited to hear about the N900 announcement.  After months of waiting, and a week of actually playing with this device I can say the reviews were right: this is one incredible device.  And is not just a phone.  It quite literally is a mobile computer that fits in your pocket.The N900 feels solid and is very comfortable to use.  The hardware is amazing.  High quality and responsive touchscreen.  Great camera with high resolution and good colour.  The slideout keyboard is comfortable to type on, and the backlight illumination in low light is a great touch.Nokia working with the open source community has created a great software platform for the N900, Maemo5.  The UI is intuitive and fun to use.  The multiview makes multitasking on the N900 simple and fun.  This is the first cell, where you can fully experience the same web browsing you'd expect on a desktop or laptop.  The software is not sluggish unlike on current Android devices.  And Maemo is by far the freest and most usuable OS for a handheld device.I highly recommend the Nokia N900 to any mobile enthuasiast, developer or anyone else who wants to experience the future of mobile computing.

A real class act, better then the android in my opinion, even though the android might be more smooth and polished, this computer seems lot more useful for strange things that I do like playing music over my friends car radio.And I write more email now.

This device never worked, it did not boot up its freezing on the screen loading ball, I've tried hard reset and it still does not work.

I'm not a sophisticated cellphone user, I was content with the flip open type that allowed me to make calls on the go.  But my life changed, causing a need to access the internet on the road and I didn't want to carry a laptop around or purchase the new ipad, so after extensive review of the iphone, droids and the N900, I decided to purchase the Nokia N900.  I waited to write this review, because I wanted to be able to give an honest review after at least a few months of use.  I totally enjoy using this phone. The graphics are great. The pictures are OK for quick use, but I use a Nikon D90 to take treasured pictures with so I'm spoiled.  What I really like about the N900 is the web site "Ovi Suite", it allows me to enter all the contacts, music, pictures and events that I want to access, view or listen to on the go, it's really sweet. Plus, I was able to personalize the 3 screens with the icons I use the most and with the background I like.  It becomes a very personal item that will be safeguarded. OH, and the internet access speed is actually pretty good when your in a good cell bubble.

I'm pretty sure this is how Nokia describes this phone and its pretty accurate. It's a pocket computer. This phone makes other "smartphones" look like toys. It's like having a 32GB netbook in your pocket. Some reviews have commented that it's not user friendly, which I totally disagree with. If you have average computer literacy, then you'll do fine with this device.PROS:-Real multitasking, like 10 windows open at once if you want.-Fast performance.-Beautiful, slick, responsive GUI.-Stable OS.-32 GB built in. Can function as a hard disk when you plug it into a computer. I've store pretty much all my documents and presentations and can view them on the go. Also you have an 1.5 hours of high quality video recording capacity.-Beautiful, sharp screen.-Excellent QWERTY keyboard. Beats the pants off any on-screen keyboard.-Build. Feels like a professional device, not a consumer phone.-NO CONTRACT. If you have wi-fi at work and home then who needs the data/slavery plan? The up-front costs are more substantial for the n900 but you make it up by not enslaving yourself to an expensive contract.-Limited apps. Few good quality apps. No endless lists of stupid time-wasters like on the iphone.-Skype built in. Save money on calls also.-Stylus.CONS:-Battery. You need to charge the phone nightly. Not a biggie for me but it might be for you if you need to use to use it for several days in a row.-Size. There are smaller phones out there, but it's not huge or anything.-Camera (stills). Ultimately it's a cell phone camera. But if you're into photos then don't by a cell phone for it.If you do get the phone and want a data plan then you will have to go with T-Mo. Supposedly the 3G doesn't work with ATT. IPhone looks like a kid toy in comparison. Blackberries look like MS-DOS compared to Mac OSX compared to this thing. Compared to droid I think this has the better OS but android has more apps. If you want something different from the crowds and value your independence from US carrier shenanigans, then this phone is badass.----After a couple of weeks with the phone I would like add the following:This phone is badass. I have open office installed. I have google chrome installed--on my cellphone. I have an SNES and sega genesis emulators allowing for thousands of different games. It's like a little linux PC. In fact, debian linux runs on it like it would on a desktop/laptop. No other phone comes close. The 32 GB and built-in FM transmitter are quite awesome in their own right, as is the built-in seamless Skype support.You should probably learn a little bit of command line linux to unlock the full potential of this phone. I'm no linux buff. There's a great tutorial at [...] that's heavy on star trek and other nerd references--it's a little embarrassing. The language is very similar to command line MS-DOS but you will need to learn a new set of commands. However gaining access to the basic file directory gives you huge advantages and flexibility that you just cannot get on other phones. Again, you will need to possess moderate computer literacy to fully appreciate this device. Ultimately, you will be in control and not Apple or ATT or VZW or whatever.-----After a few months I would like to make a complete about-face. This phone is a nightmare. You put all this effort into it but nothing seems to work right. Okay so you can do all this geeky crap that you will never use, like install open office or game emulators. After a while, you realize that you're never going to use office on your phone, that you spent hours tinkering with it in the process, and that your battery is dead because intensive use of this device will literally drain the battery in 1-2 hours. AND YOU CAN'T SEND MMS for crying out loud. Microsoft exchange would work one day and stop another time. Sometimes it would work if a rebooted the phone. I felt like I was working with a Windows 95 PC! And Nokia has left this device for dead. You can't sync it with your PC or Mac because the nokia sync software looks like it was written by a 5 year old--really, it's almost a joke except that it's for real. Meego will never materialize. The rumored n9 was in fact just another symbian clunker. The Ovi store is a pathetic joke--Crazy birds is the showcase app and has been for like a year. GIMME A BREAK.STAY AWAY. Take your hard earned dollars and buy an iphone, which makes the N900 look like a prehistoric monkey. Or if the mention of iphone makes you angry, then buy yourself an unlocked android device.I just sold mine on ebay and got an iphone 4--best thing I ever did.

This Product is a Joke. I really dont know how the manufacturer Nokia can put this type of product on the market with it not having MMS capabilities.  This is also a costly product to not have that feature.

This phone is a big brick with all the features you can find in a phone but nothing works perfectly.Let me begin with the maps. The maps are very slow. Its not a true GPS as you need internet connection (either through GPS or Wifi) to find your location. The GPS position moves slowly when you are driving. You don't have the flexibility to click on any point in the map and add it as a via point. Sure you can add point A, point B, Point C in an order for the GPS to give you a route from Point A to Point B and then to Point C. But if you want to modify a route the GPS gives you good luck with that.Now coming to the Gyro sensor. Its not that great. Sure you can change the orientation of the phone and other stuff with the Gyro. But you can use the GPS and internet in vertical orientation. Also you don't have multi-touch (which is only available in a hand full of phones) but atleast Nokia should've given people the ability to zoom into anything and take it to any zoom percentage. However you could achieve this by pressing the Volume Up and Volume Down button. But its not intuitive.The touch screen can be called a touchscreen because that's what it is. However it is no where as responsive as an iphone, nexus one, droid, droid incredible or other great smartphones. You really have to touch the same place two or three times.Also when you click on text fields the onboard touch screen keyboard doesn't pop-up instantly. Now coming to the lock button. The lock button is at the bottom of the phone rather than top of the phone and so it can't be unlocked with one hand (how stupid is that design).Now coming to the app store it sucks big time. nothing compared to that of Android or Iphone. Anybody buying this phone for more than a 100 bucks is wasting their money on an out of date brick.

Good phone, touch screen is very responsive. Battery life is not that good but you should make some changes, like not use wifi or 3G for whole day, no vibration and if its just hour of calling on phone it may last for two days. Application are less but someone whol uses phone for just Web and calling it is wonderful phone

This phone is perfect for me.  It allows me to stay up to date with my friends and all the good stuff you'd expect from a phone but the real bonus for me is the customization it offers, processing power, and 32 gigs of memory right out the box and 12 gig upgrade is available.  As a budding game designer it allows me to show my 3d models, make concept art on the fly with the mypaint app (like a touch screen photoshop), doubles as a graphing calculator, keep notes handy, and listen to music.  The extra ram allows me to watch tutorial videos from [...] with no problem and still be able to work on my projects when needed.

This phone suits well for a paper weight and not a cell because of its enormous weight. Applications are not user friendly. Above all the phone was dead after using it for just one month.

This an awesome smartphone, it is reliable, unlocked, good price and the quality is great. I use a lot the video call feature with VOIP and works great

I received on time, with all its accessories, and I love the phone a bit heavy but never mind

This N900 phone is a best. This Nokia phone is a mobile computer. You can do everything on the phone.You can do skype and video calling on the n900 phone. This nokia phone is a laptop fit in your pocket.

This phone is truly amazing!! So many cool applications... and the interface is great,3-row keypad is really comfortable..That's all i can so, 'cause I had it only for 3 days before I lost it. :( Left it in a cab... SO STUPID!!! :(Well, the good thing is I'm getting the same one right now, so i guess it says something about it. :)

The Nokia N900 was just not up to par like I had imagined it'd be. I'm a cell phone fanatic and I had (key word, HAD) a strong dislike for iPod products and because of this I ventured away from the Iphone 3GS in order to purchase this phone, as I had heard that it was much better. Let's review the Pro's first since this will be a short list.Excellent cameraCan't go wrong with Karl Seiss optics, this one is a heavy-hitter in this phone and provides excellent resolution and crisp, clear pictures along with stunning visual.Music volume, speaker placement and overall sound experienceThere are two speakers on each side of the cell phone and provide very clear, crisp highs and warm mids for a great listening experience through all genres of music, but on top of that they have the 3.5mm jack for the headphones and they are also very high quality. The headphones issued are of good quality, very sturdy and powerful for their size.Build/ConstructionThe build of the cell phone is great, feels strong and well-constructed, and it's fairly difficult to drop upon exiting your vehicle because you always know where it's at. The downside of the weight of the phone is, well it's weight. It has it's advantages to the weight, such as the GRAND 32GB internal memory with optional 16GB increase.Now onto the Con's, which contain both cold hard facts about the phone as well as some minor annoyances.KeyboardAll right it doesn't count because I knew it was three rows before I purchased it but it could have been a LOT more functional, it misses a whole lot of keys and because of this means that many keys are only available on the on-screen keyboard, and there are also keys that are missing from there (search for the ~ and let me know if you find it)ResponsivenessThis is probably the biggest complaint I have on this phone. It does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING without lagging including the simplest functions. When surfing the internet with the internet stick, it will pretend to load the whole screen but actually it's only showing the image so if you begin surfing you may select something you didn't mean to. This can potentially be a huge problem.MultitaskingThe multitasking function is a staple of this phone, however if you're listening to music that better be all you're doing or else it will cause the music to skip loudly and abruptly, and it also slows down the phone so it actually DOESN'T multitask like it should.BrowserYou can use the N900 almost like a real computer, except for the fact that it isn't so that means there are certain things you can't do such as having multiple screens open at once and still remaining functionally acceptable. The phone boasts being able to accomplish many more things that other phones can't, but as of right now I haven't seen the N900 do anything that the iPhone 3GS hasn't accomplished (and better I should say) with smooth and rapid efficiency.ChargingThe ONLY charger that works with the phone is the original high efficiency charger that comes in the package, and since the battery life is less than optimal (we'll cover that shortly) it's tough to use your $400.00+ cell phone in places that a charge isn't readily available, such as on road trips or places without outlets.Battery LifeWith a smaller battery than it's older sibling (N97) but more funcionality you can imagine that you don't get too much life out of it, especially when you're spending all your time trying to navigate through the device in an attempt to circumnavigate the internet while listening to a couple of tunes, heaven forbid it actually works.App marketNavigating Maemo's open app platform is very cold and unfriendly, it describes nothing of the app's functionality and if you're not a techie or at least familiar with these terms you won't understand what the applications are about. It's also very depressing to look at in my opinion. There also are very few as it's still very new, and forget getting the majority of ones you could be familiar with if you're overseas, it won't happen.Small annoyances include when the phone is plugged into the charger, it's a cat and mouse game whether the phone even turns on or not, there is only one stylus so if you lose it you better have purchased another, the font for the phone is hideous, making the applications and funtions of the phone ACTUALLY function is a matter of how technologically sound you are because you've got to figure it all out yourself, and if something doesn't work (like a chat or internet protocol service) it doesn't tell you why. It merely states there has been an error or something along those lines. The stand is flimsy and watching movies? That's an entire beast of it's own.Good luck if you purchase it; but i'd most definitely recommend something else. Thanks for reading. :D

I have tried ovi map 3.0 and didnt work for me . Ovi 1 sucks !! and no google maps????i was so excited to get my n900 and use navigation ,internet , phone etc... but everything had some problem... it was woow and also disappinted. personelly i didnt love it and return my n900 ... its better to wait little longer and get something works in many way better....no google maps , no ovi 3.0 map (ovi 1.0 doesnt do anything just driving crazy ) , w/tmobile poor signal cant do anything (fort myers , florida)... is there fm transmitter ?? yes but doesnt transmit well... get a fm transmitter for $20 better than n900.... thick like computer and battery life is poor...  touchscreen is okay but still not comparable to iphone .... trying to return it and delete all the data but didnt have factory resetting... dont pay for something is not complete... there is more bad stuff about it ... you will see when you pay it and use it.i just returned my n900 and using n95 .. still happy :)

So far, so good with my n900- I can make Skype calls (I will be getting T-mobile's Pay As You Go, soon), browse the internet, take pretty good pictures (try it outside!) listen to music, watch movies, etc. I don't know how it stacks up against the other phones out there, but for me, the n900 saves me money- the built-in Skype app means I don't have to buy a lot of minutes, and I cancelled my Verizon plan. I took a star off because the user interface is not wonderful- I wish I could search the device better. But as a phone/mini laptop, I think it is great! I already feel the loss if I leave it at home.

I received the N900 today and have been playing with it for several hours. I find the form factor to be fine and like the heft. If feels solid in your hand. Others have done a good job of discussing the pros and cons of this device: it's got a great web browser, it's easy to zoom and enjoy the full web, the mail, calendar and contact apps work well together and the skype integration with the dialer is great. I haven't got into the media player or maps just yet and I'm not sure it will be around long enough for me to do so.There is one thing, in fact, that is really, really bad. I am running a Zimbra Server at work. With all my other phones I use activesync to update mail, contacts and calendars. I've successfully synced with an iPhone, Nexus One (everything but calendar), and the Droid. With the N900 however, exchange integration is very weird. Contacts and calendars work great, but the majority of the mail comes in blank. The header is there but there's no body to the messages and the from field says "no recipient". I did a search on the Maemo forums and others have reported the same behavior (some running Exchange server 2003 and 2007) so it doesn't appear to be strictly a Zimbra issue. I tried setting it up using IMAP which at least allowed me to read the whole message, but it was just too slow and I really have become accustomed to activesync.This phone was supposed to replace my jailbroken and unlocked iPhone as my primary business phone. I moved it to T-Mobile as I was dropping far too many calls on the "more bars in more places just not my places network". As it stands now, it won't. Unless I (or someone) can figure out a way to make the activesync work reliably, the phone will have to go back.Finally, there's been a bunch of discussion on whether Maemo will continue to be supported by Nokia. Just last week they announced an alliance with Intel and are combining the Maemo and Moblin Linux distros. They've named the new project Meego. So it appears that this may be the opening (and swan) song for Maemo. MeeGo now...

I've owned 4 Nokia smartphones & a couple of others. Right off the bat, it's a great phone that's fun to use, but I would suggest waiting a while before purchasing this phone. Very few apps available for it, the touchscreen is moody, it comes w/only 1 ringtone. In short, it was taken off the assembly line too soon, but it's remotely upgradable & has great potential.There's an exhaustive list of features. Itemizing them would take a while. Just know that it's packed & does more than most. The stand-outs: Mozilla web browser, 4 active desktops, touch screen & hardware QWERTY & stylus & handwriting recognition, FM transmitter, 32gb, build quality. Unfortunately, there aren't as many apps for Maemo as there are for Symbian or Apple. With only one major phone using Maemo, I'm not sure how many are coming.The N900 is a *very* solid phone. For a unit w/a sliding mechanism, it's built like a bank vault - no squeaks or rattles. Understated matte black, tightly fitted, bright screen. It's incredibly fun to use and the large screen is a winner.If you've never used a smartphone before, you'll probably be dazzled by the multi-tasking & configurability. If you've never had a high-end phone, you'll fall in love w/ the camera, video, web & the host of features. There's lots to love (Compare this to any other phone at gsmarena.) As a seasoned smartphone user, I'll itemize my cons below.To be fair, the N-Series models are made to have their own specialties. The N82 is the camera, hence the Xenon and editing. The N900 is all about the web and that it does exceptionally well. However, the browser does crash more often than any other smartphone I've used. Then again, it loads every page just as it would on a desktop, so the browser is doing more. (Again, not quite ready for production). The web and social networking is top of the line. Unlike Symbian phones, the N900 is very simple to configure.CALENDAR/ALARM: Unlike previous N-Series units, calendar alarms do not ring if the phone is off.PHOTO/VIDEO: The N900 has no photo editor, only a crop & flip program. It's a shame for a camera that shoots such quality videos. 5mp & Zeiss lens... but no editor? The N900 offers no video editor either. This is par for the course for iPhones and Blackberrys, but N-Series have always had video editing features. You can no longer cut/merge video and overlay text.KEYBOARD: The N900's wide keyboard makes it difficult to type quickly. As there are no spaces between the keys, serious attention must be paid when entering text. Entering numbers/symbols sometimes requires holding one key whilst typing the number. I'm actually able to enter text much faster on the N82, than with the N900s sprawling layout & jammed keys. In spite of numerous text entry mechanisms, entering text on the N900 is awkward. The virtual keyboard is actually better than the hardware keyboard, but requires greater attention. I wouldn't have guessed that a teachable T9 would be quicker than both QWERTYs.TOUCH SCREEN: Touch screens take getting used to & aren't as exacting as a cursor, but they're blingy. The slightest bit of uneven pressure, jerking or inconsistency in your swipe and you're opening an application. 90% of the time, you'll be using the stylus as even the smallest fingers will misfire. You have this large, heavy phone, making long strokes on the screen, sliding out a QWERTY or juggling strokes w/ a stylus. Yet, it feels more computer like & it's fun to use. The large screen is worth the bulk... the QWERTY, not so much.2nd CAMERA: The secondary camera does not work. Usually, these second lenses are used for video calls in parts of Europe. In The States, they can only be used for self photos or quick MMS vids of yourself. With the N900, it's simply window dressing. VERY disappointing, but I'm sure an update is on the way. Again, taken off the assembly line too soon.SAVING IMAGES & BLUETOOTH: When transferring photos to the phone via Bluetooth, there is no setting to allow automatic acceptance as there is w/ other N-Series. Additionally, images transferred to the N900 via Bluetooth, are saved in the document folder, sometimes the videos folder, rarely the images folder. Videos may appear in a camera folder. ...Who knows?OPERATION: You cannot back out of many applications. If you close a program in a file or program from the menu, you must start all over finding that spot. Annoying.The phone comes loaded with only one ringer, Nokia's, unless you add others. I just expect a phone of this price and caliber to have a working front camera and ringtones already, call me crazy.The camera flash is good, but this flagship's flash isn't on par w/ the older, cheaper N82's Xenon. Again, every phone has it's purpose. E-Series are for business, N-Series for multimedia - some camera, others Internet. Fair enough... but at this price?If a message comes in while using the device, a small bubble pops up w/ the person's name & first few words of message... then disappears. Nice touch.OVERALL: The N900 is features-packed, solid and quite fun to use. It's focus is being an Internet tablet... but one that comes w/ a high end camera. To this end, it surely delivers. For the price, however, I expected the N900 to include photo/video editing software, working front camera & document *editor*. If you want a features-packed, high end phone w/a better hardware QWERTY & a touch screen, check out HTC's. However, Nokia's smartphones are the only ones (to my knowledge) that don't require monthly PDA fees of $25 to access the net (like BlackBerry, Palm, Apple do). So, the N900 paired with T-Mobile's flat fee for Internet usage means you can have unlimited Internet for only $7 extra per month. Everything is a trade-off.iPHONE: The iPhone 3Gs isn't really in the same league as this phone. First off, the iPhone is *not* a smartphone because you cannot multi-task. N-Series allow my music to play whilst I browse/edit photos, calendar, etc. This is what the N900 offers that the iPhone 3Gs does not: 5 megapixels to iPhone's 3, dual flash to iPhones no flash, FM radio, FM transmitter (so you can play you music in your car wirelessly even if it doesn't have Bluetooth), takes a 16gb memory card, plays DivX videos, PDF viewer, Flash 9.4, hardware QWERTY, stylus... Get the picture?If the web is the most important thing to you... you really want a large screen... you prefer QWERTYs... want a great camera/video recorder... you leave a lot of applications open & need lots of memory... and you don't wish to be saddled w/ $25 Apple/BlackBery/HTC/Palm fees - the N900 is for you... but I'd wait a few months for more apps and upgrades.

The N900 is a fantastic phone, true mobile computing without the packaged, unchangable feel of Andriod or iOS.  The problem here is Nokia.  I bought my N900 13 months ago and the GSM radio just quit.  I know the phone is out of warranty so I will have to pay to have it fixed but Nokia refuses even that, according to the Tech Support Manager I talked to there is no way they will work on a phone once it is out of warranty and if I want it fixed it will cost me the price of replacing it.  I am never buying another Nokia device again.

Its Amazing Phone!! Incredible FM transistor... you dont need a Ipod.. you have one with this phone...

Bought for my husband for a gift as he read all the rave reviews about it but he didn't like it at all and it had some problem with it. He sent it back and now has the Iphone.

This is the most spectacular cellular that money can buy at this momement. I am still learning all the options and possibilitie that it offers. If you are looking for a sophisticated cellular phone this is the one. I was a little bit reluctan of getting an smartphone since all the BlackBerries and iPhones have memory problems and you have to "re-boot" them all the time, but this N 900 with the new operational system by Maemo does not have that problem.

The problem is the seller did not advertise sincerely which the model year produced. It was out of date and very different from current products in market (Current product is thin and includes multi-functions). The letter displays on the screen was very small and can't see well. Battery is frequently needs to be charged and it has to pay enough time. I could not find suitable phone case due to it was very thick including typing pad. I do not see bluetooth program in setting portal. The seller's return policy is only one week after purchase and it was very short time and not mention clearly what the purchase date (after it has sent or received in my hand). Using this advantage and the seller rejected my request to return after I purchased one week more (in two weeks). I never recommend this seller's product to customer because I felt it was unfair business deal to Amazon's customer and I really did not satisfy on product.

I just received my phone today from Dell, and all I have to say is I'm amazed how beautiful this phone is. My N97 will be going on Ebay tonight for sure:)Here is my review about this phone so far:It is the first of its kind internet tablet offered by the biggest name in the Mobile industry, Nokia. This phone runs on the powerful Linux based operating system, Nokia's Maemo version 5.0. This significant alteration in the operating system makes it different from the rest of Nokia's phones based on Symbian OS. This handset comes with the complete package of Maemo internet browser. You can easily access Mozilla browser engine at any time and any place. The Nokia N900 also features Adobe Flash 9.4. The striking advantage of this cell phone is its provision to drag and drop numerous desktop widgets. You can further build multiple desktop set up templates with the help of this cell phone.This cell phone is equipped with one of the most exciting features. TAP! Yes, if you tap for a longer period, you can gain access to windows, documents, call logs and other tab based functions. It is loaded with an animated menu interface. This makes your navigation task joyful. Further, its intuitive interface allows you to multi-task within a brim of few seconds. You would find most of the web based utilities pre-installed in this cell phone. Some of the utilities are Twitter, Facebook, OVI etc. It has an inbuilt Web 2.0 network, Webmail Inbox. Let's just say, this phone is loaded with all the essential features required to make it a good replacement for your notepad.What's more? This cell phone has a sliding QWERTY keyboard which opens on the side. It offers you a resistive touch screen with a high resolution of 800X480 pixels. This device also features a camera of 5 megapixels. The camera is further upgraded with an add-on feature of F2.8 lens. These features allow you to click crystal clear and vibrant pictures. This cell phone comes with micro SD card slot. This slot has the storage capacity of 32 GB. The total memory space of this power packed cell phone is 64 GB.This cell phone has an excellent display resolution of 800 X480 pixels. It features a wide screen of 3.5 inches to make your video and picture viewing experience par excellence. It is loaded with PowerVR SGX in a combination with OpenGL ES 2.0 3D accelerator engine. This feature works wonder at rendering high end graphics and graphical presentations. This cell phone is loaded with a plethora of features to enhance its connectivity. Some of these features include High speed 3G, WLAN, HSDPA and Wi-Fi. In addition it is loaded with varied features to enable a prompt internet connection. Features like Regular WCDMA, GPRS, EDGE and WAP ensure powerful internet connection in this cell phone. The inbuilt GPS system is integrated with OVI Maps technology. Further, it also offers you Geo tagging features that help you enable a better understanding of near and remote areas. It sports a wide range of entertainment features like Stereo based FM, stereo loudspeaker, music player, video player, Mp4 player etc. This handset supports the majority of media files like Flash, Mp3, MPEG, Mp4, FLV, RM, etc.Anyways, If you are not sure about this phone yet. I will say buy it, you will not be disappointed!

It is a great device, if you want a tablet computer.  The keyboard is awesome, you can listen to FM radio, the Skype integration is impressive, and as a geek, I loved that the phone essentially runs a variant of Debian (called Maemo).You need to be a geek/nerd to fully appreciate this thing, you need to be ok with software that isn't 100% ready for prime-time. You should not expect perfection.  Email support is good, MS Exchange support is mediocre (no support for provisioning).  It supports Flash, which is awesome, and it worked beautifully as a modem when I tethered it via USB to my MacBook Pro.As a phone, it wasn't so hot.  Contacts didn't show on my car's hands-free system.  Sometimes with the car system, the phone would think to use Bluetooth for the voice, yet the Bluetooth system wasn't aware of the call.  This same Bluetooth system worked fine with my old Nokia N95, N97, T-Mobile G1, and my new Nexus One.  Yes, I returned the N900 for a Nexus One, and I wondered why I just didn't get the Nexus One from the beginning.  For me, I use Google everything- GMail, Voice, IM, etc, and the Nexus One is the best fit for me.  I still use my old Nokia N810 though.

Day 1: Got my N900 today. Have been playing around for a couple of hours now. Satisfied with the features so far. Not happy about the weight, this phone is pretty heavy. Will see how it works in the next few weeks. I will update my review later.Day 2: Okay,the phone itself is amazing. But... battery life sucks! Currently running some tests to see if it improves battery life. Otherwise, I get only 10-12 hours of battery life, which is very disappointing.Day 5: Lowered the brightness, switched off bluetooth, switched from 3G to 2G (GSM) mode, wi-fi is off when not in use. I get more than 24 hours out of my phone.Overall, satisfied with everything, except for the weight. Wish it was a little smaller/lighter.

i received this phone last week and since then i have been playing at my max capacity with it, this phone is absolutely outstanding! is a beast! the nokia n900 is not comparable with other phone in the market. I'm a heavy mobile phone user and i had fully tested and owned for several weeks the palm pre, the iphone 3gs, and the motorola droid and none of those mobiles are comparable to the nokia n900.now depending what you are looking for this is my recommendation:a) if you want free for life GPS turn by turn you should buy an android phone or a motorola droid, android phones have a cool user interface but is very limited and have a lot of constraints.b) if your thing is to download useful and a lot of junk apps you should buy an iphone. the multi touch in this phone is awesome, and the responsiveness of the screen is superb and the phone is very fast.c) if you want to have a nice user interface in your phone and have a slick design in your pocket you should buy the palm pre the web os is very nice and the responsiveness and speed is equal as the iphone.d) if you want to have the top notch web browser ever, want everything slick, multitasking, have full flash in your web pages and all the above mentioned you should buy  the n900. the speed, the storage capacity, the screen resolution, the physical keyboard is Fu..ing Great!, the screen is resistive and feels like you are touching a capacitive like the iphone, is absolutely awesome.also the 5 mega pixel camera is very cool, the contacts management is by far the greatest i ever seen in a device, you can manage to do anything with your contact AT THE SAME TIME, i mean, you can Google chat with him, Skype call, normal call, email him at the same time.so far 90% of the user interface works only in landscape mode, and for me is better that way, also that is why the palm pre have the biggest flaw, because only works in portrait mode except for the web browser.All the new top devices are switching from portrait to landscape, like the motorola droid, HTC, the latest Samsung and LG devices, the sonny Ericsson xperias and even the iphone had to switch for the keyboard landscape and lots of applications. portrait mode is in the pasts and only works well in contacts or dialing a number.The tv interaction with the n900 is gorgeous, you can search on youtube.com so can see what is like.so far for me this is the best device with huge potential and excellent web browsing experience i ever seen. it is way better than anything in the market right now.

The N900 is a good phone, and quite a nice break from all the other phones on market with copied UIs all over the place. But how long will the refreshing after taste last, only time will tell.The performance and UI is impressive, but here are a few glitches with the device you should know before you buy:1. Battery life looks horrible, esp. if you keep WiFi turned on. Will update if it improves as it acures with usage.2. If you plug-in the head-set (provided), typing with your right hand becomes uncomfortable.3. The first row of keys on top should have had more space above. Limits your finger movement.4. There should have been a shift key on the right side too. May have to pause if you have to type upper case 'Q', 'Z' etc.But, inspite of all of the above, the N900 is still a great product.Plus, for me, the greatest puller is that the specs are open as is the OS. Future OS upgrade to MeeGO is possible (without Nokia support that is). Compare that to  Android phones where you have to wait for the manufacturer to release an update (unless you have a Dev phone).Looks like the prices have been slashed by $50, a week since I bought it :(

It is indeed a mobile computer that can also function as a cell phone. It is very powerful mobile machine that runs on Maemo Linux (think opensource). If you like freedom to do *whatever* you want (instead of carrier/maker dictating you), this is the gadget for you. It is already unbranded and unlocked. Unlocked simply means you can use SIM card from a different carrier but unbranded means you have the most freedom on your device. So why would you want to have Nokia N900?- Storage capacity. A massive 32GB flash memory built-in AND you can add a memory card, making it 48GB.- Multitasking. There is no other match for multitasking on the N900. 4 desktop views, background tasks.- Full html web browsing with ADOBE FLASH support. Yes, flash is available on N900, long before Androids, and it's something iUsers will not have anytime soon.- Plug-n-play. What's that? It basically means you can use the device (transfer files, re-charge etc) on ANY computer WITHOUT using any special/vendor software. You just plug in and it works.- Multimedia support. You don't need to "convert" first, then transfer to your device. N900 supports most of the widely used codecs. You can just download and dump files on N900 and it will play without "converting" first. And there's also FM radio built in. It also comes with video cable to view images/videso on your TV from N900.For hardcore geeks:- Install .deb packages- Write scripts- VNC server- IR built inMy only complaint - For such a powerful gadget, why didn't Nokia put a more powerful battery? The E-series from Nokia have excellent batteries.Give it a try and you won't regret it. It's true that N900 does not have 2 million worthless "apps". But it has some great open source tools that truly makes it a device for advanced users who prefers to stand out from the iSheep crowds.Here are some helpful links:Image Gallery - [...]Full technical specs - [...]

as I write this on the N900 I have a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. connection speed is the best I have ever had and camera is great but the brand new stylus put three scratches at mid lower right. I would blame myself if I did something to cause it but all I did was use the stylus. paying over 500.00 for a device like this you expect a higher quality screen. taken again...Update: I contacted Amazon about the screen and without hesitation they sent me a replacement. needless to say I bought a screen protector, the phone is great. It is not an android but it is more than an android. it does all that you want to do with a device that it is. you have the freedom to use it the way you want to use it. The screen still could be of a higher quality and I hope that I still get updates to the OS now that Maemo and Moblin have merged.

First of all, I should start out by saying that I am a software developer, and all of my personal computers run linux. I wanted a phone that matches my status as a total geek, and the N900 is exactly that. It runs ARM Debian as the operating system, making it simple to program applications for. Unlike Android, which just uses the linux kernel, the N900 can run a full linux desktop with any program you can imagine! Firefox, GIMP, and, hey, I've even used Eclipse on it (although I wouldn't recommend it; the processor just isn't fast enough, but it's still a fun proof of concept). That, plus the built in FM transmitter, IR blaster, and (of course) GPS, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi makes this phone a techie's dream phone.But, even if you aren't an absolute nerd, I would STILL recommend getting this phone. The user interface is the best I've ever seen (and I work with a lot of cell phones). Everything seems well integrated; for example, instead of using a "Facebook App", you take a picture, then click "Share via Facebook", and instead of a "Skype App", you click a contact and select "Call via Skype". Speaking of Skype, this phone has a front camera that can be used for Skype video calls (and not just on Wi-Fi).The only downside is the form factor; this phone is slightly thicker than I would like it to be (but it also feels more durable with that). Definitely has crime-deterrent (if you know what I mean), but that's not even such a big deal when you consider what this phone offers.Also, for better or worse, the phone has a physical slide-out keyboard. I came from a phone using an on-screen keyboard (with Swype), so I found that typing is noticeably slower (although, the word completion helps to alleviate that). Another advantage of this is the ability to type at any time; for example, if you start typing letters at the home screen you start a contact search, and if you start typing numbers at the home screen you start dialing those numbers. Also, in most applications, Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V works as copy and paste, and Ctrl-A works as select all. These shortcuts work even in places you would least expect them to, for example, Ctrl-A will select all of your Emails in the Email app.Overall, I'm definitely satisfied with the phone, and I don't hesitate to give it five stars.

I now finally have a true Computer Mobile Phone. I can navigate in internet and see the web pages with flash. You can feel a true multitasking environment. It's an excellent Mobile.

I am out of adjectives to describe this phone, its awesome personified. I will not be bragging if I said their is no other device in its category even close to this. Flawless hardware and software. I was a lil reluctant on the size but once I received it and held it in my hands its as thick as an Iphone with a hard case protector. I hope this is the beginning of the great market changing phones Nokia had produced in the past and the refine their designs even more.Presently Ovi maps navigation is not available for N900 but Nokia has announced that it will be available for free for this device very soon. Also, though their are not many applications on Ovi yet for N900 but the list is growing rapidly.

EL NOKIA N900 ES UN TELEFONO EXCELENTE CON UN SOFTWARE FACIL DE MANEJAR. Sin duda, uno de los puntos fuertes del terminal es su c&aacute;mara de fotos, la c&aacute;mara de 5 mpx del N900 con autofocus y un mont&oacute;n de opciones para compartir se destaca bastante gracias al procesador que hace que nunca se caiga cuando estamos por tomar una.El Nokia N900 es capaz de reproducir en tama&ntilde;o completo videos Divx/xVid sin necesidad de conversi&oacute;n alguna.Ahora la mensajer&iacute;a es una experiencia mucho m&aacute;s integrada con SMS y IM combinados para que puedas seguir m&aacute;s f&aacute;cilmente las conversaciones m&aacute;s que el mensaje en s&iacute; mismo.Gracias a la completa conectividad Nokia N900 y a las muchas funciones que incorpora,  puede convertirse en un sustituto de los ordenadores port&aacute;tiles para los ejecutivos muy viajeros. Un equipo que permite llevar la oficina en el bolsillo (siempre que no tengamos que realizar tareas largas o complejas).Lo malo del telefono, la bateria que con poco uso del mismo (algunas llamadas y mensajes)tiene una duraci&oacute;n de menos de 12 horas. As&iacute;, que se pueden imaginar lo que dura cuando usamos realmente el tel&eacute;fono con otras aplicaciones....

The N900 is a fantastic device. If you know what you want to do with it then there's almost no other smartphone that lets you do as many things as the N900. This is especially true if you can make use of the fact that the N900 is almost a Linux machine with full network and phone capacity. Here are some tips for using it:1.The Amazon price has climbed up quite a bit. If you happen to travel to Hong Kong, I think you can still get one there for something like $200. They are also available at the same price on taobao, but few sellers there ship internationally.The Hong Kong version is identical to the US version except it has the FM transmitter disabled (you can use the GPS in US). You can reenable it by installing a hack but the signal is very weak, not usable. Fm transmitter isn't really useful for me anyway.At $200 this thing is pretty much a steal. Comparable to the HP touchpad on firesale.2.Use the custom kernel and underclock if not overclock your CPU. Also, install wifi switch, bluetooth switch and autodisconnect. The N900 can last much longer.3.Buy backup batteries and battery chargers. They are very cheap.4.Install opera mobile. It's more usable than MicroB and faster with preloading.5.Xchat is a little unstable for me, but Irssi works perfectly. Love it and use it everyday.6.The charger is actually quite safe for the USB port, but be careful with the USB cable.

I gotta saw this is in fact the best phone out there at the moment, my first one was stolen and I jus had to get another one immediately, thats how great this phone truly is, to all out their that own a Nokia n900 please take care and don't ever be like me and leave your device carelessly, keep it safe and secure with you always.

amazon say on their description that this phone supports videocall in 3g network WRONGGGG i cant do a videocall or send MMS how can nokia created and almost perfect cellphone without MMS? I'm returning this itel

I am very satisfied with Noka N900. Mainly because:+ I can download and use tons of free applications from web page maemo.org+ Possibility to install easy Debian. So you can run apps like Gimp, Open Office etc.+ Easy Debian will come out with GUI and command prompt.+ Possibility to install PHP, MySQL & Apache server ;-)+ Ovi Maps - GPS-A+ It has great 5MP camera, 32 GB of memory and great screen resolution, performance+ Phone comes out with TV-OUT cable+ Price!I dont like:- Battery life- SizeGray zone:+/-Resistive screen

I bought this one from [...]. The touch screen is not that responsive. The programs are freezing very often. No sensible apps at all.Hold buying this device. Its UI design is wierd. No search function for your apps downloaded/installed.Surprized to see so hyped reviews about this device and regret buying it after reading those reviews...

I have waited a couple of months to write this review because I have never had a "smartphone" before (although with all of my trouble I am not sure that this is any type of "smartphone" at all) and I wanted to be sure that the phone was going to work and that any problems were not just because I did not know how to use the phone. It seemed to work ok at first although almost every photo taken with the flash looked overexposed for some reason. Then about a month ago the problems started, and it has been non-stop frustration and regret for buying this thing since then.Suddenly, whenever I would receive a text message, the notification light would come on and the "message received" tone would sound, but whenever I tried to check the message, it was nowhere to be found. People were sending me text messages but they would just disappear (the messages, not the people). At first I could still send messages but within a couple of days, that would no longer work either. Then I could no longer sign into Skype, although my user name and password for Skype still worked fine on my desktop and laptop.Since I could no longer use 2 of the most important functions on my phone, I emailed Nokia with my problems. I received the auto-reply saying that they had received my email but it took more than one week for them to respond and when they did, they just called me on my cell phone number. By that time I had given up on them and gone to the Nokia support forum, where I found some help (none of it supplied by Nokia but rather some helpful posters), although it was a bit difficult to follow as it involved opening an "X Terminal" on the phone and inputting some computer programming language.Just when I thought I had it all working again, it went back to no longer receiving messages, or being able to receive messages, or to being able to sign into Skype, so the very nice guy that was trying to help me on the forum recommended (not an employee of Nokia, by the way) that I "reflash" the device, which is basically like doing a complete Windows re-install on your computer. I also contacted Nokia again through their customer support, but it has been almost 2 weeks and all that I have received from them was the initial auto-reply letting me know that they had received my email: "Thank you for contacting Nokia Care Contact Center. Your inquiry is very important to us, and one of our product specialists will be responding to you shortly. Nokia has a commitment to customer service, and we strive to respond to inquiries within 24-48 hours." Thanks for nothing but the meaningless words, Nokia.I had to again input computer programming language on the "X Terminal" of the phone and had to try several different methods that I found on different sections of the Nokia support forum (none of them offered up by Nokia itself, by the way) before finally getting it to work again. It has only been one day but it seems to be working fine now, but many times and for a few weeks I was ready to send this phone back to Nokia since they seem unwilling to help no matter how many times I have contacted them. I have spent several hours trying to get this "smartphone" to work properly - I didn't spend almost $500 on a mobile computer/phone just so that I could learn computer programming skills to keep it working properly. Furthermore, it has been 3 months since I sent in the $50 rebate form to Nokia and I still have not received it! Buy this "smartphone" only if you enjoy trying to figure out the proper computer programming to get it to work again, or if you would like to spend $500 on a paperweight. Try checking out the posts on Nokia's support forum if you think that I have exaggerated my problems - there are hundreds if not thousands of posts complaining of problems with the N900.Pros: Nice-looking phone, camera takes good pictures at times (but not with the flash), Skype-enabled (when it works), no problems accessing Wi-Fi (other than signing into Skype)Cons: Phone is heavy, short battery life, software has far too many problems, no help at all from Nokia, flash pictures look terrible, contacts too hard to edit (it seems to not be possible to change a contact's phone numbers without creating an entirely new contact, but I'll have to check this on the forum. It's certainly not easy to do in any case), does not keep songs in their folders but scatters them around, making it difficult to playback particular songs/cdsBottom line: I wish that I had waited and bought an Android or Google phone instead.

Its a great phone, great reception, good camera. Haven't use all the functions yet, but its my first time con MAEMO and i can see its very stable, friendly. VERY RECOMMENDED.

I love this device to bits (pun!).This is not a smartphone, as folks noted - it's a mobile computer with the phone functionality added on top. Exactly what I wanted, though. I am not a power user - I touched Linux with varying sucess at school - but I am a developer, so I love the geekness of this phone (and I say this with full pride in being a geek). I also possess the ability to read, so in case stuff goes wrong when I install too many beta-stage apps, I think I can always reset everything to fix it :DGot it two days ago, got through the OS update with no problems, and I am on my merry way customizing the living daylights out of it.The biggest plus: no vampiric contract with the US mobile providers. I don't even need a data plan, since this beauty runs on WiFi at home and at work, and that's all I need.My significant other got iPhone4 on the same day, and we engaged in a little competition. Here's the results so far:Verdict: n900 is ONE YEAR OLD, which is FOREVER in smartphone years, and I don't really care for the iPhone that much now that I have this.Details:- n900 is customizable like crazy, iPhone isn't even near; the FOUR DESKTOPS are a thing of beauty and make my little heart sing (n900 wins hands down)- the screen on the Nokia is beautiful, but on the iPhone it's like you're holding the screen, not a bulky device behind it - impressive; (tie)- the iPhone4 is heavier, LOL (or about the same, I didn't check; twice as thin but doesn't feel lighter, which is a surprise)- ovi maps sucks; I wanted to find a doctor's office nearby, and the iPhone4 does this in a few taps, and also lets you call the office; I have yet to find a way/app to do this on the Nokia; currently testing out a few apps for navigation, so far no dice; would appreciate some help from you folks who already did this (iPhone wins)- the sheer number of apps, if someone wants them all, but I don't really care [see? not a smartphone person, me] (iPhone wins, no contest)- integration with e-mail, calendar, tasks, etc - Nokia has everything I need, and I can customize stuff easily (tie)- making phone calls! - SKYPE OUT OF THE BOX (n900 ftw)- contacts: I don't know what iPhone has, but Nokia has "merge contact", which allows you to get contacts from your old phone, your skype, your mailbox, etc. and merge duplicates in two clicks; VERY useful; and then you have an aggregated view of the various ways you can contact your contact :D (n900 ftw)- touchscreen - iPhone is just magic, but considering that the touchscreen on the n900 is resistive (!), it's brilliantly executed; there are some problems with tapping in incorrect places, and the lag doesn't help, so iPhone wins on that one, but hey, n900 has kinetic scrolling! So in general, modulo a few little annoyances here and there, I am pleasantly surprised and quite happy with the touchscreen on the n900- usability - don't know about the iPhone (probably pretty cool), but I love how things on the Nokia are standardized - the odd menu you might be seeing in the videos is actually pretty damn intuitive and very satisfying to use (I guess it's a tie, but the flow of the menu on n900 is really lovely, and the moving between apps rocks)- multitasking! - n900 is brilliant; there is some lag sometimes, but I am doing a lot of stuff at once, so it's forgiven (iPhone, I hear, now also has it, but given that this Nokia is 1 YEAR OLDER, which is forever in phone terms, n900 wins :)- sometimes apps don't install or say they didn't install while they actualy did (iPhone is probably better), but it's a quirk, I don't care- the charge holds for a day of playing around with it (don't know about the iPhone)I could go on, but summarizing, I don't regret one bit I bought this phone (also vs the iPhone4), and this is probably the first time I don't have buyer's guilt over something which is pretty expensive. So that says a lot.Hope it doesn't break. (Bought the Otter case, and it's very good.)

After more than a year after its release, this mobile phone is kept very powerful compared to many other models that were launched since then.Easy to use, easy to keep connected with social networking, easy to share files, and have a unbeliveble multitask performance.There are problems too, the batery life, the device is so big in your pocket, recharge cable and headphone plug is in incovenient place when you need to use the keyboard.But no matter, all the features that this mobile have, can compensate all this.

This device is amazing! I just purchased it last week and so far i am in love with this phone

I have had this phone for over a year and had to write a review because i am still in love with this phone and wouldn't trade it for any other smart phone out there. The QWERTY keyboard and touch screen capabilities allow one to seamless open different applications. It streams online radio seamlessly and it is the ultimate multi-tasker gadget. My only problem is that is does not support SIM applications since it lacks the SIM application toolkit which can be frustrating when using the phone in countries where these applications are a necessity. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars. That said, it is a great phone.

I have been waiting for Nokia n900 for a long time. Since this mobile has flash support, it will help to open the websites like last.fm and others which will allow us to listen to latest songs online. And the features are also better than iPhone and others since Nokia supports multitasking. I hope the horizontal mode for most of the applications will not be limited with the firmware upgrade in future.

the cellphone is not complety done by nokia is like is 50% completed

A late review, but when I bought this, it was outstanding. Features are way too numerous to name, and the multi-tasking ability was like no other. The full slide out keyboard was great too.Unfortunately this was a first and last for this software, and when my software crashed I thought it might be more cost effective to use the phone as a paper weight.

I bought a N900. Part of the advertisement showed OVI support. When the phone came, the links to the OVI store said "Coming Soon", but multiple trips back never had any updates. THe battery life is about 10 hours, if you have everything turned off except the phone. Any browsing or video playback reduces the playback time to only a few hours. If you pair the phone with bluetooth, the device will only last &lt; 5 hours. WHen I tried to exchange this phone for an E series, Nokia refused to take it back since it wasn't defective. My appeal to claim a phone with 4 hour battery life is defective, fell on deaf ears, as well as my repeated emails to customer service.

Enough said about this device so I'll try to save you from another detailed review. I never used IOS or Android for more than just playing at the store so cannot really compare to them but N900/Maemo5 is a joy to use coming from a non-touch-screen S60 phone. I find it intuitive and very responsive. The touch-screen works just fine around the phone interface despite being resistive, there is an occasional hiccup or two in the browser but not too bad, I can live with that. The Skype/IM integration is truly amazing. Camera is great and so is the instant picture sharing through Flikr and Facebook out of the box. I actually expected this phone to be difficult to use after reading many negative reviews but it turned out not to be the case. Yes, app support is lagging if that's what you're after, but there is enough supply to make this device even more powerful than it is out of the box. Despite running on the last year's hardware I think this is still one of the best phones on the market if you need a little more of a computer out of your phone, and with the recent price drops it is the best value as well considering it comes with 32Gb of storage (expandable to at least 48) and no expensive contract to sign. It is a somewhat thick, but A a full QWERTY keyboard (love it) is a reasonable excuse for that. If you're on the market for a functional smart phone and impressing your friends with the latest gadget is not very high on your priority list get one for yourself while they last, however don't expect 3G speeds on AT&T. 4 stars for some roughness around edges (read other reviews for details).

My phone still in warranty time. I could not charge my phone, and the charger still work ( I know because I check with different device). I sent it to warranty service and they sent back to me without repaired. They did not give me any reason or information why it cant be repaired. they just said :1. The estimated repair cost was not authorized.>>> (it has warranty)2. The repair center received no response to the repair quote estimate.3. The device was not made by Nokia or we do not have repair capabilities for that model since it was not distributed by Nokia in this country. >>>> ( I bought from amazone and was sold by nokia)4. The device had a physical or liquid damage. >>> ( never)Morethan that, when you use this phone around half year, it not really good about power.The maemo system good but for some reason it not really good, just for a kid playing.

I was so excited to buy this awesome European phone! A upgrade from my N73! It has so much cool STUFF! Sadly within a month it started locking up for no reason, and having a lot of trouble turning back on. After a few months it ALWAYS restarts at the worst possible times. Never dropped, never wet, just bad out of the box. I'm coming up on 1 year with it, and it's still kicking...barely. I would have sent it in for repair awhile ago, but I've been overseas with the Navy for 5 years now...I had it sent to my dads house, and picked it up while I was on leave. I hate to get rid of it because I spent SO much on it, so I plan to try to send it in for repair one of these days if it doesn't cost much.  Awell, I still like Nokia.

Phone was great for the 2 days I had it, and I had just read an article about T-Mo rolling out their 7Mb and 21Mb networks in Philly, when I went to charge the 900 for the second time.  It turned out that the metal part of the micro-USB receptacle had come apart in the seam, and eventually came off of the circuit board completely.  I wound up taking it apart to see if I could re-solder, but one side was obstructed by chipset/housing.  No part of the casing or phone's internals to help support the USB port and its only held in by (4) very small soldering points and (2) slightly larger "epoxy?" points. Phone being RMA'd (luckily) by vendor.  This after 2 years of no issues with microUSB, and bulky miniUSB-to-microUSB adapter, on my Moto Q.That said, I like this phone for many of the reasons already stated.  One other feature which may not have been mentioned, is that you can dial back the power consumption of the WiFi radio.  I just came from the "DROID" and posted my thoughts here:[...]As mentioned, the calendar was limited in options for setting up "recurring events" however I was able to sync my Outlook calendar from my PC, which manages my Comcast POP3 account, via the Nokia PC sync software.  Phone seemed really stable, but again, not very many apps available to mess it up (a la the DROID).  I'm not sure why someone said there are no "Notifications", there are multi-colored LEDs and "pop-ups" for the respective notifications...though it would be nice to have something persistent in the "status" bar by the "clock".Having "highlight-to-copy-and-paste" is really easy (just press and hold), along with a mouse pointer, are great features.  Its also great to have Flash support, and I though I'd finally be able to listen to XM Radio via my online account.  While the web pages render quickly and properly, the media player itself is not compatible, and the only thing which does not render properly.  I'm not sure if there is a workaround for that, and wonder if it will be a recurring issue on other sites.  I just wish there was a search app comparable to that of Windows' "Live Search"...didn't have time to search for alternatives, or if "Live Search" would run on 900.Overall, having the N900 feels like having a Ferrari F430 Competition, but they only installed 1st gear.  "For me", all the basics are handled, and handled fairly well, but given the lack of apps (specifically Sling or Hava Player, and LED flashlight) and my inability go get Vonage account working with the native SIP client, I'm in the waiting game like many others.  Outside of that, I just wish call volume were at least 50% higher for both earpiece and speaker.  My Moto Q is much higher in both respects  vs. the 900.  Although my fellow co-worker, also a VoIP engineer, stated that Nokia has native noice cancelling which raises volume on an "as needed basis", to compensate for surroundings.  I also thought the resistive screen would be a deal breaker, but again, compared to the DROID, its much more accurate, and more forgiving in that it doesn't open what's not intended.  I'm eagerly awaiting my replacement.

After a couple of weeks with the phone, I don't regret about getting it. But, as someone already said, read a lot about the phone and buy it if you need it. If you need a phone for being at web, get push mail (nokia messaging), VOIP, etc... get this phone, otherwise, stay with an Iphone or a regular clamshell phone.

This is a great machine, the interface, the browser, the podcast client, the rest of applications and the possibilites are just great, 32 Gb of my documents and music, that's why I give a five star review.I agree with other customers that as a phone it stills lack some functionallity, actully I don't know what :S, but you get that feeling while using it. It really doesn't matter to me, as the browser and the communications are great, I mean, selecting a contact, and being able from the same interface to talk by gmail, skype, msn, phone, skype call, sms, email is great. I have had it for about 10 days and already save some money on phone calls by using other communication types.

-Camera quality simply sucks+Processor is really fast-Landscape screen is somehow inconvenient+The size of the phone is pretty small-The Apps...I don't know, not so user-friendly as Symbian+The pen is just cute :))-It's hard to open the back or to take out the battery+Love the box =))

I love the phone however the one thing i am not happy with is the amount of apps that can be downloaded. Most of the apps that are offered are hardly worth the time to download. The phones key board keys are tiny, so if you have big fingers like me it could be a problem. The phone is very fast surfing the web the 3g service works great on tmobile network. You also have to buy genuine Nokia accessories such as headphones just any 3.5 wont work properly & chargers.

Have had this phone for about a week and it is the best phone I have ever owned.  When I started shopping for a smart phone I looked at the NexusOne, Droid and Milestone and I found too much fragmentation with the Android platform.  I also own a Zune HD already so I was not going to get the new Windows Phone.  I always came back to the N900.The phone is smaller than I expected.  I saw the pictures, videos and the reviews and the phone looked thicker then it really is.  The screen is vibrant and responsive and you will probably never need the stylus.  That says a lot since my Zune HD has an OLED screen.  Even though the phone is plastic the build quality is really good and the phone feels sturdy.  The physical keyboard is great and is a lot better than the Droids.  You can easily hit the top row of keys and I have big hands.  The best part is the full flash support.  Browsing is tracked at my job so it is nice to have a phone that can render pretty much anything.  I am anxiously waiting OVI turn by turn.

Iv'e had the nokia n900 for about 3 days now and from watching videos online and reading reviews both positive and negative. I have to say this device is great. Its well made it functions as advertised its fast and multitasks beautifully. Not having the phone in portrait mode has not been to much of  a problem for me as i usually hold my phone in landscape mode anyway. I never had an Iphone b4 but iv'e been able to play around with one. The interface just wasen't for me and the fact that its very restrictive. I bought this phone comming from an HTC Tilt, which i was very pleased with and used for over a year. I wanted a phone with better internet capabilities than the HTC tilt and the n900 delivered. Its very easy for me to navigate through to different webpages and do many things at one time which is great. The double tap feature is good and i also really like the circular zoom as i find my self using that alot when there are small boxes to check or links to press. Its easy to dl media pics progs using the n900, functions much like a computer. I also dont consider myself a geek and i dnt know anything about programming. Surprisingly ive found my self using my computer alot less often since i've had the n900 going on face book and checking statuses is cake along with being able to check my messages and hotmail email acount. There are some downsides to the messaging and phone apps but its very minimal and when the new maemo versions come out im sure will be fixed. As for the apps ive been able to dl a bunch of basic apps which is all i really need. I got a couple basic games, emulators, weather, news. Its a little dissapointing there is no program to buy music but i can just dl my music form my computer. The touch screen is great very responsive you do need to add a little presure but it's not to bad. Overall i am impressed with the device as ive used it i seee Huge potential. It does function as is and does what its suppose to do. It never crashed yet and has always preformed quickly and easily. I thought it would be difficult to set up widegets and desktops (of which there are 4) but it was easy and I was able to dl wallpapers and position everything the way i wanted. ive used the camera at night in my room it didnt take to bad of a picture with minimal lighting, but takes great pictures with suficient light. I also love that the camera has a slide lense because i had broken the lense on my tilt. O another thing i was able to stream radio broadcats of my favorite shows easily using edge network 2.5 from att. If you have good att service in your area i would recommend getting the phone. The flash isnt as quick but webpages load very fast probably faster or equal to how long it took on my htc tilt 3g. Dls take a bit of time but who cares you can minimize the screen and do somehting different. Overall im impressed and might not even switch carriers the edge network works just fine for me.

I had this phone for all of 5 hours before it bricked. Upon searching the Nokia forums it seems about 10% of these phones are lemons and will not work properly without re-programming. Prior to bricking, it rebooted randomly while I was texting & web browsing (which is all I managed to do before it went kaput).This is a shame, as it's a wonderful piece of technology (with a few quirks and upgrades needed, yes). Unfortunately, a little too expensive to tolerate troubles quite so soon. Had it worked fine, it would have been a 4 or 5 star purchase. Hope others have better luck with this.

Absolutely amazing...its a computer frankly, not a phone.(1) Most sensitive resistive screen I have used, with the advantage of the accuracy of a resistive (opposed to the lack of accuracy with capacitive)(2) amazingly easy to be in touch, everything just 'works'Just remember the phone functions compared to other phones are in their infancy, and they are speedily working on updates. GIven that, this is definitely the right direction!

Ever since I bought my first Nokia, my good ol' faithfull N95-4, I have been in love with Nokias. After my N97 ( which was a almost a complete disaster, finally coming close to good with recent firmware updates) I was in search of a new phone. I considered all the major OS's, webOS, WinMo, Android (did not look at Iphones or BB's). I had already grown accustomed to Symbian, but no stellar phone ran Symbain. Well then I set eyes on the N900, with Maemo 5. Spec-wise it is close to the top, with a few phones offering better specs (snapdragon processors, better screens, higher mp cameras, etc) but I was set on getting another Nokia.Overall it is a pretty amazing device, everything is pretty much awesome, except for the limited phone capabilities and lack of portrait mode. As far as MMS goes, I currently have MMS set up and working on mine, with the help of fMMS (an app easily found on [...] or through the app manager). The web browser is absolutely amazing, can display any webpage without any difficulties. My favorite is Pandora. I know Pandora has apps for the Iphone, BB's and WinMo, but yet has support for Symbian (funny how that is). Well on my N900 I can go to the site, fully view it as I would on my desktop and listen to music whenever I want. Pretty awesome in my book.As good as the phone is, it does need some getting used to. The first day I was struggling to figure out how to navigate the menus,being used to Symbian, but now it's like second nature. So much so that I rarely use my N95 or N97 anymore, I strictly use my N900. Battery life is decent, less so than my other Nokias, usually lasts a day with moderate usage (texts, phone calls, games, web). SPeaking of games, the possibilities are endless, with the help of emulators...For those saying there are a lack of apps in the OviStore, it is true but most are those are paid apps, and the free ones are either trials or of lower quality. There are literally hundreds of apps already available, accessible from the app manager. Adding a application catalog adds to the amount of apps available. If you feeling adventurous you can add the Maemo extras-devel catalog, but read up on the risks associated with these apps first..Overall I am extremely pleased with my purchase. The Nokia N900 is lightyears ahead of any current Nokia and can stand with the best phones currently on the market. Let's just hope firmware updates only sweeten the device.

All the good and bad opinions I have read are all true except one thing, battery, that seems receiving more of complaints than any other things. Well, that is not fair. Its battery is identical to the one in 5800 but lasts significantly longer than 5800. In addition to normal phone call, sms, and scheduling of calender, I have played n900 much more often than 5800, like map/browser among others things, that are basically useless in 5800.iphone is good but too popular. I like something different or say, a little more sophisticated. Its additional QWERTY KB is a plus and I believe serious player would like to have it.When n9 is ready, I will buy it again next year.

Nokia N900 Unlocked Phone/Mobile Computer with 3.5-Inch Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Maemo Browser, 32 GB--U.S. Version with Full Warranty (Purchased on 01/31/2011)Hi.. I purchased this item on 01/31/2011 today is 28/04/2011 I really need the product. for 2 years I have bought many products and the first time this happens I had never taken so long to get

I think this is the best phone existing, as it combines a phone with a computer, has an amazing screen (definitely the best mobile technology screen on earth) and is not heavy at all (like the 7" mobile phone-computers of HTC). It also has an SD slot, thus giving the opportunity to increase the phone memory to gigantic 48 GB. Has stereo volume and with the fantastic screen it can get closest to entertainment appliances which no phone can.This is the phone that is a real alternative to iPhone in every way possible.The only problem is that the battery can not last as long as one would like. A day and a half is maximum for busy people.

Pros-not as many apps as Android or Iphone but the apps available from Ovi (Nokia's app store) are just the tip of the iceberg for this device. Maemo apps created by users/developers open up a whole new world of apps that are not only incredible but also free! There are emulators available for some of the best gaming consoles of the past (think SNES/NES and Genesis) not to mention clones of Doom, Wolfenstein and other classics. Other power apps i've downloaded are a TI-83 graphical calculator clone--a device that costs $100--for free. Of course, if the app doesn't exist then YOU can make it yourself... although you will need some programming skills. The internet is nearly flawless on the N900. Keyboard is simple and easy to use, 5mp camera takes great photos and video and the navigation is done well (also free). Skype is built in the phone so you don't even have to use your provider minutes if you have 3G or WLAN nearby. I have yet to play with video conferencing but the potential is there. Music and vids sound and look good but other apps exist if the defaults are not to your liking. There's tons of memory space with 32gb built in and 16gb expansion via microSD card. Four desktops are customizable to which you can add widgets, app shortcuts or web links. Not enough can be said about this device's capabilities. Don't forget that it's also and unlocked GSM phone that you can use overseas too!Cons-A bit bulky in comparison to other phones it's size (pretty thick)...not the biggest screen on the market compared to the EVO4 or new DROID...phone call UI could be a little better; No HDMI output but I really have no use for that at this point. Maemo UI takes awhile to get use to but a lot of people will complain since they're use to the Iphone or Droid UI.Overall I would have to say this is one of the best smartphones now that it's reaching it's full potential. CNET only gave the device 3.5 stars but that was at its release. I'm sure if they were to relook at the device it would probably score higher than the EVO4 or Iphone4. One of the coolest gadgets out there with some patience!

ADDED after having it for 3 weeks and a trip abroad:1) Main camera is really good, no matter what some people say. I made night and low light landscape pictures, no flash, from hand, and the quality is damn good for a phone camera. Flash is good enough to take night pictures of an object about 3 yards away. Daylight pictures - of amazing quality, especially landscapes.2) Built-in maps work off-line, which means, I don't need an internet connection to navigate. Download the maps of the area where you are going to beforehand, while you have a wi-fi or a cheap data plan, and then if you happen to not have an internet access when you are out there, you still will have the maps of the area. You'll have your GPS position on the map and still will be able to use the routing features. It's not perfect, since search of places by name will not work (search depends on internet access), but you can chose locations by pointing at them on the map. Network positioning will not work, of course, you'll have to rely on GPS only.3) I had to restart my phone just once in over 3 weeks, which I think is pretty good.4) Battery life never was a problem at all. With all the picture taking I had to recharge the phone only once in 2 days. I don't keep the GPS on all the time, only activate it as needed, which probably does the trick. I must admit that I don't text or browse uncontrollably, so probably I can be classified as a light user.5) The absence of MMS was disapponting. Normally, you always have email so you can live without it. But while travelling I found myself in a situation when I had no cheap and easy internet access for a while. So I had no email and no MMS, hence no way to share those beautiful pictures with anyone! As far as I can see, there already are some applications allowing to send MMS from N900, but I haven't tried them yet.Original review:I have my Nokia N900 for 3 days now, and I honestly don't understand complaints that the interface is not simple enough. For example, many reviews say that it's not so intuitive how to switch to a phone call mode, and that you need to use both hands to do it. Actually, it's very easy: select an option which launches the phone application each time the  phone is turned into a portrait mode - and voila! - the phone launches itself with the wave of your hand. If that is not easy enough, then I don't know. I didn't have any problems with the interface at all. From my point of view, it's very intuitive. I must admit though that I am a professional programmer, and it kind of helps.Other than that, I guess I agree with the majority of reviewers.Pros: all hardware is just excellent. I didn't see specs like that for any other phone. As far as I could see, all the hardware really works as expected. Interface very nice and completely customizable. I like the way the Contacts are organized and managed. VoIP is integrated, contacts from Skype are imported into the regular phone book - very convenient. Nice main camera. Browsing perfect. Email perfect. Unlocked, which means that I can buy a local SIM card when I travel abroad, and save on roaming. Again unlocked, which means that I can switch providers if my T-Mobile stops being the best choice for this device. Plus I generally like Nokia products, they are very robust.Cons: Built-in maps have a very rudimentary interface, and no upgrade available. There is no problem with routing itself, but I didn't find any way to save my waypoints or select my waypoints from the contact list. That should be annoying if you have to use it more than once in a while. Built-in Skype doesn't allow video calls, even though there is a front camera just for these purposes. Lack of applications - personally for me it is not a big problem, I am too busy to worry about having games and specifically wanted just an Internet tablet. But for a person who needs to kill time playing games it might be a deal-breaker.Applications: funny, but even though there only 80+ available, so far I've found all I really needed, except good maps. Maybe I will need much more very soon - appetite comes as you eat - but so far this thing does all that I needed it to do. I can view documents, I can read email, I can browse internet. I can get weather on my desktop. I can get directions when I need them once in a while. I can call my relatives overseas for free via Skype-to-Skype calls. I can track my outdoor activities. I can take notes and make hand-writen notes to pdf files, almost as I would do while reading paper documents.Bottom line: all the cons that I see are on the software side, that is they should be fixable with a software upgrade or new applications. The hardware part is just excellent, so let's hope we'll see more excellent applications for n900 in the near future.

Review Updated June 1, 2010=======================Design & Hardware=======================[CONSTRUCTION]: The surface of the N900 is a smooth black matte finish. The build material is aluminum, steel and rubber/plastic. The N900 easily fits in a pocket, being smaller than the N810 but noticeably thicker than most phones. The four front components are the status light, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor, and VGA camera. There is a consumer infrared port (universal remote), wrist strap option, stylus and kickstand. The removable back contains the main camera, SIM, battery and microSDHC slot. Removal requires some strength but it's reassuring knowing it won't fall off.[KEYBOARD]: The keyboard is side-sliding with a smooth, springless mechanism providing a solid feel. The keyboard is three-row, localized and backlit with rubberized key surfaces. The keys are more difficult to use than devices with rounded keys but are still easier than virtual keyboards. While reaching speeds of 35-40 WPM is realistic, extended use is rather tiring. It is possible connect a USB or Bluetooth keyboard, gamepad, mouse and even a Wii Remote.[TV-OUT]: There is 480i resolution TV-out which uses an included 3.5mm jack with 4 rings. These are ground, audio left and right, and composite video. Useful for watching movies, playing games or doing work that requires a big screen.[SCREEN]: The 16 million color, 800x480 pixel display is incredible. It is pressure-sensitive, 15:9 aspect and transflective, making the screen easier to see in direct light. It uses a surprisingly responsive resistive touch screen allowing use with gloves, fingernails or a stylus. The ambient light sensor adjusts the brightness automatically. Lack of multi-touch means cumbersome "swirling" gestures in some software but is generally not a huge issue.[CAMERAS]: The main camera is a 5MP Carl Zeiss, the same as the Nokia N97. It comes with a sliding shutter to protect the recessed lens. There is also a front-facing 640x480 webcam. The camera interface is the same as the S60. The image quality is sharp, skin tones are vivid and there is very little, if any, chromatic aberration at the edges. The camera uses the accelerometer when photographing so the photo viewer can show the picture "up" however the N900 is held. Take a portrait picture and view it landscape and it'll be small. Turn the device and it'll fill the screen. There are the following modes: Automatic, Macro, Portrait, Landscape, Action, and Auto video. The camera can take 848480 resolution video at 25 fps. The video quality is crisp, recording at an impressive 3000 kb/s but the framerate usually drops to 20fps and the audio has a noticeable metallic tone. The camera also works with Adobe Flash.[CPU]: The CPU is an ARM-based TI OMAP 3430 600MHz clocked at 500MHz but can be overclocked. Some users of the Maemo forums have managed to push it up to 1.2GHz. This allows improved performance with high resolution media, gaming/emulators and web browsing among many others. Overclocking requires downloading a modified kernel with the desired speed. They are generally made available in 50Mhz steps such as 800MHz and 850MHz. Then simply run fiasco-image-update on the download. While overclocking would normally reduce battery life, most kernels also provide underclocks for idle which allows the N900 to use significantly less power when not in use, the net result often being EXTENDED battery life. According to Nokia, overclocking does void the warranty. Since the N900 does not have any active cooling the heat created by overclocking could significantly shorten the N900's life if pushed too much. N900 units are unique, each will overclock differently. So far though the series does seem to overclock extremely well.[BATTERY]: The battery is a 1320mAh Nokia BL-5J, 22% smaller than the BP-4L. A full battery with unoptimized settings allows about 5-9 hours of continuous talk time, 5 hours of music or a few hours of 3G. 3G/3.5G drains the battery faster than Wi-Fi. Lowering brightness, removing desktop widgets and disabling GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and 3G easily triples battery life. Charging is through microUSB which takes about 4-5 hours for an empty battery. An issue with the USB port breaking off has been acknowledged by Nokia as a design oversight, they advise care should be taken while plugging/unplugging devices to mitigate this problem. The "complete cycle" method some people use is for calibrating multicell laptop batteries, but the N900 only has a single cell battery so it's pointless and marginally harmful to do complete discharge cycles as there's nothing to calibrate.[INTERNAL MEMORY]: The N900 has two memory chips. The first is a 32GB eMMC: 768MB of 'virtual memory' (swap), 2GB for settings and software (ext3 /home), the last ~26GB (MyDocs) is for your files only (software not allowed). The second chip is 256MB of NAND memory (RAM) used for bootloader, kernel and rootfs, twice that of the N810. Optionally, several gigabytes are used for the localized offline Ovi Maps, useful in areas without data coverage.[EXPANDABLE MEMORY]: The N900 has a hot-swappable microSDHC slot under the rear panel. It supports microSDHC cards up to 32GB of any class. The included cable can connect the N900 to a computer for easy transfer of files by allowing the N900 to act as a hard drive, though only "MyDocs" is accessible.[GPS & MAPS]: The GPS is a real GPS and has the addition of assisted GPS. The cold fix time with data is about 10-40 seconds with accuracy as good as the Nokia N97. Pre-loaded Ovi Maps are available so a data connection is not required. GPS usually works fine offline, if slow, but due to a bug can fail as the map engine may ask for a connection even when the maptiles are loaded. Ovi Maps uses the GPS to show local weather information. Navigation and mapping with Ovi Maps is free but there is no turn-by-turn voice navigation. The low 1.0 version is due to it being the first Maemo release of Ovi maps explaining the lack of features it has compared to the 3.0 version available on Symbian. Some omissions being the inability to save routes, and inability to look up a contact's address.[FM TRANSMITTER]: The integrated FM transmitter puts audio from the device into radio frequency so you can tune a radio to that frequency and play N900 media wirelessly. It works as advertised but must be very close to the receiving radio.[RADIOS]: The signal strength of the N900's 3G radio is weak. It is possible to turn off the cellular radio without disabling Wi-Fi/Bluetooth by going into offline mode and then manually enabling either. The N900 can use another phone as a 3G modem over Bluetooth but setup is complicated. Bluetooth DUN and PAN modes are supported via community software. Advanced WLAN security, like different kinds of EAP (EAP-PEAP, EAP-MSCHAPv2, etc.), different ciphers (RSA, 3DES, SHA, etc.) and "authority certificates" (algorithms like X.509, SHA1RSA) are all supported. With Bluetooth DUN, tethering is supported.[AUDIO]: The built-in stereo speakers are loud but lacking in bass. They make an acceptable portable radio. Bluetooth headphones work great. The audio quality of the 3.5mm jack is loud and slightly more "forward" sounding than the more "laid back" or "polite" sound of other smartphones but without the response peaks, valleys or ripples that so often mar the critical 1,000 Hz. region. Audio sounds more "present" than with similar devices. The included earphones have a somewhat dirty signal. Higher frequencies hiss, losing details and the brightness and dynamic volume are shallow, lacking weight and depth. The earphone wires feel like they will become loose over time.========================Application Software========================[SCREEN ORIENTATION]: Most software and the main N900 interface only work in landscape mode. The only time it can be switched to portrait mode is when making or receive a phone call. Rotating the phone into portrait mode opens the keypad automatically after a delay. As of PR 1.2, portrait mode is available for the web browser by default. Emails, Contacts, App and File mangers and PDF reader now all support portrait mode but you must press Ctrl+Shift+R every time to enable it. Third party software orientation is at the discretion of the software developer.[WEB BROWSER]: The overall web experience is amazing, perhaps the best available in a device this size. The web browser is MicroB and supports full Adobe Flash, video and applets providing a very fast, full web experience. Tapping zooms and centers where tapped. Making a circular motion zooms gradually. Moving a finger off the left of the screen produces a mouse arrow for websites requiring this operation. The Flash version is 9.4. Flash 10.1 was originally planned for Q1 2010 but the Head of Maemo Operations, Mountain View has stated that it is never coming to the N900, only to future MeeGo devices. Many Flash games play fine but the keyboard can be iffy. Unfortunately some Flash applets still run after closing the browser and drain the battery. The simplest fix is to reboot. MicroB is based on Firefox which uses Gecko, Webkit browsers are also freely available.[COPY AND PASTE]: Copy and pasting text is allowed in all menus and textboxes.[SOCIAL NETWORKING]: The N900 comes with utilities for using Twitter and Facebook. Social presence is a global service, once connected, the contact list is updated realtime, there's no need to launch 'Contacts'. IM support for MSN, ICQ, AIM, Yahoo, IRC and more is also available through Pidgin. Video calls can be made over IP using Google Talk. Email supports Mail for Exchange (including 2003) and IMAP/POP3. Nokia/Ovi Messaging provides PUSH email for up to 10 simultaneous accounts, including webmail and keeps the accounts separate. Skype calls can be made using 3G.[PRODUCTIVITY]: Included is Documents To Go, a suite of apps for opening MS Office documents. There's a free version that only opens Office files and a pay version for creating and editing Office files. Full versions of AbiWord and OpenOffice are freely available as well.[MEDIA PLAYER]: The media player works but can be picky. Included are some 720p trailers showing the N900's speed and amazing screen. Codec support is unclear and experimenting with "mostly supported" media can be a stuttering mess. The media player is okay for music but could use some polishing, the lack of an equalizer was a surprising omission for example. There are also free, community media players like VLC available.[PHONE]: As a phone the N900 has some significant shortcomings. By default there are only two modifiable profiles, however new profiles may be created with a free tool called Tweakr. The rotational start of the phone interface takes several moments. There's no way to filter or organize the call log and call duration is not recorded. There's no speed dial functionality and it's not possible to send an SMS or access device settings from the phone screen. The poor proximity sensor opens random screens while in your pocket and there's no per-contact ringtone support. On the positive side, the call quality and signal strength are excellent. MMS is not officially supported but community software fMMS allows its functionality.========================Operating System========================[INTERFACE]: The OS interface is polished and fluid. You can sweep 360 degrees through four desktops filled with your choice of widgets, shortcuts and wallpaper, easily zooming in and out of open applications. The interface is usually quick and responsive but can stutter. When a dialog opens, the application behind it blurs like frosted glass. All context menus are pop-ups dismissed by pressing outside the menu.[MULTITASKING]: Multitasking is phenomenal. You can run every application with no sign of slowing. Taskswitching is thumbnailed showing what each program is. The active program's window shrinks so all open programs are visible at once. Then any window may be closed using the X in the corner in any order.[TECHNICAL]: The default N900 OS is Maemo 5. Maemo was started in 2005 by Nokia being based on Debian. Future Maemo releases will be merged with Intel's Moblin OS creating MeeGo. Nokia originally planned to support the N900 with MeeGo but since has stated that only a Community Supported release will be available for the N900. Maemo supports over-the-air updates and all software is available freely through user defined software repositories. Apt-get also works great. With Maemo there is no app approval process. The platform is open and free, promoting a strong Maemo community and developer network. The current amount of Maemo software is quite limited compared to other platforms, but growing, especially due to the Ovi store offering commercial software. Maemo 5 has some backwards compatibility with Maemo 4.1 software, but it is fairly limited. As of June 2010 there are about 330 Maemo applications available, although judging the total amount of Maemo software is difficult as it does not have a single distribution channel.[ALTERNATIVES]: The N900 does not require signed kernels which means alternative systems may be installed like Mer, Nitdroid, MeeGo and Debian. Images may be booted on a card or flash memory, like multi-booting on a desktop.[SHELL]: Out of box there is a true linux shell with root access. You can install sshfs and mount shares from a server or even insert a kernel module. Characters missing from the keyboard are accessed with Fn+Ctrl. BusyBox with nano and vi are bundled by default.[DEVELOPMENT]: Maemo offers a POSIX environment allowing use as a UNIX system with native software. Useful for *NIX developers since it opens a lot of possibilities. There are a number of different languages available, and more to come. GUI development is done using standard Linux toolkits GTK and Qt. Python is also available. The N900's implementation of Python is not dumbed down, GUIs can be created with popular toolkits like PyGTK and PyQt. Important since there are many developers that already know how to write N900 applications, even if they don't realize it yet.========================Drawbacks & Issues========================No official MMS support. Doesn't work on AT&T;'s 3G network. No magnetometer (digital compass). No 802.11n. No handwriting recognition. No USB-OTG. No voice dialing. No global kinetic scrolling. Lack of multi-touch. Lack of portrait mode software. Scrolling can be jerky. Kickstand is wobbly with only one position. Mail for Exchange doesn't support Google's Active Sync. Lack of software, especially commercial due to the new OS. Various minor GUI issues that need refining. Various other issues not directly related to the device like spotty Ovi/Nokia support, Nokia launch issues and quality control issues.========================Conclusion========================People are saying the N900 is not a Nokia Internet Tablet anymore and it's just a smartphone but when you use it, you really feel like you're using a device that is more than a smartphone. If you understand the limitations, as mentioned above, can deal with the growing pains as software matures, and value the advantages the N900 offers, you'll be really happy with the N900.

This NOKIA N900 replaced my 3yrs old SE W810i; At the same time, I switched from AT&T; to T-mo plan.I have the N900 for about 2 weeks now and still learning its new gagets  everyday.On this review, I only give some specific comments of what I'm concerned about, those are:BLUETOOTH: I don't have any problem of "disconnect" with my Jawbone2. However, I do have problem with my car Hand Free Link System. My Lexus ES350 and SE W810i used to work great together  everytime while I'm driving. The SE W810i is automatically drop my Jawbone2 bluetooth and connect with my car's bluetooth system automatically. Now with the N900, I have to reconnect it everytime.Update: I have to turn off the Jawbone2 bluetooth in order for the N900 to connect automatically with my car Hand Free Link system. Problem solve.CAMERA:  During the day, picture look good, color is accurate but the "pin hole" lens  is no where close to my 7yrs old Canon G2 (4MP). I would not depend this camera for my vacation trip, but rather for emergency cases where camera is always there when needed. The flash is nice to have when shooting a close up object in the dark, but don't count on it when take a group of people. About video: I haven't try video yet.LAYOUT DESIGN:  This is my strongest point of interest. The N900 looks... REALLY SEXY! It is not as thick like I though. Beside, I would carry it on my belt so thickness won't be an issue to me. I like the Horizontal design with the option of Portrait when making a phone call. This Horizon design will make the N900 toward more of computer style than cellphone itself.  The NO button(s) on the face make the screen look smoother and cleaner, plus the physical slice out keyboard...  Two thumbs up!TOUCHSCREEN: I know some of you prefer Capacitive touchscreen because of its accurate and a smooth  "scroll up/down" with your finger sweep. Well, you won't miss it with N900 Resistive screen. The bonus is you can do it with your glove on. Multi-touch? I really don't miss it much. For enlarging or reducing function, the "finger rotary" effect  work great each time, and I couldn't ask for more.INTERNET:  As many other reviews have said, I'm not going to repeat it.QUALITY BUILT:  I don't know some review complain about cheap made and plasticky look but to me, it's an excellent quality buit to me,  just  open the slice out keyboard halfway and twist the LCD screen lightly, then do it the same on the Adroid phone... you will know what I mean.This phone is exceed my expectation, worth of waiting. While I found some problems or bugs on this phone, I still rate it 5 starts due to its sexy look, features and cost. I hope NOKIA will release some firmwares update soon and so Maeo5 applications.(Sorry for my English)

Wow, this has got to be the best "phone" I've ever had. It's more like a mini computer than it is a phone. I've had it for about 1 month and a half now.Pros:1. You can see every web page as you would if you were on a computer and not a mobile version. Except for [...]2. It's a multitasking machine. You can have a lot of things open at the same time, such as apps and internet windows.3. It's open source, so you can develope and download widgets and apps for your phone without having to purchase them from the Ovi store.4. It's very customizable. You can customize your wallpapers, themes, ringtones, etc.... You can change or take off the boot screen clip with the two touching hands and put your own short clip so that it plays your video everytime you turn on your phone. You can use the 2 LED lights for the camera as a flashlight (it comes in handy). It's also hacker friendly.5. The internal memory is 32GB with up to 16GB more from the micro SD card.Cons:1. Not that user friendly. Most (if not all) of the cool apps and widgets that you download won't be from the Ovi store. You'll have to search out some N900 forums to find out about and use all of the phone's features and capabilities.2. It lacks "call" and "end" buttons. This is not a smartphone it is an internet tablet with phone capabilities, so you won't see many features devoted to the phone. It has basic phone features.3. Depending on the apps that you download, it may cause your phone to act unresponsive at times or even mess it up. There's always a notice that warns you before you download an app from the developers site.(Download at your own risk). Also, the Ovi store doesn't compare to Apple and Android and lacks some really cool apps that I wish would have on my phone that I've seen from theirs.4. The phone is capable of 3.5G speeds, but if you have ATT (like me) you'll be using the Edge network (2.5G). The geniuses that developed this machine forgot to add the bands necessary for 3G on ATT, but T-Mobile customers get to benefit.5. The speaker phone is too low for my taste, but that's my opinion.Overall, I love this machine. I can do so much with it (like control my computer and TV)and still make some phone calls when I need to. The battery life is decent, but what would you expect from a machine that has so many capabilities. And I thank the Good Lord that it surpasses the HTC Evo's. I would recommend this "phone" to anyone who doesn't want just another phone (because it's not) and likes to be original. I wouldn't recommend this "phone" for people that are looking for the next best smartphone because you will be really disapointed, as stated earlier it's an internet tablet with phone capabilities and it isn't as user friendly as an iphone, you actually need a brain to use this. :)

Great phone with rich features to customize by yourself.  Apps are not so many as apple has, but enough for me.The only one thing that I do not like  is the resistive screen, I had a palm treo  680  2 years ago, i also used my G1 for about 15 months and have an ipad back to april as well. So it really takes me a little bit time to adjust the way how you touch the screen: resistive screen , I'm back :(But a stylus works quite well for me

Nokia had a potential good opportunity with this device but overall screwed it up big time.The screen is very frustrating for previous iPhone users and I would say anybody that is used to a capacitive screen. The size said to be 3.5'' is actually quite smaller than the iPhone one. Maybe inches in Finland are not the same as in US. The colors are also just so so. Last but not least the touch behavior is very erroneous: just try to swipe in a list of items (like emails for example) and you will see that you accidentally click without doing it. Soooo frustrating.The Login screen is just a bad joke compared to the n770 and n800 that I own already. Quite ugly and difficult to key in the code. Wooow such a strong regression compared to the previous models.Then Gmail integration is just screwed up: this device and OS version is NOT able to handle my inbox with something like 16K messages. That's a bad joke indeed. The mail application is just freezing without any reason (jezz, I am on a Wifi connection with a BIG bandwidth).There are no apps or so little like a couple dozen. That's a joke too. No twitter app, no facebook app just widgets that are plain useless.The browser could have been nice but the very small size of the screen makes the browsing experience a pain. I am missing big time here the screen estate from my n800. And its time for rendering complex pages is just so so.The keyboard is so cramped. I have medium size fingers and they do not fit correctly. Keying is such a pain indeed and of course there is no autocompletion into the text fields for helping you. Nice job Nokia.The GPS takes time to synchronize and the map is just not attractive and not very readable. Yes Nokia, you cannot compete with Google Maps and you should have done a partnership with them to provide the user a better experience.The phone by itself is just ok and not appealing. It forces you to change from landscape mode to portrait mode and accessing the phone is not really easy when you are dealing with other apps. Woow, even the phone features have been screwed up. Unbelievable.As a sum up, my 2 hours experience was very bad and I decided to return it without regret.Nokia has done a very bad job here and it is such a shame for them as I was sold to have such a device. They should better listen to users and more take care of user experience...

Great phone, but outdated now (otherwise it would have 5 stars). I've had my N900 for years, and I've loved it. The system lets you tweak and modify so much that you can really have a lot of fun with it. The only pain is that all of that has to be programmed or added in by the user; and a lot of times comes with the risk of bricking the phone. I was successfully dual booting Maemo and early versions of Android on this thing. Nokia support is fantastic, as are the online N900 and Maemo communities. I'd say there are almost no limits as to what this phone can do (your programming skills and bravery are the limits really). However, it is a bit power hungry and does drain the battery quickly on heavy use. Also, a lot of these cool features you can add in are coming standard or as easy to install apps on newer phones. As such I think the average person is much better off picking something newer from the Nokia stable. But if you like to tweak and modify things, this is still the phone for you.

Enough has been said of its capabilities, the raw power that secretly lays for most of us (not geeks) within the soul of it. Enough has been said that this high end device is not truly a phone (lack of MMS and some other telephone features not present) but rather an internet tablet with full web-browsing experience. All of this being said... I couldn't agree more on both statements. Not enough internet applications? True. But yet again why would you need a Facebook application when your device allows you to see your very own Facebook in desktop view? I am actually using my N900 to write this review... That incredible it is. Oh and I almost forget. Seriously, stop it. no reason whatsoever to insist on the idea to compare your personal-mobile-computer-with-opened-based-linux-software with the best-seller iPhone. If you want to look cool... Go somewhere else. If you want a internet mobile experience with phone capabilities? Stay with me... The reality here and main thing that concern us all is that its price has dropped considerably... What does it indicate? Reasons? No more Maemo support? No more updates? Is really Meego taking over? Will it soon be forgotten? I don't think so. It may not have the largest fan community ever seen, but it sure has a loyal, devoted geek gang behind it. We have already basic Meego OS, someone already hacked the uprising Android by Google OS to our Nokia N900. My review as you can see is not technical. My review here is practical and true consumer advise. Want a true smartphone? Nokia E71. Want to look cool? iPhone. Want everything and more than you can expect, want to be able to get your hands dirty, want to experience the future of mobile connectivity? Nokia N900.p.s. I love my N900 and I'd love to see a version with UMTS 850 3G Band...

Everybody I work with has an iPhone.  The N900 is pretty good.  What I don't like about it is that some pretty basic things you would expect for a phone these days to do, it doesn't do right off the bat.  However, these functions are already being added to developers websites so they may not even be a problem by the time you're reading this review.  At the moment what is kinda annoying about the phone:* I will be purchasing another N900 as my original was stolen in Frankfurt.* No personalized alarm tone for different alarms - all alarms must use the same tone.* Snooze time on clock setting are only 5min, 10min, and 15min.  I want a 7min snooze time.That's all I can think of.----The only reason I have this phone instead of an iphone is because of what the iphone couldn't do.  I wasn't going to change my habits to suit the phone.  There are plenty phones out there that have adapted to do what the user wants.What I like about it.* I don't need itunes to do anything!  you just connect via USB to your computer and transfer a folder of Mp3, M4a, WMA, etc... whatever you have onto the phone and you're done.  It's sad when you're a slave to itunes.  I didn't need itunes to rip, burn, or download mp3s before and I'm not gonna start now, or ever.* Video playback!  I don't have to re-encode any of my video files.  It plays just about every format out there.  And I don't have to resize the videos to a lower resolution.  So I just got done watching Dexter season 3 on the phone without having to do anything more than copy it from my computer.- Update. (11-Mar-2010) A codec pack was released at the end of Jan that gives additional video support for - AC-3 audio, Vorbis OGG, FLAC, Musepack, Flash video, RealMedia formats, Matroska container support, and MPEG2 Transport Streams.  So that is A LOT of coverage.* I don't have to jailbreak it to do all the things it can do.  If there's a new app or widget or whatever, i can just download it and install.* As of this post, there's already an NES, GBA, and Game Boy color emulator for the N900.  UPDATE - It also has a SNES and Sega emulator.* I can use bluetooth straight out of the box to my wireless headset (Motorola S9HD).  I could not do this with iphone.* USB mass storage mode straight out of the box.Because of this, I can stream movies from my phone to any TV in the house over the network without having to copy files onto my computer.* expandable microSD slot.  So I currently have 48gb (32gb on board +16gb card) of storage.  It will be even more when a bigger microSD card is released.* It has a video out (PAL and NTSC) cable so I don't even need a computer to connect my phone to a TV.* FM Transmitter!- Update. (11-Mar-2010) FM transmitter works pretty good in vehicles.  It even sends the artist name and song info to the display of the car radio if your radio is that type.  But it really depends on how good the radio is on your receiving device as it didn't work so great with my boom box unless I placed it directly on top of my boom box.  However in my vehicle, it worked fine while it was in hip holster while I was driving.-* It syncs up easily with Outlook.  Even auto added birthdays to the calendar. - it even synced the profile pictures I chose on my phone back to Outlook for each contact.* I like the interface.  After about 20 minutes with the device, I was moving around really fast and easy.I'll continue with updates to this post every few months.

I like this phone, it has just about everything I want. It has a touchscreen, a keyboard, great internet (fast speed, real web pages instead of dinky mobile web pages, nice & sleek design, good camera, flash capability... sigh.I also like the fact that this phone is made for those who like to tinker. I am by no means a techie, but this phone makes me want to learn. In addition, I have heard some complaints that this phone is too difficult to navigate, that it's not user-friendly, but I disagree. I think that those who say that must enjoy a brain-dead existence where everything is spoon-fed to them, that they must prefer not to use their brains unless absolutely necessary. Really, it's NOT that hard.My only complaint about this phone? It's not made to send pictures via text messaging. You have to use facebook or some other similar service, bluetooth, or e-mail. I wish I had been aware of this before I bought it. I did read that there is a way to remedy this, but I haven't actually tried to do it yet.I really can't complain about the OS. It's easy to use and actually pretty nice. And the fact that it is possible to run Android AND Maemo simultaneously (with some of your own tinkering, of course) sounds like a fun project to me. :)If you can live without photos via text message (I can't receive them either) then there is nothing keeping you from this phone (in my opinion). I love my n900!P.S. I purchased my phone here at amazon. I would like to say that I cannot say enough good things about amazon. I have been shopping with amazon for at least 7 years now and it's always been a good experience. The service and products are great, and when something does go wrong, amazon has always been willing and able to help. I'm an amazon Prime member and I highly recommend it (did you know that if you are a student like I am, that amazon Prime membership is free?!). Anyway, since I am a Prime member, I was able to receive this phone the very next day for the very small amount of $3.99! So for those who might never have shopped with amazon before, I highly recommend it! And I promise, I do not work for them and I am not related to anyone that does!

The phone was perfect.Everything is good still now.The price was low at the time i bought comparing to other plcae.

Myself: On T-mobile. I'm a Computer Information system, and Accounting major. I've never installed a linux based system OS, but I would say I'm fairly knowledgeable of the Windows OS, and THIS PHONE IS AWESOME!Review pertains mainly for the Phone/Email/Calendar/Web/Multi-tasking functionalities usersI'm a user that mainly uses it for email and web, and this phone is so great with that. It caches all the emails rss feeds right into the phone, so you can view it even if your not online.PHONE: The phone works just fine. I normally doesn't have too much of an opinion of call quality, possibly because I haven't used any HORRIBLE phones yet. But i suppose it works very well. All the functionalities of the phone have support for landscape and portrait mode, such as while talking, the dial pad, and contacts. Currently I disable 3g on the phone so save myself battery, but the receptions seems to work just fine. But it turn it on once in a while if I feel i don't have enough reception bars at a certain location which usually boosts it to max btw. You can use Nokia's proprietary Ovi to transfer your contacts from an old Nokia or do it manually. There also a wonderful app called Hermes (not sure if i spelled that correctly) that pulls your contact's information from twitter and facebook and it fills in information such as phone number, email, birthday, and their profile pictures, it's so nice to know that it's so easy to personalize your phone. =)EMAIL: It has support for main e-mail clients such as yahoo, gmail, hotmail, aim, and mail for exchange (Note: althought it has support for yahoo email, I couldn't register my account for whatever reason, but it wasn't too difficult to register it manually). I like Nokia messaging the best however, because it provides a free push email service and also because it caches all your email into the phone so you can view it offline. The Email is very well integrated with your contacts so you can simply select your contact. I haven't tried to sync this phone with google calendar, but it hear it's seamless. The whole Email experience is a pleasure to use.CALENDAR: Many people complain that the calendar is very plain to look at but I think the interface looks good. you can easily sort by month, week, etc and enter the details of your event. And if you have a to do task list widget on your panoramic homescreen it'll push all the current upcoming to do onto your homescreen widget so you can easily be reminded of things to do.WEB: For web and data usage remember that 3G only works on T-mobile and not AT&T.; I have T-mobile, but not a data plan, I'ma student and I figure it's not worth it since I'm always at a hotspot area. As I'm sure many of you know, and have done your research, it supports full flash, 9.4 right? So that means it displays pages like youtube just as you see it on your desktop without having to cheat =P. Youtube videos are quite laggy while embedded i must agree, and depending on the load of your video, it's not laggy or less laggy in full screen mode. Keep in mind, many phones can't go on youtube at all. The phone is great for web surfing, you can easily go to one page, wait for it to load, while switching to another (press ctrl + backspace to switch back and forth). It doesn't take long to load web pages, but of course isn't anywhere as fast as a desktop computer, but faster than most phones. The built in brower has crashed on me a few times, but not anymore than firefox and IE on my desktop computer.MULTI-TASKING: As stated above I generally use phone while in landscape mode, keyboard out. I generally use the ctrl+backspace hotkey instead of the icon switcher on the top left. This is mainly because the phone isn't too consistant with having the icon there, or while viewing website in fullscreen mode. Spares me of remembering which is which if i can simply use that hotkey. It seems to multi-task fairly well. Althought there are demonstations online of it's multi-tasking abilities of people "pushing it to it's limits" it isn't quite usable with 30 applications running, nor is it pratical to actually open all of them at once, it's take more time to find which app you need thank for you to simply reopen it. In practical terms, I probably wouldn't have more than 5 windows opened at once. and probably only 2 or 3 if your running resource heavy apps in the back. And with only a few apps running, yes it works perfectly, and very useful to switch between tasks while copy and pasting, or between webpages while another one is loading.That's all I have to say right now about these 5 things, I have so much more to say about it's other functionalities like: Infrared, FM radio transmitter, speaker quality, practical use. I'll update this review later, or possibly make a video review about those things.

This smartphone slash mobile computer is amazing. More than I expected from nokia product. I find myself relying on it for work and pleasure. It does have a huge potential. I use it for IM, SMS and live presentation of my projects. I also have been able to use it instead of my laptop. Surfing on the net is as good as my laptop, or maybe better. Unfortunately, the so called professional tech. reviewers did an extremely poor job showing how useful N900 is. Do not go by their word. Try it yourself.

I bought it 9 months ago and I don't have any complain. It's a pocket laptop with cellphone included....That's it!!!

Got the N900 from Amazon for 350. Great deal for a tablet PC and 3G quad band phone. I am yet to take to the next level (load Ubuntu and all). Have been using this for over one month before writing this review. But here is a review as it is.Pros1. Excellent voice quality, East to setup an get started. Decent touch screen, qwerty slide on keyboard.2. Mobile network, Google voice and Skype is integrated. When you click on a contact, u are given a choice to select which carrier to use Voip through Skype or Google (using data plan or wifi) or through your cell network. This feature simply blows you away. I also own an Iphone, where you got to have apps to use Skype and Google voice.3. SMS, Google talk and Skype is integrated as well. It supports other clients like Yahoo, MSN, Jabber, ICQ too but I use only these 2. Need not have apps to go to each.4. Bluetooth tethering is awesome.5. Free apps are quite handy. Need to download the Bluetooth and Wifi app to control them. Its a must to ensure you get a 2 day battery life.6. 5 MP camera with flash is awesome. Video is better than photo7. Key board can be touch screen or through the keypad. (i love the keypad thou')8. Its got a front facing camera, that helps you to do video chat on skype wherever u are. iPhone facetime is way far behind.9. 32 GB RAM and additional micro SD slot10. Great calendar and organized11. Music and Video playback quality is great. There are apps to add more video codec - divX, mkv, etc... So no conversion headaches. Speakers are good quality even in high volume.12. Multi tasking capableCons:1. Other headphones (bose triport) does not work in this. There is a noise. Havn't figured out how to get this eliminated. Now stuck with Nokia headphones (good one thou')2. Takes some time to get used to the touch. Don't expect it to be like a iPhone.

The luck of an official announcement by Nokia management about the future of N900 keeps many potential buyers (as myself) on the sidelines. Nokia Management must come out with a clear message whether or not they will support N900 running MeeGo OS with its functionality and additional information on the faith of Maemo (V5,V6?)Spending more than $500.00 would not be a wise move if this subject is not clarified.

the n900 lacks:1 description for tasks2 lacks category field ( map to Outlook)3 a search for notes tasks and calendar and other contact info.camera is great, LED flash leaves a lot to be desired.

the phone is very good.body awesome when i hold it, give me thee feel i wanted it little more heavier ... gives me manly feel.the panoramic pictures are too good. will paste one picture here. i tried clicking panoramic on Sony camera and taking the panoramic was real pain but with this phone it actually warns if you are going fast or slow . simply superb.The IR is nice feature to have especially when u watch tv the remote is in your phone :)the music quality is too good. NO complain at all about the battery.all the shortcut buttons are rite on screen like backlight,2G/3G mode.videos quality is superb.Net speed i have seen 7mbps download speed on [...] what more one wants.i bought one wrist band for this fone . they should have included one with the phone . but no problems they are real cheap on ebay.The led notification light awesome. u dont miss it . the blue led is real sharp and can see even in the day light.another feature to mention is the gtalk/voip/skype/facebook chat integration. just wish it had hidden/invisible option active for gtalk atleast.yes the bounce game is too good.surfing internet is fun ... I can play the youtube playlist which i created on internet. Is there any other phone which can do that ?so if  you are planning to buy a SMART phone make sure that phone is really smarter than this :PIts impossible to list all the wonderful features this fone has rite here .Believe me this is "THE BEST" phone i ever handledand i am proud to have one  :DBad the amazon is not allowin me to upload a picture ...

The phone is great and I own it for one month already. I'm expecting the new firmware and official Meego for this phone come out soon.

Oh, this is nostalgic. I review this phone four years after I purchased it, and looking back it was one of the best purchases I've ever made.This phone was.. Magic. It was truly ahead of its time and ahead of the curve, and it is very very unfortunate that it lost support from Nokia so soon after its inception.I have only fond memories of this thing- Maemo worked wonderfully (for the most part), skype integration was nothing short of a miracle, facebook and IM integration was amazing, and just thinking about how I used to fiddle with the device's software gives me that lovely little rush that it used to give me back in the day. Decent camera, great multimedia capabilities and a great keyboard (man, I miss that).This thing was with me for about 3.5 years until it got stolen on a backpacking trip to Vietnam. It was a great little phone, and I really, truly wish there was a contemporary version of it.If you used it today, though, you might not be impressed- it's 800MHz processor is not very impressive compared to other flagships and its operating system has all but fallen from grace.Still, it used to be a kick ass phone, and that's how I'd always remember it.

pretty smart but has several omissions, some things in menu are very complicated. plus, system maemo is not known but many so hard to find soft for it

It is a very nice, complete and quick phone, in which you can do all the things that you can do in any computer, some of its characteristics iclude qwerty keyboard which is great, a web browser which is very fast and useful, just because you can have all of the internet services almost everywhere that you go, because you only need a wifi connection to have fun with this wonderful device.I just recommend it as the best phone that you can find nowadays in the stock, and its because a thousand of reasons.Its no expensive, the camera is really great, and everyday you may find new great applications, just because there are 3 different apps where you can download different and useful apps.Finally, it is the best option!!!!!

Hi,the Nokia N900 is a real Hacker Phone.The Nokia N900 is like a Swiss army knifefor any purpose, you have a function or application,if there no application, you can write your own.I can recommend it highly.

As I type this review, the Nokia N900 has received 172 reviews covering the entire range of star ratings so I am not about to type any pros and cons for this device as one can peruse all of the reviews and formulate their own opinion as to whether or not it is worth paying $500 for this device.I am a current Blackberry user and I have begun my quest for a replacement device.  Don't get me wrong, I like the Blackberry for what it does best - push email, contact management, and phone communications.  However, in the past year, I have contracted "smartphone envy" and "Blackberryitis".  My wife has an iPhone and I have friends who have HTC Android devices.  I am not going to cover the pros and cons for each of these platforms although pull email is not as nice as push email.I really wanted to buy this device, but after reading today's announcement that Nokia is not going to port Meego to the N900, I have decided against purchasing this device.  I am really disappointed in this announcement because I believe that Nokia is going to take all of the mistakes in Maemo and correct them in Meego.  Of all of the problems reported in the 172 reviews on Amazon of this device, I would surmise that Meego will correct all of these problems and, after the great experiment of the N900, the first Meego device will truly be the device to purchase.Since Nokia is partnering with Intel on Meego, Intel is not going to ruin their reputation by abandoning the platform.  I am rest assured that Meego will be around for years.  As to why Nokia is tarnishing their reputation, well, I guess they will polish the tarnish with Intel.  This is a business decision by Nokia.Therefore, to the potential buyer, I would suggest abandoning the idea of buying the Nokia N900, as tempting it is, and wait for the Meego phone or you can go with Nokia's Symbian^3 phone if you don't understand how to or want to tinker with Linux.If I can treat the symptoms of my "smartphone envy" and "Blackeryitis", I am going to stay on my Blackberry until the Meego phone is released, otherwise, if I cannot wait to access more apps and the REAL internet and not Blackberry's interpreted Internet, I am going to cure the ailments and move to an Android device as I cannot deal with Apple's control of the iPhone including the fact that I cannot change the battery.

I bought this phone mainly for the OS and I'm very happy for that but when I started to use it I found that it's not only the OS is the performance of its hardware and all the apps you can find. I've used other nokias with symbian S60 and iPhones but I think this N900 is better than them.About the OS, Maemo 5, in my opinion, is the best one nowadays on OS for mobiles.I highly recomend this cell phone and if you like to use linux you will love this phone.

Touchscreen drives me crazy, does not react from time to time. GPS does not get signal outdoors. OVI Maps is just useless.

I pre-ordered my N900 the moment I found out about it, back in September. And I patiently waited, and waited, while watching every demo, preview, and review I could find. With each passing day, I knew I was closer to mobile bliss. And one day, my N900 arrived.Sadly, it didn't really deliver.Having (briefly) owned anN97, I was incredibly disappointed to discover that Nokia has tried their hardest to port elements of Symbian phones to the Maemo platform. Once you're past the (admittedly awesome) desktop effects, the N900 feels disturbingly similar to the N97 in terms of use."Mail Not Responding. Quit?"If you use e-mail, you're going to see this message. Using the included Mail application for Exchange and an IMAP account is painful, to say the least. If you're coming from another Symbian phone, you'll discover that the Mail application is every bit as slow and constrained as your old phone, but does a (marginally) better job of rendering HTML messages. If you're coming from something like an iPhone or BlackBerry, forget about it. Having an iPhone 3G and BlackBerry Bold as well, the messaging on the N900 is infuriating.The screen is gorgeous, in terms of resolution. It's trash in terms of accuracy, if you aren't using the included stylus. I don't have huge fingers, and yet, nearly every tap is either interpreted wrong, or not registered at all. Using kinetic scrolling will inevitably open something you didn't intend to open, or do nothing at all. You'll find yourself asking "Did I tap once or twice?".Web browsing? Brilliant. Seriously. The included web browser is every bit as good as everyone says. Pages render properly, Flash works, zooming in and out is excellent. If you just wanted a handheld web browser and nothing else, I'd recommend this ten times out of ten."But it runs Linux! Linux, Linux, Linux!"Sure. I consider myself to be fairly platform agnostic when it comes to phones, and frankly, the "open" nature of Maemo is something of a red herring. Yes, getting applications on the N900 that aren't blessed by Nokia is relatively easy. Yes, you can compile OpenOffice to work on the N900. The question really is: "Will you?". In a lot of ways, I can see how the N900 would be an excellent tool if I was a Unix / Linux admin who wanted the flexibility to work anywhere without a laptop or netbook. And, there's a certain geek credibility that comes with doing something for the sake of doing it, especially when you have such a portable platform. The N900 is great for those things. And keep in mind, that's largely the audience that Nokia is targeting with the N900.For well over a decade, Nokia's been known for rock-solid performance on signal and voice quality. With the N900, again, they've come short. 3G call quality is decent. If you're outside of a 3G area (which is likely, if you use this with T-Mobile, and a certainty if you're on AT&T;), the N900 has a very difficult time maintaining a decent GPRS/EDGE signal, and dropped calls are frequent. Admittedly, the phone functionality is something of an afterthought from Nokia on this specific model -- but it really shows.As for carrying it around, the N900 isn't quite the "brick" some have claimed it to be. It's definitely substantial, compared to other phones available, though not unreasonable to carry in a pocket. The multimedia functionality is above average, capable of playing just about every type of music and movie format I could throw at it. The camera, while decent, is not substantially better than what you'd find in most midrange to high-end phones in terms of picture quality.Overall, the N900 is a huge series of tradeoffs. For many "it doesn't do..." there are workarounds, or will be workarounds, or might be workarounds. And that's really the crux of my rating. The hardware, in and of itself, is not very special for a phone that costs this much. And the shortcomings may well be addressed, but you have to question how much time and effort you're willing to put in to this device just to bring it at par with similarly priced alternatives. At the same time, there's a lot of wishful thinking, if you aren't prepared to roll up your sleeves and do some development work. "Maybe Nokia will address this in a firmware update..." or "Maybe someone will write a script or program that does this..." will be your mantras if you don't do the work yourself.***January 2010 Update***I'm now on my third N900 -- the previous two were defective.I had considered completely re-writing this review, but too many aspects continue to hold true.What's different:The newer N900 is much more stable, and doesn't crash nearly as often as I had described previously. That's not to say that it doesn't crash, but with the newer hardware and firmware, it no longer crashes if you look at it the wrong way.The developer community is reasonably active on the Maemo platform, and it didn't take very long for some great apps to come out. Installing them doesn't hold a candle to what you'd find on an Android phone or iPhone, but if you're familiar with CVS/SVN or can follow simple instructions, getting some repositories going is a snap, as is finding interesting software. I've been particularly happy with seeing open source projects like Pidgin and Keepass ported over so fast.What's the same:Mail is still pretty terrible, especially if you have a large inbox. Getting the number of messages down will help to make the application more responsive, however, it still is a far cry from what you'd see in competing smartphones on every major platform. It also inexplicably stops updating (yes, fanboys, even when it's not set for off-peak hours), and the "Last Updated" timestamp rarely correlates to reality.The OS still needs refinement. Case in point: It simply doesn't do a good job of telling you that it's busy. Sure, nobody wants to build an hourglass (or spinning beachball) in to their OS, but there are times when the OS is just bogged down when you're positive the screen isn't registering taps.All things being equal, I'm still going to hold to my original conclusion that the N900 isn't for the general consumer looking to out iPhone the iPhone. But for someone not afraid of rolling up their sleeves, the N900 can be an amazing device for Unix aficionados and hard-core gadget geeks.Oh... and a quick tip: This car charger works perfectly with the N900, and is dirt cheap: Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adapter MicroUSB Rapid Rate Charger

If you want a phone that runs Linux (real linux, it is almost debian) and comes with xterm, this is it. IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING an iphone more than a little bit, THEN DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE, and if you do, don't complain that it isn't like iphone. I don't like the iphone, or to be exact I don't like the stranglehold that Apple has on it and its developers. I looked into Android and I wasn't impressed at the internals of the OS. I've owned a 770 and an n810, the OS has greatly improved since then, both in appearance and in snappiness. I'm using this on AT&T, so I am stuck on EDGE, but it is still usable for most things when I am away from wifi (which is not that often). The GPS is very fast to lock. The e-mail works well but there is no search, and you cannot choose which folders are checked for new messages, only the inbox is. (I am using two IMAP accounts, one of which is gmail.) The phone features are unpolished, in particular the voicemail notification comes up as a virtual call from "_@", which is probably the most unpolished thing in the whole device. I'm willing to tolerate some of these bugs until the next firmware upgrade.

Excelent product, complete and usufull... be carefull when charging it cause the inlet its very fragile

The Nolkia N900 is an unique phone. Yes its a bit outdated for 2013-2014 but ls pretty nice to use. It has many featutes for a broad vatiety of users. It only comes with 600 MHz, yes but Linux (Maemo 5)doesn't require much memory, with proper knowledge and kernel update it can be clocked up to 1GHz. I wish there was cases for iy like the folder cases for SGS4, Iphone 5S and such that can hold the phone, money and driver liscense. I recommend it to anyone who like to experience something different as an Operating System and something that is a cool gadget to have. A cool thing to have is a composite video cable a wireless mouse and keyboard so you can use with the Nokia N900. Just sit back go bloggin or browse the web on your couch geeky phone style!  ;)

Received phone off, completely oxidized. Expertise by making a bad signal nokia stokage product by the seller and same conclusion by an independent expert. the first expertise was making a little more than 72 hours after receipt of the phone. Caution situation may be the same for other similar products.

Let me just say outright that I am a big fan of this phone and of Nokia.  I feel like, outside of Apple, they have a great grasp of what people WANT to do with their phones, even before they consider what a person CAN or SHOULD do.  The n900 is a great example of this.  And, as others have noted, it is a little ungainly, but it is truly a moment where Nokia decided "we'll work out the kinks as we go along" and released a very powerful device with a very open design in the hopes that the community could make it work. Not even a full year out, and already the n900 is in much better shape than what you would have gotten when it was first released (and the price has come down!)If you've read the specs, you know that this phone comes with two cameras built in, the very good rear camera, as well as the much smaller front camera.  At the moment there is no video chat software available... but there will be someday, and you'll already have the camera to use it properly when that software becomes available.  Its that kind of design that speaks to 'future proofing' this phone, as compared to other devices.  You are getting some hardware that is going underutilized. but given time, that will change and you'll still have a great device.I also like how it is completely "non-commital" as far as  cellular usage goes.  You could use the N900 without a SIM card and you'd have a pretty sweet "micronetbook"/media player/camera just for use on wifi networks.  Currently, I don't even have a data plan. I just use it as a phone when I'm out of range of one of my regular wifi networks (and I've checked my mobile bill to make sure that its not accessing data when it should not be.)  This makes the ATT/T-mobile debate slightly less significant, since the N900 cannot access ATT's 3G network (I still switched since T-mobile had slightly better plan pricing.)I have only limited experience with iphones, and I have to admit that the iphone does have a slight performance edge as far as launching applications.  BUT I know that part of that is because you cannot do multitasking like you can on this phone.  You can be downloading new apps, browsing the web and listening to music all at the same time.  You have your choice of multiple browsers (Firefox, the N900 built in browser, Chromium (the open source version of Chrome) you get a true command line (and you can even gain root access if so desired.) VPN, VNC, you can even use telnet if you wind up back in 1993 for some reason.The touch screen is amazing to view, and is quite responsive.  The fact that it is resistive compared to Apple's conductive touch response really is just a different style and not something that I worry about.  The only issue with touch accuracy has to do with developers designing apps/websites with very small links and buttons, but that would be an issue regardless of the ability of the screen to register. The included stylus is a nice touch, especially  if your hands are a little dirty or say, if you're wearing gloves.  And speaking of response, the physical keyboard is a great feature.  I like not sacrificing viewing space when I type.  My only wish is that the F and J buttons had more pronounced textures so you could feel a little better where your thumbs were in relation to other buttons (I may be the only person who references home row when typing with my thumbs, but go fig)The "conversation" feature aggregates all your various texts, IMs, calls (even VOIP) and emails into one place so that you can instantly jump into the flow of a conversation.  It kind of parallels the robust contact features and allows another means of keeping up with multiple streams of contact at one time.  With a few app downloads these conversations can branch out into Facebook chat, Twitter, wordpress/blogs, smoke signals (j/k).  BTW, practically all downloads for the N900 are free, due to the virtue of Maemo being an open source OS.Finally, I'll just talk about how awesome this device is as a media player.  The large internal storage means I can ditch my old Zen (a 32 GB device) and now just use the N900 for video/audio playback.  There's no extra software to load on the computer (no itunes!), you just connect the USB cable and press "mass storage" on the N900 when it registers the connection.  You then can browse the n900 on the computer like a normal USB hard drive (drag and drop, FTW!). It accepts standard headphones and actually comes with a pretty good pair of headphones that also function as a handsfree headset.  They are actually good enough to warrant replacing if they ever get lost.  You also get an A/V out cable that can connect to virtually any TV (standard RCA male connection to the TV) and, yes, it can output in PAL and NTSC (speaking of international capabilities this thing has a ton of built in languages supported, and the built-in dictionary/spell checker can support two languages at once, even more language packs can be downloaded through the app manager).  As if that wasn't enough, it also has a built-in FM tuner, an IR port for sending commands like a universal remote as well as the ability to sync via bluetooth (not to mention the ability to tether your phone to your computer.)  In all of this connectivity awesomeness, the one flaw is that Nokia has a proprietary USB port, so if you lose your charger or the USB cable, you have to buy one that fits a Nokia N900 (and an assorted few other Nokia devices) there are third party manufacturers, but its just one more connector shape you have to be aware of.I will say that battery life can be an issue, expecially if you plan on having 3G connectivity and do a lot of browsing then buying a second battery is practically required.Since the N900 hasn't turned into a smashing success for Nokia, the community of users is fairly small. While they are industrious at building porting apps to the device, it is nowhere near as big as Android or Apple's app marketplaces.  There is an interesting possibility of installing Android on the N900, but that is still some time off right now.Hopefully this lengthy review has given you a sense of what the N900 can do.  If you are an advanced computer user with a passing familiarity with Linux, you will enjoy this device.Update:  over the months, it has come out that Nokia is not going to be pursuing further development of the Maemo OS. HOWEVER, that does not mean that the n900 is a "dead" product.  In all likelihood it will be one of the first to get Meego, the new OS being supported by Intel and Nokia, as well as open source developers around the world.  Meego is not yet ready for use (though you can download an alpha version if you want to essentially not have a phone anymore :P) but it is an exciting development for open source mobile software, and hopefully a viable alternative to Android and iOS.

I don;t call myself a tech freak but yes I can say so about phones. I keep my updated for everything and anything that is upcoming in mobile technology. Nokia 900 is worth the wait!! I had been waiting for it for 3 months and my interest weaned but you know what..I am glad I bought it.Why is this so good..1. Best Resistive Touch Screen I have ever used. My wife has an IPhone and so I compared with it. It is not capacitative but yes certainly it impresses and I had no problems with touchscreen although I have big fingers.2. Fast and Furious. No lag and no hang ups.3. Screen Resolution is fantastic.Everybody I have shown the phone instantly compliments it.4. Turning Mode..You turn the phone and phone screen displays.5. FM Transmitter...I like this too much. Just play your media and transmit it your car stereo..No wire needed6. Applications- Some applications in Maemo Store (not too many right now but I guess it will increase) are nice..Like the OM Weather. Uses GPS to determine the location.7. Keypad is OK.8. Desktop..You can actually watch everything right on 4 different desktops and add and remove widgets.9. Web Browsing is just plainly awesome..It feels you are browsing on laptop..These are some of the Pros. I don't say that it doesn't have cons especially the lack of 3G for AT&T; but then no body is perfect. It is a nice phone, pocket able, little heavy though but one of the best nokia has produced. Keep it up.Yes, The Amazon Customer service is really nice.Thanks

the final product was good....but it took so much attempt for me to receive it. im not sure why but i had report it stolen....it took three attempts for me to receive it. they told me it had arrived but it never did..i guess it was stolen many times.

Cuando apareci&oacute; el equipo, no tuve mucho inter&eacute;s, pense que ser&iacute;a como una mini PC con funcionalidades pobres de tel&eacute;fono. Yo en ese entoces habia adquirido recientemnete un Nokia E72. Desde ese entoces experiment&eacute; las cualidades de un sistema Symbian, pero siempre encontr&eacute; deficiente el aspecto de la conectividad e Internet.Luego de probar el Nokia N900, no s&oacute;lo me siento realmente satisfecho con las altas prestaciones de comunicaci&oacute;n e Internet sino que adem&aacute;s con la experiencia de uso como tel&eacute;fono, simple y muy funcional. Aprend&iacute; a usarlo en 10 minutos, lo que dura el tutorial, y unas cuantas pruebas de lo aprendido.Skype, MSN, Google, Twitter, Facebook totalmente integrados a la mensajer&iacute;a, mis contactos, redes sociales y voz sobre IP, lo que uno sue&ntilde;a con su tel&eacute;fono. Estar conectado es muy sencillo, accedes desde cualquier lugar en cualquie momento, de manera r&aacute;pida y sencilla, incluso este review lo estoy haciendo desde mi equipo N900.Sobre Maemo, ya de por si el hecho de estar basado en Linux te permite personalizar a gusto tu equipo, muchas aplicaciones disponibles, una comunidad activa con propuestas e ideas de nuevos aplicativos, 2 plataformas de desarrollo (esto le cae mucho mejor a los que saben de Linux).No hablare de las cualidades del equipo porque eso todo el mundo lo dice. Como un usuario com&uacute;n encuentro al Nokia N900 simplemente perfecto y altamente recomendable.

Great phone, works good for voip.supports codecs g711,g729,and ilbc.great quality camara, and gps.lots of linux software, very fast phone.Sound quality it is very good.32GB of storage, and supports additional memory stick.Voip is not crippled like in my n95 with new firmware, I had an N95 with firmware version 20 and it used to work great for voip but on the n95 with firmware 30 voip did not work, unless the server and phone were on the same network, nokia sip tools was no longer supported, nokia would not fix it, and paying for a repair was not an option available by them, nokia does not allow downgrades so if an upgrade messes up your phone, you are not allowed by them to downgrade.cons:GSM radio could be a little better, it works fine, and it is far better than a motorola, however it is not as good as the one on the n95.Should have include more frequencies for use on 3G, 3G works only on T-mobile, on other networks gprs 2.5G works fine but it is not as fast.Nokia tech support it terrible, you are at your own once the phone is out of warranty Nokia will not do anything to help you, unlike other companies which give you the option to pay for a repair.I give the phone 5 starts since the review is for the phone, but I give Nokia's tech support only 1 star.The phone is very flexible, you can run a vpn if you want.I have even use the phone using the codec ilbc over gprs 2.5G with great results.

It is a mini computer that also functions as a cell phone. That said, I would recommend the device. Not a net book but a functional in between device.

i bought this phone awhile ago and after almost 2 years of use stopped working when the usb charging port fell out i moved onto a iphone 4s, but when i had this, it was soooo cool! i miss the keyboard and the ability to run a nintendo game emulator... overall it was a nice run, would i buy another one. yeah i would. since i cant fix the one i have and you cant ever speak with a nokia representative for the warranty or anything

I bought the US version for use in Europe (much cheaper thanks to pricing and fx rates). The phone works perfectly on European 3G networks.I'm a person who always tends to buy the cutting edge mobile tech, and I've been very satisfied with the phone. The Maemo community has been churning out a lot more apps than I expected from such a niche product. This makes me very hopeful for future Nokia phones also. I can honestly say that the only app or game that I've missed is a proper SportsTracker app.Integration of contacts to all kinds of social networks, skype, google talk etc is flawless and surprisingly useful. The phone is quite responsive unlike some older Symbian phones. The UI is easy to get a hang of and is rather intuitive. I've found myself wondering why some of the features haven't been implemented in Windows, such as minimizing apps to the background by clicking outside the window.The phone is somewhat bulky, partly due to the physical qwerty keyboard and carl zeiss camera lens. The camera is good enough for snap and shoot photos. IMO noticeably better than e.g.any iPhone. On par with Samsung Galaxy. The keyboard is by far the best I've used (compared to other Nokias, other manufacturers, including physical and virtual keyboards).I do prefer a slimmer phone, but this phone has convinced me to get the next Maemo/Meego phone rather than Android or iPhone (depending on price of course) as my next phone.

I was shocked when I bought this I used it only for 3 days it brought me grief. VERY heavy device bulky and stupid Iphone is million times better than N900. No applications stupid applications the battery died in 10 hours with normal use not heavy use this device is BIG mistake by NOKIA I know they want to catch up with the IPHONE profits, technology and perfectness but they need 5 years more to do that DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY

This is what I've been dreaming of for years!I truly is a Computer in your pocket.Not only do I have the Maemo OS installed but Debian Linux as well through a chroot.This means I can install any program I have available on my Desktop computer.Now, if you are not a power user this may not be the phone for you.If you are just looking for fun apps to kill time you may want to look into an Android phone.But, if you are a harecore Linux user and you know what you are doing this phone is for you.The powerful tools that you can use on this phone make it like having a netbook computer in your pocket.I have had over 10 programs running at once and the phone still runs smooth.The video quality is great.  I've barely touch my video camera since I got this phone.Need a modem for your computer?  When you plug your N900 into your computer it asks if you want to connect in "Mass Storage Mode" or "PC Suite Mode".  PC Suite mode will tether you phone to your computer.  If you are running Linux on your desktop you will get a message asking who your carrier is.  You pick your carrier from a list and you are connect to the Internet through your phone (I have not tried this on Windows or Mac).  That's it, no hacking needed.Once again, if you are not familiar with a Linux system this phone may be a little over your head.But, if you are you can pretty much leave your netbook at home.

I received my device in December of 2009 and to make this short, it impressed me to a degree. It does all as described but the little things may annoy some buyers. When I opened the box, there was no manual, just the basic instructions on how to turn on the device, install the batter, etc...For AT&T customers, for the most part, you can not use the device as a phone and surf on the web at the same time which is a downside for myself. Also, you can not customize ringtones for individual people in your contact book. Personally, I'm a multi-tasker and on occasion the device can not handle how fast I use it. It crashes and reboots by itself. And one last issue that I've discovered is when you surf the internet, you will only get a quicker response or connection if you are directly connected to the server at home, your local coffee shop or any other location that provides free WiFi connections. Do no expect quick internet connection when the device is getting the signal from your phone company.

This is a great device.  I was a little hesitant to purchase this phone because of the size, but it really is not too big to fit in a pocket.  The internet browsing is great. My only complaint is when using it as an actual phone it has some problems answering and ending calls.

N900 IS LITTLE COMPLICATED, NOT LIKE" iphone- simple every one can use it from the first touch" I'm still having tough time with out USER GUIDE.The rset you can guest.

I have had an i phone, and currently using Nokia 900, and i am convinced that this Nokia is way better than the I phone. It is simple because Nokia is not as popular in the USA and i phone, but if people are willing to try, Apple was gonna lose its i phone costumers

I have been using this phone with the T-Mobile IPv6 beta service and it works great.  It is outstanding to finally have IPv6 on a powerful phone.

so, the only current smart phone i haven't had experience with is the pre. so, i know the iphone, the droid and windows mobile 6.  I've held and played around with an n97, but not much more than that, so i can't really speak to symbian either.  That being said, the n900 is the best phone i've ever used. the user interface is just on a higher level than its competition.the touch screen is awesome, and while i do like multitouch(a lot) on the iphone, i can use my n900 outside in the daylight, which, since i'm not a vampire, is really important to me. apps are better on iphone, but there are apps for everything i NEED the n900 to do in the repos, there's just not as much fun stuff as on apples app store.  The 3g on tmobile is patchy in pittsburgh, but even so, the transition from verizon jas gone better than i expected. Seeing as how i was paying 2x as much $$$ each month to verizon (for a blackberry that tethered) than i now pay to tmobile, i was really worried that tmobiles service would be subpar.  You know what, tmobile's 3g is patchy, but i have voice absolutely everywhere, even out in the sticks where my grandparents live.  I'm really happy with tmobile actually.  Anyway, if I could have 2 phones, i'd have an n900 and an iphone.  I only need one phone though, so it's the n900 for me. Oh yeah, and the keyboard rocks.  Sometimes awkward to hold and type, but it rocks.  The camera is awesome for a phone, but if you go somewhere with the intention to take a lot of pictures, like the aviary i was at the other day, take a real camera.

I'm sum this up simply by saying, if you are coming from an iPhone or an Android phone, then the N900 is /probably/ not for you. However, if you are coming from a Symbian phone (N97, in particular) and don't mind sacrificing the abundance of apps from Ovi Store, then the N900 /might/ be for you.My previous phone was an N97 (and N95-4 prior to that). The N97 was a great idea, but ruined by poor cpu/memory hardware and a not-so-solid OS. I bought an N900 to tie me over until a MeeGo device launchs for AT&T;'s bands (or there is an unbranded/unlocked Android phone that appeals to me for AT&T;'s bands). Although I am limited to 2.5G/EDGE speeds on AT&T;'s network, I am overall pleased with the device. It does not necessarily do everything that I /want/ it to do, but it does everything that I /need/ it to do. Which is somewhat a different experience from my N97, where it did everything I wanted and needed it to do, but not very well.The iPhone is a smartphone (I use that term loosely to describe it) for the non-techie. The N97 is a smartphone for the techie. Well, the N900 is a tablet computer with telephony capability for the techie. The N900 is really a *hobbyist device* and I suspect Nokia expected the open source community to contribute and support this device.In addition to the obvious, I use my phone for email, taking pics, internet browsing, calendaring/scheduling, and navigation. It does all of that wonderfully better than my previous Symbian phones, except for navigation. The latest Ovi Maps in PR1.2 is a tremendous improvement, but no voice guidance and no native Google maps application.My only other disappointment (read: inconvenience) is the proper support for PC Suite/Ovi Suite and Windows 7 64-bit (64-bit bluetooth drivers in particular).

So, you might be reading these reviews because you are attracted to, or maybe just curious about the N900. After all, why would anyone want to drop over $400 on a phone, that's, well, not really a phone, and has had a lot of excellent reviews, but also a few terrible ones, that if true, would make your purchase a complete waste of money? Let me guess, you are a bit of a technophile, not necessarily a dweeb or a Linux hound, and you may or may not have heard of an 'X terminal' ( or whatever it's called ;) ) and you might be put off by all this hacking talk and 'root, supervisor, debian' language etc? So I would like to relay my experience in going though this process and getting on the N900 wagon :) (12 steps anyone?;) just kidding!)I consider myself a techno type person, I love the gadgets, but do not just rush out and blindly purchase the latest and greatest soon to be doorstop! As a scientist by profession, research and more research is my approach. I've been following the N900 since it's release last year, and have seen, what was almost a prototype (!) evolve nicely, so much so that many, if not all of the early software complaints have now been alleviated either by Nokia, or by some very clever, and generous, members of the N900 coding community (Thank you to them).Anyway, about two weeks ago I was reading the newer reviews and came across a recent purchaser's words that really made sense. To paraphrase, they said to treat the (incredibly powerful) N900 as a normal phone, just learn the bits that make sense to you at the time, and explore it's capability as your knowledge of the system increases. No pressure! All of a sudden I didn't have to be a techno wizard, :) all you had to do was play and enjoy your new gadget. It was really the excuse I had been waiting to hear! ;)So, a 'click' at 8am Monday, and overnight shipping (highly recommended, it was only an extra $10), a box arrived by breakfast Tuesday! So, it's only been a few days (and I will update this after more experience), but here are some thoughts.The resistive screen thing: yes it is different to the Apple products (I'm writing this on a iPad), but certainly as functional and easy to use. You have to use a little more pressure it seems, and maybe be a tad more deliberate with your 'swipes', but it works really well. Zooming is also easy. No multitouch here, but with the volume rocker acting as a zoom switch, and intelligent 'double tapping' zooming, it all works very well. I have heard many complaints about the Maemo operating system, but to be honest, I find it intuitive, accurate, clever, easy to use, and with a quick learning curve. Getting to grips with the symbian system on the E90 was much more complicated IMHO.The iphone thing: Many of my friends have iPhones, and these tend to be the nontechnical types who really just want a pretty interface that can play pandora music or look up the weather. If you are thinking about a iPhone, go ahead, it is a fun machine. If you want more however, then the N900 might be for you. Truly a pocket computer (which you need to recharge every night, just like if you used your laptop all day), it's capabilities are only limited by the imagination of those clever programming types who donate their time and skills to exploring the power of this machine.Three things I would like to figure out in this regard (anyone working on this? ;) ) 1) get the video working on a skype call, 2) utilize latitude with google maps (I am sure google will bring this out soon for the N900, please? ), and 3) an easy non techo way to set up voip calls, so that all you need would be a data plan, and thus save the price of the phone within a year !! :)Anyway, other reviews have covered the hardware and software adequately, and I won't repeat them here. Overall, I am very, very happy with the N900, and you never know, one day I might actually find out what that X terminal thing is all about ;)Thanks for reading.R.-----OK, well I have been using the N900 for about a month now and have got the hang of things a little - so here is an update on what you might find.To address some the concerns I have read about:Firstly the Maemo OS continues to amaze me with it's logical layout and easy learning curve. I suppose those who found difficulty with it were quite entrenched in their favorite systems.There are certainly less 'apps' for Maemo than for the iPhone, but many of those iPhone apps are simply front ends for web pages, and as the N900 can access any web page you have the entire internet available to you, (and if you do not need a 'beer drinking' app, you won't miss much ;) )The top row of keys is very close to the screen as it slides up, and if you are in a hurry, catching the correct letter may be a problem. The solution? Slow down ;) Seriously - take that extra two seconds to type your SMS and there will be no problem. Besides, the virtual keyboard is also very good.Battery life - yes - it chews through power like a Ferrari on the home stretch :) and several hours of wifi / bluetooth / phone calls a day will require you to recharge overnight, or maybe in the evening. Some nifty little programs available allow you to turn the wifi on/off with one click, and that helps immensely.No voice dialing, true, but there is a speed dial of sorts. I have filled two of the four 'home screens' with shortcuts to a dozen or more individual contacts, and so two touches of the screen dials a particular number - no problem :)Now onto the things that really make it just feel good to use this thing:I find that I am using the speakerphone a lot as it is so clear, meaning less things in your ear as you wander around the room :)Many times while out & about I have received calls from friends who are calling using skype from their computers. As this phone has voip built in (I have skype and google talk accounts set up), the call integration is seamless and you cannot tell the difference between an incoming skype call and incoming cell call - either way it rings, the caller id pops up, and you answer. This is the way communication will go - and the N900 has it already built in :)The ability to have multiple applications up & running is natural, just like your home computer. Didn't realize it was even an issue until the complaints about the iPhone! I usually keep 4 or five apps running - email, weather, sms, notes, podcasts, etc. It also ends up as the 'bedside radio' with easy to use podcasts and internet stations.Customization: the N900 interface is completely customizable, even more so really than your laptop. I have it so that it mimics the display on the MacBook at home, so icons and programs are in similar places.Evernote - everything you need, in your own personal cloud :) and available on your N900. Star Trek move over !! Amazing.I've just signed up for skype credit with the ultimate goal of reducing dependance on 'minutes' on the cell phone plan and using the data plan instead. For $3/mo you can get unlimited calls within the US, and for 2c/min you can call the UK. You still have the issue of incoming calls taking up your minutes of course. It is easy to use skype as when you open up a contact there are the phone numbers you expect, but also the option to 'call with skype'. Very straightforward.I could go on, but you get the idea - awesome phone, a real powerhouse with as much potential as you wish to use. Hope you enjoy yours as well :)R---------

I have used an N800 for years as my pocket computer.  I liked the N800 enough that I didn't really consider anything but the N900 as a replacement.A solid little device.  I would recommend it for anyone who will benefit from a Linux pocket computer/cell phone/GPS/camera.What I miss in the switch from N800 to N900:- Screen space.  Both are 800x480, but the N900's 3.5 inches really feels smaller than the N800's 4.1 inches when using Xournal or Gnumeric.  The trade-off of course is that the N900 is phone sized.What I love in the switch:- The Maemo 5 interface.  To me this feels very well thought out.  Efficient and a pleasure to use.  Settings for internet and bluetooth connections are handy.  Notifications and icons make sense.- Cellular, GPS and 5MP camera.  The N900 adds these capabilities to my pocket computer.  No more carrying four devices all the time.  And the phone's bluetooth works perfectly with Sync in my truck and with my Jabra BT125.- It's Linux.  X Terminal, ssh, Xournal and tons of other software in various repositories.If you get one:- Get 'Scout'.  It provides search capabilities in calendar, text conversations and contacts.  Makes the calendar a complete tool.- Get a bluetooth headset for easy note taking while in phone calls.  The same applied when using the N800 because a cell phone was rather small to hold with a shoulder while writing on the N800 and speaker phone is not always appropriate.- Get OMWeather if the default weather app doesn't offer your city.In my opinion Nokia has nailed it with this device.  What I don't understand is why they're so hard to find.  I couldn't get one in Canada when I was looking.  Ended up ordering through Amazon in the US and shipping to a relative's place there.  As with the N800, these things are wonderful!  Why doesn't Nokia have them in every electronics store?

The N900 is a great device, it is cool, fast.The only thing is not cool, is the sources are limited.

Im female but I LIKE THE PHONES.  First, my creds, I have owned HTC Touch Pro 2, My Touch 3g, HTC Imagio(Verizon), Nokia N95, N78, 5800.  All these phones I have bought used and sold or switched carriers.  I came from a My Touch and bought my N900 and reluctantly sold it...and sadly a bad sale later it came back to me. So far, its really got such SOLID POTENTIAL!  Yeah for guys, if you don't have a purse or carry a backpack...its heavy and thick enough that it makes it difficult to walk and check email so I've been told by my Blackberry friends and they are right.  NO APPS...and NO great GOOGLE EARTH NAV... But in person its a REALLY GOOD LOOKING PHONE THAT GETS ATTENTION for looking like a PROFESSIONAL cellphone...not plasticy.  Give the software some update time fellas.  It will come!  The phone software interface is usable but DEFINATELY IS STILL A WORK IN PROGRESS...and if Nokia doesnt follow through on that, I WILL TOTALLY SELL IT...THE CALENDAR...BLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWS AWAY that MY Touch...and the keyboard is nice and weighted...I HATED typing on the my touch at work and trying to update meetings...just flimsy as i tried to type and hold it.  I wont lie...If and when that HTC HD2 comes out...I WILL PROBABLY JUMP SHIP and I know its Windows...but I navigate windows just fine...for me...ok tired...later guys...to anyone who reads this...if you LOVE NOKIA....YOU GOTTA GET THIS...IF YOU HAVE A CERTAIN NOSTALGIA FOR THAT CLASSIC NOKIA RING...go for it...if your new blood...you may not be so DAZZLED...so go get the Nexus then...its really form factor...cause the hardware on this BLOWSSSSSSSSS AWAY ANYTHING ELSE...camera, build quality, sound quality, etc. hell its free shipping and NO return fee...BUT FOR GOD SAKE...KEEP THE PHONE AND USE IT FOR A SOLID 28 DAYS... dont giveup on it... your friends will be like...wow...its got twin stereo speakers and an fm transmitter to play your 32 gigs of music over the car radio????? WOW...thats all she wrote....lol

Hola , les comento mi experiencia con el telefono,lo compr&eacute; y bueno, me parece excelente ya q se puede tener muchas aplicaciones corriendo al mismo tiempo, sin embargo, como recomendaci&oacute;n personal, este telefono no es para todo p&uacute;blico, ya que las aplicaciones hay q buscar cosas en linux, no es un user for windows. como normalmente se esta acostumbrado.en fin, mucho telefono para alguien q no sabe de linux o mac, ya q en el telefono se puede progamar.

The hardware is great, an improvement from previous Nokia models. The firmware and software is still in the early stages but I am sure Nokia is working this out very soon, especially the turn-by-turn navigation. The phone is ticker than most in it's class but it fits in the hand quite well.A big plus for:Media: 5 MP camera puts out great photos, Video in 800x480 is super.Display is awesone. The slide keyboard is a big plus.Muti-tasking is what makes a difference for me.Micro USB is the right option as well since it is becoming the standard.I would give it 4.5/5.

I've had this phone now for over a month and it's simply amazing. Highlights for me are the full browser - exactly like your PC, flash, etc - the built in is based on Mozilla but you can install Opera also and it's lightning fast.The latest OS patch fixed a lot of the little issues you'll read people complaining about in reviews across the web. And, yes, battery life has greatly improved.But, my favorite features:- Address book is completely integrated with Skype and every IM client you can imagine. You just log in once and your address book is your IM client - similar to Pidgin if you're familiar with it.- Stereo speakers - which translates into an awesome speakerphone and very handy for movies and streaming radio stations - you can even turn on the FM transmitter and tune your stereo to the phone's frequency...amazing.- Video calls with Skype are incredible- And, a great backlit slideout keyboard with a solid build.- Added a 16GB card and now I have 48GB of memory - how sweet is that?If Nokia doesn't continue on this path, they're crazy. More internet device than phone but I'm hooked. This sets the bar very high for any phone purchase in my future.And, in terms of linux, this is about the friendliest version of mobile linux I can imagine. It's like Ubuntu for your phone.I know the app list isn't as deep as say your iPhone or Android stores but so far I've found an app for everything I've needed.Next, I'm installing KOffice - which is like OpenOffice - so I can open and edit Word and PowerPoint slides - try that on your phone.

It is an amazing piece of technology! Soon programs as nymbuzz will be available for nokia n900, making it powerfull.

I have had this phone for little over three weeks, it replace an Android G1.What I like about it other than what ppl have mentioned here:1. unlocked phone running opensource operating system.2. replaces the function of my netbook.3. Best specs among all the phones out there. Better TCO.3. Facebook integration, Skype over WIFI is really a great!What is not good about this phone:1. Batter life is very bad. On 3G I get 5hrs of idle time, on GSM I get about 8. If I turn off GPS & turn off my availability I get 10hrs tops. During the day I have to keep it plugged into my netbook so that by the end of the day I dont run out of battery. I bought a XP180000 rechargeable battery pack to charge my phone and netbook. If you think the battery life if iphones sucks this sucks even more.2. Lack of any google integration, voice, calendar, email etc.But I will definitely recommend this phone if you are in the market for one.

This Phone is actually the replacement for my iPhone 3G, it's superior in social netwoking, call clarity, and free space, along with some other cool features built in like a forward facing camera for video calls on skype, and auto integration of contacts from facebook. But because of poor sync support for vista, lack of applications, limited battery life, and some what glitchy software, this phone isn't all it could be. Don't get me wrong, this phone is highly versatile (although complicated to use at times) with the small ammount of apps that it has-I give it a 4 out of 5

Ok here we go. The keyboard was small not wide enough so it had me wanting my G1 badly. Touch screen is not super smooth you need to apply a bit of pressure. Apps oh wait what apps? lacks content for now. App download area is very ugly. May look better in upgrade who knows. Maemo store not even open yet. Basically I got this because of flash but Nexus One I just got has flash 10[...] it will be added later this month. This phone froze on me so much I had to return it. Gave me so much problems it was very annoying. Goodbye N900 good try but needs so much help. Camera is great got to give it that. Loving the nexus one right now. N900 too buggy for me. slows down when you have certain apps running. 3 stars for effort. Had to take out the battery a lot. And why did they make it look like a brick there are so many phones on the market that are nice and sleek even with a keyboard come one Nokia get with it.

I have had the phone for two months and so far I Love it!

The Nokia N900 is a device that can not be compared with any other cellular equipment out to date.  The quality of the hardware is rich, The Maemo OS is silky smooth,  The capabilities are beyond belief.  To truly appreciate a game changing unit such as the Nokia N900, I had to own one.As a T-Mobile customer I have only a select few devices to choose from, which are equally unique and user friendly as the next; but the N900 stood out from the very second I was able to see the previews that elevated in September.  Before it was released the specs alone where enough to make me drop my G1, Iphone 3G, and Preorder ASAP.  The 32 gb of storage with 1 gb dedicated for applications, 600 MHZ Cortex processor (Smooth 3D Graphics), and FM Transmitter where enough to validate investing $[...](after rebate) on a Mobile Computer.  Though there was a delayed release date, I still held out on my purchase to research more finished product reviews.  I found some great reviews and some mediocre reviews.  Most of the Top 4-5 star rating were from editors that I trust; and I know are actually knowledgeable of technology and the product.  So I ordered my N900 and after anxiously awaiting its arrival due to the back orders and popularity; Fed Ex came knocking on my door.  I have dove head first into it for over 12 hours and now that I have used the N900 first hand I can safely say that not only is there raw power under the hood like a BMW Z8 but the quality of the components are up to par with a Bentley Coupe.  Even the USB cables to the included VGA cables are Top of the line.Not only are the Headphones elegant but the Linux based Maemo OS (Linux based same as Google Android OS) is as smooth as butter.  Everything from the vibration of every touch to the to the onboard Flash 9, add to the experience of browsing the web.  The one noticeable issue which seems to be standard on most every phone I have owened is the lack of a proper notification icon.  Even on early Nokia's the tiny square shaped letter signifies the arrival of an sms text.  The HTC G1 has a notification bar at the top which informs me that I have received an email no matter what app is open.  On the N900 the only way to notice if I have a message is to either hear the tone, check the notification light (Which blinks the color of my choosing) Or exiting out of the app I am currently in and navigate to the Task Menu.  It is not something that would make me send the Tablet back for a refund, but it probably will take some getting used to.  Fortunately there is an update that will hopefully not only alter the notification methods, but also enable users to run the device in portrait mode the majority of the time; rather than only in the Blocks game & using the Phone.  The ability to download a 300mb file, listen to internet radio, as well as surf the web seamlessly with out lag is the icing on the cake and outweighs any negatives the N900 possess.A deal breaker for some is that it is bulky and cumbersome, but this Nseries was surprisingly sleek and lighter than I assumed.  Although it is thicker than most devices that attempt to be in its class, it does not have so much weight to it that it would be a nuisance to hold to my ear.  As a developer I plan on using all of the features and with "theunlockr" it truly shines.  With everything that The Nokia N900 has to offer the ((M)SRP) of $[...] is a steal.  I do not regret ordering my unit and I am grateful that the wait is over. I now own A unique device that is far better than what I have grown to expect from a Smartphone or Pocket Pc; It is a true mobile computer.

its a perfect produact which non other product can compair with it.powerfull and so fun work with it,

Waiting a week after having ordered it, I was excited to see how this phone would do its thing. Note that I have Nokia E63 and was very happy with its performance and was expecting N900 to blow it away. Unfortunately it was not so. The battery life was just awful. After using it for just couple hours the battery indicator showed halfway mark. I was told that I had to run couple cycles to create battery memory. I did not remember reading that for this phone. Other reviewers reported decent battery life and I will check to see if it improves or it may be defective. Note that the E63 initially did have poor battery life but after updating and upgrading the software for the N63, the battery life improved considerably so that I did not feel like I had to look for an electrical outlet.Email is just slow for the N900. I have Gmail account and it just works on Nokia E63. I searched for solutions on the N900 and so far have not found it. It is just inexcusable that basic things like email would perform so poorly compared to the slower cousin like Nokia E63.Map and GPS. The interface is just horrible. Not usable. No memory for previous trips; no Home feature that is expected on GPS (after finishing a trip, just click on HOME to go back home). It is Ovis Map version 1.0 and it does not have speech feature for directions. We had to go back using the Garmin GPS. That was sure disappointing.Contacts: This phone combined the email addresses, chat and IM nicks and Phone contacts into one book. I did not like it. I like to separate the phone contacts from chat and email lists. Maybe it is something to get used to. Right now, to make phone calls, I have to go to Contacts and then select a name to call. With Nokia E63 I was able to type couple letters on the main desktop and it would direct me to the Contact's list starting with those letters. It did not work that way on the N900. It could be solved with software or some kind of programming.Stylus. I was shocked to see the stylus on the phone. That brought me back memories of Palm Pilot back in the 90's and thus gave me a strong feeling that it was going backward and not forward. After using it for couple days, I do have to admit that using stylus is far better and easier than using fingers. Coupled that if you use fingers on the touch screen, it gets oily and dirty fast. The control is very accurate using stylus and it became second nature.Browsing the internet. Not too bad. Sometimes pages load slow but it is readable even with small print. I am nearsighted so it was not a problem seeing the small print. If you were farsighted and or have Presbyopia, it would present problem but you can easily make it larger by moving the volume button up to make screen larger or you can tap it couple times to make it larger. The challenge is with tapping that it sometimes works and sometimes it does not. My friend has the other unit and it does not enlarge when tapping. It seems like there is a way to turn it ON and OFF but I guess we have to read the manual.The Screen. This unit has the most awesome screen I have seen for small factor tablet / phone.They keyboard. Not too bad. I find myself with the thumbs hitting the bottom part of the screen frame. I wish that they could move the screen frame further away from the keyboard.3G Phone connection. Not bad. The WIFI connection works great though. I have downloaded the entire Don Quijote from Gutenberg site and it took seconds. There are not too many apps available for this phone and I wanted a Bible and so I downloaded several books from the Bible on the Gutenberg site and that fulfilled a need for now.My recommendation? If you are just a plain consumer who likes their product to work with no problems, I would NOT recommend this product YET. The iPhone is popular for a reason. I do not have one myself for the simple reason it is locked with ATT and that the batteries are not removable (easily at least).If you are a geek who are into programming and enjoy solving problems (believe me, there are problems with these phones!) this phone would be great for them. I went to Fry's Electronics couple days ago and the phone guy shared that they had 15 on stock and it was gone in a week.I do wish Nokia the best in producing a phone that works and specs sounded great for this phone but the reality is that it is not ready yet. That is disappointing.UPDATE:I reflashed the OS and it works so much better! The battery life became more reasonable. Email responded faster than before (but still slow).Before I used the phone I did update the software but apparently something was not right. I tried updating it but it said I had the most current software. I did check around and all I found were geeks' way to reload the camera OS by using some Linux command. A friend of mine was using Nokia's PC Suite and noticed that it had option to reload the OS and so I tried it. It did work!!********************************************************************May 3rd 2010 update:It has been three months since I had this phone and I am getting to love it!!.I had been loading apps (all free so far) like crazy and one amazing app is the Debian app that installs FULL OPEN OFFICE SUITE with word processor and full spreadsheet!! It also installed the full Firefox 3.1 browser called Iceweasel.I enjoyed taking pictures with Nokia N900. Of course my Canon EOS 5D Mark II takes far better pictures but if I do not have the Canon with me, because of weight consideration etc, then I will miss lots of shots as a result! So having a great camera in cell phone is always handy. Night time pictures are not the best, being quite grainy and all. Which did not surprise me.Firefox just introduced beta mobile version for this phone and it works quite well!! With full flash support and one is even able to save web pages as a PDF file. And also it rotates with the phone. And even though the print is tiny, it is amazingly readable, a testament to the high resolution screen. And also the new Firefox mobile for N900 is magnifiable using the volume control button which is very handy to make it easier to read. But so far I am not able to copy paste from Firefox mobile for N900. I am able to copy and paste text using the IceWeasel browser found in Debian file.About battery life, I am quite a power user and so I had to charge every day. Sometimes twice or three times a day if I am playing games like Angry Birds or the 3D game TuxRacer. Which really did not surprise me. I find it quite acceptable now. I learned to shut off the Bluetooth, WIFI to conserve energy and to lower screen brightness.Oh yes, this phone has Skype functionality built in and can use Skype networks to make phone calls. So you can make free international calls to you Skype friends. Or be in a Skype subscription program and you may have unlimited international calling. Skype was quite easy to set up with this unit. And yes you can text you Skype friends too, using the Conversation app which combined cell phone contacts, gmail contacts, aol contacts, Skype contacts and other contacts into one list. It took a while to get used to it (I was used to different contacts for different usage) but having one list actually makes sense now...I am still waiting for the Maemo upgrade. It is now available in the new models announced in Hong Kong. Hopefully it will fix the email problems. Still SLOW!! Reportedly it fixes several issues with Maemo browser. If they fix that, it probably will be the best browser hands down for any smartphone.

The phone was very thick, heavy and having uncommon OS . Screen was not sensetive enough. And very few of apps Totally unsatisfactory

If you need a well built, fast and ultra portable computer with phone capabilities, Nokia N900 is the best option. iPhone is for people who want a good gaming device that makes phone calls. And those HTC Android phones look cheap. Android OS is the limited version of Maemo, so if you need full power of Linux on your device, N900 makes you happy.

I got my N900 earlier this month after having spent a good couple of months comparing and fretting about it.  After all, almost $600.00 is nothing to just toss to the wind.  I am extremely happy to report that I have not been let down. This phone does it all!  Yes, the phone is new so things there are things that need to be fixed with firmware updates, but the point is, Nokia is doing just that.  A trip to the forums shows all sorts of entries of things people don't like or would like better and Nokia is actually implementing many of the suggestions.  I was able to come home with the phone, update the firmware over my WiFi connection, and have not experienced any of the reboots or other complaints made so far.  Yes, the number of applications available for the phone is on the slim side.  But what do you friggin expect?  How long has the iPhone been around?  In the time that I have had the phone (less than a month) I have noticed that the number of apps available to be installed increases almost daily.  Once again, I have to add that a visit to the forums will show all sorts of apps in development.  You can even put one that is still considered in development on your phone and fire it up if you are daring.  For the time being, there appears to be a formidable number of people developing away on the device.  Pretty cool to me.What I like most of all, is that I can do what I want with the phone.  Unlike iPhone, I am not forced to go with a certain provider.  The apps are not controlled by Nokia so people are free to develop whatever they want with no "holds" whatsoever.  If YOU like the app, YOU install it, if not, no worries.  Need to replace your battery?... no worries.  Unlike the iPhone, you can actually get to it without having to break the sucker open.  Perhaps the best summary for what makes this phone awesome is the fact that it comes with an IR port on it.  Nokia didn't develop any software that actually uses the port so you might think, WTF are they thinking?  The answer is, they were thinking ahead.  They provided hardware that wasn't actually "necessary" for the phone to work, and, once again, allowed us as the users and developers to do what we want with it.  For a manufacturer to provide you with "unnecessary" hardware is pretty rare.  For one to empower you to make it work as you want it to is almost non-existent.  In the current environment of DRM and other controls that make me feel like things I buy with my money don't even belong to me, this phone is a fresh breath of clean air.  Could it be better?  Sure.  Can you think of ANYTHING you have ever bought that you couldn't say that about?  I doubt it.  I feel that I have made minimal compromises with the product and that in the future, Nokia or other developers will provide the fixes to make this phone even better.

I've been a gadget freak since the days of Windows CE, Palm Pilots and Ipaqs. I have always liked the idea of having a computer in the pocket. But in those days, I had to carry a PDA in one pocket and a cellphone in the other pocket. As the smartphones evolved, I found myself with a single device but not as powerful as some of the devices I used to carry.Enter the N900. First the warning. If you're an Iclone, you're probably not going to be happy with this phone. First of all, it's bigger than that cute phone you're used to showing off at the coffee shop with the Cheetah skin cover. I have an Otterbox case and it easily fits in any pants or shirt pocket, but some reviewers allude to it as being bulky. I don't understand this. I certainly didn't have to renew my gym membership in order to use it but I guess some people are out of shape.The Maemo OS does take some getting used to but is smooth and efficient once you get up to speed. Here and there you may have an extra key stroke where your Jobs-Phone had a single click, but if you're intelligent enough to use this phone, you're intelligent enough to figure out how to quickly modify it to suit your needs.And modification is the key here. Starting with an open source platform (linux-based) that allows for all types of app development (that don't require a federal judge's approval), the N900 is a powerful computing device. Access to the Linux shell is easy with the Xterm application. In addition, there is the Easy Debian application that allows you to run a seamless Linux OS on your computer. This is a device that begs for hacking and provides you with the tools to do so. I've seen N900 run everything from Mac OS to Android.Even if you're not a geek, you'll love the simplicity of the N900. There are 3 methods of input (touchscreen, stylus and Qwerty keyboard). It doesn't matter what your preference is, it's always nice to have options. Due to the open source nature of the platform, there are tons of apps available for it. And it is really an internet tablet with phone features. Browsing the internet is a breeze on this baby  especially since Nokia doesn't believe in the obsolescence of Flash (hint, hint). It can be used as a webcam with it's front facing camera. And the 5 megapixel camera takes wonderful shots. With 32 gigs of memory and an optional microSDHC slot that will accept up to 32 gigs more (that's right 64 gigs at your fingertips), you can store movies and songs just like that other phone.All in all, this is a great phone. Well-designed and solidly made. I think it's the best phone out there now.

I bought this phone for my wife and it is a nice unit.  It is not a phone that one should buy if you are not tech savie because while it is fairly simple to use it can be too complex for a non-techie to set up

Strong device, but Since it has been discontinued by Nokia you can imagine how fast it became obsolete. Bad Choice.

After some tinkering I got it to work beautifully:I have full email sync over imap, full contact sync with memotoo and syncevolution, I can make and receive calls over wifi through sip where there's no service or overseas, the media player is awesome, etc etc.I wouldn't give it away for nothing.If you would like info on imap and syncing check out [...]

Disclaimer: This is my first nokia phone and I am no nokia fan boy.This is a truly impressive piece of hardware. I am one of those people who love to tinker with stuff and this is the must have phone for people like me. Truly "Open" with limitless possibilities. This is no iphone and does not claim to be one. For anyone who wants hassle free "App store" experience this is NOT the phone for you. On the other hand if you love to play with your phone and test it to see what its capabilities are this is a must have phone. For example in the past few days that i have owned this phone some of the really cool things i did was install irrecco a remote control app that controls practically anything that works on a IR remote, installed codecs for its default media player so that it plays most/all media formats that you can throw at it (i haven't tried but i am sure it WON'T play HD content), installed easy debian/openoffice a full office suite to edit word, excel and powerpoint, and lots of other stuff which you can only dream about on other phones. This is truly like a mini netbook that fits in your pocket besides being a good phone.However one important thing to point out is I have been using this phone just for a few days and I can't comment on its longevity. Also nokia has stated they won't update this phone from meamo to meego and whatever little niggles the current firmware has will possibly remain forever as it is remote that nokia will be releasing any update to the current pr1.2 (must admit though that this version is impressive nevertheless). Also be carefull how you tinker with the phone else you may brick it.

Hi. I already had Nokia N95, 7710 and 5800XM...but this N900 beats them all...really it's not exactly a phone, it's a mini-computer with a phone application, and of course much more!!!The camera is great, like the one in N95...The browser is amazing...you'll feel just like you're in you laptop...And so on...endless possibilities...endless applications and the list is constantly growing...Remember...it's not a phone became smartphone...it's a computer with a phone app.Good luck!!!

I was not impressed by the phone especially for the price I paid. You have to do some work to use java apps on it or even simple stuff like rotating the screen.

My brother had been wanting this fab phone for months, and he was ecstatic to have it for Christmas! Pretty pricey, but he said it's worth every penny!

No tengo muchas palabras para describirlo, es un excelente tel&eacute;fono. De repente se ve grande y pesado, pero cuando lo enciendes la resoluci&oacute;n y tama&ntilde;o de la pantalla hacen olvidar estos detalles.

The N900 is a great phone hands down.  It can do almost everything a computer/camera/phone can do.  It takes very good pictures and is easy to personalize.  One thing it can't do though, is send MMS messages.  There is an app being made so MMS can be done, but it is not completed yet.  Also, this phone is for the technically savy people outthere that can figure out issues on there own.  The owners manual is vague and and you need to search around to solve issues. I would not recommend this phone to people who are the plug and play type but would highly recommend it to everyone else.

the n900 is the besti never felt like i don't need my laptop anymore till i had this phonebut the product i received had a flaw which is some missing pixels in the screeni hope this gets fixed or something...

I have owned about a half-dozen different Nokia cell phones and had been pleased until lately...Prior to purchasing the N900 I had the E-90 Communicator and am currently using the E-75 until something better comes along.The N900 looks sexy and mine worked flawlessly as it was designed ... therein lies the problem- it was not ready to be released, especially in the face of the success of the i-phone (which I do not plan on purchasing).The Good: Feels like it cost $600. great combination of Touch and Stylis. Flexibility with customizing desktops/Widgets for easy access (though you don't have much of a choice between the 'married' set of graphics; Touch worked fine with nice transition effects (I am now a big fan of Resistive Touch Screens)The Bad: Cannot assign specific ring tones to contacts; No Voice Dialing; No Speed Dialing; The internet/E-mail was very slow (compared to my E-75) and the pictures in my contacts appeared fuzzy. No ability to clear all entered data - so I had to manually Delete my over 1K contacts and four years of Calendar as well as over 700 Memos (even thought the manual says it has this function- a call to Nokia confirmed it is not active yet!)I tried Hard to Keep the phone (as a former All Nokia Person) but the deal breaker was when it failed to sync with it's own PC Suite and my Outlook- Which by the way still works with my E-75 just fine.I DO NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THE N-900 AT THIS TIME! Unfortunately I do not feel strongly about other options.

I have been warned: 'wait until the 2nd generation comes out. 1st generation phone always have bugs and kinks.....wait'. I should have listened, but oh nooo. Let me say that I am a die hard Nokia fan. Remember the Nokia 3310 #old school#? That's where I am coming from. I owned a series of low end, drop anytime anywhere Nokias before upgrading to the N96, 5800 music express and now the N900. Anyway, enough waffle.First off, I am not a 'techy'. Just plain ole Joe. Nice looking phone....er, computer....umm.....for a man. This machine is bulky but refined. It's definately not for small hands or tight pockets. I was really excited about this machine. Like everyone else, I watched the hype promotions #about a dozen times per day#, clicked all the reviews and waited like a kid in a candy store. But alas, my expectations where wiped out with frustration. Maybe it's just my phone but here's what's happening:1) The screen's kinetic scrolling annoys me. My friends IPhone 3Gs and HTC Hero are beautiful to 'play' with. With MY 900, the screen hitches from time to time, or it opens applications that you do not want to open. I can't believe even my wife's 5800 music express does this far easier. Nokia!!!2) I cannot delete the contacts who send me SMS!! Huh????? What if I don't want my wife to know that Mariah or Lady Ga-Ga just messaged me? I have used all the phone delete features and nothing happens to the messages! The text disappears but the senders still remain. NOKIA!!!! Grrrrrr!!3) I have to tap on the upper right hand 'close icon' too many times before it closes my appplications. And some of the applications will not open with a single neither a double tap. I have to tap it as if I am sending Morse code. Jeeeez Nokia!!4) Want to delete a particular call from the call log? Yeah right. It's not happening on my phone. I have to delete the whole listing. Grrrrrr!!!!5) Ok, so it's not really a phone, but couldn't Nokia have made it so you can just press a button and the phone pad comes up #in portrait mode#? Why do I have to slide out the keyboard to wake up the phone THEN search the phone for the phone icon THEN.......jeeez!!6) My volume buttons work, but the sound levels remain constant until it goes mute.........You know what people, I think I got a klunked up phone. I wished I was having as much fun as the other owners. Boo hoo hoo. I just wrote to Nokia so I may have to send back my klunker. Will there be a N910? May wait for that one instead.

IT REALLY IS A MINI COMPUTER, WITH THE ADITTION TO MAKE CALLS, AS A PHONE IS NOT THE BEST YET, AS IT LACKS SOME SERVICES, BUT THAT REALLY IS BECAUSE IS NOT MAKING CALLS THE FIRST PURPOSE OF THIS COMPUTER SO IF YOU WANT A PHONE THIS IS NOT THE ONE, YET WAIT FOR MORE APPS AND MORE FIRMWARE UPDATES, IF YOU WANT A MICROCOMPUTER THERE ISNT A BETTER ONE IN THE MARKET!!

I had this phone/minicomputer for about a week and I've tested most of its functions-not a single problem so far.First of all, I have to say that this phone is very fast and responsive right out of the box-maybe due to the fast CPU.Both pictures and videos are very clear and sharp. The video is a bit grainy in very low light but that's expected.Of course, the most attractive part of the phone is its high resolution screen-video and maybe movies look great on the screen-then add the extra animation like effect when closing any app/window-great extra.And both  music and video players are well designed and fast-better than the n97- and the speakers sound is great and have clear sound without excessive base.Since, it's Linux based, I hope somebody sometime int he future writes an app to have a virtual desktop-like Windows maybe?Overall, the N900 is a pretty well advanced/very fast phone/mini computer, has great video/photo capability and it's highly customizable.N900 Pros and ConsPros:1. Bright and sharp screen resolution.2. Better video resolution than most phones: 800x4803. Very responsive to touch and very fast to open/close apps.4. Virtual keyboard is best I've seen on any phone-including Iphone.5. Slide out keyboard has a computer-like feeling and functionality.6. Ability to customize menus/apps/windows.Cons:1. Video has no light-like the N97.2. Camera has less functions than the N97-No sequence taking-3. No hand-writing? Maybe it's no needed.4. A bit bulkier than the N97

In my opinion this company is notorious for using patents in their cell phones without paying the companies that invented the technology a dime. Who cares how good the phone is when they are ripping off our (US companies) technology to build it.Read about it here: [...]Excerpt...OVERVIEWBecause of the disarray, variations, and confusion associated with implementation of Second Generation (2G) mobile communication systems, organizations were established to control and unify standards for 3G (and now 4G).  The unification of these organizations (ARIB - Japan; ATIS - USA; CCSA - China; ETSI - Europe; TTA - Korea; and TTC - Japan) culminated in the establishment of the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP).  Members are bound to and obligated by 3GPP IPR Policies to declare essential patents in a timely manner, and participants must agree to license that declared IPR to all members on FRAND (fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory) terms.  Utilization of this IPR may be executed while FRAND rates are being negotiated.It is important to understand that Interdigital joined ESTI (and ARIB and ATIS) in 1999, as one of the few non-manufacturing members.  The manufacturers had the advantage of cross-licensing their IPR amongst each other; however, non-manufacturers had nothing of value to cross-license.  Remuneration was only through direct revenue from IPR royalty rates.The 3GPP's request for support of their proposed anti-trust exemption received unilateral approval from Japanese, European, and U.S. government oversight bodies, thereby negating the need for usual and ordinary regulatory scrutiny governing matters of mobile wireless industry fair trade.  Armed with this approval of the 3GPP request, a scheme receptive to 3GPP members (currently 345 partners) targeted high IPR demands of U.S. R&D; non-manufacturers, Qualcomm and Interdigital. Finland's Nokia Corporation would become the designated sole litigant for the original cartel; Ericsson and Motorola would remain on the sidelines, later to be joined by Samsung.As an indirect consequence of action by the DOJ and direct consequence of Nokia's sustained litigation against Qualcomm, Interdigital, and now Apple, Pennsylvania based IPR developer Interdigital has received zero 3G IPR royalty-licensing fees since inception from MEN and certain others.

I took my SIM card and MicroSDC card out of my E71 and back into the Nokia N900.I wrote a review on an N900 that I ordered a while ago. The unit I received then, rebooted constantly until it just would not boot at all. Come to find out, a lot of units had this problem. I guess this was my punishment for getting a first round batch. Luckily, the unit I have now has restored my faith in open-source hybrids (computer/phone).Why did I purchase another unit after getting a 3rd degree (burned)? I'm hardheaded. I wanted it to be a good handset. I was not let down. No reboots, not one. I have installed a lot of the available applications (I don't like saying Apps). Setup numerous email accounts, Skype still runs great. Although WiFi connections caused a worse delay in the conversation (latency) in Skype, but would be nice to have video chats.I took this unit to the job and a couple of co-workers thought it was a cool little device. One of our network administrators, thought about getting one, just by checking out the ssh into a router.Only negatives I can think of is the fact that LEAP/PEAP settings need tweaking. The screen is a little small, even though anything larger than 4" may cause more radiation going into your brain. The next release, N90X should have a 4" screen with a QWERTY keyboard. That would great. I am not a Linux guru (not Nokia's fault) so I can't develop my own applications yet.I am glad I stayed with Nokia on this one. If I would have gotten another lemon, I would have probalbly gotten a Nexus One. Thank goodness I am hardheaded.

There has been a lot said about N900 here, so I would like to emphasize only one thing:This phone (and only very few other mobile devices can) that allows for Skype video calls. I talk with my family and friends across the world with video, while on my morning commute on a bus - now that is awesome!

[Edit - Jan 24, 2010 Update:Two firmware updates a couple weeks ago so after testing, time for an update: If you NEED bluetooth like I do and don't plan to carry two phones/devices to have bluetooth available, read on.So little progress has been made and I have seen far too many bugs/enhancements closed as WONTFIX that I am dropping this to 1-star based on current state, 2 updates and price to value in comparison with other devices that have launched/will launch in the next month or so. I'll change the rating depending on next update - length of wait will be factored in. I see a lot of bashing for people who give low reviews so I expect I'll hear about this.I'll start by quoting Nokia from bug 6766 regarding bluetooth problems on the phone. This came after the major PR1.1 update:"As far as making all issues go away, I don't think that's physically possible since Bluetooth and WLAN share the same antenna in the N900. Some WLAN operations, such as searching for access points, take over the antenna almost completely."All the bluetooth bugs still exist, some are made worse by PR1.1.Note: regardless of what people say, there is NO way, zero, none, nada, to turn off the wifi radio via graphical interface. You can probably do so via CLI if you are very advanced with Linux and not worried about re-flashing, but that's not practical. You can take several steps to make it "less active", but it is still running - easiest to see is choose "Internet Connections" from the status area and it will show all wifi APs even though you think it is disabled. Nokia closed an enhancement request to allow customers to fully disable the wifi radio as WONTFIX.The major update of the two, known as PR1.1, was eagerly awaited and expected to fix a lot of problems including the well known, very active, bluetooth bugs. Nothing I listed has been addressed and the firmware addressed a few minor things overall-nothing major. Important to note that the manifest list posted for PR1.1 lists A LOT of bugs as fixed that were actually fixed before the phone was released. I have noticed a lot of people's tones have changed since the disappointing update.PR1.1:Bluetooth: The PR1.1 update did help some who had a lot of issues with 'stuttering' on bluetooth (music and calls). For most of us, it didn't. One person who initially seemed happy and said he'd live with it came back a day or two later and said it's not fixed. Long story short, read bug 6766 on maemo's bug site. For me and others, PR1.1 has increased disconnections to a point that I don't bother trying to use BT now. It essentially disconnects immediately. When I was testing PR1.1, a couple times the connection lasted several minutes, but the majority is instant disconnect. If you need bluetooth, I would hold off.Portrait mode: They are working towards it, that's good. The browser has a partial implementation now (it's nice for one handed reading, good formatting, but not complete). Tip: you have to hit a combination of shift+ctrl+O to activate it; it works with keyboard slider in only. To disable, shift+ctrl+O again. However, I have 'remnants' of the future with my desktop sticking in portrait randomly requiring a restart. Not a huge deal unless you are in a hurry to make a call.USSD codes: The *#nnn#nnnnnn# to do many controls on your phone like say, enable full forwarding since it is not available in the interface or check prepaid balance, etc. etc. They fixed a couple codes: show your IMEI and show the software version (both available in settings | 'about phone' right next to each other). They closed this bug as fixed - a lot of very unhappy people on this one. I think Nokia (well, probably Maemo since they don't know phones yet) really underestimated how important this is - it is clear from the huge bug thread that a lot of the codes people need are surprising to them.Maps: It starts up a little quicker. A few minor tweaks that aren't worth mentioning. I was hoping I could at least do routing to an address. You can, but open your browser and go to google maps.Anything else I don't mention, there is nothing to mention. It was an underwhelming update that decreased battery life further, addressed several small issues. Some had ZERO votes and only 1 person involved with the ticket and it was very small - e.g. RDS name in the FM transmitter???. Clearly poor prioritization.Other stuff: The battery charges much faster now, but it also drains much faster. There are some great apps starting to show in the pipeline. A lot of hard work from the community going on and new things are showing up daily in devels and testing repositories. They just aren't hitting extras (production) fast enough.BTW - my review is not meant to be 'negative' - I am simply stating known issues that a potential buyer may not know. I just haven't repeated the positive or taken the speculative position of hoping to see the potential realized. My intent is very simple: provide a different view that isn't one of infatuation that simply repeats the specs on the Nokia site. Provide information that would have had me think twice before purchasing. I know what you might be thinking: would I repurchase it now? No. Not then and not now.End update]---------------------------I've had the N900 over a month so I'm familiar enough with the N900 now to write comfortably.I had high expectations and loved the N900 for the first 2-days. Every day since I've grown more disappointed. I should have sent it back for a refund w/in the first couple weeks (pre-ordered from Nokia). But, I was optimistic on the potential, which has withered as I've watched Nokia/Maemo do not-so-amazing things on [...]. The N900 is not complete - not even close. They've left out a lot of what we have grown to love and expect with other current smartphones (this really doesn't qualify as a tablet). Time on[...] has me very discouraged. They are very focused on Maemo 6 and it's obvious they consider Maemo 5 primarily in maintenance mode.I am still amazed that they released the N900 as is. Bugs, I expect, but I didn't expect it to be missing some very basic features that are now standard. I also didn't expect them to turn actual bugs into low priority enhancements or completely dismiss them as "WONTFIX".---------------------------------------Some quotes from Maemo/Nokia on [...]:If the reporter expects the feature to be officially supported then it is a WONTFIX [common comment]I think I can resolve this as WONTFIX entirely, since the feature can be perfectly covered by the community. [This is to create a function to disable/enable wifi]Isn't "Settings -> About" a more user-friendly way to look up the same? [This is about the lack of support of using USSD codes - simply weird]---------------------------------------One review mentioned it's built with steel, aluminum, rubber and plastic. Wish I could find more than plastic. It is very 'plasticky', feels fat, heavy and it looks cheap - nothing like the picture. It looks & feels like a digital camera you might have purchased 5-years ago. How did DROID get essentially the same internals into such a thin form factor and Nokia managed to make it look 10-years old?There are many positives about the N900 (and it does have strong *potential*). Many were written about. I won't re-write them. However, I will note many 'gotchas' that you would not expect from a 'flagship' phone from any manufacturer. The aggregate of the gotchas add up to borderline unusable (in my opinion). I'm not going to list everything, but will put down what would have me think twice about buying. I should have waited for an update or two. I can't say it looks promising though.Below are known issues. One is not confirmed by Maemo/Nokia, but the majority are WONTFIX or being left to the "community" (i.e. not Maemo/Nokia) - with a couple pushed for *consideration* for Maemo 6 (Harmattan). Bluetooth they "think" may be fixed in a future update. USSD codes they seem to be looking at (but haven't seen a confirmation of fix).I have noticed Nokia leaves it for the community to implement many basic features. Why would they bother with basic features for one of the most expensive phones out there? Even if you want an open platform and are familiar with Maemo, you wouldn't (least I don't) expect them to push so much to be done by the community. Android doesn't take things that far - sure, it's 'mostly' open, but they package the basics with the Android builds.- OS: It appears Fremantle (Maemo 5 that comes on the N900) is essentially in maintenance mode already. I've spent weeks on[...] and watched as they apply "WONTFIX" to many basic features that were reported as missing, marked true bugs as enhancements and low priority (e.g. doesn't allow you to use USSD codes - *#...#), sent enhancement requests to their "brainstorming" site, and many requests they accept are assigned to *possible* Harmattan (Maemo 6) inclusion.What does this mean? It's possibly outdated already.- LINUX: Better know Linux. Due to the lack of settings and missing granularity in those that exist, you'll need to know Linux to make many changes/check certain settings. If you do, it's just a pain to make changes via the terminal rather than using a GUI.- SETTINGS: There are very few settings. The settings that exist have very little granularity. No easy wifi on/off, only two profiles (general and silent) with very little available to configure. Click 3-4 times just to change the display brightness. No way to set a 'home' desktop that you and I are used to -nor is there a way to get to a particular desktop easily besides using both hands and swiping. Plenty more.- BLUETOOTH: Nearly unusable. There are two major, known issues: 1) it uses the same antennae as WiFi so if you have wifi on (takes 7-steps to disable it fully), bluetooth headsets are unusable: too much static heard on both ends, A2DP music has static and pauses, file transfers run around 20kbps and disconnect often. 2) Constantly disconnects. Live in a state/country where you must use hands-free while driving? Don't like holding the phone to your ear for long calls? Want to type while on the phone? Want mobility while you talk? You can't. It disconnects anywhere from instantly to several minutes. Upon disconnection, the sound doesn't transfer to the handset. It normally takes a power cycle to get things reoriented.- WIFI: Looking for an easy way to disable wifi when not using it? Sorry, we're not talking 1-2 steps for Android or 3 for iPhone, it takes 7-steps to disable (you have to assume it's disabled - no way to tell if the radio is off and maemo/Nokia haven't said for sure) and re-enable. Reported as a bug on [...] - they consider it an enhancement, pushed it off to Harmanttle as possible inclusion and said they'll let the community write something for Maemo 5 (nothing in the pipeline as of this writing). Hope you don't need to disable/enable wifi often.- BLUETOOTH KEYBOARD: Sorry. Several other smartphones support, but the N900 doesn't. I have an N810 and many of us expected the N900 to take its place as a tablet, but with a phone. Nokia/Maemo's official response? Not supported it and it won't be. They've marked several submitted bugs on this as WONTFIX. There is a way to get a BT keyboard to pair (if you know Linux), but don't bother, it doesn't support typical PC-105 layout and only some letters will work.- LANDSCAPE: I didn't think landscape would be that bad. It supports portrait in phone (if you can get it to move to portrait), but that's it. It is a BIG pain, especially if you want to use the device with one hand. Just entering a 5-digit PIN to unlock with one hand is very difficult. It might be livable, but the implementation is very poor.- MAIL FOR EXCHANGE (MfE): Far too many bugs to mention here. Barely usable - supports HTML now, but a few steps backward everywhere else. I'll hit a few: Doesn't properly map fields (both contacts and calendar), doesn't synchronize updates properly, doesn't seem to properly support the EAS protocol in general, won't properly synch with Google's EAS implementation (they said this isn't supported), etc.- MAPS: Can't use maps without a network connection. If you download map files - still no go. Also, Ovi Maps 1.0 takes ~10-minutes (sometimes longer) to locate your position. GPS is on, but Maps shows it's not active much of the time. I've found no way to route to an address; only two options: point to it on a map or type in a city/state/country in a search dialog - can't search for an address. Very slow.  Pretty much useless unless you want to know you are sitting on the right couch. No clue what Nokia was thinking with this.- GPS/CAMERA: If you want proper geo-tagging, you'll need to buy another device. GPS on, but photo is not tagged. It will tag sometimes if you have network positioning on.- BASICS: Are you looking for standard/basic functionality that your other phones you've had over the last few years have? The N900 is missing a lot. Far too many to list, but in addition to what's already been mentioned a few are: word suggestion is poor with no auto-correct (even a standalone "i" is not capitalized and it doesn't work in some areas), can't use USSD codes, no unconditional call forwarding, can't select different ring tone for contacts, can't mark contacts to automatically go to VM, can't change amount of ring time before going to VM, etc.- EMAIL CLIENT: Tinymail-based (not bad). Very poor implementation and the email client is very limited. Can't highlight text and copy, doesn't synch any folder but inbox and sent (you can view other IMAP folders, but if you delete an item - it's gone for good - no synch and no trash on N900, drafts stay on phone, etc.). Maemo/Nokia are on record saying this will never happen because "it's too complex" (common saying[...]), but look for it in Harmattan - maybe. Doesn't auto-fill/suggest as you type a name in TO/CC/BCC. No choice to return to inbox after deleting a message - you can only view the next message.- EMAIL CLIENT: Have to confirm each and every delete. There is no option to remove confirmation. If you deal with a high volume of email, it's a big irritant. It's been submitted as an enhancement request with Nokia's current response as "It would be interesting to how popular such request is" :-/ Weird that such basic functionality in every email client (mobile or not) that I can think of isn't on the N900 or its roadmap.Very poor email client - worst I've seen on a mobile device in years.This doesn't include all issues, but the review is long enough. Hopefully it helps with a bit of a different perspective by someone who has gotten over the infatuation and spent a lot of time working with Nokia/Maemo.

My personal experiences with the N900 have been mixed.1st, with carriers (Service Providers).  ATT was who my service provider was for a very long time.  This phone was purchased without me really knowing that I couldn't get 3G speeds for data through ATT, regardless, I had planned to stick with ATT until I received terrible and frustrating customer support.  Combined with their unfair business practices, I dropped ATT and moved to T-Mobile.  I will cover that later, but first will give a little bit of a spin on ATT's business practices that I hope you take into consideration and decide to abandon ATT.1.  ATT tries to do everything to get their customers on a contract.  I don't want to be on a contract, which is _one_ reason I purchased an unlocked phone.  In my case, I did not have any subsidized hardware and wanted to simply combine with wife under the family plan; however, in doing that, they wanted me to go on an 11 month contract, upgrade my hardware (even though I told them I didn't need to) and they wanted to take away my roll over minutes that I had accumulated (paid for).  Customer service is terrible:  you never get the same answer from two different people, you never get to speak to the same person, and always end up repeating the same information each time).2.  DATA PLANS:  ATT no longer has an unlimited data plan.  Not a big deal for the majority of customer and I would have probably been in the same boat.  But, their change was to reduce the cost of an unlimited plan by $5 and make it limited to 2GB of data.  Current options:  $15 for 300 MB or 25 for 2048 MB (2 GB).  Explanation from ATT was that they had too many complaints from people that they didn't want to have to pay for unlimited data they were not using.  Argh!3.  DATA PLAN IS NOT OPTIONAL:  If you get a smart phone, ATT will FORCE you to get a data plan.  Sure, some of us are content to use the enhanced features of our smartphone without a cell phone data plan (ie:  wifi when available).  With ATT you are NOT given a choice... so if you plan on staying with ATT, may as well get a subsidized phone and save some money, cause they will get it out of you regardless!  (Note:  If you are a long time ATT customer, you may be grandfathered in to not having to have this requirement, check and then check again with a supervisor if you are told otherwise... they will LIE to get you on contract.)4.  Teathering.  The N900 works great for teathering.  I use ubuntu and it connect very easily.  Note in #2, that you are now paying for a quantity of data instead of an unlimited amount of data per device.  In order to teather with ATT, they will charge you a fee that will permit you to teather, BUT you will get no additional band width.  Data still comes from your 2GB limit (or your plan you are on).  In that case, you are being billed twice for the same amount of data.  ROBBERY!!!T-Mobile has a no contract, voice/text/data plan.  It is also cheaper than ATT.  My concern was that I would have less coverage than ATT; however, it should be noted there is no charge for roaming (voice/data) and that T-Mobile will roam on ATT networks (and vice versa).  Issue would be with Data only where you will not get 3G speeds on an ATT network because of the band that ATT uses (n900 doesn't support it).  So, I get the same coverage I had before with 3G speeds when on T-Mobile, no contract, unlimited data, and a phone that works around the world (unlocked phones do).You should be made aware that ATT phones are usually hamstrung and not only are locked (not be able to use local sim in other countries) but also have some standard features removed (ie:  Android is locked down and you can only get apps from ATT official sanctioned sources.  The teathering application is one that they have blocked).Enough of my Rant about ATT and on to N900.  My experience has been love/hate with the phone.  One needs to remember that the n900's telephone applications are new and this phones predecessors were strictly internet tablets/devices without phone features.  Consequently, I have found the phone apps, calendar, address book, and todo list are missing features I relied on when using my palm treo 650.  That said, they all work well for what they provide.  This phone also has Skype built in and it is tightly integrated with the phone / address book.  So tightly integrated that you would probably miss the feature if you didn't know it was there.  Go into this phone with the mindset that you may not have access to all of the features that we now expect from a phone; however, you are getting a vastly more powerful device in many regards that can do things no other device can do.Where the n900 shines is the power.  I can do things that I just can't do on other phones.  I can run full java applications, full versions of office applications, I can get to web sites (bar none, best web browser on any phone) that other phones cant even touch right now and get the content.  A couple of examples that are important to me:  Full version of Dropbox, Zoho Office, Yahoo Mail and prior to Hulu upgrade to flash 10, Hulu.  The open source applications are still growing and there are some very strong alternatives there.  The down side is that the Application Store doesn't have a lot of support and is missing a lot of applications that you will get for Android / iPhone.  This is just because the n900 doesn't have wide acceptance and, sadly, won't due to the future switch to MeeGo for Nokia phones.I echo most of what the previous reviewer said.  I found it to be very accurate.  I would like to note that if you have or will get this phone and your GPS just doesn't seam to lock in very fast or not at all, change the Location Server from [...].  I went from minutes on cold start to seconds.  Recommended GPS App:  Mappero.  Works well, had GPS info screen (ie: number of satelites), and is still in development.Finally, don't be turned off by the resistive touch screen (as opposed to the capacitive touch screen).  While you don't have "multi-touch" support, you get a feature you can't do with iPhone/Android/future MeeGo.  I can use the stylus and take hand written notes, scribble notes on a PDF document with "ink", etc.  If you want a device that you can actually take notes on, this is your baby.  Recommended applications:  Xournal (good, pdf notate, export final to pdf), PenPen (great and fast note taker.  More flexible & faster for writing than Xournal).  Also note, that the "application manager" give a tremendous access to all kinds of free applications.Keyboard is frustrating at first (i so wish I had shift, ctrl, & fn keys on both sides of keyboard), but it is infinately more comfortable than the Motorola Droid.Battery Power:  One of the set backs of this device.  As the previous reviewer noted, it eats power with 3G and wifi.  I use a application called WifiSwitcher (turns on/off the wifi) and AutoConnectionManager (disconnects idle connections -- it is configurable) to vastly increase battery life.Video Out:  Works well.  Install MPlayer though and you will be able to output most video.Would I get this phone again:  Probably.  If I didn't, then I would get a newer Android 2.2 device (not ATT subsidized due to their lock down).Hats off to Nokia for this device.  I so wish that they would put Flash 10.1 in.RECOMMENDED ACCESSORIES:-- Car Charger,-- Second Battery Source (I use the Nokia DC-11, but there are others that will recharge device without a plug available -- great for long international flights when you want to watch a lot of moives with your phone or read a long e-book)  Nokia link for extra power:  [...]--  a good screen protector (The resistive screens are MUCH easier to scratch, and if dirty and using stylus/finger, watch out!)  I am using this protector:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XZM0YY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleRECOMMENDED CARRIER:  T-Mobile.  If you have ATT, drop them and let them know exactly why.  My T-Mobile Plan info: [...]

nokia n900 is a very powerful mobile computer, it is not a regular phone. its web browser is great. the multi-tasking capability is second to none. when you have mulitple windows open, it is very easy to switch between. one great feature is that you can use copy (ctrol-c) and paste (ctrl-v) between apps like note and phone books etc. i like the tv-out feature.another good feature is the x-terminal. you can use vi there to do anything you like. i installed gcc compiler and it works fine. that is one of the feature i like and makes me buy this phone.however i like and hate it: since it does not support Chinese input properly. after i installed Chinese input, the symbols keys are not working. the keyboard and screen is a kind of small.

The phone was average when it came out but has got worse. Every time it gets new firmware update less of the apps are compatible hence making the phone worse. The media player is poor, but with apps this is made passable now a number of the apps will not work, probably because memo appears to be going to be discontinued for meego. So what is the point of writing or updating apps. The phone does not have flash 10 so a number of web sites do not open correctly and a number of the vidios do not play.

I have been using the Nokia N900 for a little over a week; (Amazon shipped it very quickly, btw). I have always owned Nokia mobile phones, and I've always done my research when parting with a substantial amount of money for any product. It was no different with the N900. So I was well aware of the 'learning curves' people had experienced, and mine was also a small learning curve, but a learning curve nevertheless.Let me start by saying I love this phone. It does everything I wanted in a mobile, and more. Yes there are some necessary caveats to go with this phone because it is quite a different set up to what one might be used to, even a Nokia fan. Yes I did have to download a few things and install them, just to get it up to the usual 'Nokia standard' for things like a few more different Profiles (only General and Silent are available), and Picture Messaging (MMS) which isn't built-in at all, but can be with a little app called fMMS. But why Nokia decided to leave basic things like this off one of their phones is a mystery to me. But not a big problem either.One of the best things I like is being part of the Maemo online community. Maemo is the operating system of the phone, and the maemo dot org community is an amazing collection of owners and/or developers who answer your questions quickly and informatively. You quickly learn that this isn't your run-of-the-mill Nokia handset, but a one-off device that has an interesting open-source OS, which naturally lends itself well to having thousands and thousands of interested people to connect and discuss with. Maemo is soon to be 'outstepped' by MeeGo, a Nokia and Intel venture, but that story is for 2011.Maemo is a great OS, and it is quick, fun and easy to grapple with. I say easy, but only if you can accept that sometimes you might have to think beyond ABC and green button/red button simple user interactions. You have to learn that, for example, tapping on the top left corner of the menu screen brings you back to the desktop/dsahboard, even though there is nothing there to press! Not even an icon! You have to learn that the icon made up of 6 little sqaures takes you to the menu, the icon with the 2 larger sqaures (these are in the same spot, upper left) takes you back to your open applications. I can see this sort of thing being an impossible nightmare to explain to somebody's grandparents or to somebody that isn't the sharpest tool in the box, but for most people with a brain that they use often, it's a piece of cake. Once you've learned that this is how it works, you're all set.Other PROS:>> Superb hardware, no cheap feeling at all (hardly ever with Nokias and this is no exception). A good feel in the hand, top quality.>> Excellent call quality and loud speaker. Very clear voices on calls.>> Touch-screen is bright and responsive. It's resistive, not capacitive, so no pinch-zooming, but it responds well.>> Keyboard makes it a dream to text or email. The on-screen keypad is an added bonus, I don't use it much, but it's also very responsive.>> The 4 scrollable desktops are cool and easy to customize (widgets, shortcuts etc)>> Typing emails and texts is an enjoyable breeze. Texts are placed in a Blackberry-style Conversations folder, so your back-and-forth texts with Derek can be seen and read easily all on one pane, but your texts with George are on a different pane - really easy to understand and use.>> Great apps (ones you actually find useful, not fart-noise apps, or apps that are just web links) via both ovi store and the Maemo sites. Plenty of tested, trusted apps that will please basic users like me (games, spirit level, flashlight type apps) and more complex, programmer-type apps. All free (so far!)>> After learning how to navigate, Ease of use is definitely there in the Pros section. It just looks so cool!>> Connection to my laptop (either via USB or Bluetooth) works just fine for transferring files and backing up contacts, etc. Ovi Suite for PC works well with the N900 - but I'm still waiting for the Mac version. Don't they have Macs in Finland??!>> Amazing web experience. It's the closest to using the web on a computer, and it's fast.Some CONS:>> Battery life is not great. There are some things users have advised me to do (thanks to the Maemo community for these tips!) that have extended the battery life a lot. Tinkering with some settings so that the 3G connection is only active if I want it (say for accessing the web) and the same for the WiFi connection. Switching the screen off as soon as I'm done using it and not having loads of widgets running in the background. If you don't tinker like that, expect about 8 hours of medium use, less if you're doing a lot, like surfing the web. I've bought a 2nd battery just in case and I top-up charge via my work pc with the USB lead.>> No paper user manual (ok, we can all be 'green' and use the pdf version but I had to assume there was one, and luckily there is!) But nowhere in the box does it say, "Visit www blah Nokia blah slash blah and download the PDF from here." A bit annoying, seeing as there is actually PLENTY to learn.>> Lack of simple things like MMS, automatic switching to portrait mode for everything (it's ok for web and phone mode), profiles and a Search tool (although all these things CAN be done by downloading apps and tinkering. It's just that many people wouldn't want to bother with any of that nonsense, and would prefer it all to be there straight out of the box, and after using Nokia phones for this many years and paying $400 for the N900, I kind of agree with them.>> No actual, official Google apps, but the Nokia email program works just fine with Gmail. No Google Maps app either, you're stuck with using Google Maps via the webpage, or Nokia Maps...>> Nokia Maps. Awful. Well not completely awful, but put side-by-side with just about every other Nokia phone from the last 2 years, and it's a joke. There is no voice navigation on the N900's Nokia Maps, and it hasn't even been updated. Which is not the same story with, say the N97 or even the E75, which both have version 3 (I think) and voice turn-by-turn. BUT there is a program called Mobile Maps (inc. voice instructions) you can download for the N900, but it's about $60. Boohoo, unfair.Overall, once you get past the first few days with plenty of "Oh! That's cool!" and "Ah, THAT'S how you do that," moments, you can't help but love the N900. It's a great looking phone that does almost everything else other smartphones do, but being open source is great because if some bright geek comes up with a great app, you can have that for free, rather than being prescribed it by the big corporation.Bottom line: It's well made, works quickly and effectively and is fun to use. If you want something a little different but that is still an excellent interface and experience, the Nokia N900 is for you. If you have trouble programming a DVR or a microwave, I'd stick with those $30 phones if I were you!  :)

Amazing device. Definitely, as others have said, a computer first and phone second, but it's hardly a criticism. Browsing experience is seriously second-to-none (really, like a desktop), no lags, great multi-tasking, and beautiful and responsive touch screen. Email and contact set-up/integration w/ Skype, GoogleTalk, etc. couldn't be easier; no problems either w/ Exchanger setup.Battery life could be better, and it's not the thinnest device available, but an absolute workhorse. Device is really somewhere between netbook/smartphone.

I just got the phone month ago and I like this phone it is amazing. I have at&t contract I wish to like buy a iphone but I have to pay extra $ 30.00 for the data plan that's why I didn't buy the iphone. I like the touch screen and I connect with my tv it's amazing.  I cant say anything but good things about this phone if you get one you will never regret it this phone is well worth the wait to get one.

This Phone is A W E S O M E. That is a few i can say about it. TO be more detailed, I'd like to mention several features that make N900 superior to other mobile phones.First of all the touch screen is very finger-friendly and for 2 month untill now I havent yet used a stylus that is supported.Keyboard is even better. Well after N82 (that has relatively small and narrow buttons)it was a bit strange to work with qwerty keyboard, but now i say: there is no a better keyboard than that.SMS and Skype chats are displayed very comfortable. Every time you recieve an sms or IM and write one for answer, those chat windows are displayed one above another.Maemo itself (that is the OS of N900) works VERY quick. Lots of usefull applications can be found over internet that one can install on this phone.Camera is awesome. Compared to my N82 camera that is 5 megapixel Carl-Zeiss optical lens, N900 camera shoots pictures with much better quality/widescreen resolution.Internet browsing became more advanced after you can watch flash player content on web, like Youtube etc.Well battery life could be better. If you have your N900 all the time connected to a wireless network and install applications, browse web, take pictures and listen to music then your battery will hardly last one day. But only for conversations and sms, this phone battery can easily last 2 days.Compared to N810, this model is much more improved, faster and is compatible with GSM.What I dont like is that i can't see my online skype friends unless they dont call me or send IM.Thank you and, I realy recomend to buy N900 if you like to have the Jet-Fighter of the modern phones.

I have been using smartphone since Motorola MPX200, MPX220,A1200 Ming, SmartFlip. Well, I am looking to replace my Iphone 3G factory unlocked because the TMobile 3G Network and the battery life.I bought the Nokia N900 and play around for couple of days, and here is what I returned it back.- Not MS Exchange 2003- Landscape mode only- I could not find any configuration for better battery life- I prefer Capacitive Screen instead of Resistive- How come it has 5megapixel camera, and my 3G has better picture quality.And for that amount of money, Nokia could use better casing like E66 and thinner phone. I will wait for the N920 without qwerty that could mean thinner.I read lots of people talking bad about the iphone, but it is the BEST PHONE EVER IN THE PLANET. The best User Interface in the earth where everything is right where it needs to be beside all the limitations from Apple. I wish Apple offer a 1700 3G network.I can not imagine what would be the Iphone 4G... Oh my Gosh!!

A great phone! Fast and powerfull, maemo is an excelente OS with some interesting stuff. It works perfect here in Venezuela.The only weak point is the battery life.

I placed an order for Nokia 900 unlocked on July 4, 2010 and I have been having charging problem since I received the phone. The battery doesn't charge. I have sent it to a cellphone technician to fix it but I still have the same problem. I will be glad to keep the phone if you could fix the charging problem. If not I will like to get a refund for the phone.Thanks for your cooperation.Besr regards,Simeon Okoli

I was in the market for a new phone.  After doing some research, I wanted the n900 above all others.  I enjoy it so much!!!

Being an iPhone owner for over 2 years, I wanted to go for something different and started searching for a good smartphone with decent browsing capabilities, good screen resolution, and a full QWERTY keyboard. Yeah, this phone has got what I was expecting and more than that. I'm totally satisfied. I was able to connect the device with my sony ps3 (over wireless network) and stream video files on it. That was amazing!!!I don't miss my iPhone anymore.

Great phone! has everything you could imagine and more. I am absolutely fascinated with it so far, and still got pleanty to discover as i continue using it. The only problem which all large screen cell phones have is the battery life. You will probably have to charge it on a daily basis, which could be a bit annoying for some people, but so far i don't mind.Cool features:Radio transmiter: Great for listen to your mp3's while you are driving.Capacity: 32gb of memory plus up to 16gb with micro sdVideo playback quality: Excellent quality almost HD in case it actually is HDVideo/Audio output: Great way to take you movies or songs and play them in every home apart from your own'sDual input keybord: Both touchscreen and qwerty as wellOpposite to what i heard in many reviews IT IS NOT DIFFICULT TO USE AT ALL.It is pretty intuitive as well.I don't know why some would call it "a nerd phone" because of its interface. Maybe its oriented to programmers but just because it has a programming console,just that.Very cool it runs with a Linux based OS so you can eventually customize it your way. Also there are a lot of great applications you an download done by the community for free!Overall Excellent phone, very happy with it, would but it a second time

This is a competent and versatile Phone, Internet Browser, Mpg Player, Wi-Fi Hot Spot, FM Radio, FM broadcaster, GPS, and Still and Video Cameras.  It is also a multitasking computer.  This latter feature is the unfulfilled portion of the dream.  There are not as yet "computing" applications I personally need to allow its use as my laptop substitute.  This may happen yet.In the meantime I have all those gadgets in one sleek package.  3G service from T-Mobile is good and I like the auto switching to Wi-Fi when available.  My only beefs so far are the short battery life; sometimes slow response of the touch screen [it has trouble detecting touch when my hands are very dry] and lack of voice dialing of phone calls.  I use it with a Motorola bluetooth stereo headphone which allows control of phone and music without removing it from the bag - except when placing calls.I would recommend this whole-heartedly as is, and even more for it's promise of mobile computing.

I purchased this product to be used in Nigeria because it is unlocked and Quad band. Unfortunately, the star* and pound# keys do not work. I made a call to Nokia and they comfirmed that these keys do not work but attempts are being made to make the next editions work when they might have upgraded the configuration software. The good news is that I called Amzon where I but the device and they have provided me an extention to return them. I will advise any buyer who intends to use them abroad to be sure it is not USA version.

First, let me begin by saying how much I was looking forward to this device (which some were calling an iPhone killer!). I had a Nokia N95 8gb which I loved, but it was getting on. So, I had to start looking for a replacement.Gadget freaks were drooling in anticipation of this device. I love gadgets, but I'm not a technogeek, or a programmer, and don't know linux. I didn't know symbian, either, and never needed to with my previous Nokias. Everything that I needed to work, worked, and I was happy.I saw the promo videos for the N900, and it looked fantastic. It would support video calling, bluetooth, eg all the functionns of my N95 8gb, PLUS a nice, big touch screen, and great web browsing capabilities. I got the N900, in June, 2010. There was an update available immediately, and I installed it.At first, I thought it was great. It was easy to browse the web (if a bit touchy at times, with regard to resizing the screen). Screen was sharp and clear, easy to watch a movie on the plane with the nice little "kickstand" on back. But the battery can't handle much of that, and if you're on a long trip in Economy class with no place to recharge, bring a lot of batteries along because you'll need them. Battery life is positively woeful. And who came up with the idea of locating the memory card under the battery, anyway?I soon began to discover that this phone wasn't all that I'd expected and hoped for, when I was dazzled by all those motion graphics in the Nokia promos. Sure, I could Skype, but not very well (on both LAN and via phone network). I gave that up. Video was too jerky.Next, I discovered that a lot of "basic" features from my 3 previous Nokias, were missing on this one. For example, no contact groups or distinctive ringtones for groups or individuals. Irritating, but I could live with it, I guess (grudgingly). But the complete lack of MMS? That was infuriating! I found an app and installed it, but it doesn't allow any text with the photo. Annoying. And it was 3rd party, not Nokia.I've had the camera lock up on me a few times, to date. The phone had to be shut down and restarted each time.While visiting a popular video site, I was told I needed to update my Flash player (and where to go to do that). But I tried each one on that page (under linux), and none worked. I have no idea why. So no video from that site.The GPS is no good to me, not if I have to keep my eyes on the thing and end up in a ditch.My biggest complaint was the disappointing Calendar. I'd assumed this calendar would have the functionality of previous Nokias. WRONG. It is fiddly, and not user friendly. I positively hate having to scroll through the times to set it (it seems a gadgety thing meant to show off the touch screen functions), and when I went to input events/anniversaries/birthdays via PC suite with alarms, the alarms didn't work. I can set individual "tasks" on the device itself with an alarm (like a meeting or an appointment), but not "events" which repeat (eg birthdays). I really, really hate that part, as the Calendar in previous Nokias worked beautifully for me and was a real asset. It appears that I will have to enter birthdays and such every single year on this device, if I want the reminder alarm (which is handy when I have to call someone overseas to say "Happy Birthday" at the appropriate time for them). Had I known this, I would not have bought this device.I'm sick of hearing iPhone and Android users talking about all the cool apps they can get. What can I get with this (I was lucky to get an app for MMSing, and that capability should have come with the phone. It's expected to come with a mobile phone these days!)? Games? I don't play games. I want genuine applications, and they're seriously lacking. By all the excited anticipation pre-release from the techno-heads, I thought they'd have a million apps written by now. It doesn't look like anyone's doing anything. If someone could please give me back the old Nokia calendar, I'd be very grateful and wouldn't hate this device as much as I'm starting to.Nokia has been absolutely horrible - arrogant to the extreme. They've unleashed this on the public, and are refusing to fix some things, and won't even acknowledge others. It seems they're focused elsewhere. Had I but known that they were moving on from this OS, I would've done the same and kept walking past it to a different manufacturer. I was a dedicated Nokia user, but this is the last one I'll ever own.Sadly, I'm stuck with the N900 for now. But first chance I get, it's gone.

1- There is only two profiles, general and silent. You can not create new profiles like office, outdoor, home, ...2- You can not group your contacts. So you can not set a specific ring tone to a set of contacts.3- You even can not set a specific ring tone to a specific contactMoreover:-The ovi maps for the maps is terrible. It do not has a turn-by-turn gps. The ovi maps for symbian (n97) is MUCH better.-There are not many apps for maemo.-Nokia abandoned this phone. There is no big updates for a while.In resume, Nokia has shown that do not care about customers because they released this phone with a lot of lacks. All my mobile phones until now are nokia, but the next one will not be.

its a good phone but it does have some user interface things that doesn't make any sense.

You can do many thing with this phone like runing super nintendo emulators and has still a lot of potential and the software is still in development by the programers comunity

My kids love this phone! We use it to play movies on our car video (a pair of 9" headrest monitors I bought for about $140). We have over 140 movies loaded into N900 memory (converted with dvd2xvid under Linux).N900 works well as VoIP phone (skype and google) and in places such as private homes or universities (with good wifi coverage), the phone can be used to make and receive calls without any wireless subscription (using inexpensive skype number or a combination of goole services for incoming calls).In general I love this phone, but am totally disappointed by its GPS capabilities.

This is a handheld powerhouse. If you're comfortable with technology, and or a technology professional, you will appreciate this device.Even after owning it for more than a year now, I love this thing. I do carry a primary phone alongside my N900, to keep feeding my hunger for the latest and greatest apps. This is a computer in your pocket. I am able to complete so many administrative tasks, and have a lot of fun.Linux junkies will not believe what you can do with it. Actually, if you're into Linux, you already know by now about the N900.Enjoy.

i got my device today and was very afraid to open it because of the nightmares i read here like dead pixels, mic problems, buggy, pitch black screen, etc.. fortunately, i haven't found any serious problems on my n900. the only issue i found is that it crashed for no apparent reason during the first hour of using it and it crashed again when i turned it on (charger plugged) after it ran out of power when things started to get sluggish and somewhat unresponsive. but after that, it's working smoothly now...after 4 years of not using a nokia phone (whatever series), it took me a while to learn again how things work w/ nokia's interface (looks and usage still feels symbian-ish even it's a different os). i grew up with only using nokia phones since the monochromatic screen days of 5110i till the cutesy 6230 so i can say that i'm kinda familiar with nokia phones. in my opinion, this isn't a device for everyone like the iphone. people may not like it as it's too complicated for their brains and just want to be spoon fed as easy as ABC. it's a computer for crying out loud and not a fashion gimmicky phone like what everybody is expecting for all devices to be. if the os and the processor is stronger than your brain, then this isn't for you...during the years that i haven't been using a nokia device, i had a love and hate relationship with windows mobile 5, 6, 6.1 and a very short time with android's g1. android back then is still an infant and although a stable os, i had the feeling that it's open source-ness isn't really open so i immediately backed off of using it further and i was right. windows 5 and 6 is great as it's like a windows pc version except it's mobile so using it isn't a problem. 6.1 is a nightmare that i don't want to narrate anymore...i must say too that i think a have a fetish with devices with hardware keyboards as my previous devices (htc wizard, kaiser, dream) all has it. it's weird because i don't really use it often and rely on just poking the screen and using the virtual keyboard as much as possible. maybe a subconscious taste for having that feature regardless if weight will be sacrificed...now, i'm using a new os for me as i have no background of using a linux in my entire life. this is my first time so i had doubts before pre ordering it. luckily, it passed my techie taste and hopes that it will have a good future and will be pushed to it's limit before maemo 6 comes out halfway or late next year to kill maemo 5 w/c the n900 is using...nokia is already great for making quality devices. the built is great, sturdy slide-out keyboard, location of things (lock, volume, stylus, usb slot, etc.) is tolerable although allocating it equally on all sides is much better rather than cramping too much beneath and the right side of the device in a portrait mode description. it also wouldn't hurt if they just placed the memory card slot at sim card slot at the back of the screen for easier accessibility like the htc kaiser...pros:* programs open really fast* screen is sharp and bright* virtual keyboard is very finger friendly* built is great* great os and very promising* built in microB browser and firefox beta 5 for maemo eats all those gimmicky browsers out there alive* 1700 mhz 3g (yehey for me!!! XD)* resistive screen is way better for this than capacitive. it gives more accurate inputs w/c is ideal for a computer (that's what nokia is labeling the n900)* not really that thick as some reviews say. it's a bit thinner than htc kaiser and possibly as equal as htc touch pro 2* not as heavy as htc kaisercons:* somewhat a half baked device (hopefully, ovi gives us more app especially fm tuner to activate the feature. maemo org. helps at some point but it's better if nokia supports it too like they do on symbian)* definitely needs a firmware upgrade to support some if not all programs in portrait mode* camera is so-so* a 3g device with a front camera but can't do video call as of now (i know t-mo doesn't have the video call service but european and asian networks that uses the 2100mhz 3g are supported as well as the video call service)* the device stand is really thin and flimsy. it's scary to think that it will break sooner or later* 3 row keyboard and small buttons (htc wizard and kaiser have 4 rows and way bigger buttons. if htc can do it, why can't nokia?)

Really this is a master peice.. i was a lil hessitant while buying the phone.. but all credit goes to the N900 cool design and the userfriendly approach for such a complicated phone.The only thing that pinchs me is the battery life, but then i found that all mart phones have the same issue.So i love this phone.

As a Finnish myself I always been hardcore Nokia fan and had over 10 nokia phones in past. However recent times have been just complete disappointment especially n97 that was my biggest phone disappointment ever!To make my story short I think Nokia still has long way to go to show the world it can make some serious smartphones.Maemo is great and I absolutely love the sleek aesthetic looks and easy IA. It's pretty user friendly with good usability. Also its probably fastest Smartphone Nokia have made so far and I do appreciate flash on the browser as well. Although regarding the flash performance I do have to admit it's somewhat sluggish and might have some performance issues. Surfing in web is just fine but it bothers me that only has landscape mode right now. Maybe fix is on the way?Also I got few internal errors which in one case required me to restart the phone.Ovi is still major disappointment, Nokia seriously needs Google maps for the phone.At the time no Skype was available on the phone... why do advertise Skype for it if u can't provide it on time. Just knowing its available soon is ridiculous, shame on you Nokia!Having serious issues connecting my windows 7 based laptop with phone via Bluetooth, Nokia CS useless as of today Bluetooth doesn't work. Apparently a driver issue. Waiting for update.Screen is gorgeous and probably tops or is on same level with other major Smartphones but what is it with resistive touch screen? Personally I don't like it but it's ok when using stylus.Camera is awesome, 10 points here.No mms, and facebook app is hell battery killer. I actually very much like the stereo sound thing thats well done.Nokia needs to get flash developers to create its apps or it never catches up with others. As of today the maemo app store was still under construction. Just getting something close in enough right is not getting it right. Much of the phones credit am overall satisfied with the phone but there are few issues that Nokia needs to address asap.p.s. Phone arrived what appeared to be damaged or open box have now address this issue with amazon. Amazon customer service is great and very helpful

The Nokia N900 is not for everyone. If all you want to do is make calls and send texts go somewhere else. Maemo 5 is an amazing OS and a breath of fresh air from Symbian. The things this phone can do are simply outstanding. Given it still needs some work but by next year 1st quarter this should be perfected. Its not as heavy as people claim but it is a bit bulky and you will know if its missing from your pocket. This phone so far was worth every penny and Nokia should really put more attention into making this their feature device for the future.

This is a neet little phone.  I didn't take the time to learn all of the functions of this mini mobile device but in the short time I had it I can say that I was impressed.  I personally didn't find it a match for me because of the compact size of the device and I prefer the querery keyboard (which it provides) but with limited space.  My fingers are pretty big so it wasn't a good fit for me.  Also I found out that because I am in the US I would not be able to set up my e mail on the cellular side but wireless works great.  I am not a big fan of trying to find a hot spot.  Those two things alone was the beginning of the end for me but I still thought the phones power, style and uniqueness was refreshing.  Hopes this helps.

I would like to state that I received my order promptly and in good condition. It is evident that Thriftycomputer makes a good effort to deliver in both price and logistics.However, there are issues that I would like to discuss and they definitely prevent me from giving this retailer 5 stars.I bought a Nokia N900 phone from this page:http://www.amazon.com/dp/B002OB49SW/ref=pe_175190_21431760_3p_M3T1_ST1_dp_1I chose Thriftycomputer because it offered the best price for the handset. The problem is that I based my purchase on what it said in the "Technical details" section. Quoting:What's in the Box: handset, battery, travel charger, stereo headset (WH-205), video out cable (CA-75U), cleaning cloth, operating instructionsThe package I got was insted a no-frills package: charger, handset, and battery. That's it. No trace of the USB cable, TV out cable, headphones, etc. Worse, the battery was not a genuine Nokia BL-5J and that fact showed in the extremely poor battery life. The package came with a manual that was for a nondescript Nokia featurephone. The whole package, in fact, was so cheap that I thought the phone was a counterfeit. Thankfully it was legitimate.Later I saw Thriftycomputer's website and I saw the same item. This time it had an accurate description of what was included. But the fact is, the Amazon.com page said otherwise.Maybe another person would have felt scammed by this. But I didn't. I wanted to buy a N900 because I had one and I lost it last April. And I had the good sense of storing all the accesories, as well as a spare Nokia battery. To be fair, the handset was all what I needed and thus the purchase did the job.That's why I'm not giving 5 stars to this purchase. Thanks.

its like having a portable computer all the time. skype, msn everywhere. browser is great, like using on a pc.

Nothing about this phone is smart or useful other than if i were ever to get mugged, it would make a nice weapon with it's bulky weight.  A device like this should do something well and all others average to poor. universally this ranks poor.  The touch screen sensitivity is horrible - practically have to punch it, the voice quality is bad, email sync is slow as it tends to keep everything on the server which means each email takes time to load, doesn't play most of the video formats, i could keep going but won't bother.  Nokia releasing this phone into the market is a joke.  No wonder they're tying up with Microsoft on phone.  Don't buy this phone... no matter what

This phone is great and I'm really pleased I purchased it.Some notes and things to consider:PROS:1.  The phone is logical, and works like I want it to.  No massive menu trees to navigate...2.  The internet is pretty fast.  I can d/l pretty large files and watch video over the web.3.  It's LINUX, so it actually works!4.  Excellent product support.  Linux brings nice people out of the woodwork who are helpful if you have questions.  And it isn't propietary like the "Linux-based" (but still propietary) Google phone.5.  Lots of advanced functionality.  Good camera, etc.  This thing is a computer:  not just a "smart phone."6.  Lots of good applications.  Especially science and math applications.  These are all FREE.7.  Lots of storage space.  It's better than the iPhone in that respect - and doesn't require AT&T.;CONS:1.  This phone is quiet.  It's loud enough to use as a phone (and comes with good ear buds), but not as an alarm clock.2.  It's difficult to buy any accessories for it.  Buying a good case was a challenge.3.  The keyboard is too small.  It works ok -- but takes some getting used to.4.  There are some features that I'd like to change, but there's no interface that allows for it.Absolutely worth the price.  Works well -- and isn't a POS Windows phone that will implode if you look at it the wrong way.

I bought it for the only purpos of downloading as many applications as possible in particular the islamic ones, but a very few number of them is compatible with this phone. The islamic ones, none is compatible.

Before I purchased this phone, I spent a lot of time reading reviews to decide if this was what I wanted.  Obviously, there were concerns that I hoped would be overcome once I received it. It you want to hear all the ups and downs of this phone, feel free to read multiple reviews to help make your decision.Here were my main concerns:1. The phone is too large: I read this over and over so I was surprised with how small this device actually is. My opinion is that it is about as thick as an iphone with a protective case added on. Being this is a durable phone, they end up being the same thickness when in use. Without a case, an iphone is about 2/3 the total thickness, and being that I prefer a physical keyboard, I have found this phone to be exquisite.2. It is an internet tablet with limited phone functionality:  Again, I was absolutely impressed with the phone aspect after my expectations from reviewers views. My former phone was a t-mobile dash, and it did what it needed to for me. I have not found any 'feature' missing with the phone and have been extremely impressed with voice clarity and speaker volume on t-mobile's network. Dialing is as easy as possible with the contact integration.With those addressed, I was hoping the camera would offer more. Daylight shots are amazingly good, everything I hoped for but the dual LED flash for nighttime shots is less than ideal. Still better than any camera phone I have ever had but I would bring my Canon along if I was doing a lot of dark lighting photos somewhere.To me, this phone as become my phone/ipod/computer and main camera. I use all 48GB of space for music and this phonee works flawlessly for my needs...all reviews I have read have been pretty accurate on how well the internet and media functions work.The one final item that surprised me was how well the stereo speakers work...when I am working out I no longer need to dock an ipod to listen to my music, the speakers on this phone are just as clear as the JBL dock we have.This phone is not cheap, you do need to know what your needs from a phone are before purchasing, but for a power user, this phone allows me to listen to music several hours a day while surfing the internet and receiving emails/phone calls for a full day with no issues of the battery draining.  My wife and I both love our new phones and couldn't be happier with our decision.Pros:-Full internet (best on the market)-Multi Tasking (net/music/games can all be running at the same time)-Call Quality-Camera (daytime)-Wifi/3G speeds on Tmobile-Battery Life-Replaceable battery/physical keyboardCons:-Camera (nighttime)-Google has not released their apps yet (although maps works flawlessy with the web browser).

The  phone  doesn't admit voice dialing.The  GPS is  good ,  but  the OVI maps  doesn't work  like navigator. The  5800 it's better.Only a few apps  that really  aren't important or usefull.The internet  speed  is  slow by wireless,  not  like  you expect.It's  to big  for  the things that  do.The  web browser is good,  the  video  speed  for internet  it's  a joke.it's  a  shame  to  expend money  in this  bad equipment. there  are  a lot  of  equipments  better  and cheaper.Sorry for nokia.

Couldn't wish for more in a mobile computer/communicator. Maemo is and amazing OS: polished and smooth with the latest firmware update. New apps are appearing every day. Go for it, you won't regret it.

I think other reviewers have told enough. I bought this product, it had a dark spot on the screen so I returned it.I didn't buy another one because it was too thick.If you are buying this phone, just be prepared to hear a "holy macro!!!" from your friends when they first see it :))

After seeing all sorts of reviews I was really skeptical about this phone but Amazon's return policy allowed me to try the phone. I bought this phone for my wife who manages her elearning business and I can tell you that she could not be happier. This phone is a solid performer, extremely stable and a workhorse. We have extensively made use of multiple email accounts, compatibility with MS office, skype calling and messenger. I have made calls of up to 2 hrs long over SKYPE without any performance lag. The browser is better than my iphone and other droid browsers. The keyboard is excellent for my wife's purpose since she has to type long emails.Another pleasant surprise is the excellent camera and the integration with facebook, twitter, etc through pixelpipe. The camera quality is very comparable to a point and shoot camera for outdoor and well lit indoor scenes. The video recording is excellent as well. Multi-tasking is where this phone really outshines others. I can take a 2 min video and respond to my emails while the video is uploading.There aren't as many applications available for the phone but that wasnt my purpose to begin with. The GPS is very usable for my purpose. The music player is excellent as well. I was able to add quite a few music stations and I can listen to radio from over 50 countries at the touch of a button. Did I mention the excellent stereo speakers?Improvements: I would love to have the new flash player on this phone. I am quite certain that the open source community would release one. I do wish the battery life were better but dont have problems charging the phone more than once a day. I do use my phone a lot so no complains there. I have a car charger so that takes care of it.  Overall for me, the email tool, browser, music player, skype/gtalk integration, voice calling over 3G, excellent camera and solid stable performance make it a winner over comparable Android phones. I am not interested in gaming but I hear there are some good games available too..

I am using my N900 for a month now and I am so happy with it. It is the best phone in market now. iPhone is nothing in comparison of Nokia N900.

This device may look great, and have a lot of features, however, battery life is terrible, I have to charge it twice a day, and software development fot this phone is very poor... does not have msn live messenger support.. and now, flash player is outdated, and they are not planning on doing an update for this phone, which means that you can not watch facebook youtube videos... and other webpages... so if you get this phone, you will get stuck with a machine that nokia left to rott... I bought it, and I am really dissapointed... you should better get an N97.... I wish I had...

I should start by saying that I'm one who doesn't mind making a few adjustments when leaving an old phone for a new one.  I've been using the N900 for almost 30 days.It is my opinion that most of the negative points in the reviews seem a little extra specialized in nature.  i.e. They aren't really show stoppers for the typical user.  Although some issues are real, I found others to be petty, not quite accurate or already fixed through software updates.  Reading the online (101 page) manual helps too.There is only one real issue with the N900 for me:* Portrait view is supported only in phone function.  A portrait option for all functions would clearly make the N900 easier to handle and use.Things I didn't like at first but now consider non-issues.There isn't a To-Do List but I've learned to use the Task function on Calendar and now, it actually works better than the To-Do List I was using on my previous Nokia.Sound  is not adjustable (no equalizer) when using audio through Media player.  After a couple of weeks, this has become a non-issue.  Essentially, the sound from this unit's two speakers is above average.Regarding the touch screen:  At first I was using the stylus but gradually migrated over to the touch screen in combination with the physical and online keyboard.  It's a breeze once you get on to it.The phone did seem a little heavy at first but this too became a non-issue.  Considering we're only talking about an ounce or two, I (somehow) managed to adapt.  I added a wrist strap which has been helpful.Issues raised in other reviews:I have experienced no technical issues; No freezing or lock ups as described in some reviews.  The phone performed perfectly out of the box. I've used Bluetooth and have had no issues.Regarding battery life:  I charge this phone mostly every night and sometimes hook up the car charger during the day.  I've been doing this for years with all my phones.  You never know when you're going to use up a large chunk of battery, no matter what phone you have.Call quality and reception is outstanding.  Web browsing is smooth and very fast.The four desktops provide ample room for shortcuts to frequently used applications.  Once your shortcuts are set up, you can pretty much go anywhere you want with just one or two touches of the screen.With a 16GB memory card, I was able to sync mp3 files through Windows Media and contacts through Outlook Express without a hitch.  Just a couple of clicks for each process and the phone took over.In all honestly, the more I use this phone, the more I like it.  I also take comfort in knowing I have a quality device made by Nokia, who, in my opinion, has always been the real leader in cell phone technology and design.

This phone was somewhat disapointing.  The reception is not very good.  I have a difficult time getting reception at home (network not available) I didn't have that problem with my other phones.  The unlock button being on the bottom of the phone makes it a little difficult to unlock easily.  You just about have to use two hands, I think it would have been better on the top or side.  Sometimes difficult to navigate through the phone.  Prepare to spend at least 6 - 8 hours learning this device.

It's been over an year I have my Nokia N900 and I still love to own one. N900 is a phone with very nice features and the best for me is the x terminal. I being a Unix guy, I love this phone which has a Linux background. It's easy to gain root access and do all sort of scripting and testing which you do on a platform box or a server. I also got the Easy Debian setup on the phone which is like running a virtual OS. If you are comfortable in overclocking, you can overclock N900 to 1.1GHZ. Phone has 32GB by default and with the microsd you can increase you space as well. Multi tasking is a breeze on this phone. Also one of cool thing I see is that we can hear music on bluetooth headset. This feature is rarely available on any other phone.If you want a phone with no complex features, I won't reccomend it for you. If you are looking for testing/debugging and using other extra kernel features, this phone would be ideal for you. Camera is better, but I would say their are other phones with better camera's.The phone is not that slim but it does fit in your jeans pocket. I also do have a otterbox case and still can carry it in my jeans.I would not recommend for flashing android on your N900. Maemo is far better than android for your N900.Also this phone is far better than N8 or E7 and I'm sure far better than Lumia 800 or 900.I still bet N900 is far better than Iphone 4 or 4s.

I could go into great technical detail in reviewing the Nokia n900, but based on the reviews I have read, others have done that in very satisfactory fashion.  So I will not duplicate their efforts.The n900 is very quick, and in the month I have had it , has not shown any stalls or hang-ups at all.The browser is simply splendid, and it is clearly better than anything else on the market.  And for a device that is intended to access the Internet (I don't really make that many phone calls) having a first-rate browser is saying a great deal.  But the browser also forms the largest part of the user interface, and the UI is pretty mystifying.  The User Manual is almost pathetic in its inadequacy, so the user is reduced to experimentation to tease out the interactions.Here are other items I mostly like in the n900:* The GPS seems to be very sensitive, and it finds my location very quickly.  The maps are colorful and pleasant, but I do not plan to use the navigation system for turn-by-turn guidance so I am less critical than I might be.  But there are some annoying bugs that need correction.  For instance, when you are tracking a GPS route in your car and you stop at a red traffic light the map literally spins randomly around the spot where you stopped.  Very disconcerting!* The media player works well, but again that performance is skewered by the inadequate user instructions.  There is no guidance about how to import music from a previous player, so again one must experiment.  Also no hints at all with importing the album artwork with the music files.* The phone works very well and the audio quality is excellent.  Nokia did a very fine job designing the phone hardware and software.* The Internet Radio works fine too, but I have been unable to add any of my own favorite stations since the n900 tells me I have an issue with the Codec, and the user instructions offer no guidance.* I really like the integrated Contacts/e-mail/Messaging approach.* The camera seems to produce very nice pictures and the dual-LED flash does a good job of illumination.* Some little things.  I like the inclusion of the removable battery, and the lanyard attachment point, which is crucial to prevent drop damage.In summary, I could compress my reactions to the Nokia n900 into a few statements.  I mostly love it, except for a small number of easily-fixable bugs, and I think that the User Manual is useless.  If Nokia does not prepare a better manual (fast) they will be sadly limited to the geek market (like me) and the promise of this really excellent device will be unfulfilled.  But a good manual would broaden the appeal to a much larger base.

I have been using this piece for little over one month now.Pros:- 1.Great Display2.The phone is very responsive to touch.3.I wish they could have provided head phones or earphones with more bass.4.Camera is good with pixels..It takes great photos even in low light.5.Music player is good in clarity.Cons:- 1.I have relatively low call volumes but the battery life is coming to 2 days .2.I wish the phone could have given me with more options of profile.As of now the phone has normal and silent profile.3.Not so fast processor.Takes lot of time to load any internet page.4.I wish they could have given FM Radio player..But i understood that this player needs an internet connection to play(I wish i could be wrong).

First of all, I am a long-time Nokia user. I started with the 3650, and then moved to the N90, which I liked a lot.I have to say, however, that Nokia did not do itself proud with the N900. I would give it zero (0) stars if I could. The battery does not last even a full working day. (The N90, in contrast, lasted a couple of days.) That was without exercising the phone hardly at all: a dozen phone calls, two pictures, no Internet access of any kind. That's essentially just on standby. There is no Internet access over GPRS, which is puzzling. I had a T-Mobile plan for the N90, and I just moved the SIM card from that phone to N900, using the same plan. On the N90, T-zones appeared as a choice for Internet and I could use it; that choice doesn't even appear on the N900. The user interface is not great; it seems to be a bit touchy (yes, that's a pun). Sometimes tapping an icon several times has no effect whatsoever. The N900 doesn't work with all features of OVI Suite and it doesn't work with all features of PC Suite (image transfer). So I have to use both for different things. OVI Suite will sync the N900 calendar with the Outlook calendar on my PC, but it seems to be confused about dates and times -- bad for calendar functionality. Yesterday it popped up an alarm for an event at the right hour, but the wrong day; today it just popped up an alarm for an event with an alarm set for 15 minutes in advance of the event, but the alarm went off an hour and 15 minutes in advance of the event. (Testers, where are you?) The Bluetooth functionality is abysmal. My car has a Bluetooth connection for the phone -- essentially the audio system in the car is the Bluetooth headset. The Bluetooth functionality with the N90 worked perfectly from the get-go. The N900 loses its connection after hanging up, sometimes it won't answer, sometimes it will appear to call but there is no audio, neither speaker nor microphone. For the camera, the geotagging functionality appears not to work, even when it is configured: After I take a picture, the screen shows a message indicating that it is geotagging the picture. When I examine the metadata in the photo in Photoshop, there is no geo information included. Perhaps I need to sign up for some additional service for that, but the manual isn't clear on that. And on the manual, the Nokia folks certainly took to heart the minimalist mantra that's circulating among documentation professionals -- if the manual were any more minimal, it would be invisible. I am returning this phone. I'll hope that Nokia releases a better model sometime in the future.

This is a powerful device. It has all the features of a high end smartphone for half the price. If your know your way around Linux then you'll find you can take a beyond what its advertised to do.Pros- Does what its advertised to do- Can do much more than its advertised to do if you are a techie- Nice transitions and effects- Hardware keyboard is excellent and uses regular PC shortcuts like ctrl+c to copy and ctrl+v to paste- Nice sharp screen- Very nice camera, quality amongst the best phones out there- Sync software can do automatic syncs over bluetooth, set and forget.- Battery lasts forever (if you're not constantly using GPS)- Screen is quite accurate and responsive, no need to use the stylus.Cons:- Not a large app world and quite a few are for technical ppl- Kinda slow if some areas (app manager for one)- Doesn't always stay connected to my Pioneer car deck, sometimes I have to switch the deck off (turn car off) and back on again. Rear but annoying.- Lock/unlock key is in an awkward position- Very limited sound profile setup and they are just 2 profiles: Silent and Normal

Let me tell u i bought this beautiful piece of technology 8 months ago and i loved it, why did i say i loved it, cause someone stole my phone from inside of my car :( .Now i bought the same one again cause i really missed true multitasking and real web browser. I have an EVO and an IPHONE 3g and those don't compare to my best pal, in my opinion. Also, i love keyboards cause when i write i don't like to type using the screen. I find the virtual keyboard takes up the whole screen.  When i play my emulator games I prefer to play them using the keyboard rather than the screen.The N900 CPU is fast. It runs up to 600 Mhz. However, i overclocked it go up to 825 Mhz and this kernel is smooth and stable. I don't recommend overclocking your N900 unless you know what you are doing cause it voids the warranty.The best thing about The N900 is that you can put any videos on it and play them. It supports a lot of video formats, contrary to my Iphone 3g.Well if I continue telling you about the marvels of this high piece of tech, i'll get tired of writing.Now come the CONS. Every phone has CONS, so i'll be sincere:*Battery life... for that there is a 2g and 3g applet.  You need to switch  from 3g to 2g when you are not going to need it. This conserves battery life.*N900... Won't receive updates unless it really needs it :( .*App Store... there are a few applications from OVI but you can download more from Repositories for Maemo community.Some people can find more Cons for this phone but for me these are the big ones.I hope u enjoy this little Review, it's actually my first one :) .

A lot has been said about the N900, and from many perspectives. My own personal perspective is that of a person who has had a PDA since 1999, and has been looking for the spiritual successor to Sharp's Zaurus SL-C860 class of PDA. It's been a long wait. That device was ahead of its time in 2002, and the N900 is the same way.I have said a lot about my experiences with it in my ongoing review on the community forum for Maemo, the operating system that runs on the N900. Feel free to check it out [...] (Flandry's ongoing N900 review: perspective of a PDA poweruser). I gave the N900 less than five stars here because Nokia made some poor design decisions and are failing in some ways to keep up their end of the deal (it's not so much that it is bad but that it could have been better--GPS functionality is the main exception as something that, as of right now, is actually BAD); I gave the N900 more than three stars because the community and the potential are the best out there. It all sounds trite, I know. Read my extended review on[...]if you want a more in depth perspective.Edit: July 2010I still love my N900 and have phased out the C860 completely. The community at maemo.org has really made the experience exceptional. Today I installed an amazing LCARS theme (UI like in Star Trek starships) created for free, and a great new application manager was released by another community member recently. As I mentioned in the original review, Nokia is the only downside to the N900. The community and hardware are great.

Okay the battery sucks but Little bit of googling and here are some things that u can do with this smart device: $10 t-mobile full 3g internet(just get it from the t-mobile site, do not go to the store). Use the phone as wifi hotspot with an app. Unlimited Pandora radio with an app. Play almost any flash videos with the flash tweak app(facebook, youtube etc). Play almost any video and audio files. Speakers are damn good for a device this size. The internet browser is solid and works well(I don't mean mobile sites) with most sites. U can install Firefox and Opera mobile. U can Use Skype, Google voice. Just go to maemo.org and see the posibilites. But if u just want everything handed to u plz don't waste ur time or money on the N900. I love it, because when I make things work on it, makes me look smart.

the product came in time and was delievered in condition as promised.....i will shop again here for sure...

I have been using N900 for the past 6 months. I am pretty happy with the phone, but on the other side unhappy missing basic functionalities form nokia for such an expensive unit.Lot of people commented about PROS here, so I am think no one wants to hear about the PROS much. Here are some of the CONS I have experience over the past 6 months:1. Phone is bit heavy, you need couple of weeks experience to maneuver the phone. Especially the display on/off slide button, power button. Also answering a call.2. First version (PR 1.1) was missing the basic functionality such as #BAL#, #MIN# etc. PR 1.2, nokia included that functionality, so its better to upgrade to 1.23. Another feature lacking is Bluetooth sharing.  If you have car Bluetooth and if you paired you won't be able to access your phone book, call list (missed or dialed) in the car Bluetooth screen. Also the Bluetooth music. I guess this is basic feature in almost all old generation phones, I don't know why it is missing in N900.4. There are lot of new Apps developed everyday, to install some of the apps you should know the Linux commands, you need to get Root access, go to command line and install the app etc.. It is a hassle for some people.5. Nokia is NOT releasing any bug fixes or Product releases frequently. Looks like some diligent technology savvy  people to figure out the  bugs and find solutions for simple issues. You must be a vigilant person in [...] community forum to get info.6. Just imagine you are paying such a high price for a widget and nokia is abandoning all the users.Just my 2 cents...

This is a fantastic piece of hardware, I absolutely love it. Easily a netbook replacement. However the phone capabilities are not up to par with the current crop of smartphones, but if you don't really need all the extra features and just want basic calling along with the most awesome of awesome, powerful computing experiences than this phone is for you.

first of all. let's get real. this is not a phone for everyone. it is a phone for selected few. it is really a computer that can make phone calls, than a phone that does some other functions.if you have experience in GUN/Linux, or are interested in GUN/Linux, please consider N900 very seriously. this is arguably THE only real Linux handset. unlike android, or webOS, the maemo is the real stuff. you get access to the terminal, you can run real programs that actually access the hardware power (unlike some resource-wasting java script). you can, as a option, install the complete version of debian (maemo is a strip down version of debian) that allow you to install thousands of programs Including open office, Octave, and all other amazing REAL programs.this phone comes with great hardware features too. infrared, TV out, FM transmitter... the list goes on.I simply cannot put enough good word for this Phone. i have NEVER, i mean NEVER liked nokia, but this is it.now here is some downside about the phone:battery sucks, with 3G and messenger active, phone last about 7 hours. with just 3G on, the phone last about 1 day or so. the resistive screen need a bit more force to select. the key board can be better.

It works perfectly in country it was really unlocked becuase i had purchased "unlocked cell phones and i had to pay the unlocked in my country after i get it. This time i got luck

Ok, so many detailed and well writen reviews are here so what I'm going to do is tell you my personal experience with this phone that I've been using for a month and a half now.When I first got the phone, I had a very HARD time with it restarting by itself when using the Internet or when using more than 2 applications at a time.  Within a Nokia forum I found out that it was because of the firmware that the phone came with (not totally tested I guess) and that was why I almost threw it to the wall more than one time, as I was sick of having a brand new phone that restarted itself every time I used it.Thanks to that forum, I found a way to go around and manually fix the problem and it was really solved.  Then came the firmware update and finally the phone was working fine using Nokia factory configurations (not a manual fix).About the good stuff on this phone: it was made to work as a little computer on your hands, which is great since it has several applications (not so many) to work with and customize it.  The Internet browsing it IS like you were seating on your on PC/laptop, if you go to youtube, or facebook or amazon, etc, you will not enter the "mobile" sites but to the actual site.When making a call, I've had several volume issues, I've took the volume to the limit and if I'm in a noisy environment, I have a hard time hearing the other person.  Even worse is the speaker phone, I really don't know why, since the stereo speakers sound great if you play music or videos, but not when using it for a call (lack of volume).The video quality is amazing, I actually connected my phone to my LCD TV and watched a couple of widescreen movies.  The music player is nice too, I haven't used playlists but the phone itself categorize the music by 4 categories that are very useful, most of all the "never played" category.The keyboard, well, it is nice, but as many others had said, you have to get used to the space bar on the right side, not in the middle.  The keyboard also may get slided accidentally when handling the phone to take a photo.  About the camera, it works pretty cool to, it has several settings that are useful.  I can't comment more on this since I did not buy the phone because of the camera, I don't really "use" it like some others.  In addtion, I haven't found out how to copy and paste when browsing, since you cannot use the pencil to "select" text then copy and paste it elsewhere.About disk space, touchscreen usage and resolution, this is where this phone starts to be a competition to the iphone and so many other phones.  32GB is enough space to put my favorite music and movies, I can't say applications since there aren't so many apps for maemo yet.  The touchscreen is beautiful, the 4 different workspaces make the phone very interesting, since you may customize one for business, one for fun/media, one for internet related stuff and another one for whatever you may like.Personally, I like to have custom ringtones for several contacts, but Im still unable to do this with this phone... :(Now, even that the phone is beautiful, fast and very useful, what I still don't like is the size, weight and grip of it.  Don't take me wrong, I was not expecting a lightweight phone with all the features it has, BUT, this is way to heavy and bulky for me and that is one more reason for me to rate it 3 stars (IT IS OK).

Great if you're a nerd and love a Debian-like OS. If the thought of a command-line interface and ssh make you drool, go for it. It is a great handheld terminal and works great on T-Mobile US 3G and 3.5G.Looking for a smartphone with apps? Go elsewhere.After owning one since they were released in December, 2009, the following still are "show-stoppers" for me to recommend to my non-nerd friends:* Apps are basically only from open-source hackers. You're not going to find the depth of what is available on the iPhone or and Android phone. OVI Store is basically devoid of N900 apps of any value.* No MMS without a 3rd-party app (and then not integrated with SMS)* No iSync without a 3rd-party app* USB charging won't work from most "dumb" chargers, such as lighter-to-USB or batteries* No distinctive ringtones* No voice dialing* GPS lock takes several minutes, if at all* Maps application is total junk, even if GPS locks* Will not sync with older versions of Exchange Server* Contacts with both a name and a company can't easily be searched on company* Resistive touchscreen requires a stylus for most interactions and is much harder to use than the iPhone or Andriod phones* Battery life relatively poor (I have to charge during the day if I use the browser)* FM transmitter (for car radio) close to uselessOn the upside, the QWERTY keyboard is an essential for me, the camera is good, the browser is functional, and it has Flash (thought not Flash 10).While PR1.2 update has improved some usability in many areas, the OS appears to be a dead end for Nokia, as their current releases are going with the Symbian line again.

The only problem I have is the memory of the long waiting period. I am a Nokia fan, however I have an open mind.After two weeks of playing with this device I have no regrets of this purchase. I agree it's no iphone, but it's Nokia's iphone. It it certainly a high end phone.Where are the accessories? More so the cases!

I bought this phone from newegg i use it for a month for a voice call but iam not happy with every features of this phone now it serve as an organizer of email password, reminder etc. don't buy its a waste of money.

but Maemo5 sucks! tried to get android working on my n900 but sadly it doesn't work as well as I expected...

Estaba buscando un tlf liberado, con una buena c&aacute;mara con la que pudiera hacer videollamadas, amplia memoria interna, buena calidad y muchas funciones, pero mi presupuesto no era para un Iphone. Este tel&eacute;fono result&oacute; ser perfecto. Tiene todo lo que quer&iacute;a y adem&aacute;s no es dificil de usar, es r&aacute;pido, viene con programas &uacute;tiles autoinstalados, es realmente "libre" (algunos dicen serlo y no funcionan en otros pa&iacute;ses). El &uacute;nico punto negativo por el que no le doy 5 estrellas: Al ser sistema Maemo ciertas aplicaciones no se le pueden instalar (como el Whats App) y tener W.App es casi fundamental para mi!

The package did not come with any air bags not even a box....which suprised me a lot. Luckily the phone was fine.As for the product, I think it's more about Nokia instead of Amazon. The product is really an unfinished product but definitely the product I'd like to taste the fresh.Pros:Smooth touch screen. Excellent quality of music. Friendly experience of web browsing.Cons:The camera regularlly says something like 'unexpected error' (sorry guys I forget the exact words) which makes you unable to take any pictures unless you restart it. The front camera quality is a disaster.Other thoughts: By the way I tried i-touch which maybe more or less like the experience of iphone. To be honest, I think nokia did better job at making touch screen.Overall: You should buy it considering it's less than $600 and UNLOCKED!Argument:Some people may think if the product available in US does not neccessary have to include Chinese input. I agree. But I tell yo what, as a MID plus phone fuction product which is the Nokia N900, I do not see any reason they put this aside. I heard someone saying 'well, it's US, English is native language'. I have to say 'man,even English is not native language in China, we still like to have English input in our every device'. does that make sense? Please forgive me if this argument offense someone.

The phone holds lot of promises. Thats the bottomline. The software is not anywhere near production grade.The phone has crashed twice while using the "Mail for Exchange".Blue Tooth as explained in other reviews basically puts your phone on silent mode. And the integration with the headset is rudimentary. I could only use it answer call, the smart keys on the headset didnt open up the contact app.Basic contact management is missing - I cant select a phone number from email and add it as a contact ( something that device's of much lower caliber has managed to achieve ).Copy paste doesnt work always - and there no easy way to select anything from a web page.Contextual menus could have been made more usable.Gmail integration works for me - but its just the mail.Keyboard is a little to small - try doing Ctrl+A, Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V frequentlySingle hand operation is almost impossible - making a phone call holding a cup of coffee and walking to work is just not happening.The device holds potential but unless there is big software update, this device is only for the gadget junkies.

(Review based on the perspective of this device being a smart phone instead of a mobile mini-computer, or an "internet tablet" as Nokia so calls it)Everyone has to admit that the N95 was an awesome flagship phone. Its dual slide design, fast processor with dedicated 3D chip, and industry leading 5-MP camera. All that packed into a large screen with superb build quality. At the time of N95's release, Nokia was truly the king of mobile phones.Unfortunately, things has gone straight downhill since. It is unfathomable that a huge company like Nokia, with its experiences and resources, can keep disappointing their customers by making subpar "flagship" devices. More like "failureship" devices.Nokia has made statements regarding the Maemo5 platform being implemented only on the company's most prestige and top-end luxury phones, while Symbian will be the mainstream smart phone platform. However, the pricing of the N900 suggests otherwise, at only 30 dollars more than the N97, where the line between the two devices with different target audience wears thin.My own experience with cellphones? I burn through about 20 cellphones every year.I've used the iPhone, Android based phones, and many others.  I've pretty much used every Nokia phone released last year. From lower-end ones like 5800, E63, E71, to N85, N86, N97, and now N900.Some readers wondered what phones I've used. I looked up some of the unboxing pictures and receipts I kept and here's what I can recall:Nokia:53106120cE63E71N96N97N85N865800 PRC red5800 N.A. silverSamsung:I458U608U708I908I7500F250LG:KU970 ShineKE770 Shine BarSony Ericsson:W810iM600K550W595Moto:razrrizrkrazrA1200 MingE6A810Apple:iPhone 3GLenovo:i60Meizu:M8HTC:G2I've had my share of disappointments with the 5800 and the N97. Back then I firmly believed the merits of a resistive screen and the quality of Nokia devices and design. Not anymore after I've used the G2, the Galaxy, and the iPhone 3G. (And as you can see, I stay away from WinMo devices. I'd like to try one of those someday)-----------------------------------------Where has Nokia failed:- Inferior build quality. Nokia used to make robust phones with awesome build quality. Admittedly they still do, like the E71. (but not anyway E devices after)But the N900 is pastic-y and, to quote from one of my friends, "feels flimsy". I showed my friend who's been using a razr forever the n900, and that's the first thing he said, "flimsy." Sadly I have to agree. The slider feels cheap, with a HUGE gap between the two pieces. You can't feel the snap of sliding as with the N97/mini, only slight-mushy resistance that tells you two pieces of plastic and rubbing against each other.I don't know why Nokia insists this "snap on" battery cover mechanism. You have to barbarically "tear" the battery door off the back and violently shove it back on. Doesn't feel high end when you have to do that. A locking mechanism like on the E71 would be nice. Once again, Nokia states that Symbian is not abandoned, that Maemo5 will only be on the company's most top-end devices. And if this is the kind of "top-end" luxury Nokia has to offer, I seriously question the company's future.- Inferior parts. Nokia has been using cheaper interior components lately, like its GPS receiver. Without any A-GPS, my HTC G2 can connect with a satellite and show it on maps in like 10 seconds. (Although without data, the navigation map is blank, but it still knows the location and coordinates). My N86, N97, and N900? Cannot find any satellite. I'd leave the Ovi Map app on for hours, and they never do tell me where my location is. Have done side-by-side comparisons. (Also tried rebooting phones, did not work)GPS is quick to locate with data service on. But unless you got unlimited data, it's going to cost you a fortune to use GPS feature on this phone.- Resistive screen is painful to use. One of the reviewer said you can barely tell the difference between the N900's resistive screen to a capacitive one. Wrong.With the Maemo 5, Nokia tried to make the UI as finger friendly as possible, with large icons and stuff. But resistive screen doesn't require large press area, it requires precision. Say you are trying to press the "end call" button. It is red and large (see the stock picture). Instinctively you try to use your thumb to press it. Well that touch is not going to register, at all, unless somehow it thinks you are trying to get to speakerphone (the large bar above end call).The point is, you have to use the tip of your finger nail to get your touches precisely registered.In many aspects, the Maemo 5 with a resistive screen is WORSE than 5800XM. At least with the 5800, they didn't attempt to have mimmicky features, such as kinetic scrolling. With the N900, you have to deal with terribly implemented kinetic scrolling and other such "fancy" features. It can never tell whether you are trying to select a contact or just trying to move the screen down. Not to mention the scrolling is neither smooth nor pleasant to use.Plus, the mechanics of the resistive screen makes it so that they cannot put a hard, scratch-resistant glass over it like they do with capacitive. You better buy a screen protector.- Complications of use.With Maemo 5 you can do many novel things, like hooking up wireless to a PS3 controller, and play the NES emulator on the N900, with the PS3 controller, with the screen TV-outed to your TV. But to do that, and to use many other features enabled by the powerful Maemo5 platform, you have to go on a maemo-forum and dig through hundreds of threads to find a solution.The menu layout is terrible. The homescreen is awfully implemented. I can never switch home screens when I swipe, especially coming from a HTC G2 and an iPhone before that. Finding the folder, menu, or setting that I want to use takes a long time. The way they organized the apps and icons are absolutely illogical. You'd be spending hours trying to find a feature and when you at last have found it in the most unexpected place, you'd be like "OMG why would it be there?"The joy of owning different phones for me, is to figure out all the UI elements, to tweak all the settings and programs and stuff. I lost that desire on the N900, because navigating around the phone is not a very pleasant experience.- The UI is not as fast as some people suggests. I mean, compared to the 443MHZ processored 5800, N97, and other Symbian s60 v5 powered phones, the N900 is pretty fast. But I don't know what people are talking about when they say that the UI is speedy and breezy, and that you can multitask with 20 screen open without slow downs. (probably over-exaggerated  but still..)When comparing this phone to the Nexus one, I was trying to convince myself that the 600MHZ processor with a dedicated graphic chip is going to be better than just a snapdragon of 1GHZ. It's not.Keep in mind though, that the N900, being a mobile computer, has REAL full multitasking. The iphone has NO multitasking unless you break several federal laws and have Jobs curse your name for it, and the android has something Like a full multitasking but not quite.- The N900 does not suffer from lack of apps. There are tons of older maemo OS apps (most are compatible with Maemo5)and websites that have dedicated repository, which you can add to your own app store. But It is a pain to search online to find them.----------------------Sure the OS is powerful and lets you do novelty things,but WHO IN A MILLION YEARS would want to do that? not to mention the HOURS of trouble you have to go through, dealing with the disgusting UI, the terrible touch screen, and the flimsy feel of the phone, just to get it to work?The overall presentation and experience with the phone makes me NOT want to use the phone. It is too much trouble and painful to use. Plus it's huge, and I feel like they could've stuck a 3.7 screen on there.Since N95 we saw little improvement from Nokia's flagship devices. From minor UI tweaks to decreasing quality, while the camera has stayed at a pitiful 5MP, while Sony Ericsson and Samsung keeps turning out 12MP phones with HD recording. With the N900 Nokia had a good chance to turning things around. This should be their premium high-end device. But oh Nokia manages to disappoint and fail once again.And you know that in a few month they will be so busy making the N98 and Maemo6, that you will be left without firmware updates, and by the end of Q3 when Maemo6 comes out, with the most minor UI tweaks, you won't be getting anymore firmware updates, and you can't even update the N900 to Maemo6 without flashing it yourself, risking bricking the phone and voiding warranty. This is luxury. This is top-end. This is the best user experience Nokia has to offer.

A++++++++++++++++++++...This phone is a better replacement for Iphone 4g and the price is so good for such an item.I am mostly a Nokia lover, yet this Nokia N900 is one of the best touch screen phones with its specifications, 5MP camera and so on.And Amazon delivers it in 12 hours :)) which is the good thing..Don't wait for it, just go for it :))

ONE of the best phones i have ever own.Google free video call over 3G or wifi is the best feature.However of you want games... This is not for you, you better get and android or iphone.

Be prepared to buy the extra capacity battery at $90 and a $75 bluetooth speaker kit for the office/car.Also don't be fooled by the highly touted stereo speakers. They play music well, but there is some kind of limit set when in Phone mode.The GPS is not voice-activated and it is relatively slow, so skype is unstable and forget about using video with skype.Forward facing camera is so poor that it is unusable.

Ordered a month ago and waited for almost a month for the unit to come.Once I received, I am very impressed for the hardware spec. This smartphone is more like a Linux-based netbook.As a phone, it's a bit lacking. no MMS and BT tethering out of the box. Voice quality is exceptional on both earpiece and mic, however.As a music player, it has built-in 32GB flash ROM (28GB is available to user and 2GB for application), added ogg vorbis support, it's 98% perfect, I just wish it has: 1. pitch control for audiobooks, 2. browse files by folder, this is more handy because I have thousands of audio files and they're sorted with folders. A2dp works fine, but it can't co-exist with wifi. I encounter a lot of dropout when wifi is active.Browser is firefox-based and I have adblock installed which makes web browsing is less clutter. You can zoom by either using volume or draw circle on the screen. Flash is version 9, but playing real youtube and other live video sites are fine.Internet radio works well, it can play streaming mp3 (shoutcast or icecast), windows media (as asf/asx), and 3gp (as sdp).About reception, 3G is better than 2G, the phone works best when it's on standing landscape position. I leave the phone locked on 3G (it's available in whole NYC and Yonkers), playing internet radio over 3G is pretty enjoyable, way better than "local" FM stations.Since the phone has that powerful hardware and high-res screen, you can expect battery time is short, I manage to get 3.5 hours of streaming audio over 3G without turning screen on halfway, the battery goes a lot shorter if you keep screen lit no matter it's online or not.Internet performance: the phone is backed by 10.8/2.0 HSPA, I even got 5Mbps with T-Mobile, which is the best phone for tethering, BT tethering is not available out of the box and the add-on is flaky. Luckily I managed to use 3G router for wireless tethering solution, the best bet is Aluratek or Zoom with battery model, Cradlepoint doesn't work with N900.This phone has too much potential but most of it is not yet discovered, if you plan to use phone function primary, you should settle for other; however, if you're looking internet-oriented phone and you're using T-Mobile 3G or Wind, this beast works like a dream.

Would be 5 stars if the battery lasts longer ... It is a great gadget. I have more than 5 thousand contacts, a lot of them has skype, and it manages them pretty well.The interface is very intuitive, but different from the usual. You have to get used to it to enjoy it's power.If you keep all the applications turned on, the battery doesn't last much. Either you have to buy and carry another battery or carry together the power cord ... for me, each of those options is a pain in the neck ...Most important applications are already in, like skype, maps, facebook, etc ... but you can not manage others, like twitter, thru nimbuzz yet.

Here is the bottom line- Nokia should have thought about the possibility that people who can afford $600 internet tablets probably have jobs that require them to make calls and write emails frequently.I have had this phone for a few weeks now. Instead of a long winded review here is my short take on itIt is visually gorgeous. Finally a color scheme and animations that outdoes the iphone in my opinion. (I have used an iphone for a year)It is extremely powerful, and multitasking, and transitions are top notch. Its really that good.I have used an iphone and G1 over the past 18 months- both with capacitive screens. I can assure you that the responsiveness of the resistive screen on this phone is quite comparable. Its nothing like the horrible resistive screens on the n97 and 5530 nokia phones. The touch sensitivity has not been an issue for me at all.The keyboard is quite useable. I am currently deciding between this and the blackberry bold 9700 that I got as an upgrade from tmobile, and the keyboard would not be the dealbreaker.So what really makes me angry about this phone will i stare at its gorgeous screen?Its the antiquated phone and email apps.EMAILS:  Its frustrating how Exchange 2003 is not supported. It is also frustrating how you have to go through multiple clicks to read emails.This is what I found extremely weird: Suppose you were last checking your hotmail account and then decided to do some browsing. Now, while you are browsing, you get a notification that there is a new email in your gmail account. you tap on the  notification icon. Guess where it takes you- to your hotmail account (since that was where you left your email program last)!!!!! After that you have to navigate back back back to the main email interface and then tap on the gmail account and then on the inbox and then on the new email....!!!Another quirky feature- suppose you have only account setup under Nokia messaging services. Well, you first need to click on email, then on Nokia messaging, then on that one account and then you will finally be able to access the folders of that account.PHONES: There is no quickdial option for making phone calls (you can create icons on the home screen for individual contacts but unlike an android phone you cant create an icon for a specific number associated with a specific contact- i.e. you cannot have quickdial icons.) Unlike the iphone you also cannot have default phone numbers associated with a contact.Finally the battery life is horrible. I keep the phone on Edge, no wifi, bluetooth and GPS turned off as well. Brightness turned down to 3 out of 5. And i still cant get through 8 hours of basic browsing and calling. On the Blackberry bold, I am perpetually on 3G or Wifi and I do the same amount of calling and browsing , and the battery does not get over in 2 days.So why have i not dumped the phone yet- potential.You see the email and the phone issues are software issues that can be solved with a software update.Final closing thoughts- Most smartphones out there have hardwares that cant keep up with software demands. Well this is probably the only phone that is the opposite. The hardware clearly is more than equipped to handle the current state of software.

Nokia is right when they refer to this device as a Mobile computer.  I've been using it for almost a week and it surpasses all my expectations, and bear in mind that Nokia will be pushing updates to the OS to make it even better.The web browsing experience can only be matched by a computer, no smartphone even the iphone (I own a 3G iphone for over a year) come close.Skype integration is outstanding, 5mpixel camera is great, gps and compass work great with ovi maps, screen resolution and size are perfect!All features work under 3G, no hacking necessary.Corvette=IphoneLamborghini=N900In a few words, if you like to excel this is your phone!

This is a mini computer. You can connect to Wi-fi, surf the Internet and check e-mail. As a cell phone the quality is average, but the biggest drawback is the battery life. It is way too sort. Be prepared to have the charger handy.On the other hand my Nokia N71 has a very long battery life.I gave it three stars because of the short battery life and the high price.

This phone is great! for the geek.For me a regular user I can figure it out but I just don't wanna waste time doing it.The battery is the same as the one on the 5800 so it makes sense that it's gonna last for 5 to 7 hours with heavy use.This is heavy!!!!!!!! at 181 grams... really heavy!!!!Volume on speaker phone while on a call really disappointing. Volume and bass for music on the speakers really bad.Screen and keyboard are beautiful.Everything else was really awesome. Even though nokia had the promo of buying this and get a surprise phone I ended up returning it. I guess I'll wait for the N8 or N9 coming later this year.Conclusion:GEEKS... buy this!Non GEEKS... stay away from this.....wait for the MEEGO or the Symbian 3.

No voy a dar mas explicaciones del telefono por que ya muchos aqui lo han hecho, solo me queda decirles que es excelente, ya tengo una semana con el y no dejo de encontrarle nuevas funcionalidades, la mejor elecci&oacute;n para sustituir a mi N95.

Got my N900 a few days ago, in perfect condition. Had to do a few system updates to get it up and running how i like, but was easy to do so. Got a used like new one, very happy with it-even did this all with it!

I really had high hopes for this phone, but ended up really disappointed with it.  I've been a long time Nokia fan and this phone isn't the reason why I've loyal.  The firmware needs much more work, and there simply isn't a large enough community to contribute and Nokia needs to do more to get it to the point where it can compete with the iPhone for any Android

1. It is a great piece of hardware. Without any sensible thought put to complement the hardware with apps.2. Rushed to the market atleast a year before it should have been introduced.3. NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME. Good to play with. Not a no-nonsense phone. You will spend hours on forums trying to work around issues, bugs etc..4. The PR 1.2 firmware release is slated to release soon which will address some of the bugs, but reading the various blogs, it is not going to do anything major.5. If you hate Microsoft for being able to get away with releasing a buggy OS and then release Service Packs and critical patches for several years... This phone/concept/company is just several times worse.. Makes M$ seem like an angel and a pioneer!6. I want this platform (Maemo) and the phone to work, but it is far from a finished product.I will highlight some negatives and positives.* Coming from a Tilt (Windows Mobile) user, I'm used to a clunky, slow phone. The N900 is fast in user touch, responsiveness. I have loaded a custom windows ROM from xda developers on my Tilt which I have come to finally like (not love!) but I wanted a better browser and didn't want to wait 3 seconds after every click.* Great camera for outdoors. Sucks for indoors.. I mean really sucks indoors. very grainy in bright indoor lighting. The PR 1.2 has made the pic quality better but not anything to brag about. N97 has similar lens and is way better from reviews and pictures posted online.* Great browser to browse full pc version of sites on phone. Flash support for You Tube. But sites that require the latest flash version (like mlb.tv), tough luck. Won't work until they release a new version of Flash in the next several months.* Has a built in FM transmitter. However you need to download a 3rd party signal boost app so that you can listen to the song stream over FM without the hissing noise.* No Java support which is not that big a deal, but not impossible for them to provide for. The Java emulator is slow so that doesn't count.* Emails.. There is a program that can check your emails, it will alert you of new mails as they arrive.. But it will not show in a dashboard, how many unread mails you have.. That is a basic in any smartphone.. NOTE: There is a widget available now that can show on the home screen any unread emails.* Also for emails, you cannot say how to age mails.. or download how many kilobytes.. or the killer... first time you set up emails, if you have 2000 emails like I do, it will show up as Unread. No way to do a mass, "Mark all as read"..! Seriously, that shows the lack of thought put into this phone's application.* It does show appointments, to-do etc in the screen. But you cannot create appointments like the first of every month, or M,W,F every other week etc.. You can do the plain vanilla ones like Once a week, daily, workday, month, yearly.. Duh. OR you can input the complex repeats in Outlook or Google Calendar (Sync using Mail for exchange using Nueva sync) and that will carry over into the phone..* Has an app that shows weather info for numerous cities. OMWeather another app is available from the Maemo repository.* GPS, Directions. SUCKS! You can get directions from point A to point B, but no voice guided directions. you have to look at your screen for every turn. Seriously Nokia, how dumb can you be or shameless to tout this half baked product as a sophisticated smartphone? Can't save locations for use. Cannot cache maps on to the device in a straight forward method. You have to do a hack.* Screen is great for viewing photos, videos. Very responsive.* There are two locations to install extra apps from. One is OviStore which is Nokia's answer to Apple's App Store. In time, hopefully that will grow to a useful list. Hardly anything good in there to spend money/time on right now. Second method is to use the Maemo repository (through App Manager) which is full of several free apps that you can download from. Freedom to choose and not be robbed unlike Apple/iPhone.* Great music player that can play songs from the 32 GB internal memory or the Micro SD card slot. Dual Stereo speakers to boot.* Has a good RSS reader and Podcaster app that can be downloaded through the App Manager for free.* I can live with the stupid SIM card under the battery, need to open the cover to access storage card quirks. However I would really like to meet the design head or whoever was heading the design aspect of this phone and several other Nokia phones. The whole team needs to have a lesson.. err.. a PhD in Usability design.* I plan to keep my phone just because I like the browser and the phone will improve with a few planned firmware upgrades in the next year or so.. and I like it purely as a mobile browser in lieu of a laptop.* Would have been nice to have a few buttons on the device to check email, appointments, browser at the least.* No voice dialing? In a high end device, I would expect it to be there. No biggie, I have learnt to use my car's hands free. But still?* One advantage. You can buy this device and get the cheap non-smartphone data plan from your cell phone provider that will help defray costs. Can't do that with iPhone or any phone provided by the carrier. 3g works with the $10 web plan in tMobile.* No Flash 10 support. There are many websites that require version 10(like mlb.tv).* Need to make a quick call while driving? you can't key in the name and get the contact unless you draw the keyboard out, type the name.. and then the contacts with the partial match to what you typed will show up. HOWEVER, this feature will not work on the phone soft keypad!Note: I'm not a Nokia fan boy or a hater. I'm just disappointed that a product like this can come to the market in this day and age. No surprise that Nokia is a dying phone company ceding the high end phone market to the newer entrants. I'm confident even Microsoft will surpass Nokia soon in terms of knowing how to design a smartphone and that is not a compliment to M$!I would sum this to an high end BMW that has a great engine and a nice interior, with great looks. But if you have to either get a kit from them to do it yourself or wait for a firmware fix from the manufacturer for the basic things you would come to expect, would you buy that auto and that too for a hefty tag? Nokia should have waited for another year to release this as it seems like it is a futuristic piece of hardware (with many firmware bugs) that needs apps to leverage them. Stay away for a year or buy it just for browsing and youtube. Better than any smart phone overall? NO way. Could be better with firmware upgrades as long as Nokia provides them in a timely manner. But why pay a premium on a piece of hardware that will fall down in price even as they address the bugs in a few months.. A lame product from a good company that is becoming impotent when it comes to providing great smart phones. I think I will stick to my Windows Phone for now until the next successor for n900 arrives. I so badly wanted this to be my main phone.. Sigh :-( Seriously, Nokia, fire your design and quality control team.Update2: Have had the phone for about four months. The browsing is awesome which is why I've kept it. Using it as a phone sucks. And all the quirks mentioned above still stand. There are some work arounds, but they are like taking a detour. Nokia will take another two years to get the essential features that constitute a smartphone and no one knows how much the gap would widen by that time.Update3: Even after PR1.3, the core quirks of the product still remains the same. No major improvements. Meego is still way behind to get to a point of being usable. Android for n900 (NITDROID) hopefully will be done in a few months. Still a great piece of hardware. Like a Ferari engine in a Ford Pinto frame! A great actor with an amateur supporting cast! Enough with that.. Sorry for the rant. :)

Very fast smartphone, but its 3G frequencies are not able in my country, so I sold it ;)Be careful of that!

This mobile computer, cause is nothing short of a portable computer, that works as a phone. This phone will work with any network and its working perfectly with T-Mobile. It has great speed, a great display and its very versatile. Plus you can create programs, widgets or apps for the N900 since it runs on Maemo, a Linux based oparation system. The phone already comes with a few apps, but they also have some good applications on the Ovi Store and they're all free up till now. They are still preping the personalized Ovi Store for the N900 and surely when they are done its going to be a buffet of great things. Up till now, the phone hasn't giving me any problems, it keeps giving me new tricks to do and I can basically do anything with the N900! I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone and everyone! Its a different pace for the normal or over populated phones out there, e.x. IPhone.Have fun with your possibly new phone!

Having previously owned the N95 8GB and the N82 I decided to finally switch to a touchscreen smartphone.I reasoned it makes it much more easier to control media playback and to write sms messages,not to mention the web browsing is way better.What can I say about this device?The in call quality is excellent.The battery on this is decent.I am not a heavy user so it's more than ok for me.The interface is very pleasant to look at and use.I don't know anything about Maemo or Linux but the interface is so intuitive i got used to it almost immediately.The screen is gorgeous and VERY responsive to touch.The phone also has a stylus but you won't need it.Well..maybe a little for web browsing(accuracy for small links and such).The web browser is EXCELLENT-BEST one yet for any mobile device.The camera is not as good as the N82's for night photos but for daytime pix is great.(Can't beat the almighty N82's Xenon flash).Music playback is really good.Speakers are loud and clear and you can also use any headphones you want to really enjoy your mp3's.Video playback is EXCELLENT both on the phone's screen and also while using TV-Out.This thing plays the most common video formats without the need to convert.You just drag and drop your videos from you PC and enjoy them.What really impressed me was the transfer speed for files when connected via mass storage.It's really FAST.This is why I like Nokia - NO I-Tunes here.Only FREEDOM.The hardware keyboard is really good and i got pretty big fingers.The touchscreen keyboard is great also.The phone has a solid build and it has a very SEXY design I might say.Not really thin but it's so powerful you won't think about size.The GPS I don't use as I have a standalone unit but it's good to know it's there.From what I understand the N900 will be able to run the Meego OS when it comes out so I'd say it's also future-proof.One of the few things that i don't like about it is that at the moment it doesn't have portrait mode (except for photo gallery,the phone app and the browser)It will be added in the near future hopefully.Also it doesn't have MMS natively.You have to install an app to send and receive MMS.Personally don't use MMS but I just want to know it's there.At the moment the apps for the N900 are few but even so (for me at least) this device already DOES EVERYTHING I expected from it.Such is it's power.Overall I LOVE this minilaptop as I like to call it.If you want power and freedom the N900 is for you.

This is a very cool product. It runs debian based Linux. Hoping to get better and updated software over time. SSH, vpn, vnc, Firefox, Skype all built in.Skype and SIP built in, totally international phone. Get a Skype in/out service and use anywhere with wifi or just get dataplan only.This is still a hacker phone although Nokia is doing best to make all smooth. So do not buy this if you considered Iphone anytime in your life. Surely not a good phone for those who has no idea what multitasking is. (Iphone dummies)Skype talks and chats but no videoconf. I hope they will add it with a firmware upgrade since technically phone supports it.Camera is very good, good replacement for small sized cameras, but not for Canon Slr type big ones.

excelente.. me gusta mucho... el sistema operativo maemo es lo mejor... la forma de cambiar de ventanas de minimizarlas.. el gran procesador que tiene, la memoria ram 1gb.. todo ufff excelente celular..... lo recomiendo 100%....

Hi!When I decided tu buy this Nokia, I was afraid of hang-ups, not enough software, to be the final release of this O.S. (Maemo) an so on ... now, I got this PC-cell_phone for a month and I'm very happy with it.First: none hang-up, second: community is very active and there's a lot of stuff for it (usefull, funny, productive, you choose), , thirth: it's really powerfull with parallel processing, and can have several apps running at same time. I love the Skype capability, having conversations not only acting as a cell-phone but also as a video conference.The only flaw could be the size, I haven't found a good appareil to carry-on with me ... specially when you use the Otter Box protection (very good, but little bulky)And ... it's really a personal computer with cell phone ... of course with its limits ... but even tough it is bigger than my first PC :DSo, yes ... geeks will enjoy it more than anybody!

The is by far the best phone I've had powerful hardware, awesome software and the best of it, it's open source with thousand of application available from Maemo repositories and more, 5mp cammera, sliding keyboard, and more, the overall experience is very good, this phone keeps me busy all the time with new stuff to add, and to do.I will definitively recommend it, best Nokia phone so far.

I brought this phone as a graduation gift for my oldest child and he loves it. This phone is for phone geeks. This phone is like a mini computer. I have been a nokia fan for years and I am glad they are still keeping it together by taking their time and making devices that will last. My youngest son has changed his cell phone three times in the list 5 month because of the battery life and now wants a nokia x6. My oldest child was the one who received the gift and he said, "I am never going to leave nokia". My oldest heard many rumors that nokia phones are outdated and they suck compared to other phones on the market. The only con-is that there is no portrait mode. My son loves n900 battery life. If you are looking for a cool phone the Nokia n900 is great...it can be your all in one phone most teenager will not like the phone unless they are really into computers but I see a lot of older people with them. Do your research and know what you want in a phone before you purchase a phone because they are expensive and do not settle if does not fit your needs take it back.

Nice price, nice mobile computer, it shows flash video youtube etc., it could shot good images, one point is not so good is battery 1-2 days, but if we talk about features included its ok, well i like itp.s. GPS works better with sygic mobile maps, be ready to spend some money for this program if you expect good navigation with voice support.

Update:  The device was enabled (for tinkering) using a SIM card from another cell phone to install the essential file for root privileges.  In addition, it was further enhanced using downloads from a newly installed WiFi extension to my wired lan.  Subsequently, both the Qt Creator approach and the scratchbox approach worked to produce programs that could be loaded (via usb) and run on the N900 natively.  The scratchbox emulator looks to be perfect. If you are unfamiliar with linux, the learning curve to program this device could be rather steep (hobby programmer).Do not buy it rating!  I bought this after careful review of comments and researching the web resources available for this device.  It sounded good. The primary reason you would buy this thing would be because it is "open" (linux) (open as far as SIM card too) and you expect to find expanded applications (like through easy Debian) and develop for yourself.  1.  However, you cannot open the device to these areas because root privileges are not included and you must download an application to obtain those privileges.  The problem is if you do not have WiFi or cannot get it to work and you do not have a service provider because you want to see if it is worth it, then you are screwed.The applications screen is not intuitive and often counter-intuitive.  Be prepared to do a lot of typing on the micro keyboard if you go to the shell (terminal).  The screen is really small so you better have good eyesight after being used to a 24in LCD monitor.2. The second part concerns hobby programmers like me who use Qt (linux) to program for the desktop and are quite happy with it and it works (not Qt Creator which I never got to work even with their own tutuorial; kdevelop IDE just works period; text editor and shell script compile and run just works).  You read about the Nokia SDK and set it up because it will lead to allowing you to build applications using Qt for mobile devices.  Once again the Qt Creator cannot build or run an application of their own tutorial for the maemo platform or their simulator.  Do not bother to complain about it because then the critic gets criticized instead of people focusing on the problems. Therefore, you are screwed a second time.I am merely relating my experience and I have not tried other programming environments for the armel architecture such as Maemo 5 SDK (GTK toolkit) (this is not i386 machine or AMD64 for example and needs its own armel builds).  Debian supports armel so if you got past my 1. above you have stuff to download using your service provider.  If you get past my 2. above as well as 1., then you are very happy to create programs for your own cellular phone/computer and you are possibly willing to shell out money for an additional line, data, and texting with your favorite service provider. Peace brothers and sisters.

this is a real computer with phone included!The only issue is that I don't have many apli to chose from

I have purchased N900 expecting it to be "somewhat difficult to use" smartphone that would be truly capable of many things, given that it is essentially a Debian distro Linux phone (on which Maemo 5 OS is based). I also do notenjoy so much having a same phone as everybody else - cell phones are personalitems, and there is little joy in having exactly same shoes, pants, shirtsas any other person out there. To my greatsurprise, I have discovered it was super easy to use - kind of iPhone with keyboard,but with many additional, very attractive hardware features:- 5 MP camera that makes great photos and high resolution videos (HD) and has dual-diode flash, this alone being a major feature to embarass iPhone crowd.- FM transmitter that allows you to listen any music, internet radio etc. in the car (as most cars are not bluetooth ready); it ofcourse supports bluetooth as well- very nice integration of e-mail, IM, SMS, Skype, Google talk, all built-in and integrated - how cool is was to actually place a Google talk VOIP call to a friend with N900 and gmail account!- did I mention beautiful slide out keyboard, with the best little keys, that even people who made IBM laptops would be proud of?- very high resolution screen - this is something very distinguishing, as it allows reading many web pages as is, if your vision is reasonably ok or corrected with glasses- and then, if you like, to there is two options to zoom -in - a dedicated zoom in/out button (that works great, super-fast) or a simple screen - tap that either zooms-in, or even better, discovers text or image boundaries and expands them to the screen width- GPS works fast, at the same or similar speed as iPhone. Typically, I measured it to lock in under 10 seconds.- very fast internet connectivity -- unlike HTC Fuze that I used previously, the connectivity speed is network dependent and not device dependent. That said, kudos to T-Mobile who delivers 2-3x the bandwidth of AT&T; (in South San Jose at least) at 30% less total cost.- built-in media player (and many other apps you can download) support uPnP - this means that your phone at home network can access media servers and play music, videos etc.- the applications manager allows super-easy ways to download apps from Nokia repository, Maemo repository, and also Maemo-devel and testing if you wantto participate in testing new apps. There are no limitations like the onesimposed by Apple iPhone - anything goes! This means that if you like Skype, otherVOIP providers, if you want to run aircrack-ng from your phone, you are welcome!If you think of yourself as a little bit better (or braver)than that other person carrying an iPhone, and if you enjoy state-of-the art hardware (i.e. everything that is available) this is the phone with computer (or computer with phone, whatever) for you! And it is a real Linux, Debian computer, for you geeks.

This is hands down the best phone I've ever owned!  I was so excited when this phone was finally released last November and I'm so glad I waited and didn't buy anything else.  The workmanship is excellent & everyone that sees the phone is SO IMPRESSED.  This device is half phone, half computer.  It has tons of memory and is super fast on T-Mobile's 3G network.  The maemo operating system is fairly new for Nokia, but it works very well and they are coming out with lots of applications.  I like the 5MP camera on this phone much better than on my N86.  The phone is a tad heavy, but it's a small price to pay for a device this good.  I love this phone and plan on keeping it for a very long time.

Just what I need. 1gb of RAM provides fluent multitasking.I owned Iphone first generation for more than 2 years. Iphone is good but it cannot be compared to this phone.*Edited*After using and testing it for 2 weeks, I can just say that it is really powerful machine. I just found that we also have built in FM Transmitter. I paid 60 dollar for Iphone FM transmitter.The only cons is that Ovi suite does not support the Nokia n900 yet and you cannot get 3g speed from at&t.; But overall the phone is impressive. The linux based OS(maemo) never crashed on me

My wife and I love this phone, we both bought one, but not from Amazon.com. We do still love it, except that whenever we call, the screen turns black. I don't know if that happens on every cell phone or if it's just ours. Our daughter bought an Xperia Mini Pro at the same time when we bought ours and its screen does not black out.Otherwise, the Nokia N900 is a great cell phone.

The Font is just too small to be of any use. You cannot see/read numbers and letters are also too small. I have hoped that Nokia after seeing all the bad ents about the small font size wiould come up with a program to change the font. But no luck. I Have contacted them several times and have been very dissatisfied with their response which is " not our problem" Live with it. The maps are another problem area and lack of voice commands make the phone useless. I got the phone a year ago and I wish I could afford to toss my Nokia N900 into the lake and replace it with anything but Nokia.With all the compaints abiout the font size it is amazing that they have done nothing to correct it.

About this phone, I have only 1 complaint... Battery life!!!  Otherwise, perfect!  A mobile computer in  your pocket.

The biggest mistake nokia has made. Talking about the hardware the phone is amazing, it has everything, unfortunately, this doesn't serve you at all if Nokia doesn't make the software (programs and applications) You don't have radio, gps, video lighting, applications,etc. The worst thing is that you have to use it horizontal all the time with your two hands,it's the most uncomfortable phone to use, the battery dies pretty soon. Please don't buy this phone. The only good think about it, it's the web experience. If you are into Nokia buy an N8, not this one.

The N900 is not a particularly great phone. Hardware-wise its critical limitations are the lack of a USB host port, weak GPS chipset, and no multi-touch. I know reviewers have dragged on and on about the "lack" of a capacitive screen, but they are wrong. There are resistive screen technologies that do implement multi-touch. The resistive touch screen on the N900 allows me and another person to play a game of chess using a coffee stirrer straw-as-stylus - not possible to do on a capacitive screen! Software-wise the Maemo OS has at least the absolute minimum to make this hardware usable. Sadly enough, the forward facing webcam has an incomplete Maemo OS driver which results in a grainy off balance image. The one fact of using the device I did not find immediately obvious was tapping the upper right corner to close the current context... any visual cue of this necessity is blurred by a screen effect. Otherwise there is a lot of potential (and actual probable updates to come) for the software to catch up with the market-leading hardware. Very impressive is the stock integration of Skype, SMS, and IM messaging. Conversations are threaded based on your phone's address book of contacts. What other phone does that? The N900 is a computer communications terminal with a phone built in for cellular connectivity. No regrets dropping $530usd (before $50 gift card rebate) on what has easily become a mobile web browsing laptop - in a much smaller footprint.

I received my n900 just a few days ago from Nokia USA. For the purposes of this review, I will compare it to my previous phone, the HTC G1. My opinions are solely based on the user experiences in the past days with the n900, and since I've never owned an iphone, I will not compare it to such.Physical layout:*The N900 is a pretty beefy phone, and rightfully so. While having some heft to it, the n900 is solid and well-built. The black metal rim is a nice touch without being too gaudy. The slide is not spring-assisted but gives a nice click upon opening and closing. I have not noticed any creaks or wobbles from the screen. Few have complained about the back being hard to open. Although true, I rather have that with the peace of mind that the battery won't pop out if I dropped it (God forbid)! the n900 is of comparable size to the G1, albeit being slightly thicker, and not a problem for me.*I don't really understand all the fuss about resistive and capacitive screens. The n900's screen is gorgeous and is incredibly brilliant. There is a little 'give' to the screen, but I've yet to have problems with it. The screen is quite responsive and supports kinetic scrolling. I did have some difficulty clicking on small links in the browser, but that's because your index finger isn't exactly the most accurate pointing device. This was easily solved by zooming in (more on that later).*The keyboard is pretty good. It is a different experience coming from the G1 (as you have to type with the 'chin' in the way on your right hand) so naturally, it felt better. The keys have a grippy rubberized texture feel to them, and although the buttons are smooshed next to each other, (like a real keyboard) they have good response. I do miss the 5-row keyboard on the G1, and I don't understand why the n900's screen doesn't open up a bit more. For those with large hands, it might be a little uncomfortable. However, one plus for the n900 is that my thumbs don't have to travel as far to type.*I love that the placement of the speakers are on the sides of the phone, as opposed to the back on the G1. I do a lot of talking on speakerphone, and so I'm not forced to flip it upside down during a call. Sound quality is good and the speakers are decent.Maemo 5/ Software*This is the ultimate customization OS. When they meant open source, they really meant it. The 4 desktops make things a lot easier to navigate. For example, one page is devoted to my common phone contacts, another utility apps, the third has bookmarks to frequent sites (the homepages of those links are previewed on the desktop, fyi), and so forth.*The way Maemo multitasks is ingenious. The "overview" page where you see all your actively running programs makes navigating between windows and programs very easy and efficient. One thing to note is that you have the ability to close out any of those windows upon your choosing, as opposed to the G1 where the 6 app limit neither allowed to you open more nor shut them down, making it very sluggish, especially during critical times (ie texting someone directions while running gps).*SMS (called conversations in Maemo) is pretty similar to the G1, but has one added step - conversations either in text or IM by the same person are displayed in the same window. The ability to have the other person's contact image in the text box (that is if you set one up for that person) is a nice touch. I personally don't care about MMS, so no gripes there.*The email client is pretty decent, I set up my gmail account with a few simple steps, but it isn't nearly as accessible as the gmail app on the G1. For example, I haven't found a way to delete an incoming email when it first comes in. I have to leave the letter, go into the inbox, back into the email, then delete it.*Browsing experience is comparable to the pc, and is nothing short of awesome. Full flash means I can access full youtube pages, and among others. I think the "swirling zoom" gesture is pretty neat, and helps me to click on the smaller links. I figured out that using your index to swirl zoom produces the best results. Alternatively, you can double click the screen or use the volume rocker. Going to previous pages not only allows you to go to the last page, but scroll through the entire history of that window. Neat.*Applications-wise, there are not many out there, but I'm certain many will be out soon. You can also access the Maemo repositories for more (google it) but be careful as many of them are still in development and are potentially dangerous to your phone. Noteworthy apps include Hermes (connects your social sites, like facebook to your contacts so you get contact phones, birthdates, etc) and Qik (live streaming recording).Hardware:*Fast, fast, fast. Need I say more?*No hang ups yet, since I can close apps at my own will.*The camera is good, that is for a 5mp phone camera. It will never compare to a dedicated camera, but is more than effective for quick shots to upload on facebook.*The FM transmitter is a great add-on. Now I can share songs without having to look for an aux cable.*Battery life seems to last a little over a day with some text and internet. Wifi is on all the time when I'm at home. My G1 would be down to around 70% by noon.Of course, no phone/mobile device is perfect. Here are some things that came to my attention:*The volume rocker is on the right side (in portrait), meaning it is nearly impossible to use as a zoom when the screen is up. Same goes for the lock switch, which is on the bottom (in landscape). Would have been much better on the sides, as it would be easier to lock after a phone call, for example.*Copy and paste is kinda sporadic. While you can copy all you want on webpages, I couldn't copy a phone number from one contact to another in the phonebook.*The stand is nice, but it swings out way too deep and feels a bit too weak. I'm afraid I'll break it someday.*Little portrait support as of now, but I think it'll be fixed soon.So there you have it. My impressions of the n900. There is still a lot of exploration to be done, but I can honestly say this is the best phone/mobile device I've ever owned. In spite of a few shortcomings, its an amazing piece of technology. A lot of things I didn't mention probably will be fixed within a firmware or two so that isn't a problem. I hope this helps anyone who is on a fence on buying one, good luck!

I have owned this phone/pocket computer for a week now and these are my thoughts on it. Overall nice construction feels firmer than my old N95 and works well as a phone. I like the way the browser handles web pages impressive. I have customized my desktops and have all my important shortcuts and bookmarks close at hand (take time out to do that). Good camera image quality and video.(thats not important to me cause i own and use nikons, canons, panasonics, ect.)NOW for the peeves!!!Nokia could you explain why you cannot resize the font in the contacts especially the actual numbers!!!! Really that is just wrong in a phone that cost $547 bucks of my hard earned unrecession proofed money. When are you (NOKIA) going to correct this really big HUMBUG??? Don't get me wrong I love the phone and swear by nokia, however anytime I am using a contact with multiple numbers I have to reach for a magnifying glass (DON'T TRY THAT WHILE Driving remember Will Smith in 'Seven Pounds')My next peeve is the fact that my Bluetooth Hands free drops off every now and again when the phone is not active. At first i thought it was a brand thing (got a Motorola kit in the car) but when it happened with my nokia and my no name made in china headsets I got worried. Hey NOKIA if you have firmware upgrades that can fix these two things you would make me a happy camper. Garnet Richardson has been a nokia user and fan for more than 10 years and I still give the N900 4 STARS

Exactly what I wanted in a cell phone -- unlocked phone so I can easily switch SIM  cards as I travel; plenty of memory; high quality camera; high quality built; plenty of apps out of the box; and a splendid screen.Wish: more flexibility to decide between the portrait and landscape.Nokia N900 Unlocked Phone/Mobile Computer with 3.5-Inch Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Maemo Browser, 32 GB--U.S. Version with Full Warranty

Im very pleased with my new Nokia N900, looks nice, feels nice, and functions very well. Although I believe its a trade down from my windows mobile 7 phone I still find alot of stuff to do on this phone that I really enjoy. And hey its a Nokia! You cant go wrong with Nokia...Ordered it through amazon.com for a great price and signed up for amazon prime and got it two days later for free! Sign up for your free trial of amazon prime.. It is worth it!I still have a lot to learn about this phone but anyone with tips please comment or post a link. Thanks!

It is more than a year since I bought this mobile, and it is still working very good! The only problem, its size; it is very big and everybody notices it! But I love this phone and I can listen to all my favorite music!

This phone stopped working after less than a year of ownership. Also, buyer please be aware of listings on Amazon that indicate this phone is new or has a warranty. This phone was not manufactured for the US market and as such is not covered by Nokia's warranty. This is a fact that is being grossly misrepresented by sellers including the one that sold us this phone. Most of the phones are infact, used. Again, a fact that is misrepresented. Please don't waste your money like we did.

My anxiously awaited N900 lasted for 4 days before completely crapping out.  I have to say that the Linux based OS was great (though puzzling why they would include XTerminal as a standard app), and the phone itself, while bulky, was fine.  Camera was impressive too.  Thee general usage of the phone could stand some redevelopment (try swiping to access other parts of the panoramic desktop), and the phone is underpowered in terms of its RAM.I recommend waiting until the next iteration of this phone...

Guys this is a super phone , with great hardware, but I am still waiting on the Apps! Waiting for Nokia to come out with firmware updates, ovi store and developers to create more applications for this phone. For now I am very happy to have this phone which has the best browser in the world. everything else I believe can be fixed in the future.1000 times better than the damn Iphone, since I do not play like a kid with those millions apps that are ready for play for Iphone Users! T-mobile 3-G rocks!One year on, here is the review and reality...The charging USB socket is poorly built and broke, on a trip to Asia I fixed the socket and it broke again, I missed my N-900 so much that I have ordered the phone again, no other phone in the market comes close to N900...Why real power of Multi-tasking....No 32 GB in built memory in any of the Android or Iphones and latest NEXUS S has 16 gb memory but does not have a SD/MMC or MicroSD slot, how dumb of samsung to build this phone ?For my basic use of Email, web browsing, listing to Music and Internet Radio, this is the best available phone there is.....

After getting this I put my iPhone on Ebay the following day. There is just no comparison, this device can do so much more. Starting from the phone itself, the call clarity is orders of magnitude better and there is a seamless Skype integration so I can make/receive Skype calls anywhere. The browser is like from a different planet including Flash support, combine this with twice the resolution of the iPhone. Almost everything else is better as well; camera, hardware keyboard, openess, etc.

I'm a Linux guru; I've written Linux drivers; I use Linux every day at work and at home; the freedom and power are what keep me coming back for more.  That being said, I'm always willing to admit flaws in Linux, and one of the biggest is that it isn't marketed or packaged well but anyone who brings up desktop issues or constant changes is just fooling themselves (quick - can you name how to change the wireless settings in Windows 7? Vista? XP? 2000? notice how all those answers are different?  and yet people gripe about having to learn a new environment if they switched to Linux).I was a previous Treo 650 owner, which I kept holding onto because I could put any software I wanted on it.  Yes, even things you couldn't find for iPhone (namely, OGG support and a programming environment).  Not to mention I didn't have to pay someone $99/year for the privilege of hacking my own hardware.  I waited to upgrade for an open phone, preferably one running Linux.  I found out about the OpenMoko, but it didn't have a hardware keyboard and wasn't very well polished.  I found out about Android, but it's almost as bad as iPhone with requiring you to only program in Java.  Then I heard about the N900.This thing is truly a fully fledged computer in the palm of your hand.  The first time I opened a terminal and started typing in commands I use every day, I was in love.  The fact that almost all the apps I use on my Treo already have equivalents on the N900 makes it a dream come true.  The UI is intuitive, smooth and beautiful.  My wife, the non-computer nerd, is drooling over this device.The N900 combines everything a computer should have: power, flexibility, polish and portability.  Even if this device didn't have all the openness about it, it would still be one of the best smartphones out there.Year of Linux on the desktop?  Pssh, desktops are so 1999.  2010 will be remembered as the year Linux started taking over end user machines everywhere - from ebook readers to smartphones to netbooks to tablets - and made desktop computers irrelevant.

I have owned the iPhone 2g / 3g, and after having the N900 for 2 weeks,-incredible desktop GUI,-internet browser,-and camera... which you have probably already read about.-native tetheringbut...-my bluetooth became defective, ie. would not turn on, connect, etc.-the phone functions are very difficult to use.-exclusively two-hand centric-to do a hard reset is much more than holding down two buttons for a couple seconds (ie. iPhone), you need (Windows, download several programs and hold down buttons)-no user-friendly internet music apps, ie. Pandora, Slacker, Last FM... to do so you need to modify script (not fun)In conclusion:-I ended up returning this N900, it seems that Nokia does not have a lot of attention towards this particular device.-I got a little worried about the micro-usb problem, though it did not happen to me.-This device is for a Linux enthusiast that has some level of programming and script skill. This literally is a computer first, a phone second. It was nice to sit down and browse around on this device, but if you are driving, or multi-tasking (which you shouldn't do, but most do...) it is totally out of the question to use this. At times, the would've liked to browse sites like the iPhone does on certain pages with large text. This device made me feel like I was straining my eyes to read the fine text (and the text is very fine due to it's high def screen).If you think you might like this device, buy it through Amazon, if you don't like it in 30 days, just send it on back.Also... I ordered the Nexus One to replace this, it seems it would suit me better. Some might call me lazy for not wanting to learn how to really optimize using the N900, but I feel like a device should make my life easier and not more complicated.

I'm actually surprised that Nokia used different os for the phone. Earlier i was thinking to get Nokia N8, but it has Symbian os, which im bored with. I had hands on xpress music (5800) and nokia e52 which had symbian os, and i was not impressed with either of them, they both lack few features and touch screen wasnt that responsive. i had to say nokia n900 is the best in terms of camera, ease of use, OS, and open source. i recommend this phone, since you can tweak os and make it better, whereas in symbian you're stuck with what you have. don't get n8, get this one. i confirmed it works on at&t; perfectly fine, but not 3G service, runs on edge and Gprs. Sound quality of phone is great, much better than SE Xperia series.Pros:Multi tasking is way better than Iphone.Flash Support built in.Mozilla Firefox.additional storage up to 16 GB.Voip service. phone includes google talk, skype and many more.Cons:Lacks application.phone is little bit on heavier side. in short bulky.multi-touch is not on the phone.

This is a great Nokia phone. Not only is the touchscreen nice and smooth, but you get to make 4 different desktops to have whatever you need literally at your fingertips.  The OS is great and I haven't had any lag problems whatsoever.  Here's an overall summary:PROS:-Great camera and video quality-Browser runs java and html nicely. you see the whole page without any problems.-You can search multiple windows in the browser and close whatever you need-Messages (sms, mms, and email) alert and immediately minimize to the upper left of the screen-Call quality is outstanding-Wifi works like a charm and is fast-3G works on this phone-QWERTY is nice and convenient despite it being compact-auto rotating screen in browser and other window modes-LOTS of memory-MMS capable (a plus because most of these computer phones don't have that capability)-front camera and back camera. front can be used for video calls or qik videos-Skype works on this phone-Has a kickstand, convenient for speakerphone calls or video watching-Dual speakers for stereo soundCONS:-Skype doesn't work well on the 3G network. you have to strictly be on Wifi or else the call super lags and you lose it.-Front camera not able to be used yet with skype on this phone-Heavier than what you'd want from a phone.I strongly suggest this unit because it's the best unlocked I've had.  I always purchase Samsung or Nokia because their battery life and call quality is the best.  GET THIS PHONE!

I purchased this phone hoping that it would be the end-all, high-powered, do-everything cell phone with computer functionality.However, what it is...is, a high-powered COMPUTER with somewhat awkward cell phone functionality. Straight away, some might say, "well buy a simple telephone." Nay... I say to you, Nokia ought to be able to deliver it all - not parts of the puzzle. It should do it all, and it is close, but not quite there - yet.The problems with the cell phone functionality begin with a strange requirement to swap back-and-forth between "landscape" and "portrait" (a 90-degree movement of your hand) in order to initiate a phone call. This is obviously an oversight from the software developers who (apparently) were too busy designing the high-powered computer functionality of this "device."Another problem... the phone is extremely slick. It's easy to drop. On the other hand, the device is extraordinarily beautiful - a work of art. However, I couldn't figure out what type of case would protect it, yet not impede functionality. I didn't find a solution.Otherwise, the computer functions were amazing. And Nokia's Ovi-store is nice, even if most of the apps are not quite what I was looking for. Nokia will get there.If you're a computer geek (e.g., MS) and like tinkering with computers to make them work - this is for you. However, if you enjoy an easy-to-use powerful interface that needs no human interference to just - work, you might not be very satisfied with this Nokia product.We own three other Nokias: E71, and two E63s. All three are solid and function great as advertised. However, I cannot recommend the Nokia N900 to anyone who first wants a cell phone, and 2nd robust smart phone functionality - no matter how powerful and amazing its computer within may be.I returned the phone.

Dream phone, and those in the know will tell you this will never get outdated.  A Mobile computer and I would recommend to anyone.

This was a great phone when it worked.  I got the phone and it initially would turn off and restart itself.  Eventually, on New Years Eve, the phone turned off and restarted itself and froze during the restart.  I've repeatedly removed the battery and tried everything I could to restart the phone with no luck.  I am returning the phone to Amazon and hopefully they will send me a new one that works properly.I loved the phone when it actually worked.  It has so many great features such as Skype calling.  It's a great social tool, the text messaging is set up in a nice conversation format.  It's not a great social tool when it ruins your New Years Eve by not working.Obviously the phone was nice enough for me to give it a second try.  Hopefully the second phone will work properly.

I bought this phone in December and shortly thereafter Nokia decide to pull the support rug out from under all Symbian and Maemo users.  With no future, believable,  development plans for this phone I would have to say don't buy it.  Otherwise I really liked it.  Solid construction, great reception and phone call quality.  However, there are NO apps for this phone and none on the horizon.  Flash is stuck at 9.4 and while there is an app to mimic Flash 10 it did not work for me.  There is an update from last fall which added some features.  There is a news app and a couple of weather apps and a stock tracking app.  If you don't have a data plan but are a software developer this might be an OK platform otherwise there are many Android phones out there now with far better screens and features and most of all APPS!!!

No drm stuff. plays almost everything multimedia with no conversion needed.applications galore, all freemy Daughter is IN LOVE WITH THIS phoneFor a mini computer with a phone that lets you do what you want, the way you want to do it. This phone is perfect.wifi works great even in low signal conditionsabsolutely no problems with the touchscreengood battery life and charges fastno special s/w needed to xfer files to phone or micro sd card in phonecable to hook it up to the tv works great.operating system and programs are snappy and responsive.good looking interface with lots of free themes to choose from
