
I am an American consumer and was excited to replace my blackberry relatively cheaply. When I first received the package I was surprised that the box was entirely in Spanish and for Movistar (Spanish/Latin American carrier). The seal was broken, the phone was dirty, there was no memory card. Instructions were only in Spanish. Even the charger plug is European style, not American--i.e. you would need a *converter* to plug it in to an outlet here!! How ridiculous. The version from Excell should be advertised as a phone for European and Latin American consumers only, it is not appropriate for use in USA.

Compre el 8520 Gemini Curve, unlocked, lo lleve a T-mobile, y alla  le pusieron el chip, y funciono perfectamente. Llego en perfectas condiciones y funciona de maravilla. Me encanta. Lo recomiendo ampliamente. Me parece una de las mejores opciones en Blackberry por la relacion precio-calidad.

Great deal, phone arrived in good conditions, it is new and it works very well.I got all accessories in a sealed box.Tks a lot, Ernesto VE

I bought the phone about two weeks ago and everything works just fine except for the calls. I can't listen to the other person unless I choose the speakerphone function. I'm really very disappointed and I think I've just wasted my money since I live in Argentina and here we don't have tech support for blackberry.

I purchased this phone and requested it be delivered to my friend's address in Florida as I would be visiting her. As I would be travelling back to Jamaica I removed the packaging material. When I arrived in Jamaica two days later I attempted to charge the phone. I had it charged for over six hours. It just wouldn't take the charge (only one bar for the entire night). I removed the battery and  tried again the following morning but to no avail. I thought the battery was defective and so bought a new battery here in Jamaica. Same result. As I had disposed of the packaging in the Florida I cannot return the phone as it is. I FEEL CHEATED.

GRACIAS POR EL ENVIO, LES RECOMIENDO EL EQUIPO Y EL VENDEDOR, TODO PERFECTO,, DESDE CARACAS - VENEZUELATHANKS FOR THE DELIVERY, WE RECOMMEND THE DEVICE AND THE SELLER, ALL PERFECT, FROM CARACAS - VENEZUELA

The Phone came in perfect condition. i'm satisfied

I got this phone for my nephew.  He's thrilled with it and I've heard no complaints thus far (he's had it for about one month now).  I thought the price ($299) was good compared to others I've seen.  As usual, Amazon service was up to speed.

The Phone screen became white the first time I turned on the phone. Turning it off and on did not help. I returned the phone the very next day.

Saludos, el presente es para dejar constancia que quede bastante satisfecho por el articulo comprado el mismo satisfizo todas mis espectativas

Unfortunately the device came defective. I live in Brazil and I can not solve ...  was a disappointment for my daughter who was eager for a blackberry

The Blackberry 8520 is a great deal.  It's simple to use, has great sound quality and the track-pad is easier to use than the scroll-ball some Blackberries have.  Also it's really durable; I dropped mine in a puddle and it still works fine.The only problem I've had is that the vibrate function is terrible.  It's worse than on any phone I've ever had.  If it's in your pocket and it vibrates, it's basically impossible to feel.Besides that this phone is great, and you should definitely buy it.

El telefono me llego el dia pautado. Al abrirlo me fijo que el vidrio que protege la camara no lo trajo,le coloque la bateria para ver si todo estaba funcionando correctamente pero para mi sorpresa la bateria vino da&ntilde;ada. Lo lleve a un sitio a que le dieran lo q llaman un choque a la baeria a ver si era que estaba muy descargada pero no funciono. Tuve que comprarle una. al llegar a mi casa, espere que se descargara la bateria para realizar la primera carga y al conectar el cargador me lleve una segunda sorpresa pues el cargador tampoco sirvio. Tuve que comprarle un cargador nuevo. Luego de un mes comienzo a darme cuenta que la trackpad comenzo a quedarse pegada asi que lo lleve a un sitio especializado a cambiarsela cuando se supone que debe durar mucho tiempo. Pero al pasar unos dias con la nueva trackpad me doy cuenta que se sigue pegando y lo vuelvo a llevar con un especialista en blackberry y al agarrarlo no solo me dijo que tiene algo mas da&ntilde;ado sino que el telefono esta reconstruido y yo lo compre como un telefono nuevo. Tengo unos 2 meses con el telefono y no solo pague por el costo del telefono sino por la bateria nueva, el cargador nuevo, tracpad nuevo y de paso ya comenzo a apagarse. Por eso solo le coloque una estrella. Me estafo totalmente!!

Excellent phone recomended, the best phone very operational arrived in excellent conditionThank You blackberry

llego en perfectas condiciones y es excelente telefono, de muy buena calidad, ademas de economico, lo volveria a comprar si es necesario

Este telefono esta por encima de lo basico pero pero claro le faltan muchas funciones como 3G. Sin embargo es un excelente telefono. Se le puede descargar muchas aplicaciones de la blackberry store. el trackball responde muy bien. Lo que si no me ha gustado es que no hace Zoom a las imagenes.

- NICE AND PRACTICAL- Basic but not cheap .- very resistant to daily accidents / rain / food etc...

im quite disappointed to say i order a new phone and it look like a refurbish phone, the battery cover look like it not for the phone, a see part of the side phone done getting away, i had used a pearl 8100 and a 8320 and when loading i see blackberry or o2 but this one i seeing some kind of mtn not sure anyone have this problem with it, and the pre loaded theme not like i know of other bb phone and next time when pass had on the screen feeling all the edge plus it screen didnot come with a plastic covering like i know all new phone come with.plus i have a problem not the phone not reading the memory card, sometime ago i check on the inside and i really look used the pin that inside back of phone not corresponding with with phone actually used, it look like a waste of money so i vex.

Came unlocked and brand new even though it was advertised as good condition, its a simple cellphone without too much bells and whistles

The phone is good

I have not received the product as yet so I am not in a possession to review product and I am most upset because of the long time that it is taking

bueno la verdad llego realmente rapido fue confiable totalmente nuevo la caja sellada si me gusto desbloqueado al momento que le coloque el sin card funciono con normalidad, si realmente me gusto mucho el articulo es confiable

ordered this phone and it cannot do blackberry messenger and the phone is unlocked,cannot get internet from my service provider

La caja y el producto vino en buen estado,le coloque su tarjeta SIM y la reconocio sin problemas hasta ahora todo va perfecto el producto es totalmente nuevo.

Everything seems to be OK with this unit.However, for a smartphone with a lot of features like this one, it would take more time of usage to determine if the product has problems or not.Regarding the shipping, everything went as expected.

I had to replace the first one of these I got, and the second one (which I have now) stops ringing about once a month. You have to do a hard reset (remove battery) to get it going again. Of course, you never know when it's gone on the fritz. Definitely doesn't live up to the great BB "mystique." Buy an android phone instead. Keys are too small to type on as well.

Excelente telefono, muy contento con la compra de este gran telefono curve 8520, me parece que es super rapido, no se guinda, la navegacion por internet super rapida, tiene muchas funciones que permiten que el telefono sea una maravilla manipularlo, El manejo es un placer, ligera, todo accesible con una sola mano, no tiene la bola de cristal, es m&aacute;s r&aacute;pido y preciso que la tradicional bola le doy un 5.

I received the phone 20 days after, it come in original box with all the accesories. I give 4 stars because it come with a little problem in the trackpad for go to left and right. I solved changing it...-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Recibi el telefono 20 dias despues, vino en su caja original y con todos sus accesorios. Le doy 4 estrellas porque vino con un problemita en el trackpad para moverse hacia los lados. Lo resolvi cambiandolo.

I bought this produt for international used. I did no have any sigle problem with it. I bought unlockked so i could used with my own phone provider outside United States. So far, so good...

Very good cell phone. It is a real Unlocked International Version, I recommend it. It should be a way to have a warranty or may be we cuold have a certification that this product have been tested and it works OK. The resolution of the screen is excelent.It is not too expensive and is easy to handle.

A very good phone, rugged and reliable, as is expected from this excellent company Blackberry. Even the external components such as the battery, after years of use, still intact.

I could not get this phone to connect to my gsm network; it would not read the micro sd card I kept putting in. When connecting to WI-Fi, it would say that there was an error no videos would be played.Overall, this is a bad piece of equipment. But since I bought it without warranty, I am not surprised at the quality of this used product. i won't be doing this anymore

I ordered BlackBerry 8520 for my mom and my uncle since they did not want to use touch screen, but I had to return the phones.  Its keyboard has very small prints and its buttons are also tiny, and therefore it's hard to text or even to dial phone numbers, especially if your fingers are big . The screen is so small that it's hard to surf and read the Internet easily. The setting is complicated and its functions are not user-friendly at all.  FYI, my mom and my uncle are using touch-screen phones now.  After using them for a while, they love them.  One of the main reasons is that the keyboard appears on the big screen with big fonts.I hope the information is helpful to you.

My Blackberry 8520 came with a bad battery (I had to change it) and a duplicated or cloned (I don't know the right term)pin number!! So, sometimes, someone in Bangkok use my pin, turning off my pin; and speaks with my contacts and delete some of them!! they can change my status and the profile picture!!!Plus, the screen came full of dust in the internal side....! What can I say........

HOLA BUENAS TARDE QUIERO SABER SI HAY ALGUN PROBLEMA CON MI PEDIDO  EL BB8520 ES QUE TENGO CIERTAS DUDASGRACIAS

Es un tel&eacute;fono muy bueno, tiene excelentes funciones y adem&aacute;s acept&oacute; mi l&iacute;nea movilnet sin inconvenientes. Ya lo he usado varias semanas y estoy muy satisfecho. Es muy buen tel&eacute;fono y tiene una muy buena relaci&oacute;n precio valor. 100% recomendado...

Good evening, I turn to you to make a complaint as the Blackbery 8520 mobile purchase in November is not served repowering was shut down and send him to check everything is rebuilt bridges that made short circuit, as you may equipment sold as new when in fact they are repaired, it is deceptive sale, however the team has only two months of use and he answers me, I lost my investment, but lack of seriousness gentlemen, how many people rely on their offers and we lose our money? I appreciate the seriousness of having to respond to this complaint as serious. You do not think deserve to be affiliated to the Amazon page to fool buyers. Also write to them to let you know my complaint and dissatisfaction with the purchase on your site, it is not the first time I make purchases, but if the first time I cheated in this way.

Estamos muy contento por el producto, la atencion fue excelente la entrega fue inmediata  el blckberry es muy bueno gracias

ya con este son 5 telefonos de estos que he comprado y no he tenido ningun problema.... me han salido super buenos y de paso traen la memoria sd de 2G y eso no lo dice la publicacion

I have returned this item. Issue with item was Internet  though I was connected to the wifi I was unable to browse and back panel was having issue it was not getting fitted properly

El telefono me llego a venezuela  malo no lee la tarjeta sim, sin accesorios, menu y todo ello lo mande a reparar y me dijeron que era refurbished no le compren a este vendedor si eres del extranjero es un estafador.

I had a choice recently between getting a BlackBerry Curve for free with a new contract with my carrier (a Sprint reseller) or plunk down the cash for an iPhone without a contract.  After doing some serious number crunching, it turned out that the Curve + 2 year contract was going to be slightly cheaper (about $200) over the life of the plan.  At the same time, my 2nd generation iPod Touch was beginning to fail on me, so I figured it would all work out even in the end if I got the Curve and a new iPod versus just getting an iPhone, so I went with the iPhone 4S.  Holy mackerel, am I glad I did!  My mother got herself the exact same Curve that I would have gotten, and after struggling for nearly an hour with the thing to just get the wi-fi for my home set up and to simply add her Gmail account to the Curve, I have given up.  A process that would have taken simply minutes on an iPhone took long enough to explain exactly why RIM is going out of business soon.  This phone is a NIGHTMARE!  Get an Android, get an iPhone, heck, get a Razor or even a John's Phone.  Just stay away from this terrible, terrible device!

hola! me llego todo bien a venezuela! lo recomiendo mucho! el envio fue rapido a la direccion del currier, el embalaje fue muy bueno! todo excelente! a comprar!

Telefono original excelente precio, rapida entrega, embalaje perfecto, accesorios completos,muy satisfecho por tan buena compra, lo recomiendo,todo lo ofrecido fue concretado

Got this phone over Amazon through a friend a  couple of months ago. I've not enjoyed it a bit. Freezes and most time the joystick/tracking pad fails. Unfortunately it's without warranty,it's saddening.

Since i bought the phone the back was broken however due to illness Ieve r had a chance to return the phone. I have not been able to use none of the feature not even the camera. I would love to return it. Can't even turn it on nor off. I feel like i waste my money.Please let me know where to sent it to.

POR FAVOR NECESITO QUE ME ENV&Iacute;EN LA FACTURA POR ESTE MEDIO YA QUE LA ADUANA MAR&Iacute;TIMA DE VENEZUELA ME TIENE RETENIDO LOS TEL&Eacute;FONOS POR NO TENER FACTURA, POR FAVOR LO MAS PRONTO POSIBLE GRACIAS.

I can't complain so far. Full of features and completely a bargain. I fully recommend this cell phone to anyone who wants a decent phone and can't spend too much.

100 % recomendado para todos los usuarios de Venezuela, se coloco chip de digitel y movistar y funcionaron perfectos.... Sin problemas hasta ahora... ya tenemos 1 mes con los equipos.... recuerden comprar directamente a amazon ya que hay menos probabilidades de ser enga&ntilde;ado y/o estafado...

Equipo de muy buena calidad, c&aacute;mara de 2MP, conexi&oacute;n wifi, desbloqueado para cualquier telefon&iacute;a. Recomendable cien por cientoBlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

I have used both the iPhone 3GS and a blackberry curve 8520. I believe the blackberry is much better.The texting is great because one can customize the auto text feature.This makes texting much faster and easier.This feature is not available on the iPhone.Also on the blackberry one can run apps over another.This is very useful to listen to things on YouTube while texting.BUY THIS PHONE!!!

ok I finally got my cellphone here in venezuela. it is a really unlocked one. At first i got a bad one. i did not fuction at all. it was defective. But i talked with amazon and the just did the replacement. and now everything is ok. it comes all ok with all its accs. (: 5 stars cause they solve my problem as fast as i talked with them.

I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF I CAN USE THIS PHONE IN A COUNTRY DIFERENT THAT USA, IN MY  COUNTRY THE TECNOLOGY IS 3GSM, SO I WANT TO KNOW THAT.THANKS.

the phone arived in a blackberry box with charger, data cable and software. wont a new unlocked curve? this is it.

Recibi el BB ayer coloque mi sim y sirve prefecto como celular con Digitel aun no he activado el servicio BB. Sin embargo varias personas me han dicho que el aparato debio traer una memoria adicional que es raro que no la tenga. Quisiera saber si verdaderamente la trae o no.I received it yesterday and It works good as a Cel Phone, I don't have the BB service yet, but I'm worry because some people has told me that the BB must bring an aditional memory card, and it doesn't bring it, I want to know if that is true, if it's true what can I do to receive this aditional memory

The Blackberry was perfect, but the software was not updated! Think about updating it immediately when shipped.

Buen tel&eacute;fono y en buenas condiciones, recomiendo el vendedor!!El tel&eacute;fono se encuentra desbloqueado y no muestra ning&uacute;n desperfecto, me llego con todos los accesorios, aunque seria perfecto si viniera con aud&iacute;fonos y tarjeta de memoria!!

hi i have a problem with mi blackberry 8520, in sending my package did not come in the box usb cable and headphones,please send to my

I am a Blackberry fan.  This phone can do everything I need to do and more. I fear you would have to pry it from my cold, dead hands.

I received the phone in good condition ,I brougth it in condition: NEW but it was used and I paid for a new product. I found some pictures and sms messages with dates of december 2010 and 1 video. I talk with a people in Amazon trough chat and offered me a return mailing label but I cant return it because I put my line in it and I cant stand whithout phone because I work with it and I have little kids and comunicate with them and their teachers.

I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS MOBIL! I RECEIVED IT IN FEW TIME I WAS THINKING AND JUST NOW IS WORKING GOOD! THANKS!

Para todos los amigos de latino america que preguntan si este bb funcionara con la compania "x" de su pais, primero solo llamen a su compania y pregunten que tipo de frecuencia usan, este bb 8520 viene desbloqueado para ser usados en las 4 frecuencias de banda gsm...creo que la mayores companias de latino america trabajan con esta tecnologia, pero antes de comprarlo llamen a su compania celular y pregunten si trabajan en la frecuencia de banda gsm....espero esto les sirva.yo estoy esperando el mio ,todavia no ha llegado pero encuanto lo tenga en mis manos les cuento, lo pedi directo de amazon, nunca eh tenido problema, sale dos o tres dolares mas pero esta respaldado por la compania y las otras companias no las conosco.BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)Ahora si, 4 dias despues, ya tengo el telefono en mis manos, ya lo probe, funciona de maravilla, bateria, cargador, telefono y empaque original y nuevo, asi que no le lleven miedo, esta muy bien,,,lo recomiendo...mp3 suena muy claro y fuerte, excelente producto.....le doy cinco estrellas.

The item was recieved on time however the track ball does not work please let me know this will be resolved

I've had this phone for 3 months, and I can honestly say it is one of the best phones I've ever had. It's a really nice phone, I use it for everything. We have a home phone and I never use it, because my cell phone is so much better! When I first got my Black Berry Curve I got use to it right  away!It's a magnificent phone, it also has a really nice keypad. This phone is easy to text with and has spell check. It has an alarm and good ring tones. This phone doesn't break easy! It takes amazing photos and it has a zoom up button. It doesn't take long to charge.This is a phone for people who want a more advanced phone, then a flip up or a slide. This phone is also for people with smaller fingers, the keypad is kind of small. This phone will help you spell words correctly, it does have spell check.This phone is awesome. It is easy to figure out in stead of the touch phones. This phone is easy to text with.The only bad thing I have to say about the Black Berry Curve is that it is a little pricey. Its about $200 dollars, but the phone makes up that money!Over all it is a outstanding , easy ,and fun phone. I hope if you get this phone you'll like it. I sure love it. It does last a long time ,and it stays together when you drop it! I found that out quiet a few times! So if you drop your phone get this, you'll enjoy it!

I'm very happy with my purchase. Amazon, Blutekusa and Happy Mart were very accomplished and attentive at the time of service. I recommend them.

Hi, just received the Blackberry 8520, opened the box and thought I received a toy phone. Inserted the battery and all turned on but in Spanish. Then looked at the phone for a few minutes and decided to put it back in the box before it literally fell apart in my hand. This is an obvious bootleg version of the Blackberry 8520 Curve. Urgh sending it back because it is not as describe on website. Better luck next time...

I bought 2 units from amazon.com because of a trust issue ... got them today so far so good ... they dont come in spanish but thats not a deal breaker... comes with all its plastics looking really new... i`ll update if something happens

very nice my cellphone came as I wanted thanks amazom!!!/ muy bien mi celular llego como yo queria soy de venezuela maracaibo

DEMASIADO BUENO ESTE EQUIPO TRABAJA PERFECTO ,R&Aacute;PIDO NUNCA E TENIDO PROBLEMAS SIN MAS NADA QUE DECIR AGRADECIDO CON MI EQUIPO. BUENO BUENO TODO PERFECTO!!!!!

RECIBI MI BLACK BERRY GEMINI 8520, COMO LO QUERIA, SOLO QUE AL ABRIRLO Y QUERER COLOCAR LA BATEIRA RESULTA QUE NO CORRESPIONDIA AL BLACK BERRY 8520, SI NO AL MODELO 8900, CREO QUE DEBERIAL REVISAR LOS EQUIPOS ANTES DE DESPACHARLOSYO COMPRE DESDE VENEZUELA, AHORA DEBO COMPRAR UNA BATERIA PARA PODER USAR. AUN ASI RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR. CON CUATRO ESTRELLAS

Very good product is in good shape and functional, nowadays i am using it at Venezuela without problems. Was a gift for my cousin

The telephone works perfectly as all his accessories. Excellent price and quality of the product. Totally satisfied the experctativas. Very advisable.

i bought this phone to use when i travel to the carribbean and it worked.. it looked new..if it was used i can't tell.  it is a great phone and good price...and best of all it worked overseas with an international sim card.

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black) is a premium product, worth beyond their price ... therefore it is highly recommended for their utility

well, I'm enjoying my cell phone thanks..BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

Buying this cell phone was a big mistake! it is a useless phone, it arrived with the trackpad broken and after changing the trackpad it is still not working properly. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!

Compre el telefono directamente a Amazon.com y llego todo en perfectas condiciones, un equipo totalmente nuevo de fabrica. Hice activacion del servicio para BB en Movilnet y todo funciona perfectamente.---Buy the phone directly to Amazon.com and get everything in perfect condition, a completely new manufacturing equipment. I activation of service for Movilnet BB and everything works perfectly.

product is great, but i order it BLACK and it came BLUE.... =/ still good though

i did not receive a battery with my phone was disappointed because i had to purchase one to use the blackberry

I was asked to buy this phone by one of my friends overseas. This was an absolute value for money, it came within reasonable time and with all the accessories, he was very pleased. I'm sure he will be talking about this bargain for awhile.

Blackberry Gemini 8520 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi International Version with No Warranty (Black)

Have had this for a little over a year. Works fine. Works faster with an sd card inside. The only issue is that the side will start to peel because of the rubbery material.

Bought this item and realized that the tracking pad was not moving. Waited 2 days to get an approval for exchange but by that time my daughter somehow got the tracking pad to work. When the phone got activated, I started getting e-mails from eBay to someone else's e-mail address, which leads me to believe that I was given a refurbished phone and to top it off, no charger. What a huge, huge disappointment. I hope I would not be needing anything from this seller again.

I order the phone as a replacement.  I would not recommend this phone because the thumb pad continues to stick making it unusable.  Without a warranty you are stuck with this item.  I have purchased a newer model Blackberry that comes with a warranty.

Please note I specifically ordered a BlackBerry 8520 unlocked phone, however the phone I received was a locked phone for the AT&T; network.  This was a very disappointing moment for me, because I unwrapped the phone months after I bought it with the intention of using it  to find that it was not what I ordered.Wolsey Griffith

I am very happy with this phone ... what needed to be 100% complete q would be the flash of the camera.It is my second purchase of this phone I do, and the latter buying the phone I came with a 2GB memory, this purchase Amazon.LLC sent me instead with my first purchase I sent it another store and brought me no memory.

The phone received is definetely not new. The phone is black and de batery cover is white??. The screen came Defective. It looks like the phone was remanufactured. Not happy at all having received a product different from what you have ordered.

Sadly, my BlackBerry 8520 unlocked Phone with NO WARRANTY worked for less than 2 months.  The "smart" part of this smartphone died and I was left with just a regular cell phone that could only make and receive calls and send and receive text messages.  I had decided to purchase this phone for use in Venezuela after reading various comments for other buyers who stated that it worked fine. Unfortuneately, this is the first time that I have had a problem with any of my purchases from Amazon.

I bought this phone to my little brother. He only uses the basic: BBPin, Whatsapp, Facebook and Google Search. The phone works quite well with Digite, a GSM carrier here in Venezuela. It was a good purchase.

El tel&eacute;fono vino en muy buenas condiciones y tiene lo que dice en la publicaci&oacute;n, recomendado el vendedor. Saludos, desde Guatemala.

I got two of these phones to use overseas and it is definitely an international version and it was unlocked. The only thing is that one had "Claro" (which apparently is a telecommunications company) logo printed on the bottom quite large and noticeable. It doesn't really bother me, I am over it, but I am sure others would not care for it. I also find that the "Y" button tends to stick at times.  Also the camera does not have a flash, so I was unhappy about that, it really doesn't take very good pictures. But it works in Indonesia where I am, so it suits the purpose. Also, the model is a few years old, so the accessories for it are limited and harder to find. Overall, an average phone.

Good afternoon,I write to notify you that the team received was used and it was rusted inside. The team began to be erratic, for example I was reading the external memory. I had to take it to the repair and that I could percatar internal parts had already been rigged. Exigo please m erepongan amount paid. This is not possible.attentivelyRonny Mora

EL EQUIPO RECIBIDO VINO EN EXCELENTES CONDICIONES Y CON TODOS SUS ACCESORIOS, LA TRANSFERENCIA DE LINEA CON MI OPERADOR FUE RAPIDA Y SENCELLA, HASTA AHORA NO HAY NINGUN PROBLEMA Y ESTAN FUNCIONANDO TODAS LAS APLICACIONES EN UN 100%.

COMPRE EL TELEFONO PARA USARLO CON MOVILNET EN VENEZUELA Y DE VERDAD QUE ESTOY SATISFECHO PORQUE FUNCIONA BIEN...NO ES EL DE ULTIMA GENERACION PERO TRABAJA MUY BIEN...

Excelente Producto, tiene todo lo que necesitas, es muy completo. Solo falta el flash en su camara, pero todo lo demas, excelente! desde Venezuela Saludos

The product received was not what was shown. It was very greatly used and not in very good condition.  I will not purchase another product from this company.

todo muy bien llego mas rapido a venezuela de lo previsto y todo nuevo y en su caja,los recomiendo ampliamente

Its the WORSE phone I ever buy in my lifetime I think this company is a BIG rip off to poor people, the sell u something and its a big farce.

i bought 3 blackberry 8250, two differents sellers one is goodeal05 and the other is 11th wireless, please be aware of these sellers, the phones arent new and they came with several problems and missing accesories, one came with no battery, and the others came without usb cable and instructions and plus more than 100hours of voice usage, give me a break, i feel scammed. dont buy from these sellers, amazon should need to verify the product before shipping to the customers.

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, Y EXCELENTE SERVICIO POR PARTE DE AMAZON. SOY DE VENEZUELA RECIBI EL PRODUCTO LE ACTIVE EL PLAN BLACKBERRY CON MI PROVEEDOR DE SERVICIO Y FUNCIONA MUY BIEN.

excelente equipo practico y cumple todas las funciones de un telefono de ultima generacion es ligero y facil de entender

IT WAS MY 1ST BB I USED.FOR A PERIOD OF COUPLE OF YEARS..THEN I BOUGHT ANOTHER BB 9780 THAT WAS QUITE OK FOR 3 YEARS ... OK

i live in ecuador it works really good works in others cuontries but i need it in spanish so have to download like 3 programs to change it to spanish but i like it

Buenas noches hoy estoy recibiendo este pedido y me doy cuenta de que el celular blackverry 8520 desbloqueado que a segun funciona para todas las telefon&iacute;as no me funciona con mi SIM de movistar en Venezuela cuando no es primera vez que compro equipos por ac&aacute;. ESPERO PRONTA RESPUESTA DE USTEDES Y SOLUCION A MI PROBLEMA. GRACIAS Y BUENAS NOCHES

If u r looking for a brand new, Don't go for this. I ordered and received in time. But its not a brand new. Its very refurb. Seller didn't mention here whether its brand new or refurb. Tats not fair.. 2 stars for the product and for the sellers, i can say buyers beware..

MUY BUENO,LO RECOMIENDO,ESTE APARATO ES MUY BUENO,HAY QUE LEER BIEN LAS INSTRUCCIONES PARA CONOCER BIEN OS DETALLES Y Y DISFRUTARLO  A CABALIDAD

HelloI bought 3 months ago and I have to repair the charging pin.It supposed to be a new one.

This store sell an excellent product... they sell quality in the price, different of others store that sell on Amazon. I had a problem with another store OEM and I need to return the cell phone... but in this case, everything was perfect and I didn't lose my time to waiting an answer...I really recommend this store and product. Good quality

TELEFONO USADO, LLEG&Oacute; SIN LOS TORNILLOS TRASEROS, EN 15 DIAS DE USO, EL PIN DE CARGA Y PANTALLA DA&Ntilde;ADOSUSED ''PHONE, NO SCREWS CAME BACK, THE PIN CHARGING AND DISPLAY DAMAGED

Some people really like them but I'm not a fan of BlackBerry, this phone especially.  The buttons feel cheap and I had to be on the phone for over an hour for at least two days while carrier and I tried to figure out how to get this thing to work. I finally gave it away after having it for only two weeks.

me encanto esta compra , mucha puntualidad y responsabilidad, fue f&aacute;cil la compra , el producto me llego sin ning&uacute;n tipo de problemas, muchas gracias

Well as i say in the tittle of the review. This is a very good product, it works in excellents condition and until this moment it haven't present any problem! hope you guys continuo sellying this caind of products...!!greetings from venezuela!!26/11/2009

I have had my phone for about a month now, it feels strong, durable, everything is working great.  I am very pleased and happy with my purchase.  The only thing is that it did not come with a datacard.  I am not sure if that is normal that phones do not come with data cards?.  Other than that great buy, unlocked using in the caribean working great so far.

Good phone recently in use yet, very very recomend for all world than require a smart phone for work !!!

We bought this phone in 2013 to use full time in Mexico with a Telcel SIM card.  For the price of this now not-newest-technology phone, it's GREAT and has many more fine features than we anticipated.  It arrived on time, is indeed unlocked, and worked properly immediately upon insertion of the SIM from our crummy old phone.  We'll spend a few extra dollars to buy extra memory (doesn't need it yet).  And wow!...good concept.

Buy this article 1st of September and to date I have no problem today. 15 days ago activate the blackberry service of Digitel (Maracay, Venezuela) and so far everything has gone well, comes with built-in memory card and have had no problem whatsoever when using the functions of my blackberry curve 8520. We recommend.Compre este articulo el 1ero de Septiembre y hasta la fecha de hoy no tengo problema. Hace 15 dias active el servicio blackberry de Digitel (Maracay-Venezuela) y hasta ahora todo ha salido bien, viene con tarjeta de memoria incluida y no he tenido inconveniente alguno al momento de usar las funciones de mi blackberry curve 8520. Lo Recomiendo.

good morning you need to contact me because I arrived this package without the phone who had asked to make such

Todo bien pero lo unico malo no me llego la funda no se si se la robarian en la aduana o es que esta version no la trae

The phone came all right, but the BATTERY did not last more than two hours. Was DAMAGED. I had to buy a new batery.

HOLA  AMIGOS ESCRIBO EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL PARA QUE LOS AMIGOS DE VENEZUELA PEDI DOS BB LES ACTIVES PLANES DIFERENTES UNO MOVISTAR Y EL OTRO DIGITEL FUNCIONAN PERFECTAMENTE HASTA AHORA VINIERON SELLADOS DE CAJA CON TODOS SU ACCESORIOS EN PERFECTO ESTADO ME LLEGARON SUPER RAPIDO TIENEN MEMORIA DE 2GB INTEGRADA LO RECOMIENDO ALMAMENTE PARA VENEZUELA FUNCIONA GENIAL

I need my money back, my cellphone works but all the applications I download like what's app or viber dont't work,when I turn the phone on it gives a java message.i am traveling nod not staying connected to my folks back home is devistating.

even though was ok i give it 3/5 because the phone was wrapped in a piece of cardboard, no memory card, the manual all in spanish, it gets slow at times, and the bluetooth does not work with my mac ox

los telefonos se compraron hace un a&ntilde;o y realmente son de muy buena calidad no tuve ningun problema al desbloquearlo y colocarle la linea de preferencia usada aca en venezuela.

I bought this phone in March of this year, this was the worst purchase that I've made on Amazon thus far. From receiving the phone, I've had problems with it. So far I've changed the keyboard, screen, roller ball, and battery. Three weeks ago, the phone totally shut off and has not turned on since. This was a waste of money and time. I would seriously recommend NOT buying cell phones from Amazon or this vendor!!!!!!!!

it was perfect, the phone is a good product, I have it since a little more than a year and it still works perfectly. It is compatible to the phone companies in Venezuela.

It works with almost all SIM cards allowing me to have the same phone and contact information in all countries I visit.

I'm counting down the days when I first gotten my Blackberry Curve 8520 about three days after it just came out with T-Mobile... and I didn't know what to expect. It's going to be on the 17th of August that I will have my BB for one year, and so far while there has been bumps in our relationship... sticking it out regardless of temptation was well worth it.It does what it is told, and even more... it told me when my friend's birthday was, and while I didn't have the slightest clue, I sent them a text message later that day. It tells me when I should do my homework, and also tells me when to start heading off to class so I can turn it in. It has a Calculator that I can operate while its under my desk. It has a simple Google app that I can search in... whenever a friend has a question that we can't quite answer. I have my friends there... my family... and even more.I even wrote it a poem.I love my Blackberry, yes I doWhat else is there to say?

The version of the BlackBerry 8520 phone to request international version does not bring the Spanish option, just bring the English language. I can not make calls because neither hear nor did I hear and does not bring a manual in several languages. The letter "M" sticks. That unfortunate to lose my money

Todo el proceso fue un exito cumplieron al pie de la letra todo lo establecido, en cuento a la compro solo que falto una factura comercial

I been using this phone for almost 3 months so far it works perfect, good battery and very good signal. That's what I want in a phone and I got it. I recomend it

They sent me the worng phone... I received a Curve.So far it seems to work fine, but the parts of the charger are wrong, they just don't fit to one another.Also there is supposed to be a memory card and it did not come with the phone either. Kind of dissapointing actually.I believe I will manage, but it is just not right and wanted you all out there to be ware.

Compre este equipo hace unos meses y todo llego en perfectas condiciones. Soy de Venezuela y funciona perfectamente con Movistar. Buen equipo.

Blackberry it's an ok brand, this 8520 works fairly good, I use this phone for traveling and for basic tasks.

it a shame for someone to sell something like that a broken down phone with water danage and rust why would u sell that to somedody

excelente equipo muy buno, me llego r&aacute;pido. lo estoy aprovechando al maximo. recomiendo comprar en amzon

all fine, time to go, cel, courier and the telephone is very easy manager, all so good, 100 % satisfaced

Just got this phone from Amazon. Tried with Tmobile SIM and the radio works with Edge/GSM.I am able to connect to WiFi router successfully BUT the UMA (Unlicensed Mobile Access) softwareis missing in the device !!!I badly need to make voice calls over internet through WiFi (UMA). Any ideas if it exists in it?Or can I install UMA software for 8520 from somewhereThanksRegards-bharat

saludos a todos compre un celular bb 8520 que segun la publicacion era nuevo y me mandaron uno refabricado y ademas malo...ya se ha llevado a servicio tecnico y el celular no sirve...por lo tanto me considero estafado... si ofrecen un producto nuevo porque manda uno reconstruido y malo de paso..que verguenza...eso deja ucho que pensar sobre los vendedores de amazon.... yo soy asiduo comprador por este medio y me sorprendelo irresponsable que fueron..NO COMPREN ESTE PRODUCTO PUEDE VENIR MALO Y RECONSTRUIDO....ATT ALVARO GARCIAGreetings to all 8520 bb buy a cell phone that according to the publication was new and they sent me a remanufactured and also bad ... and has been technical service and the phone does not work ... so I feel cheated ... if they offer a new product because it sends a wrong step rebuilt and that shame ... .. uch that leaves you thinking about amazon sellers .... I am a regular purchaser hereby surprise him irresponsible and I were ..BUY THIS PRODUCT CAN NOT COME BAD AND REBUILT ALVARO GARCIA ATT ....

the product is quite interesting deveria only have a higher resolution camera, however the photos are quite acceptable

I bought the Curve 8520, from BlackBerry, it is compact and simple. It has what everyone needs in order of smartphones. It worth what it costs you get understandable functions and some usefull apps.

this is a great item, i have no issues with it at all.i would recommend this to all of my friends, works great.the only problem i had was with the shipping, it came a little later then what i expected, but anyway. its wonderful, this is a really good buy, i suggest you get a NEW phone, not a used one for some of my friends bought the used one, and had many issues.

This is My first BlackBerry, so I dont have a lot of references about this phone.Untill now has worked perfectly, is smaller than previous BB so is pretty easy handle it.For this price is an excellent investment.

I just got this phone and so far am extremely pleased with it.  The tutorial is a great intro to the phone features.  The trackpad makes the screen easy to navigate.  I also made a call with it and call quality is fairly good--the friend I called had just gotten a new T-Mobile phone, so not sure if the slight echo was on my end or hers.  I got used to the keyboard fairly quickly and have sent a few texts.  Although the keys may be smaller than other models, I was still able to text with no trouble.  The battery wasn't fully charged so it's charging now.  Not sure about battery life, but will see how long it takes me to go through a full battery.This phone has so many great features, is light and easy to use--even for someone like me, who hasn't had a smart phone before.

I bought this phone for my mother and girlfriend and i can say for sure that is a great device, easy to use, great display, great keyboard and the track pad what can i say, just smooth, i don't know about the durability of the track pad but it seems that is going to last longer that the track ball. i would recommend this phone for starters in this world of smart-phones, it very easy to use and to understand the phone.

Parece raro que este tel&eacute;fono g&eacute;minis no trae espa&ntilde;ol en las opciones de cambio de lenguaje, mas que raro ins&oacute;lito, porque estos tel&eacute;fonos son multilenguaje, pareciera un tel&eacute;fono reconstruido, o usado previamente, y que le fueron eliminados los lenguajes para hacer mas espacio en la memoria de este smartphone, NO satisfecho con la compra. Por favor a los futuros compradores, espero se asesoren bien con el vendedor, y se aseguren de que la informaci&oacute;n que se menciona para la venta del tel&eacute;fono sea la misma para el momento de la entrega.

Before being an Iphone Junkie, this phone was perfect for me. It's durable and good in all aspects. The only thing is the same thing that all bb has: software is very unstable. But when you buy one, you know it.

Excelente Producto Rapido en envio por liberty express a venezuela y barata y en atencion excelente, lo recomiendo excelente calidad

very good at all. what I expected. I recommend it to anyone who can buy it. I was not upset anything.

Can't set up email through blackberry now tigerdirect can't find my order number or information.

Great Buy! all expected was sucessful, delivery shipping, customer service quality, new box, all accesories. The phone works Excelent! battery, software, everything...even when is used in other country (Venezuela), remember is UNLOCKED! Go ahead and enjoy your experience in new generation Blackberry trakpad and OS UPDATED!

This BB works well. Not great. The Bold 9780 works much better, faster, and has much better photo quality. Both might freeze once in a while but this will do it more often. If you don't mind spending twice as much on a phone, I suggest you the Bold model. But if your budget is tight this phone will do it. This phone is a bit pricy, should be $120 for what it is, but BB are generally overpriced. This is a great phone for a person that loses phones constantly and wants a working BB. Or if you let your phone fall a lot or let it go for a dive in the pool (even though it will not work later). But if you are a careful person I suggest you buy a Bold model, take good care of it, and enjoy its benefits, avoid headaches, and take very good pictures. I value greatly a good camera on a phone because these pictures will last forever if you save them properly. And it is always better to have a good quality camera. Imagine taking the picture of your life (with a celebrity, or friends, or idk who) with a bad camera. Not worth risking. The curve is ok but the Bold is better. The bold is twice the price but twice as better (not perfect thought).

My original BB 8520 broke, I ordered the unlocked "international edition" to replace it. I was a little concerned that it wouldn't function properly with my T mobile network, but so far I haven't found any problems and it works just like my old one. Much better than signing a new contract to get a discount or paying 300+ to get it from Tmobile store.

Fue una buena compra pero no saio como yo queria porque yo coloque mala la suite les recomiendo que lenan bien porque les puede pasar como yo !

En el mes de junio 2012 realice una compra de 01 un tel&eacute;fono modelo Blackberry 8520, el cual cuando lo comenc&eacute; a usar a la semana se colgaba y no hacia movimientos a los lados (Trackpad Sensor). Y cuando lo mande a reparar por la falla me informaron que el tel&eacute;fono es usado y no nuevo como usted me lo vendi&oacute;.Gracias por hacerme perder mi dinero y tiempo.Lorena Alvarez

I recommend them are excellent and timely, and the phone came to me in perfect condition with all accessories and was super fast, thank you from Venezuela

he comprado dos black berry 8520 y es una oferta enga&ntilde;osa ya que en las oferta dicen que son aparatos nuevos y no lo son asi como dicen que son negros y los envian rosado esto es una burla al clienteI bought two black berry 8520 and is misleading as an offer in the range say they are new devices and are not as well as say they are black and pink send this customer is a joke

excellent buy, came brand new with all parts, no battery problems, 100% recommended. I bought two phones because it was recommended

Wait until yesterday to give the phone to my mom as a gift and it turns out that the computer has a fault in the mains connector, to charge the battery problems. That disappointment.

resulto ser un buen telefono a pesar de todo, me siento satisfecha por el dinero invertido. pueden comprar, pero no esperen algo como de agencia. Pero obtendr&aacute;n un buen telefono.

llego en excelente condiciones y al el tiempo requerido a mi sobrino le encanto, esta en excelente condiciones y a tiempo

el equipo funciona muy bien, contiene todos los accesorios que el vendedor especifica, lo &uacute;nico que en el men&uacute; de idioma no posee el espa&ntilde;ol, 100% recomendando excelente compra..

Used to have a Pearl with numerous problems, finally had enough of it and decided to upgrade. Sprint has a deal going on right now where you get $50 for your old phone, and since I was over a year due, I got a $[...] rebate too. So my opinion may be a bit skewed as I got this phone for free. Gotta be honest I HATED Blackberry and didn't understand the attraction to the company when I had my Pearl as it was over-overwhelmingly disappointing since day 1.Well I'm happy to say that I am probably a permanent fan of the BB thanks to this phone. 1st: Thank god BB got rid of the ball, as the sensor-tracker is 100 times better. My ball would go bad, get dirty, etc. This is probably the best tracker I've seen on any phone including the iPhone. I love the BB Messenger capabilities, love the qwerty pad, love the speed of the phone. I have yet to find one flaw regarding the mechanics of this phone. Have downloaded 2 apps thus far for free--Pandora Internet Radio and Google Maps which are must haves (don't even bother using the Maps app loaded on the phone, its terrible) and both have worked like a charm.The only thing I miss is the flash for the camera, as it seems my Pearl took excellent photos compared to a lot of other phones. I haven't had great luck with this one so far, but like I said, its a very small issue compared to the other flaws that have gone away since my upgrade.Not sure how this phone works on other networks, but Sprint is EXCELLENT. I was with AT&T; for years and hated it, and I will never understand its popularity except for the fact its the only network with the never-ending praised, over-rated over-priced iPhone. Sprint may not be popular with the "hip" kids these days (but who cares) however I have nothing but good things to say about Sprint, as its coverage and its service are the best I've ever had.If I had the dough, I might saddle up for the Bold, as it seems to be just like this phone but has a couple better features like a better operating system, a higher mega-pixel camera, better speakers for music, ability for a 32G card, and might last better in the long run. But again, the going price for that is $[...], and how can I complain or compare the 2 when I got mine for free? This Curve is probably the best phone deal of my life.If you're a person who hasn't owned a Blackberry before and you're looking to get into it without breaking the bank, this IS the phone I recommend. I have friends who have BB's and like I said I've owned one previously too, and this is BY FAR the best one I've come upon for the price. These things will be unstoppable when they start supporting Flash, which will blow iPhone out of the water, so hopefully isn't too far off.You will love this phone!

No doubt about what Amazon has provided is a genuine product. Packaged as described. Nice price for such a good product. I do already have two Blackberry phones..... quite satisfy with the company. Light phone with full featutred capabilities of advance phone. Go for it if you are looking for good smart phone in under $200 price. You won't make any better deal than this.

Received in time. Excellent conditions. Tested with sim cards of 3 operator in Vzla (movistar, movilnet and digitel) and worked well with all of them.Bad: did not have the language spanish preloaded, but it was easy to solve (install) using the BB Desktop ManagerI recommend this product and the seller.

This one was not for me but I know it was a good phone and it worked good, so everything is ok with it :)

Ok, i bought this phone to sent it to venezuela the big new is that i couldnot activate it cuz it was stolen, so the serial number of the phone is blocked internationaly.. Unfortunately the phone company could not activate it... I lost my money... Please dont buy phones from this user any more!!!

I just received the phone in new condition, but cannot get it to charge.  the red light comes on when you plug it in but goes out after about one minute.  Doing the same thing everytime I try.  Seems like the battery is not good - so I have not been able to see it working.  I will buy a new battery and see if it works.  I like the phone, if I can get it to turn on.  Dissapointed.

Telefono llego en buenas condiciones tal cual como se supone vendr&iacute;a recomiendo ampliamente al vendedor por ser una persona muy seria y cumplida

Excellent Buy...  It my first Blackberry and I think it a great phone and easy to Use  however  the keys are small for me so took little time to get use to the Keys..  It doesn't have 3G and but it is still a very  fast phone.  The features are great except for the camera. Other than that you wouldn't get any complaints with this phone from me...

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)Seguridad y responsabilidad total al momento de pagar con tarjeta de cr&eacute;dito... Lo recomiendo para futuras compras. = )

El equipo tuvo como destino Venezuela. No hubo ningun inconveniente. Fue comprado directamente a la tienda amazon.com.Recomiendo y garantizo 100% seguro tanto el funcionamiento del equipo como los servicios prestados por la tienda amazon.com.

it works fine until the cursor starts going bad. getting stuck and not allowing selection. since it's not easy to transfer data from 1 unit to another, i got stuck with it. now i really have to replace it.

EL CELULAR QUE COMPRE ERA PARA HACER UN REGALO A UNA AMIGA, LO &Uacute;NICO QUE PUEDO DECIR QUE ELLA ESTA MUY CONTENTA CON EL  Y POR LA TRA&Iacute;DA FUE COMO ME LO INDICO EL COMERCIANTE.

oferte este blackberry por uno nuevo y me enviaron uno RECONSTRUIDO, y para completar vino con el sensor de direcci&oacute;n de movimiento da&ntilde;ado!! El tel&eacute;fono no vino ni con el serial ni con el pin! espero una respuesta! NO LO RECOMIENDO!

me gusto el precio del producto , llego a tiempo, considero volver a comprar por esta v&iacute;a un tel&eacute;fono como al proveedor que me lo vendi&oacute;

funciona perfectamentamente y la entrega fue de manera opurtuna en el plazo estipulado. Se encuentra en caja  debidamente protegido para q no sufra ning&uacute;n da&ntilde;o.

I have used this "Gemini" for almost a year and it sometimes disapoints me.What's good:-good value (quite cheap)-good qwerty keyboard-a lot of features (wifi, bluetooth, camera, qwerty, etc)-good sizeWhat's bad:-slow performance (it is fast when I don't subscribe blackberry service and just use it for call+sms)-bad battery life. I Need to charge it everyday. On heavy usage, it may ask to be recharge twice a day. When I don't subscribe the blackberry service it can last for 3 days.-camera quality is not good-radiation level maybe too strong when wifi is turned on-navigation button isn't so durable-function buttons isn't comfortable to useIf you have a limited budget, this phone can be very useful. But if you have more budget, just get "Onyx" instead.

This is an excellent device it works really good!!it is in perfect conditions,i`m from Venezuela and what i just did was put my sim card in the BB turn it on, and then i went to movistar i ask them for the BB service and i got  my pin :) buy this product!!!!

Great basic phone. This phone gives you hours and hours of battery life and it's great for texting and calling.

I love the bbm messaging, I love the calendar, it is neet and slim.  Great access to internet, great navigation.  I definately give this phone 5 stars.

I bought this for father who lives overseas. He loves it. Even at this age, he can use the product without any problem.

I love my new cell phone.. It came perfectly though the middle key didnt work well at the beggining, but after a few hours (3 aprox) it worked perfectly fine!! it was like magic or something.. or maybe it just went crazy for a bit... I love it.. I think its such a girly cellphone... hahaha just kidding..  It's a huge change from my old cell to a blackberry... absolutely recommend it

I PURCHASE THIS PHONE FOR A FRIEND IN THE END SHE LIKE IT AND WISH IT CAME WITH A MANUAL

Excelente equipo, funciona a la perfeccion, lo unico malo como todo telefono inteligente es que la bateria no dura mucho. Funciona en Venezuela muy bien. Excelente venededor, lo recomiendo.

So this phone worked fine in the US. But I got it because it has international capabilities, however, when my mother took it to Tanzania, it crashed,.. Now I have to buy a new phone(-:

Muy buen producto, llego en el tiempo prometido, en excelentes condiciones y con todos sus accesorios, el embalaje es perfecto, los recomiendo 100 %.

Item being reviewedBlackBerry Gemini 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)BlackBerry Gemini 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

I' m very upset, with this dealer that is why they say there is no warranty, the phone they sold me didn't work, and several stores had told me that there is a problem with the inner antenna, that can't be fixed and my problem is that I paid $200 for something that never worked, I don't know how others write good comments about this dealer, but I learn the lesson never buy something without warranty, no matter how good the price sounds, You will regret it later

Great service and product! It is 100% unlocked and you can use it anywhere in the world.

It does everything I need.  I have used this phone hard and its still perfect.  It's a work horse.  High five to the blackberry.

i really enjoy using this phone. it works well and i am such a blackberry lover just cant update to an android

This product have not received it but I hope it is a new and unlocked for international use hope I never have problem with the product as it is for use here in Venezuela

It's funcionally, grat, and simple cel phone, and works in Caracas Venezuela, whit no problem, i'm garantied that......lo recomiendo ampliamente es excelente cel sencillo yutil para l oque l onecesitas si buscas un blackberry funcional y que tenga todo a un bajo precio este es el indicado y funciona totalmente desbloquedo en cualquier banda

Very good phone! I used to have an older version of the Curve, then went to an Iphone 4, and am now back to a BB. The Iphone was not for me because it was on AT&T and the AT&T service at my house is terrible. The BB is great because if you don't have a data plan (which I chose not to have) you can still have WIFI. Iphone will not work without a data plan. I did try to have my Iphone unlocked so I could use it with T-Mobile but was unsuccessful. The features on the BB are very good though, so I'm not missing having an Iphone. The one thing about ordering this BB is that all the directions are in Spanish - no English. But it's easy to download directions for the phone from BB's website. Overall, if you want an easy to use, reliable phone, I highly recommend this one.

no recomendo a nadie q combre de este vendedor yo perdi mi plata y mi tlf q me mandaron danado

the blackberry smart phone its very good, it has all the aplications that i need for work, enterteinment and any application that i expect in an smart phone.

>>Muy buena atencion y servicio- Excelente producto....La comunicacion maravillosa desde el principio. EL TELEFONO DE MUY BUENA CALIDAD. LOS RECOMIENDO AL 100%

The Blackberry itself works fine, but none of the applications i.e. facebook, twitter, and myspace, do not work on the phone.  I realized that its not the apps, but the phone that has the issue.  Since there's no refunds from this buyer I'm out of luck.

excellent blackberry! I'm not one for the touch screens so I was very pleased when I found that a BB Curve was available!!  It's been an awesome phone!!

I bought this for a work phone for voice, sms, data and wi-fi. The screen is smaller than many expensive smart phones but it serves my purpose at a cheap price. The wi-fi works well and I added a memory card for music. I use regular headphones and sound is goo.

I bought a Blackberry 8520 from this seller in 2010 for international use, and my phone company informed me that RIM would not allow PIN service on this phone because it was reported as stolen.So they refurbish stolen phones and sell them as new for international use withoun warranty.My recomendation is that no body risks being ripped off by this criminals that should not offer their products in places like Amazon.

Great buy..takes some time getting use to the keys which are a bit smaller especially if your fingers are not average size but when it comes to features, it has all that you want in a blackberry and more. Downloads are quick and easy to read. The tracking square is much easier than the ball and the price is great as well for the type of phone. It lost no points from me..

I purchase two Blackberry Curve in July of this year.  I received both phones, however one was defective.  I have not been able to use one of them at all.  In fact, I have not been able to use it as the phone cannot even be charged.I am very disappointed as my money seem to be wasted.  This is a rip off.  How can you buy s phone that is suppose to be new and cannot even get a day's service from it.  Potential Buyers be warned!

It's a really good price for an unlocked blackberry, especially one of the newer models. I needed an unlocked phone so my uncle could activate and use it in Venezuela

From the most high tech and latest state-of-the-art cell phone how much of its total features do you use?  I guess that on average most of us barely use about 45% of all features.  This phone covers those features very well without getting to techy or too cumbersome.  For quick business trips, for quick and easy use, this phone works extremely well. Just be patient with the tiny keys on the keyboard in case you mispell words while typing. Great delivery, on time, well packaged, and consistent to its price. Highly recommended if you're looking for a good phone with more than just basic functions, unlocked so you can use it internationally with a local SIM card, and at a very reasonable price.

I found it very cool during the first month, I was soooo exited!I was one of the first girls with a Blackberry and the fact that I was the one who found it on amazon and convinced my father to use his credit card so as to pay for it made me even more proud. But by the end of that month I went to my friend's birthday party and the screen went white!My Blackberry didn't respond and I could not make it work!Can you believe that?I mean, after spending 188 dolars (which I had saved for quite a long time, after a series of birthdays) my Blackberry didn't work! Above all, I live in South America so having a broken Blackberry ment that I could not repair it unless I had bought it in my country (which I did not, I bought it during my trip to New York City)So I must admit my adquisition went totally wrong, nowadays whenever I am using my Blackberry the screen goes white after 5 or 15 minutes so I must charge it and wait until I can use it again.So my attept to get this phone went wrong  and I am trying very hard to fix my blackberry so if you have any idea on how fixing my cellphone please comment.You would be helping me a lot!Warm regards,MEMYSELF13

I recenlty bought this phone and have not subscribed to any packages offering BB services, and what I am finding is that I do indeed have a smartphone with no extra fees. I must add that I spend most of my time in Wi-fi environments. At home, and at work there are no issues. Use the net, check Facebook, even go here to Amazon sans trouble.Some of my colleaguges have BB's and pay for subcriptions for apps like Facebook, which is nice if you are addicted to this (understanding many are) but if in Wi-fi surroundings - voila, a smartphone with one fee: the purchace.Where it does lose points, as pointed out in other reviews, is that it is not 100% intuitive to use, but if you have had a few mobiles (and you probably have had) it will come shortly. Shloud be a 4.25 or 4.5 as a rating.

BlackBerry is dead now but back then this BB was a good one it did work a lot for me until I got my iphone.

excelent blackberry, most of my friends on the university are planning to change their blackberrys to this one.the only thing that i didn't like, was that it didn't bring the leather case neither the memory card.but, beside that, i'm happy.

Product came just like the description said. The only problem it couldnt get here fast enough. No problem tracking package. I will definently be ordering from the Oem shop in the future.

el telefono celular me vino en exelentes condiciones en su caja original su cargador manos libre cable usb y sus distintos manuales de usuario adicional tambien trajo una sd de 2 gb exelente vendedor

tuve que mandar a repararlo y costo mucho el teclado no le funcionaba! por lo que tuve que sacar mas de mi presupuesto para poder utilizar el producto....

I have not received this &iacute;tem yet, I'm angry for it. I need my Blackberry, I paid for it. what happened?

No words can explain how great a phone this is. It's amazing for texting; connectiing with friends & family; and it's like your new best friend. Get it & your won't regret.

Hey guys,i live in Argentina,and i need to know if this phone will work here!Blackberrys are so expensive here.Can you help me out?Thanks

Buen producto buen vendedor y tal como esperaba el pedido llego a la fecha indicada y en buen estado. Vendedor muy serio y responsable.

It came in perfect conditions and has been working good, not so sure about if it's new or refurbished because of some details in the keyboard and data, but it's really good!

Great product!!! Have had a blackberry for a while but broke it!! Did not exitate to get a new one!!  Just miss the flash on this one!! If you need a business tool go for it!

The Blackberry 8520 is a very reliable phone. It works very well with Sprint and it is one of the better Blackberries. This phone has a very nice camera and it has a very amazing blackberry app world.  Plus, it is almost indestructible. This phone has a full keyboard and has two buttons on the side that you could set to your liking, like to lock your phone or even view your messages. The Blackberry also has very good internet connection no matter where you are.

Buenos D&iacute;as, compre un equipo con el cual no estoy nada satisfecho por que a pesar de que dec&iacute;a que era nuevo el equipo vino con muchas fallas entre las que menciono: la carcasa me vino partida, las conexiones de WIFI y de bluetooth no funcionan, a las dos semana de haberlo puesto en funcionamiento se le borro el software y se le coloco nuevamente, hace poco la pantalla se puso totalmente en blanco, para ser un equipo "nuevo" tiene demasiadas fallas

it looks really used and i want my money back a new product come with headsets and without dust!!!!!!!!!! extremely dissapointed and to think i wanted to give this to someone

My friend loves it. But had a little defect! Good thing I knew how to fix phones so problem solved.

Me llego en buen estado y super rapido, no tengo ninguna queja, hasta los momentos el equipo a funcionado muy bien...

I have this phone and T Mobile service. Visited three T Mobile stores to get it a new battery and explained several times that I had to keep in touch with my 90 year old mother who had just had a heart attack in California, while I traveled in Poland, Belarus, Lithuania, and Russia. NOT ONE of the sales technicians explained that there would be enormous surcharges, as much at $17.95 for a three minute call from Moscow. They are completely uninformed about the service, as well as about instructions for the foreign service icon on the screen, which concierges at five star hotels in Warsaw and Moscow told me never works anyway. They also fail to tell you not to keep your phone on because you will be charged (and this was $5000 plus, which they sheepishly removed) if you get emails on your phone.VERY BAD CHOICE of phone if you plan foreign travel!

For starters, the volume is very low and one can not hear very well most of the time.  The keys, can they get any smaller?  Quality is avg at best.  The only reason I have the phone is because it is free - work pays for it.

excellent product and service, the cellphone was brand new and without any issue. thanks for your help and excellent price

Picture quality is very poor. if u need to make calls and send emails only this phone is for u.

Me llego en el tiempo estipulado, buena presentaci&oacute;n llego en su caja con sus accesorios a penas llego lo probe y funciono perfecto, por lo tanto lo recomiendo. Ah soy de Venezuela.

sorry but I sent the invoice for the product the urgent need, if I send the invoice to the address you return the product. happy day

Very nice phone: unlocked, delivery shipping OK, new box, the only bad thing is that this model doesn't iclude any leather case neither the memory card. The phone works correctly! battery, software already updated, everything...even when is used in different country: It's working perfectly with Movistar line, Venezuela.

bueno para ser primera ves que compro algo por aqu&iacute; quede satisfecho y es muy bueno el producto me llego en el tiempo estipulado excelente lo recomiendo ampliamente

el producto excelente llego sin ningun problema y funciona perfectamente en venezuela con mi chip digitel, totalmente nuevo en su caja original sellada, con todos sus accesorio, cargador y adaptadore, cable de transmision de datos, manos libres manuales y cd, lo compre directamente a amazon y repito excelente el producto totalmente nuevo

Buen Dia,se recibio en el casillero correspondiente destino de mi actual direccion el paquete de la compra realizada, sin embargo NO SE RECIBIO LA FACTURA COMERCIAL.FAVOR ENVIAR LA FACTURA COMERCIAL A LA DIRECCION DE ENVIO INDICADA EN MI CUENTA

This team will not buy it for my nephew, is no international version, is AT & T, normal rest. I have not used but my nephew is doing very well with it. Also I think the team is not completely new. By entering the battery cover will damage one of the fasteners, and with the backing to buy him and he realizes that. It has a small manufacturing defect where you enter the SIM, has a protruding plastic to be lifted in order to enter it.

Compre un BlackBerry y pague un envio Express, me cobraron el envio Express y el paquete tardo en llegar 6 dias, yo necesitaba que llagara rapido ya que tenia un familiar que venia para venezuela, y el paquete llego una hora antes que saliera para el aeropuerto. Me parece una falta de seriedad y un robo. Por otra parte el telefono llego en mal estado ya que tiene el migrofono da&ntilde;ado, Y  el tlf tiene unas marcas como que halla sido destapado para repararlo o revisarlo, cuando yo hice la compra en ningun lado decia que fuera repontenciado.NO RECOMIENDO A ESTOS VENDEDORES SON UNOS LADRONES.

el equipo llego en buen estado pero el mismo d&iacute;a que lo comenc&eacute; a usar se me apago y as&iacute; mismo sucede cada vez que se recalienta y es un martirio porque todos los dias se me apaga quisiera devolverlo pero lamentablemente no tiene garant&iacute;a y estoy en Venezuela que decepcion

Do not buy this phone. 2 weeks after i purchased this phone all the keys stopped responding. track pad wasnt even working.  The battery also had a red spot indicating that it had gotten wet.Since there is no warrenty its a waste buy.

I'm happy with this phone so far.  I upgraded from a 8120 Pearl and I'm really glad I did.  I'll never have a phone without a full QWERTY keyboard again.  Also, if you don't have a data plan but would like to use WIFI you can upgrade your OS to 5.0.0.2.  Just Google for upgrades and find it.  After the upgrade all the extra functions were available and the WIFI works great.  So far so good.  The transaction was handled well and the delivery was prompt.

I haven't words for describe this Black Berry is amazing and fast very good, very nice and not heavy for me is the one and is very beautiful

I bought this cel to Alpha1 Sales, and is bad, the jogstick dont work and the battery is almost burn, the worst part is that I made this purchase from out of USA, so the process to return the item is to compicated and expensive......

Im very happy with my BB and the service Amazon gave me. I had a problem with my first shipping...no BB in the box, I was shocked. I called and they sent me a new one. Now Im happy! Thanks Amazon for helping me.

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)Excelente equipo, llego en perfecto estado con el cargador y cable USB. Lo unico es que no viene con el idioma espa&ntilde;ol, pero se actualiza el sotware y funciona perfectamente... Lo recomiendo es muy bueno!!!

Mi opini&oacute;n personal sobre este equipo es que es sencillamente Genial. Vengo de un Curve 8330 (CDMA) y la velocidad de procesamiento es un choque entre ambos equipos. En el 8330 su fuerte es la estabilidad de la RED EVDO pero en el Gemini es su procesador que lo convierte en una de las mejores opciones. Ademas, el trackpad que es estupendo.

Wow I bought this almost two years ago, it works like a gem but the housing was damage easily but that's a small issue

Simplemente sensacional. Un equipo que destaca por su relaci&oacute;n calidad - precio. No tiene que envidiarle caracter&iacute;sticas a otros modelos de series superiores de la familia BlackBerry. La falta de GPS es de comprenderse por ser un modelo econ&oacute;mico. Imperdonable la ausencia de flash y, por qu&eacute; no, de la tecnolog&iacute;a 3G (el Gemini usa EDGE).Sorprende la pantalla por su resoluci&oacute;n, brillo, contraste, nitidez y velocidad de respuesta. Es un acierto incre&iacute;ble el cambio del "trackball" al "pad". El sonido es claro, preciso y potente ya sea a trav&eacute;s de los auriculares o el altavoz. Las teclas, aunque un poco peque&ntilde;as para los dedos de los caballeros (dudo que una dama pueda sentirlas peque&ntilde;as), son firmes y suaves.No se dejen enga&ntilde;ar ante su apariencia de pl&aacute;stico. La verdad es que es muy liviano y fuerte. Goza del conector correcto para un smartphone moderno: micro - USB. Tambi&eacute;n cuenta con el popularmente conocido y usado conector de 3,5 mm para el "handsfree". Importante la presencia de teclas multimedia en la parte superior.Incluye cargador con la propiedad de intercambiar enchufes de acuerdo a la zona de uso. El juego de enchufes viene inclu&iacute;do. Tambi&eacute;n se suministra cable de sincronizaci&oacute;n a PC - Mac, "handsfree", una memoria micro - SD de 2 GB, disco con software BlackBerry y los respectivos manuales.El sistema operativo (BlackBerry OS) es extremadamente s&oacute;lido y funcional. Las caracter&iacute;sticas multimedia son las de esperar en un smartphone de este tipo. La mensajer&iacute;a instant&aacute;nea y el uso de redes sociales son f&aacute;ciles de usar gracias al equipo hardware - software llamado BlackBerry 8520 Gemini Curve. No te arrepentir&aacute;s de tenerlo en tus manos.

Great phone. Just delivered on time. Works perfect in Ecuador, South America where I use it!!

since 2 year i bougth this phone and still work correctly, just the household need a replacement, unlocked for all carriers

quisiera saber porque si compre mi producto el dia de ayer no ha sid enviado???? dice que llegara el 19 de mayo y aun no ha salido??

I went to this phone after my grandson threw my 2 year old Blackberry Pearl in pool.  (The Pearl dried out and works fine after spending several days in a sealed bowl of rice.)  I am very happy with the 8520 Gemini Curve - keyboard is easy to use and video is great.  Photos come out better outside vs. inside but still better than the Pearl.  I've used this phone for a month and so far no complaints at all.  I would recommend this phone and I swear by Blackberry's after the abuse my Pearl took - stepped on and dropped many times...then the dunk in the pool and it still works like new. The Curve is definitely a step up in features and looks cool too.

vendedor serio, el telefono llego en el tiempo previsto y en perfectas condiciones por lo que lo recomiendo ampliamente! nice nice !!!!!

good phone thanks

me llego con todos sus accesorios, perfecto estado, lo unico malo es la resolucion de la camara, muy baja en comparacion a otros de los mismo Mp. no trae memoria ni manos libres

Very satisfied with the purchase, the product was received in the due date, product quality and very good transaction with the seller, works to perfection with the operators of the country very happy with the product quality 100%

The product i got was the one i expected. Everything, the phone and the other stuff were completely new. it works perfectly. It arrived to venezuela in excelent condition and in the term we calculated. Thanks!!!

This phone was purchase to go to Jamaica to use with another network, I must say that it works perfect.it never give a problem all I have to do is put in your sim card and you are ready to go.

I was happy when i received my package from the mail. The box and its content came in an excellent condition. Though I was quite disappointed on how long it took to reach i'm still happy i got it.

Recomendado 100 % excelente producto, rapida entrega y embalaje, estoy muy contenta por haber realizado esta compra a AMAZON, los felicito por su atenci&oacute;n, gracias

i havent tried this out yet because im getting a blackberry and i want to open my options to see what's goofd out there. i want to know if this phone will work if u have an at&t family plan because this is a smart phone and i hear that family plans dont really work well enough for smat phones' internet. if anybody that works at at&t knows about this, or anybody in general, please respond to this if u can because im curios and i want to know. thank you!

The Blackberry 8520 is a versatile, easy to use and very powerful smartphone.I bought it for my 14 year old daughter, and she is very happy with this phone.Our family members are Blackberry fans, and one of the things we love is the Blackberry messenger which allows us to communicate easily and at no additional cost.

This phone seems to be a "Lite" version of a BlackBerry, if you can call it that.  It lacks some of the power that other BlackBerries have - namely, it couldn't work with my job's BES server.  Which is not good.  But in terms of being able to surf the web, and text, and all that good stuff - it's a pretty good phone.This happens to be the first BlackBerry to get the new trackpad, which, I must say, is an excellent replacement for the trackball.  I like its sensitivity - if you don't, you can change it in the General Settings of the phone.I would probably recommend this phone for people who are new to the BlackBerry world - it's a good way to get used to the BlackBerry interface, and develop skills on the platform before getting to the A++ BlackBerry phones (read: Bold and Bold 2, as well as the Storm 2).

Es una muy buena adquisici&oacute;n con muy buena velocidad y la bater&iacute;a aguanta todas las exigencias.Recomendado

Todo bien, el equipo me llego en perfectas condiciones y con todos sus accesorios!Recomiendo ampliamente al vendedor hassle free cellDesde aqui de Puerto Ordaz Venezuela.

This is my first Blackberry. I used to have HTC pocket PCs, but I really got a crush on bb. I'm online 24h a day now and I think it's soooo easy and practical. It keeps me up to date with everything on the web and I don't miss anything.The things I like the most are the virtual communities and facilities like Twitter, Facebook and others.Blackberry really rocks!!!!! And it's so cute too!

good AfternoonThe reason I write it is that on Monday I received here in Venezuela the requested product, the problem is that when you open and use the sensor Jostick or middle ball is damaged or does not move one way or another and not to want to serve I would like to know that solution can give the product as the request indicated that it was me again and I came with this defect.regardsjohn king

This BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone does not work. I know that It was used, but in any time it works..

An excellent phone... there are two things missing in it, a GPS and a camara flash.

The phone was exactly as advertised.  My only complain is that the wall charger came with european style plug, but I had the right adaptor.  I used it, straight from the box with my Digitel line in Venezuela.  No problem !

Thanks Amazon for sending this phone right on time. This item was for my daughter who lives in Peru so she told me that is working great!

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)Buenas tardes el DIA 27 de mayo de 2011 REALICE una compra de un BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black) ()el cual no fue prosesado como entregado por la compa&ntilde;ia liberty Express en miami debido a la falta de datos en el paquete su factura correspondiente por favor le agradezco su pronta respuesta para que dicha compa&ntilde;ia pueda prosesar y enviar eL paquete a su destino ya que no me ha sido entregado.Atentamente  JENNY HERNANDEZ VE94756 8536 NW 66TH ST Liberty Express C.A MIAMI, FLORIDA 33166-2635 United States

excelente vendedor, atento y comunicativo al momento de las preguntas, el equipo geminis 8520 completo con todos sus accesorios funciona muy bien aqui en venezuela totalmente nuevo lo recomiendo 100%

I purchased this item (BlackBerry Gemini 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty Black) on November, 2010 and the same was advertised as new. I had to repair the camera of this item last week as the same was damaged. When I sent this item for repair I was informed that this item is refurbished, not new. I am very dissapointed because I paid for a new item, no for a refurbished one.

Excelente trato mucha amabilidad buena recomendaci&oacute;n en cuanto a los art&iacute;culos y los precios buenas buen ambiente de compra muy buen servicio .

Given to a friend. Worked well when received. Was just what the friend wanted. She was happy with it. Was unlocked as described.

i was lookin for a new cell phone with internet access my other phone was a old samsung push button phone that i had for 4 years.i saw this blackberry at amazon and said why not.the price was good and the phone was in excellent condition.when i got it i was amazed how easy it was to set up and use.the wifi was also easy to set up and i love this phone.

The Blackberry 8530 is a light weight small phone which seems a little fragile.  I have been using the phone for a week with no complaint.  The keypad is for small hands and it is more for the low end Blackberry user.

Bought it for a friend ,he just charged and placed his sim and that was it ,came with a leather pouch to hold the phone on your waist .

Excellent mobile phone, I used for 3 years, and never had a problem. It never disapointed me. Good and effective

To be honest, I got the phone a few days in advance. I upgraded from a samsung gravity 2. and I'm only a few days into having it but so far it works perfectly and smoothly. Only bad part about the phone is that download limit of 2.9 Mb so song wise its not too good but I'm pretty happy with it. Don't know how it will be in the future but I saw that these guys didn't have too many reviews so wanted to add my 2 cents to it. Good guys, good product, and great shipping. Thanks!

Is the third blackberry 8520 I bought and the products are in perfect conditions.Nice price and good phone.

I WAS EXCITED ABOUT GOING BACK TO REG TYPING INSTEAD OF TOUCH THAT WAS DRIVING ME NUTS...THE PHONE LOOKS AWESOME KEYS PRETTY ITSY BITS..IF YOUR OVER 40 AND HAVE THE PROBLEM OF NOT BEING ABLE TO SEE ANYMORE...THIS PHONE IS NOT FOR YOU..UNLESS YOU PUT YOUR READERS ON ALL THE TIME..EVERYTHING IS SO TINY..EVERYTHING I TRIED TO DO ON HERE SAYS THIS PHONE NOT COMPATIBLE...WHEN TRIED TO BUY APPS SAYS OWNER DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO BUY? UMM THE OWNER? THE SPEAKERPHONE WAS GREAT..HAD LOST OS RING TONES AND NICE WALLPAPER SELECTIONS...I LIKED THE PHONE BUT IT JUST WOULDN'T LET ME DO SO MANY THINGS...I TRIED TO DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK WHICH I USE EVERYDAY..AGAIN SAYS PHONE NOT COMPATIBLE  :o*(  SO I AM RETURNING....

Not even two weeks passed that the phone broke down. I doesn't hold the charge;it doesn't charge at all thru the USB port.Took the phone for a revision on a local shop and they told me that the mini USB port was broken.The only way that I could use the phone is to buy an external battery charger and a second battery. It solve the problem of using the telephone but as you can inmagine , It will not ne able to synch with the BB Desktop Software if the phone needs and upgrate of OS.Very dissapointed that this happened.

Todo ha ido muy bien con mi compra, es tal cual como esta en la publicaci&oacute;n y todo ha ido muy bien, estoy complacida con el tel&eacute;fono!

I have some trouble with a independent seller and the order was canceled but  after the reorder through amazon direct handling everything was ok....

n the month of March I made a purchase of a pair of shoes and two phones and both phones had problems. One pin did not work because it came factory locked, as prescribed by the telephone company and the other was recently damaged the screen and when I take my service had indicated that it was used old parts together with glue and could see rust to send the other phone review and concluded that both phones were refurbished.I paid for two new phones refurbished used phones vendieros I feel cheated by amazon and companies that sell please exigo there an answer to my problem.thank you, carefulRafael Pinto

Always buy things from amazon directly, they are responsable and everything always arrive fast and just like you ordered, excellent cell phone, the only down is the camera wich has no good resolution and no flash, but the rest ist OK

Me llego en buen estado (TODO) muy bueno soy de VENEZUELA y me ha llegado de buena forma el producto, ning&uacute;n ray&oacute;n ninguna falla nada en absoluto muy bueno 5 estrellas

The item has a great relation price vs. quality. It is very usefull to buy an item unblocked.

Excelente producto.. lamentablemente los metodos de envio utilizados no fueron de mi agrado!! en una calificacion de 1 a 10 lo califico como 5!.. seleccione el envio expreso; por el que me cobraron 32 D&oacute;lares adicionales, y lleg&oacute; a destino 1 dia despues del mencionado por Amazon!.. el destino era en Florida y la tienda de origen tambien.. revisando el historial del trayecto, resulta que el equipo lleg&oacute; hasta Kentucky!!.. no me explico eso! &iquest;?... podemos decir que le dio la vuelta al mundo para ir de un punto a otro! que estaban a solo algunos Kms de distancia!! no se quien es el responsable.. pero considero que si cobran 32 $ adicionales por un envio "expreso" deberian cumplir!! o devolver el dinero!..

I think that I have written a review on this phone already, but I'm very happy so far! I got for my God Childrens Grandmother in Jamaica and I tested it out! It is unlocked works with my att sim card too

Good phone, but it is locked to TMobile network and I had couple problems with them, their service is not the greatest.

New, it works perfect, unlocked, I haven't had any problem at all with this mobile.. Just like I wanted.. excellent

very accurate definition, very good shape of the phone, do not come with battery and charger but is a good buy!,

I bought this from local carrier, the phone has a perfect size and it's built with very good materials. The screen has a good size as well. If you are looking for a phone to play games or download cool apps, this is not for you, the BB Application market is limited for this model.I really like how easy is to set up any email account on it and the way it syncs email. you can see word docs, ppts and others straight from email with its integrated office tool.I give it 4 starts just because I wish it to be a little faster sometimes and because of the limited apps, the camera isn't too great either but i'm happy with it.

Excelente vendedor, el equipo me lleg&oacute; sin problemas y en perfectas condiciones a la puerta de mi casa. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.

este telefono es muy completo no presento ninguna falla excelente.,. es muy eficaz el envio mucha responsabilidad y puntualidad gracias.

unfortunately I can not say, because the product no arrived at my destination address and the seller is not responsible UnlockedCellPhoneKings. so I do not recommend to buy from this seller.Escuchar

Elsewhere I purchased BlackBerrys and have been installed with the Spanish language, unfortunately these do not last due tirnen download and hope it does not present other problems

There was no disclosure about receiving a Spanish manual and CD.  I do not speak nor understand Spanish and Amazon.com did not disclose that I would strictly receive a Spanish manual & CD.  I did chat with Amazon representative who could not give a satisfactory answer than to go download English manual online.  What about the CD?BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

It worked perfectly for a week. Then it started to freeze, and after two days it died completely. I tried everything but didn't work. In the process I lost all my contacts and valuable info. It seems this one was damaged or something, before I bought it it seems that all reviews were positive. So it might be only defective. In any case, I think I am switching to something different.

well i bought this phone over 2 weeks ago and its not good at all, the camera sucks, enough say

It's surprising! I was a Nokia fan until I got this RIM BB 8520! It's really functional and easy to use! Has a lot of shortcuts and configurations but poor in apps (in my country - Brasil - the GPS function is disabled)... Allright, then... My cell phone is for business use mostly and when I want to play, I'd rather go to my ps or pc... It has some interesting games... So, it fits perfectly for me! I recommend!

Muy buen producto, sin novedad al llegar a mi hogar, totalmente desbloqueado, insert&eacute; mi chip de movistar y todo bien!!! y sin marcas ni nada.. se los recomiendosaludos desde Guayaquil- Ecuador

vendedor muy responsable el equipo se recibio en perfecto estado y con todos sus componentes, funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n estoy muy contento con la compra lo recomiendo 100%.....

Hola buenos dias.. soy de venezuela, caracas,, compre este productu y hasta ahora ha salido buenisimo... lo traje por liberty express y me salio en 390 el envio.. lo recomiendo ;)

I love my phone is in good price and complete all that remained was the memory, but when I turn on the equipment works quickly and technology is GSM unlocked asecta any type of line and function normally, and more in Venezuela.comprehensive and easy recommend. I love

i have not recevied my blackberry now have i received any information on it! DISAPPOINTED. EXTREMELY. yet my money was taken of

The BlackBerry Curve 8520 smartphone fits neatly in your hand, and comes with a full QWERTY keyboard that makes typing and sending messages easy, and comfortable. The bright screen displays over 65,000 colors, providing a great viewing experience. Access what's important with trackpad navigation. Like a laptop, the trackpad lets you scroll through menus, icons, and information by gliding your finger over it. Press and click to select an item and navigate to where you want to go. Control music and multimedia with dedicated media keys found atop the new BlackBerry Curve 8520 smartphone. Skip over songs, pause music to talk, or repeat your favorites over and over. You can even mute phone calls with the easy-access mute button.

The best experience! the Blackberry 8520 was exactly as discribed, it arrived on time, it works perfect! and it's really unlocked for other countries thanks!

I have been buying stuff from Amazon from years and I have never received such a bad quality merchandise, I got this phone and I plugged in the charger and it exploded, thank god nothing happened to anyone in my family, don't buy from this supplier.

I got this Blackberry 8520 about a month ago and it is just perfect. I got one brand new sold by Amazon and I was very anxious to get it since I had a terrible experience last year when I got one from another seller, paid the price for a new BB and got one refurbished and stolen (BB PIN# was fake).I'm very happy with my recent purchase 'cause everything came brand new, in a box, with manuals, headphones, battery, etc. So far this phone is great, qwerty keyboard is awesome and trackpad is so cool. I have it fully working down in Brazil.

Recibi el producto en buenas condiciones, el empaque un poco deteriorado, pero el equipo celular en perfecto estado. Llego a venezuela un mes despues. el celular esta en servicio, no presenta problemas. El unico detalle, es que la betria esta trabajando aproximadamente 36 horas, y se descarga, pero en lineas generales, fue satisfactorio la compra con AMAZON...Gracias

Soy de venezuela el producto vino malo, lo mandee a reparar aqui y me dijeron que ya tenia varias reparaciones echas, y aqui los catalogaban como nuevo!! mal vendedor mal producto

the same as advertised brand new!. all the part was in the box that came with it. i was impressed with the delivery part of it the most.

until now is a good phone. I just came to Venezuela with Digital and install it worked perfectly. I love my BB ... The 8520 is good phone, very useful and practical. The only bad thing is that it does not bring the camera flash, but the rest is one of the best for mehasta los momentos es un buen celular. apenas me llego a Venezuela lo instale con Digital y funciono a la perfeccion. me encanta mi BB... El 8520 es buen telefono,muy util y practico. Lo unico malo es que no trae flash en la camara, pero del resto es uno de los mejores para mi

Received the phone with what looks like its original BB packaging. I was able to setup and configure right away with now problem until i started making calls from my phone book. It adds a (+861) prefix on the telephone number which makes it an international call to somewhere in Asia. had to call Tmobile for support and had me update the firmware which did not work still. Anyway to make the story short i just had to take out the number(1) infront of the telephone number registered on the phone book and everything worked.

I HAD THIS PHONE WHICH IS OK FOR TALKING,RECEIVING E-MAILS AND MESSAGES.NICE PHONE.A WASTE OF TIME IF YOU PRETEND TO SURF THE INTERNET OR ACCESS WEB PAGES, IT'S VERY,VERY,EXASPERATING SLOW. MANY WEB PAGES WILL CANCELL BY TIMEOUT.I DON'T THINK IT'S HONEST BY THE MANUFACTURER OR THE SERVICE PROVIDER TO SELL INTERNET ACCESS FOR USERS WITH THIS DEVICE, IT'S USELESS UNLESS THE ONLY THING YOU HAVE TO DO IN LIFE IS SIT AND WAIT FOREVER.THIS IS A 2G DEVICE, A MOBILE DEVICE  TO ACCESS THE INTERNET SHOULD BE AT LEAST 3G OR BETTER 4G.THIS WAS MY FIRST PHONE WITH INTERNET ACCESS AND THE PEOPLE AT COMCEL IN COLOMBIA DID NOT ADVICE ME ON HOW INADEQUATE THIS DEVICE WAS FOR WEB ACCESS, I FEEL I WASTRICKED (OR RIPPED)BY THEM INTO BUYING THIS PHONE, AT THAT TIME I WAS NOT AWARE OF THIS 2-3G SPEEDS CRAP.

El producto nuevo, sellado en excelente condici&oacute;n, todos los accesorios indicados en la caja; al recibir en Venezuela fui con Movilnet y active el plan sin problemas, 100% recomendado!!! gracias

Product arrived on time and the package included a leather case for the phone(beautiful) It is to be used overseas and hopefully the reviews received should be great

I had bought this for my nephew and he loved it a lot. He still has it and it has served him well. He is just now going to try to upgrade to a new phone.

The product arrived on time, in good conditions and ready to use. Something like this I needed it in order to be in touch with my friends and parents. It is a good smartphone with a good price/product relationship. It has wi-fi, very important for me, because I work in no good telephone signal area, but wi-fi makes I still in touch.

Excellent service. The phone arrived on time and complete. Product recieved is as discribed. No problem start up. Installed activated sim card and phone was ready to use.

This phone works great and I had great survice. I just took the SIM card out of my old phone and placed it in this one and it worked :) its does come in a defferent lanuage but if you go to the blackberry menu and then go to the folder with the green gaget looking thing, use google traslate and you can change the lanuage easy.

The phone arrived in perfect condition, brand new, just add the chip and started to work correctly, highly recommended, you can buy with confidence.Comes in its sealed box with charger, software, headphones and instructive.

this is a good product, its features and applications. works as it should be.is compact, and easy to use.

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)everything came well excellent all good

My company standard for wireless communications is Blacberry, so, after I lost my old 8310, I decided to get the Gemini: good looking, newer OS, trackpad instead of the trackball.To this date, I'm very happy with the phone, I realize that there are very few functions this blackberry hasn't that are being offered on the most expensive and advanced models. Nevertheless, my use of the phone is very demanding (as well as our corporate standards) and it is usual to have to wait for the phone to stop showing th clock to start using it, which is the main reason to not rate it as a 5 star product.

Well, mi cel phone is here with me!! its was a very nice purchase!! thank you so much!!

this phone is an older model but has a lot of features that are used today, has a great resale value and looks great

The cell phone is unlocked as stated and comes brand new in an original box with all the accesories. Its a great phone...just put in the gsm sim card and ready to go!!

el telefono llego rapido y y en perfecto estado no vino con ninguna manana fusiona al pelo

Estoy muy contenta con mi compra, el tiempo de entrega dentro de lo esperado, el B.B. funciona MUY bien por lo que LO RECOMIENDO!!!!!

Well this whole Blackberry arrived in good condition sent him good packaging and all accessoriesthe only thing that did not bring was the memory or battery vehicleotherwise all good

not much to say but i good phone came on time but it was just that i change my mind after getting it nothing to do with the company came on time was brand new everything

nice phone, all works great, simple but functional, they sent what they said, new phone unopened box just plug the sim and lets talk and text just a activation in my companie and its ready, to work.

I bought the General Terms and received in good with a time appropriate. I recommend making purchases on this site.Thanks

I've bought this item and I received it in this conditions: the phone has the AT&T logo, the box isn't a genuine BlackBerry box (just oem), and the wall charger is not for my phone!! Could you believe that? You buy some phone and the charger doesn't work with it!! I am worried about this situation and I won't buy any other BlackBerry through Amazon.com. They do need to review their MarketPlace BlackBerry sellers.

Este celular lo compre mediante un amigo le llego a la direccion de el y el me trajo a Ecuador todo estaba perfecto el telefono nuevo todo empacado inclusive me vino una tarjeta de memoria de 2gb dentro del telefono lo unico que este celular era fabricado en un pais europeo y no venia con el programa en espa&ntilde;ol pero no hubo problema ya que mediante las aplicaciones pude instalarle el idioma espa&ntilde;ol,por cierto le probe chips de las dos operadoradoras mas conocidas del pais(claro,movistar) en las dos funciono excelente sin necesidad de hacerle algo al telefono y hasta ahora no me ha dado problema todo esta bien y lorecomiendo mucho por cierto yo lo compre directo a amazon.

I bought this item as new and they send me a refurbished phone. It is important to tell the truth to the costumers about the conditions of the phone in order to avoid negative comments. However, I need to say that the telephone is working really well inside and outside the country.

Good product, Good. Warm and are responsible 100% recommended to buy and Thanks for the service and keep it up

The Blackberry 8520 show here, turns to be a Curve and not a Gemini, although this is not really important because the phone as exactly the same features.Now let's try a pros/cons list.Pros:- The phone keyboard is quite good, it takes some time to get use to but is pretty good!- The OS is easy to use and easy to update too.- The phone has many applications, of course, this is not an Iphone (which is good!) and you will not find thousands of applications but still there are quite a few and so far, all of them work really good.- Receiving emails directly to the phone is useful but this is a feature that many other phones already have.- Love the trackpad (I personally hate the trackball, is kinda sucky)Now let's try some consCons:- The camera, is above average and in my opinion, it could be a lot better.- The battery life is kinda short, only like 5-6 hours using ONLY the BlackBerry Msn. Using other applications like the Windows live messenger, ubersocial and facebook can diminish this time roughly to the half and maybe less.- Rebooting times takes forever, sometimes it takes over 7-10 mins!In another matters, the phone arrived at perfect conditions with all it's accessories. It took my sim card without a problem and is working like a charm with my mobile company.

Uno de los tres tel&eacute;fonos que les compr&eacute; no funciona, no hay manera de que arranque a funcionar, solo se queda iniciando el funcionamiento hasta la barra que dice blackberry y no entra a la pantalla principal.

I bought this cell as a little birthday gift for my friend- he likes it! and it is not expensive, right?

The phone was in good working condition and new. However, the entire manual was in spanish (which I do not know a word of). So I've had to ask friends who have the same phone for instructions or help in finding certain things in the phone. The phone was even in spanish, I had to select a bunch of options until I saw English...this sucks.

After seeing these advertised and all the hype that went with it, I didn't hesitate in getting one. I was happy up until my hubby bought a HTC desire S. As soon as I used his phone I became bitterly disappointed with my blackberry because compared with my hubby's it does nothing. I ended up giving my blackberry to my neice and getting myself a galaxy S2 which by far out-ranks this. I guess it would suit some people, but I would not ever buy a blackberry again. The apps are limited, it freezes up and was overall a disappointment.

I am satisfied with the product, is a good phone, everything arrived in perfect condition, Iused the phone and everything works fine

I bought two devices and one battery was missing. Both came preloaded with kind of custom light OS for setting up which I had to disable. The scroll button of one of them moved a little bit down after 1 month of use but still works. They are truly unlocked. I'm using them outside US. It is not worth 146 usd I paid each. Regards.

Punctuation I chose this because it came as I expected, when I received a year ago was in his box all in order but the product came with multiple failures such as: does not work and led the VibraCall no use in describing He said it was new but it seems not. I suggest to this store if you want to keep their customers from sending products not patched, what else works.

Claim ...Good day, I did not find any other way to make claim. In my credit card, there is a charge for $ 79 I do not know to apply because my purchase is 99.49 dollars for a black berry and samsumg 198.98 for two phones. Now send me an email telling me I should check my payment method and do not understand why?Show me please what is the reason why we can not make the payment because they correspond to 79 dollars ..can write to desiree15784@hotmail.com

A truly unlocked phone. I charged it and it was ready to go.  It is no iphone, but for those who would like to be introduced to the Blackberry user interface, this is your phone.

The instruction manual and CD that come with the phone are completely in SPANISH! However, when you turn the phone on it is all in ENGLISH! I had to send the phone back because I do not speak or read Spanish!

This is a good basic phone.  I used it and then also sold it for $40 after using it a lot.

I recently ordered a Blackberry 8520 unlocked phone for use internationally. When I recieved said order, it in fact was not a 8520, but a Blackberry Curve; of which I think may have been re-furbished. I didn't want the hassle of returning the Curve because I need to use a phone immediately. it was beautiful. it took me time to see and get used to the keys because they are kind-of small. If you want bigger buttons get 8330, my sister has one, wish I could switch with her. which I really like to.. about this phone. Its sleek and easy to navigate.

me ha ido muy bien con el equipo, ya me adapte al BB, afilie el plan de movistar y funciona correctamente, lo recomiendo, es un tlf q tiene casi todas las caracteristicas funcionales de un tlf inteligente, lo unico q me incomoda es q no tiene flash la camara pero de resto fino!

Ordered this from amazon last month. The phone worked for a a few weeks but the optical track-pad stopped working all of a sudden one day and the phone became completely useless after that. I have serious doubts about the build quality of this phone. Amazon customer service was great though. They promised a full refund and I just sent the the phone to them.

the bb was excelent i liked soooo much and all it's good with it the track and everything all was good

friend,Dont buy this cellphone to Ross Cellular because they sell cellphone damage and then they dont pay. the garantee is 15 day.

I received the product in Venezuela in excellent condition, thanks for everything, I recommend 100% to the seller.The Blackberry has been in operation for several months without any problems, is an excellent phone and everything works fine, one of them had a little detail on the screen is a little loose, but 100% functionalThought of returning but got more expensive the shipping to the U.S. from Venezuela to send it for repair here.

This BlackBerry 8520 is most reliable, the features fits perfectly into my everyday use and need..Its the perfect phone for anyone.

too expensive. the web browser is too slow. few apps. bad battery which cannot last for even a whole day! the resolution for the screen is too slow. If I can choose again, I will buy a Android smartphone.

Exelente producto, tambien es una buena forma de comprar, recomiendo este producto y tambien esta linea de compras, 100% responsables

Really, excelent. Me gusta conocer todos los detalles del producto para saber si se adec&uacute;a a mis necesidades, y que tipo de servicios prestan ustedes. hasta ahora todo me ha ido muy bienThanks.

Thank you for your seriousness at the time of sending the item offered. All acquisition was done very well. Greetings from Ecuador

I like these phones because I know the president has one. It doesn't take great pictures, it's not bluetooth compatible with other phones and its system cracks from time to time. I rated it a 4 because of all these reasons. Otherwise, I would have gave it a 5!!! It's my presidential mobile phone!

el celular llego en buen estado sin problemas auque tengo una acotacion no me enviaron las facturas del equipo gracias

me llego el producto BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)' en muy buen estado. lo recomiendo

I had a Blackberry Flip 8220. The keyboard was sulfated due to humidity among other reasons (said by technician). I didn't do a "electrostatic bath" to fix it. I bought another Blackberry because it is a must-have in Venezuela. "Give me your me PIN" has changed the "Give me your number"Anyway, the package comes with the charger, manual, headphones (cheap ones). I recommend buying the original Silicone Case for a little anti-scratch protection. Another thing is the screen protector. Very useful. If you want something anti-everything get a Otterbox case.It comes with an old OS. You have to update it with BB DM using the USB-cable (provided). It has a better CPU, more RAM, etc. Better than the old one I had. But I got the problem again with the keypad. It is being "sulfated" again... Many people has this problem. I don't know what's the solution. If anyone, help. The trackpad is a way BETTER option than the trackball. Wifi works great. Bluetooth still the same long procedure to transfer a file (I think security reasons).

Compre directamente a Amazon! Y, como siempre, quede satisfecha con la compra! El producto vino nuevo de paquete, con todos los accesorios originales! La caja sellada! En fin, recomiendo comprar directamente a Amazon... son 100% responsables con su clientela!

This device has only two things: its resistance to accidental falls and its QWERTY keyboard for those who like that keyboard.The rest is terrible:- Camera of 2MB without flash, and very poor quality of the images- NO 3G/4G support, so your internet conection is unbeliavle slow.- NO GPS incorporated, so your position on google maps is not accurate- Terrible browser technology, that barely supports any "image-rich" website- No access to Android or Apple markets, since it uses and old outdated blackberry world marketplace with very few applications- Poor reception in Philadelphia and NYC area...in general wherever there are high buildings around- Slow processor, barely 400MhzFor the price of a blackberry you are better off getting an Android phone from Samsung like the Galaxy Mini or Ace. Better technology and access to tons of apps.I have the blackberry but I hate it. I can't wait to renew my contract in May.

the phone at first looks in great condition but then when i started using the phone the phone would shut off then turn back on after 2 mins of use. At first i thought it was because of the battery not charged all the way but then after the battery was charged fully it still kept on with this problem noted i got a used one. But ive had this phone before and its a great phone. i suggest getting a new one not a used one never know what ur goin to get.

El tel&eacute;fono llego a tiempo, en excelentes condiciones y con todos sus accesorios. Esta funcionando muy bien. Recomiendo el telefono.

The phone lasted a long time, my problem was more so with the inability to set alarms and when you set to-do items on your calendar and set an alarm to go off no sound went off to warn you.

This Blackberry 8520 is unlocked and therefore can be used in different countries which is goo for people travel a lot. The phone itself is quite light for being a Blackberry and it has some outdated software. The trackpad is wonderful but it feels a little too loose for my liking. Using is on T-Mobile in NYC where I always have full bars, this never gets above 3. Also it is still on edge, which is 2 generations old. But overall it is a good phone and mind you that they give some spanish intructions and a cd. It came with a headset, charger and came with world power adapters which is a nice freebie.Well, you get what you pay for and with this phone, thats a lot.

Phone been plagued with problems just after couple months of using it....Blanking out, sticking, keys not functioning.I opened the phone and the amount of dirt in the phone could grow crops. I guess that is what you get for being cheap.

It looks brand new, i got headphones, a charger and even a usb port one. No scratches or anything !

Muy buen equipo sin ningun problema, responsable en la entrega y funciono con todas las operadoras de Venezuela.Estoy muy contenta con mi compra lo recomiendo

The celphone was new and it has been work as good as the fist time i turned on perfect and quick send bie fedex... works perfecly and was unlocked :)

very god

Its perfect, excelent product, the trackpad make a diference, works perfectly and is not too expensive.!!

Please I need an image of the commercial invoice be sent by email to libertyexpress. They have asked me the invoice to bring me the package to Venezuela.. Can you send it to me by e-mail?ThanksFrancisco De Sousa

I gave it a four because when I first got it, it took me time to see and get used to the keys because they are kind-of small. If you want bigger buttons get 8330, my sister has one, wish I could switch with hers, but mine is newer and no tracking ball, which I really like to.. about this phone. Its sleek and easy to navigate..Before I had this one I had the 8120, ah--big difference the charge on 8520 last longer and takes a little time to charge up, but its worth it. Also, the keys I wished lighted up a bit brighter, BUT like I said once you have it after a few days you get used to it. My one problem with as I am thinking off the top of my head ..is there are not enough apps to go with or themes made for this model.I am a geek for that, but as of now I have been able to download a few off my blackberry 8120 to my 8520.Also, checking around i was able to get a few more themes, that are just awesome. The 2gb memory card that comes with it I took out and put in my 4gb from my 8120 in it. I read somewhere it can go to 16gb and pretty soon it will go 34gb...its in the works now.I will say the quality in web browsing is GREAT and I have had no problems with dropped calls, lost signal, or getting frustrated with where are the keys for texting; all the numbers are on the left side..feels weird but after a day or so, it works better than my other blkberry which was the 8120.Also there's a dictionary to while your texting, a firewall..it is just way better than I expected. If I go all over, I apologize, I am giving you want I can tell you about this product as I'm writing I'm having a flashback...lol.Now if your a geek like me with apps, there aren't that many games for this Rim..I am waiting for new apps to become more available for my phone for some reason, 8320 has the most..kind-of peeves me at times, wen I am looking around as to adding to my phone but..this phone is pretty easy compared to my 8120. If you want to know anything else, ask..I will answer.

This is my first time purchasing a cell phone off amazon and I am pretty clueless and apprehensive. If the phone is unlocked, do I need to buy a sim card or anything to put into it, or will it just automatically turn on w/o putting anything in it?? Also, how do I get a phone number for it? Help I'm very confused

Todo bien con este tel&eacute;fono, envio en un tiempo justo, perfectas condiciones, mucha responsabilidad y mis saludos desde mi patria linda VENEZUELA

I bought 2 Black Berry 8520 and received one of them broken. So, since there is no warranty for being an international version, I have the most expensive Black Berry 8520 ever known. No one is responsible.

Excelente producto las condiciones de empaque y entrega fueron muy por encima de lo esperado, esa es la forma adecuada de entregar un producto...felicitaciones

NOT REALLY HAPPENED WITH THIS PRODUCT BUT NEVER LLEGUO ME, I DID THIS PURCHASE AND TRULY lost money because the package did not reach me ... It is unfortunate

I bought this phone for my wife thinking it was a good buy I knew that the phone was not new needless to say I did not know that the phone was so used that the charging port was not working the phone kept overheating i bought extra batteries just to keep it working it always shuts off after just 1 call... these people are frauds they are selling things that are not in GOOD WORKING CONDITION ....I want my money back but cant cause the bill was lost, AMAZON needs to remove them, I am very disappointed with this buyer...money wasted on a blackberry 8520 curve that could have gone to another seller..NOTE:if you are looking for a GOOD USED reasonable price phone go to Unlocked Cellular Phone store @amazon they are reliable and their phones works....As for  UnlockedCellPhoneKings they will never never ever get me to purchase any thing from them again......Wish I could get a refund back (know I won't) you are not trustworthy, your goods are not good, I cannot stress how much I HATE this product.People PLEASE BE AWARE OF THIS BUYER

Doing its job well & is as described thank you very much. Give more information though on description of the product. Just Got charge no ear phones.

I got it several days ago. As i open the parcel, I sadly found it totally different from what i thought before: No headphones but only one-outdated instruction, mismatched MAC between the printed and the actual one of the machine and ONE BIG "Movistar" logo on the bottom of the panel. It really disppointed me.  I guess it obviously not the one in the website: yeah, it's "Unlocked" and can make calls with sim card from other companies, but it is with an annoying logo on the panel and welcome picture of  "movistar" as the machine starts up.

Although the phone is falling apart, this tends to be the norm with this brand. It's still working very well.

it did not work . iIt did not work and since I was leaving from united states i could not return it.  I waste my money

I buy this phone for mi mom, excelent phone with a amazin trackpad, not the trackball that sucks, this phone cames with OS 5, and i upgrade to a new version, have a 1gb mini sd, and the box are blackberry original, not t-mobile, verizon or another.

Ped&iacute; un modelo black y me llego fue un Orange. La caja original del equipo dice que se incluye una micro SD y la misma no llego. A la final me tuve que quedar con este tlf, que mas, total ya lo hab&iacute;a comprado. Sr. Vendedor hay que tener cuidado con lo que se ofrece y cumplirlo.

EL blackberry me lleg&ograve; sin el PIN activado, lo he llevado a todas partes y me indicaron que el PIN est&agrave; bloquedado y la empresa a nivel Mundial que se llama RIM es el que los activas.Me compr&egrave; un blackberry en amazon.con que dec&igrave;a desbloqueado pero no tengo el PIN activado.Todav&igrave;a espero respuesta del proveedor para que me repongan el blacberry.Solo espero una respuesta satisfactoria.Mariana Ramos

don't waste your money!they give me refurbished blackberry even the item was listed as new item.very disappointed!please let us know before that the product was used and do not try to sell for new!!!!

Todo muy bien, lo compre y una amiga me lo trajo a venezuela, solo tuve que ponerle mi chip digitel y listo!!!Everything cool I bring it to Venezuela and just insert my sim card and it's running perfect

I bought a BB Black and was deliveried a White BB.Really is not a serious provider...Next time is better to cancel the order.

The phone did not work ,i had purchase it as a gift and was so embarrass . I wish i could refund the Phone.

useless, bad , piece of junk......etci paid for a new phone and i took it to Venezuela did not work at al ! it was used!i was checked over there and it didn't  recognized  not even the software!only new was the cover !bad dealer!!!given one star cause i have to rate it in order to post!

hola me ha llegado el blackberry con Problema con el software por favor no se podria hacer algo con respecto a mi caso podr&iacute;an hacer cambios de mi producto por favor se les agradeceria mucho ya que amazon es una empresa muy conocida aqui en venezuela y no me gustaria tener mala rese&ntilde;a sobre esta pagina  Gracias por su tiempo y espero una respuesta pronto

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono y llego en muy buenas condiciones es una compra segura y el tel&eacute;fono es una verdadera maravilla.

I bought it for business, only with the intention of reselling and sold very well, at least in my country do not understand how people would pay so much for a cell how it, well, we must seize!

in ma blackberry 8520 3 buttons work so bad.the box was scratched and terrible.and its buggy with windows.i rate 2 to this item,unfortunately

Device arrived in perfect condition, totally new! working perfectly with my Venezuelan Sim Card. This phone is fast, light and with a verey good resolucion and without that hateful little ball! I bought to devices more! I have already tried and they work just as great as the first one!

The box didnt have a seal but it did haveCharger/USB CableLeather CaseHeadsetPhoneand batteryPhone is in perfect condition!

This is a really amazing deal. I bought a used unit and it looks and works as new. I am really satisfied with the product, the external parts are like new and the software works efficiently. I am using it with a MOVISTAR sim here in South America and I have no problem with it. I highly recommend this.

I can't speak for their Blackberrys, but their phone chargers are substandard.The ones I got were wired poorly by the manufacturer and stopped charging after only one week.Unless you want to exchange items via USPS, I suggest buying elsewhere.

Everithing like it says on the descrption. Perfect phone and accesories. Works perfect in Argentina!Buy it now. Real deal

This is one of the best items I ever bought on amazon. got what I saw. receives item on time. nice

Buenos d&iacute;as excelente vendedor, solo que tuve demoras en la entrega del producto ya que no anexo la factura, por lo tanto le recomiendo al vendedor cuidar esos tipos d detalles

This is a solid little phone that can withstand the element. I have mine with Cricket which is CDMA and the call reception is better than all my previous phones. It is fast and gets the job done in a breeze. I used to have android phones but I switched to Blackberry and I am finding it very hard to go back despite the lack apps.

Excelente producto, viene con todas las especificaciones mencionadas, el celular esta en perfecto estado. Super responsable. 100% Recomendado. Muchas gracias!

As a phone, it works. Fine.But, I can buy a phone that works for $20. I expect my smartphone to be, well, smart. My phone is one device of many and it needs to -integrate- with those devices. That means that if it is on my wireless network, I expect to be able to move files to and from it seamlessly. Same goes for Bluetooth. No special apps, no hoops - basic OS level integration.If the people at RIM don't get this, then they have fundamentally misunderstood their market and they are on the express train to obscurity. The hardware is there, but the thinking behind it is a decade out of date.(And they hide their user forums away behind pointless and illegible 'captchas'; so if workarounds do exist, they are not readily accessible)

Great Blackberry S m a r t P h o n e 8 5 2 0 at a reasonable cost.

I bought two new unlocked blackberries but received two clearly used and scratched blackberries. The camera and speaker was very dirty, dark and obviously used.

good product so far,have no problems with the device except that instead of a colour black that i ordered i got some ugly purpleish colour i was really peeved about that.

Compr&eacute; hace unpar de semanas este tel&eacute;fono y me lo traje para Ecuador. Est&aacute; funcionando perfectamente. No tuve que hacer ning&uacute;n tipo de actualizaciones ni nada. Simplemente cambi&eacute; mi GSM prend&iacute; el tel&eacute;fono y a hablar. Buen producto.

It works very well, so the battery needs more charge each day and a half, too short duration.i can't update the maps for Colombia.With Comcel networks works perfect!

I'd lost my phone and was delighted to replace it at a reasonable cost. No problems. Does everything it said it would! Hooray. I just wish I could chain it to my wrist so I don't lose it again!

Its a nice phone.Handy and Practical for messages.Good product compared to the price.It's Easy to use and allows internet surfing.

This was for my son who was looking for a phone that is compact and multi task si this is for sure a great buy.

saludos.. amigos este celular inteligente o smartphone no es muy completo pero cumple si la persona busca un celular que se conecte a internet y puedas manejar tus emails y tus redes sociales si las usas, (aunque creo que todos las usan! jejeje) el blackberry 8520 a mi parecer no me ha salido nada malo.. claro la c&aacute;mara es muy b&aacute;sica y en cierto momentos no se puede contar con ella pero si en general lo usas para trabajar te funcionara todo sin problema.. el trackpad es muy bueno y el teclado qwerty funciona muy bien..

BlackBerry 8520 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi--International Version with No Warranty (Black)  I really like the phone has good software and does not stick recommend great

the 8520 phone actually works well on at&t! no matter how much you learn the iphone keyboard, a blackberry full physical qwerty still wins, hands down. the spell checker and predictive type on bberry is better vs iphone and with the physical keyboard you misspell a lot less. since you can sync your itunes on here you only "miss" the iphone for its apps which really only work best on wifi. 8520 is lightweight, fairly thin, very light, has nicely spaced keys, and really cool media controls blended into the top of the device. nice use of rubber here on the device too lends some durability to glossy plastic finish. I jammed a 16G nand flash card into it too so i have music, movies etc with me. I bought the unlocked version since i use the 8520 when traveling to US from abroad .... without a full blackberry data package you lose out on things like email and blackberry messenger - but this is my 2nd/travel phone so i dont care too much - I use it when in the US with pay as you go on at&t - i get what i want a phone that works, easy texting, wifi browsing and music/video. iPhone is my main phone abroad but it wont stay that way once renewal time comes. I could easily see 8520 being my main phone but if you want the mobile internet experience (3G) and slightly cooler packaging then go for the 9700, but you pay for it - a lot more. given cost differential I would easily buy 8520 over 8900 ...8520 just feels a tad cooler too vs 8900 still too corporate. yet both are pretty similarly equipped. if you had full blackberry data package with this as your main phone u r probably happy person. i am more than happy with this as 2nd/travel phone. Cool thing about this unlocked version is i can buy pay as you go sim card, slip it in and work no matter where i am. in past my edge (non3G) blackberries actually run things like google apps and internet fairly well. i am sure 9700 with full 3G is better but necessary??

Es un producto bueno pero podria ser mejor. Su tecnolog&iacute;a no es de punta. Se recomienda solo si lo que quieres es pavear con un producto de segunda y sugerir que es de primera.

I got this phone 2 days ago and its alright, i only say that because i hate blackberrys and its my first one & i downgraded from an iPhone to this. So the contrast is hard for me. This phone is running on 4.6 and i tried everything possible to bring it up to OS 5 and i cant. It tells me its up to date ughhh, is anyone else having this issue?

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE YESTERDAY AND STARTED ENJOYING RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. I AM TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ALL THE FEATURES OF THIS PHONE. SINCE I AM BLACKBERRY FAN, I AM SUPER HAPPY WITH MY NEW DEVICE. I UPGRADED MY PEARL 8130 TO THIS MODEL. TEH TRACKPAD IS WORKING JUST AS EXPECTED. I CURRENTLY HAVE AN UNLIMITED DATA PLAN SO I AM HAVING A GREAT TIME WITH THIS NEW PHONE. THE CAMERA IS FINE. MAYBE A FLASH WOULD HAVE BEEN A BETTER ADD ON. THE VIDEO CAMERA WORKS FINE. BETTER THAN MY PREVIOUS MODELS OF BB AND NOKIAS. THE OFFICE APPLICATIONS ARE OK. AND THE BB APPLS ARE GREAT. I JUST DOWNLOADED A COUPLE OF THEM. HAVE A GOOD TIME USING THIS PHONE. BUY IT. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.

EXCELENTE TELEFONO LO UNICO QUE VIENE TODO EN INGLES PERO SE PUEDE ACTUALIZAR Y BAJARLE EL SOFWARE EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL.LO RECOMIENDO AMPLIAMENTE

I absolutely love this phone because it's so easy to use and plus it's fast on speed. I have the 8530 with sprint service. It's mainly the same as this phone. I don't regret getting it at all. However, I wish the camera was better but I can live with it for now. Texting is very cool! Oh yeah I can't forget about twitter & facebook! Now the app for these two are right on point I have no complaints about that. The setup is convenient and texting is the da bomb...lol! But seriously the phone is nice and I would definitely recommend it to anyone especially the first time blackberry customer. Try it! I don't think you can go wrong with it.

Just got this phone recently and have generally been very impressed with it. I keep discovering new things I can do with this phone; it seems like they really did a good job thinking through the design to help maximize productivity.I also like the keyboard; it makes it MUCH easier to type e-mails and text messages than many other phones I've used.I was initially concerned that the replacement for the trackball would be awkward to use, but this wasn't the case. Sometimes I would prefer a touch screen, as it can sometimes be a little bit of a pain if you have to do extensive scrolling, but generally this isn't too cumbersome.My only minor complaint is with a few of the pre-installed apps (e.g. media player, map), which sometimes give uninformative error messages. E.g. "there was an error playing this media" - that's nice, what error? And what exactly am I supposed to do about it - wait a few minutes and try again? Reset the device? Replace the media file? Is it even something I can fix at all? In my opinion, having such generic error messages is sloppy UI design on their part; this is certainly something that I would like to see fixed in future software releases. My other complaint is that rebooting the phone takes an unacceptably long time (I have literally timed it at 5 minutes or more); this isn't a big deal most of the time, since I don't have to do it too often, but if it freezes when you need to use it, this can be very irritating.

buen equipo, f&aacute;cil de instalar linea telef&oacute;nica movilnet VENEZUELA, prob&eacute; el celular por un mes y he quedado satisfecho. Todas las funciones trabajan bien, pin o blakcberry messenger. lo recomiendo. le dare 5 estrellas no por las cualidades del equipo sino por ser exactamente lo que oferto amazon.

El equipo viene en una excelente presentaci&ograve;n, incluye todos los accesorios, hasta un estuche.Me encuentro en Colombia y el telefono acept&ograve; las tarjetas de los operadores locales.La entrega se dio en menos tiempo de lo esperado!!RECOMENDADO

came in very good condition (new) as it says in the publication recommend a very good article. was sealed, brought all their accessories and released. in Venezuela served to perfection. brings additional memory 2GB micro sd

The whole purchase was OK. It is the cellphone I expected, they delivered it when I expected on time, the whole purchase was OK, but the only thing I regret is buying this cellphone and looking that the software was different than other BB I had.

My wife loves it and I'm thinking about getting one. But lately it has been a pain in the A@@ to update through my computer and it has been a little sluggish. This is probably the best BB for the money.

buenas es para saber si hay envio `para venezuela si tienen pin y si tiene para ponerlo en espa&ntilde;olgracias espero pronta respuesta

its cheaper than the Javelin, and the camera is not great, but replacing the trackball with a mousepad was a terrific idea from the people of Blackberry, im sticking to this cell phone. In my last two BB i replaced the trackballs at least 6 times.............

I paid for a new itemI received an old one, very bad shapeSent this back, the seller paid for the return proccess.I received an used one again, but in a better shape.So I Keep itBUT I WILL BUY NO MORE AT AMAZON

El celular se adapto perfectamente a la red de mi pais y no he tenido ning&uacute;n inconveniente con el hasta ahora.!

Me llego tarde el celular pero adem&aacute;s de eso el cargador no era para ese modelo de tel&eacute;fono ni el cable USB.

Producto de buena calidad no duden en Comprar sus articulos en Amazon, es lo mejor, para comprar... Adquiri el producto en tiempo record y todo llego a la perfeccion, anteriormente compre a otro cliente, y no fue la misma calidad que este.

Hola Sr. Richard de verdad muchas gracias por su carta, me gusto mucho que me enviaran el telefono como lo solicite me gusto mucho comprar con usted, de corazon feliz navidad le deseo desde venezuela y gracias por todo.Me encanto mi nuevo telefono como tienda son lo mejor.Atte,Diana Gonzalez.

The phone was a little overpriced but as for the product itself! Has lasted me a very long time so I give it four stars.

I recently purchase this Blackbery phone but for some unknown reason it is not allowing ne to send SMS texts. I previously bought the same phone but I don't have this problem. I am not sure if it has to do with some special setting or not.

the phone is DEFINITELY NOT *new*; newly refurbished maybe. there is a BIG scratch on the lower right hand of the case!! AND it had the logo and name of a major wireless company.

Good product high recommended i didnt have any problem with it . it works correctly and it has great quality. Thanks

vivo en Venezuela, el equipo funciona perfecto,buen modelo de BB lo recomiendo, tiene buena camara, es super liviano, de verdad lo recomiendo. El unico detalle es que el telefono no tiene garantia y no trae tarjeta de memoria, pero se le puede comprar una y son bien economicas!

Why if i have enough money at my credit card i cant to buy itcan someone helpme please

i have a blackberry one older model than this. i kind akilled its battery too many times. i recently replaced it along with a new track ball. sadly...the new trackball doesnt fix the problem either.i got a 'new' phone...htc. from tmobile. it sucked. it returned it in 5 daysit did allow me email or internet...which my plan has.\sooo.....i took a risk and got this.it arrived today. and so far...im thrilled. i can do email...im...all of it so far. it arrived faster than the email date of october...which pleases meso far...its a purchase well worth it

Nice Blacberry, its a nice and cheap blackberry i used in very hard working conditions and i have it for a year or so, its very durable. Had nice functions, wi-fi, and work international

Excelente telefono liberado sin detalles con todos sus accesorios originales y nuevos, llego en el tiempo estipulado. saludos desde valencia venezuela

I ordered this on the fourth of August and it just came in the today (August 15th) When i opened it, everything seemed ok other than a few cosmetic blemishes... but then i pick it up and there's a part loose in the phone! i shake it and you can here it floating around. Everything seems to be working, only now any time i move the phone it i hear a rattle. I was not pleased at all. It's not worth sending back cause i need the phone right now... but i definitely do not encourage anyone to buy from here... i won't be purchasing anything else.

I received everything on time.I bought tris product because i got one last year and it was great.I cant say the same now.I had lots of problems.It didnt work well.I changed the battery and this didnt work either.The phone is working but suddenly it goes off and you cant turn it on.You have to take the battery and charge it again.Im not satisfied with this product

The phone is bad! It's a too old version. It came with some options &#34;tigo&#34; a company phone.The key &#34;o&#34; does not work. the keyboard is totally defectiveif you know of blackberry do not buy this phone because it will fulfill your expectations, if you give a child maybe. The phone is light but the middle key is bad.
