
The product arrived sooner then I expected, and the product description on the Internet was 100% true the phone was new, and in a box. I will purchase from this seller again.

It was so unfriendly, just overall clunky and not easy to use, true &#34;dumbphone&#34; in all senses.  Returned after I couldn't even deal with setup.

I Purchased The Lg Phone And Got It On Time And Everything And Had It About Four Day's And Then It Started Messing Up So I Left A Comment And Emailed The Guy And He Said To Take My Comment Off & He Would Send Me Another Phone And So I Took It Off Then Never Heard From The Guy Again .. I WILL NOT TAKE MY COMMENT OFF AGAIN , I WOULD SUGGEST THAT IF YOU DONT WANT YOU'RE MONEY TO GO TO WAISTE TO NOT BUY FROM THIS GUY !!!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone expecting a good quality phone; however, it has been a disappointment. I have had the phone for about 4 weeks & have had to charge the battery about every 4-5 days. The real problem happened this morning when I tried to plug in the car charger. It did not make contact. No charging was going on. When I got to work, I pulled out the home/office charger I had been using all along & it too did not make contact. No charging was going on. I checked the slot in the phone & it had shifted on one side so that now I am unable to recharge the battery. Very disappointing. Time to file a complaint with then seller.

I was very happy with the product, i purchased at a great price and received even sooner that scheduled. thank you

Scratched, beat up, screen needs calibration...NOT refurbished by any means! I want my $ back! Clearly need to label their products with the correct condition!

The battery does not hold a charge. Constantly has to be charged throughout the day. I had the same phone until it was stolen so I know how that the battery is supposed to last throughout the day without needing to be charged. I have contacted The OEM Shop by phone several times (the number listed on the invoice sheet) and there has been no answer. Then I emailed The OEM Shop regarding this issue and left sufficient number of business days (more than they request for a response from them) and still no response. So I am left with a defective battery and no way to contact the seller, thus leaving me to have to file a claim for the order. I am very dissatisfied with The OEM Shop's customer service when it comes to contacting their customers back and solving the issues regarding their customer's purchases. I would not recommend anyone to purchase anything The OEM Shop puts for sale on Amazon.com and other sites of which they participate in sales.*Terrible customer service*Slow processing*Rude*Will never again purchase from this seller and I advise the same*1st phone they sent was defective*Battled them days after to exchange for a new one (not even a refund)*Finally received my second (replacement) phone, not even by the phone manufacture LG I had originally purchased from*In the end, I just went with a refund through Amazon who made them refund the product as I had done all the necessary steps: order, contact seller, exchange, contact seller, refund

I have bought many items online.  This is the worst purchase ever.  I make or receive a call and battery needs to be charged again!

I did receive the phone on time, but when I opened it, the phone had the wrong charger for it.  There was no way I could plug it in, it had a plug in the a USB cord which I plugged it in but the phone will only blink at me when I try to turn it on.  I also ordered a new phone but on the side of the phone there is a nick and it looks like the phone had been taken apart at one time or another.  I am very disappointed in this seller and I will not buy from them again.

The touch screen didn't work from the very begining, the battery life is way too short. I had already returned it and looking up for other cell phone

It's a good cell phone for people who are going to get smart phone for first time. It's not really expensive.I bought this for my mom, she really liked it because was very simple for using and not troubles when she tried to understand how to use it. Also, when you turn on the phone, it shows you how to take advantage  of its applications with a simple and short performance. The cell phone looks new and now It's working well. The few problems that I had with this purchase was that It took long time for shipping, almost 1 month and the charger wasn't work, so I had to buy a new charger but it wasn't a bid deal.

traveling overseas with an unlock phone was great just pup in my foregin sim, I was able to do everything I wanted to do with it make and received calls.

Purchased as a gift still have it have not tried it myself  from a friend  who sampled it , it lacks all the latese bells and whistles. I did not purchase ot for that!

the phone is in great shape from the body to the screen to its speakers the only problem was the charger which did not work at all but besides that this phone is 4 out of 5

well the delivery was very fast and efficient, but the phone is not.First let me share the good things to give it an opportunity: the phone looks great, the touch screen is sensitive but not over sensitive which is good, is super easy to use, the pictures are ok to be a 2MP I wasn't expecting much of this feature.Now the bads: the battery life lasts only a day so you have to charge it every f#@%# day, the querty is not very accurate and I have small fingers, I can't use my music as ringtone because all the files are "too large to use as ringtone", some of my pictures are not readable because the file is too large too, there is no headset slot so I can't listen my music on the way to work, and when you listen music the songs don't play one after the other,  you have to manually go to the next song and that's very anoyingI wasn't expecting much from the camera because is only 2mp so I can't complain about that, but I was expecting to listen my music while comuting and that's a downerI don't like this phone, I've have it for a week and I'm selling it to buy another one

I bought this phone for my boyfriend who has been wanting a touch phone, but one without a service plan. I found this and it was relatively inexpensive and thought it would get him through until January when he is eligible for an upgrade. He says that it is okay, but he is not a fan of the touch screen. It is a really odd touch screen, but it will get him through for awhile.

After several phones within the past year, I finally found the one for me!  I absolutley love it!  It is very lightweight, calls are clear, pictures are great! And you can lock the screen to prevent 'butt dialing'. I highly recommend this phone!

omg where do  i start, this phone is such a peice of crap, it has to be a knock off of an LG phone, it might be the company in NY. i dont know, but i installed a micro memory card in the phone, the phone could not find it. an lg cu920 has a crap 2mp camera not a 3mp the only way i can find to play music is to buy it from a web site. the 1500 songs i have on my micro card will not work. i connected it to my pc. that did not work, the t9 function in the txting mode is crap, the touch screen is so twitchy it is constantly miss reading my prompt for a letter or number, if you try to txt more than 50 letters it will jump, like when you touch the g key it pops up the j key. it seems to freak out, and if you try to txt the old fasion way with the numbers keyboard it wont let you press a key 3 times to get the letter you need, some times it will mostly not. it will only keep a charge for 24 hours. i wanted the mp3 player aspect of it but it will barely dial for phone use. i would love to get my money back, but it took over the alotted time to find what a junk thing i had bought on line. lesson learned!!!

I had broken the phone I received with my AT&T plan.  That company wanted to charge me too much for a replacement phone.  This full featured phone did the trick at a fraction of the price.

Im am a teen turbo texter and this phone is pretty good for that. I have had it for about 4 months and my phones usually break after three. I have dropped it many times and it still works.  My only problem is the battery and connection. When im on the phone or watching a video the battery automatically starts dying . Same with the connection it will just end my call in the middle. But over all i love it

The phone came and it worked great for a couple of weeks and then the battery died and after charging itI wasn't able to use it again.

I ordered this phone on 24 February 2011 and have not recieved it yet! It is March 10th!!!!! *Officially P-d*

good day, I can say that after receiving the product stopped working the touch screen after the half hour of use, I am very unhappy with my purchase really the product does not work, expected to receive a good product and I liked but I really feel bad about my purchase, not recommend them.

I bought this phone for my sister and I must say that this was a huge disappointment. The touch screen is so hard to use. You have to press the screen hard to get any respond and when it finally responds, it does not show what you have chosen. You'll regret buying this phone...it's the worst!

It's amazing how they come up with stupid phones whichi). though have touch capability, the touch presses the digit you never actually pressed. (GURR ! Huge disappointment! )ii). has almost nothing exciting as features, but still is very slow.iii). LOCKS the keyboard every couple of seconds while you are talking. THERE IS NO DAMN OPTION TO DISABLE THAT. YOU ALMOST FEEL LIKE THROWING IT when you have to press digits as response to computerized customer representative calls. You unlock the keyboard, and while you are looking which digits to type, it locks that again! ARGHHH !!iv). There is no way you can copy all your pictures from your mobile at once if you don't have a memory card.  You can just copy them one by one :(. What a pain!v). There is no proper desktop client for this cellphone, if there is one at all!

i bought 2 of this crappy cells. one for my mom the other one for myself, after a week the battery is dead, this item doesnt work and i will not recommended to anybody. This is crap and this people only wants to take your monney.

i bought this phone and it doesn't work, it heats up when being charged, waste of money. I was skeptical to buy a phone online, and I guess now I know why. Never again

Smart phones beware. This small, light touchscreen phone may not do apps, but it does almost everything else.It runs java games and apps, has a full html browser, offers several IM clients, and supports most major email providers. It sports a very useable mp3 player. With A2DP bluetooth connectivity, this device does everything I want it to do and more.A key advantage to this so called 'dumb' phone is the AT&T; $15 unlimited data plan. I call it the poor man's Iphone.If you'd like to customize your unlocked phone, visit [...]. It has incredible resources for making the vu your very own. This is not an ad, just a recommendation.



Steer clear of The OEM Shop.  They sold me this phone as "new".  The touchscreen stopped working within 30 days.  OEM Shop would not take it back after 7 days, so I had to send it to LG for warranty repairs.  LG sent it back, saying the phone was a refurb, and it even had an altered ESN number!!Don't buy anything from these guys unless you have nothing to do in your free time but send endless letters and returns around the country.  Thankfully it looks like Amazon will make good for the phone that I bought from this completely bogus supplier.

I have had the phone for a few days now and it's done Well. the batterie life is not that good.

I was not aware that this did not carry a regular sim card. I was looking for an unlocked phone for the caribbean. This cannot work.

Just $54 you got unlock touch screen phone with all the standard function, 2Mb camera, video recording....What do you want more?I was surprise with the quality of the touch screen. It works great, sensitive and fast. Can't expect more!

I finally got my Phone on January 3rd. When It was suppose to be delivered December 27th. Good Phone though...

Did not work as planned ... Returning was a hassle and made me just eat my money rather than deal with it. Touch screen was not easy to work.

Hi, I bought this for my brother. He likes the phone. Average phone for daily use. Touch screen is little hard. Otherwise okay phone.

The delivery and packaging for the phone was good it was also in a very good condition, however after taking the phone to jamaica (that was the sole purpose)planning to use it for 10 days the phone only 2 days it worked for then displayed a blue screen with an error message. since then the phone as not rebooted beyond that point, i am very unhappy with this situation as i was away without the use of a contact phone which was the only reason for purchasing this device.now need to know what will be done to resolve this situation as this was not my intention of having a TWO DAY USAGE OF A PHONEmy contact is [...] or the same address that this product was sent to

This phone works very well for what I need not a smartphone but I did not want a smart phone. The price was excellent and the quality seems great the touchscreen works good and the sound quality and battery life is very good!

I highly regret buying this phone. I've had it for about a month, and the battery hardly lasts two days (with me not using it AT ALL). On top of that, the touch screen is very difficult to use. You have to press pretty hard to get any response and it usually doesn't hit the correct number or letter, or it just doesn't get it at all. I wish I could return it, but I'm past the return window. If you're considering this phone, at least try to find it in a store so you can test it out. I'd rather use my cell phone from 2002 than this thing.

The touch screen was were difficult to use. Sometimes it recognized your touch, other times it did not. The phone part worked fine, it was trying to use the different features that made it next to worthless as a touch phone. Don't bother to buy this, you will end up replacing it.

I'M NOT HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE BECAUSE I DO NOT EVEN THE PHONE HAS COME FROM NOVEMBER 28 TO BUY IT .. I AM VERY CONCERNED ABOUT NOT GOING TO HAPPEN WITH THE PHONE.

If you ever used any smart phones or a Blackberry you won't like this phone. Basically, texting from it belongs to the 1990's. The processor is slow and the timers for letter entry are slow too. On the full qwerty keypad texting comes up full of typos and is very tricky to correct what is misspelt. Training the pixels makes no difference. No back space button?!, So 1/10 for texting.But if texting is not something you need then it comes with some positive sides: It looks and feels good in hand. Battery lasts long. And it's the only phone I have had where you can put the call on speaker - full volume, drop it on the passenger seat, and have a normal, audible conversation while driving.

I can't believe this phone, I had this phone in my store all this time and finally sold it this week. But the customer returned it because of the frozen AT&T logo. Nobody to contact, I'm so upset. And I want my money back. I thought the phone looked nice but I guess I was wrong. I would like someone to contact me because I am very upset.

price good, but phone was an ATT being used for T-Mobile. Speaker phone did not work well, phone would lock every few seconds

I have had this phone well over 2 and a half years. It is always reliable and there when I need it. The camera on the LG Vu is outstanding! It seems like it takes 6MP pictures but really it is 2MP. It has a simple user interface and easy to use for the average consumer. The call quality is good too. The only flaw I found really is texting, with a full touch screen QWERTY keyboard, it can be a little inaccurate sometimes. Overall 4/5 on this phone. Long battery life, great pictures, and this phone is meant to last!

It was mailed in a decent amount of time. But when i went to turn it on the battery life wasnt good! i ended up sending mine back for a refund.

LG CU920 is one of the best and cheap phone which works well to its price. It has got many features compatable with the latest smart phones like Blackberry and Samsung. One of the best phones in recent market.

Product was great, but the seller is not worth the money you spend. You pay for expedited service and you may get in a about 4 weeks. He/She DOES NOT communicate. Trust the feedback, I wish I would have and I will never buy from this seller again.

The phone will not charge and has not charged since I received it.  I followed the seller's directions to request a return and they continue to ignore me.  I would not recommend this seller to anyone.  I cannot recommend this phone because it was broken when I received it.

The phone looks pretty nice but it's rotten inside. The phone seems to have developed its own idea on where you touch on the screen. The displayed menu is only there to mock what a bad choice you've made, in that you never know how to correlate where you touch and what comes out.

I made a mistake by not ordering this already configured for the AT&T network.  Other than that I love this phone.

Producto lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones y cumpli&oacute; mis expectativas, recomiendo ampliamente a este proveedor espero poder realizar futuras compras y mantener la relaci&oacute;n comercial

LG CU920 QuadBand Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, MP3 Player and 2MP Camera - US Warranty - Blacka little delicate callus is 1 meter and the display does not work

this phone is made of very cheap products.The wall charger is hard to plug in the slot.after finally getting it plugged in,and fully charged,the charge only lasted for a few hours.Not near worth the price I paid!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!

I was very wary about ordering a phone online, but did not make a mistake with this item and seller. Item shipped quickly, the phone was in brand new condition and works like a brand new phone. All I had to do was put in my sim card.

The add said NEW and what i recieved was very far from new the screen was scratched and the back of the phone was very warn out and faded. It came with peoples phone numbers and pictures in the phone. I would not have purchased this phone if I was told it would look the way it did. And if you do sell used phones you should atleast factory reset the phone and clear out other peoples personal information.

Not a great phone afterall.  Cannot get any picture messages, calling your voicemail takes several attempts.  Screen is very sensitive.  You have to make sure you choose the right option you want or it will open something different.Battery is horrible, have to charge it everyday.  It doesnt give you the option to choose a different ringtone for your contacts.No I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I couldn't get the battery to charge on that one. It was completely useless. I returned it and get my refund. Thanks to Amazon!

This is a good phone. Reception is good, quality of voice is very good. The camera surprised me. It is 2.0; the picture quality is very good, but it has no flash. It has a solid tap screen. LG CU920 VU has the standard functions: email, messaging, camera, mp3, calculator, alarm, display, TV (will not work unless your carrier is AT&T) and Cellular Video, with a few more features. Battery charge is low-it came with a generic battery. Maybe a LG battery would last longer. This is not an iphone, google phone, etc. But neither is it an "ordinary, simple" cell phone. It's easy and uncomplicated, and has the look and feel one would like their newer, low cost cell phone to have. I purchased this phone for $79.95. It's basically, an "AT&T prepaid phone." It's not listed as such, but that's what it seems to be. The sellers OEM, were okay. I received the phone one day before its expected arrival date. The box, the phone, and all required accessories were also new and packing unopened. My carrier is T-Mobile, and this is an AT&T phone. Configurations need to be changed to allow this phone to work with T-Mobile. I searched the web for assistance in changing these configurations, and found the info I needed. I still have one issue with email. Hope this helps.

I recived the phone and the phone its self was brand new but the battery they sent with it did not go to the phone now i am left with haveing to buy a new battery to even use it!!!

I ordered it by mistake. Big thumb new tablet. Returned it to ATT Pompano, 3 weeks ago, no credit 2 account. What's up with that?

I am not regretting my order, but I was hoping that was given a USB cable card and a ear phone as a bonus with my order. The order came earlier than the time the system had given so I was please with that. The phone really dont look new to me. But overall I am OK with everything.

it is a wonderful product, easy to use phone. kit works very well even to first time user. i like the phone, however, i wish the phone would have more options.

Purchased New. With Standard Shipping this item was received ahead of time. For the price this is a quality product. Worked well internationally with GSM sim. Touch screen works seamlessly & the phone is light weight(includes camera, Video,Bluetooth, email, IM, Qwerty keypad etc). Battery also seems good thus far.I recommend this product to anyone.

I Ordered This Phone From This Company. Bad Idea!....This Is A Very Good Phone (When It Works). So If You Would Like To Order It I Dnt Blame You Just Dnt Order It From These People...You Are Unable To Reach Them By Phone! And Thru Email They Had The Nerve To Tell Me The IMEI Number On The Back Of The Phone Doesnt Match There Files! Bt They Sent The Phone To Me! Sounds Fishey Huh???

There need to be chargers with these phones. Besides that I am very satisfied with my product. And there need to be a faster way to get them than waiting a month.

When the phone arrived not only had i been sent the wrong battery, but also the wrong cover plate as well. Now i only have bits and pieces to various phones...To be fair, i've owned an LG VU in the past, and when in working condition i really love this phone. The touch screen works well without being overly sensitive and the camera has AMAZING quality. It takes better pictures than my digital camera does.I highly reccomend the phone, i just also reccomend that you be careful when ordering it online.

so why do u still sell this phone if people complain that is not good i think u should stop selling it if people are not satisfy with the product

This phone is a horrible product. I can't understand why if many costumers said that this phone has a problem with the charge, Amazon doesn't stop this kind of sellers.

This is suppose to be a new phone (it clearly states NEW in the title and description on the phone befoer I bought it) but the battery doesn't last one day. Also after further inspection of the phone, there is a sticker in the battery case, when removed underneath is a plate that says it is a refurbished phone. I have no problem having a refurbed phone I just dont like being lied to that it is new when it obviously isn't.

This phone works as advertised. Right out of the box, I put the chip in and voiola, the phone was ready to go. I took it to Latin America and I tried it with two chips I had from two different carriers (Tigo & Claro) and it worked perfectly.PROS: It is small enough to carry in your pocket, but the screen is big enough to view pictures and videos. Easy set up and it works right out of the box with different carriers. Just pop the chip in and ready you areCONS: Touch screen is clumpsy... it is hard to type a text msg because other letters pop up. To set up mobile internet the carrier has to chage some settings on the phone, otherwise it will not work. The phoe does not have a memory card slot, just internal memory

"excellent service". My product arrived on time, with quality, amazon has an excellent service, I recommended to buy with this site because every time the custom

I bought this phone because i needed a new phone. So when the phone got to me i was excited i put it to charge and then picked it up the next morning. Sure enough the buttons on the phone didn't work i was very angry. So i contacted them and they said to bad **** happens

Ordered product for my little nieceProduct came in on timeBattery started disappointing from day 1My niece started crying from day 1Big regret.

My first time to order a phone on line.  It did not work from the second day on. I sent  a complaint to amazon and the seller. They were wonderful, and took care of me very very quickly. I now have new and different phone. It is day one and it is working. I am glad I gave  amazon a second try. I am impressed with their service!

This phone is really great. This was my first purchase online when it comes to buying a phone. This was also my first touch screen phone. The 4 Star rating goes to the phone. I've only had it a day, and it's performed very well, but the condition of all the other things that came with it weren't exactly "new". The OEM shop in NYC said that this phone was new. I knew that it was coming with a charger and all the other ammeneties (sorry for wrong spellings) that a phone comes with. When the phone was opened, someone in my house informed me that there were minor tiny scratches on the back and several finger prints. I saw these as well and didn't really care, but it made me think about if the phone was actually new. I started using the phone today, and the battery was obviously not charged well because it just wasn't because it's a new phone. I went to go charge it, and the charger didn't work at all. I thought maybe it was the plug, but when I tried a different plug, the charger still didn't work at all. I recommend contacting the seller about what kind of condition he/she thinks a phone is in when it's considered "new". I'm very disappointed with the seller, not the phone.

This review is not for product the lg vue phone is great. Unfortunately mine got stepped on during a camping trip.I tried to buy a new one from the OEM SHOP but after 10 days they emailled me to say my order was cancelled due to out of stock but two days earlier said it was shipping out. DONT BUY FROM OEM SHOP

NEW LG CU920 VU TV UNLOCKED MP3 CAMERA AT&T; CU 920I was happy when I got this Phone.  It has all the features I wanted without being to complex.  This is a phone that you turn on and go.  It has all the things you want in this type of a phone. text,e-mail,camara,internet,and much more.  Bought this phone to replace my old go phone. All I had to do was to put in my sim card and I was off and running.  This phone is light weight and comforteable to use and the price was great.  Would tell anyone to purchace this phone if they want a good looking and great working phone. Also battery life has been very good and camara is great.  All in all If anyone needs a phone that easy to use,great features and great price, this is the phone to buy! Again love this phone!!!!

may not be compatible with T-Mobile. and i am haveing alot of trouble with getting it to work. it is a AT&T Phone. so if you use AT&T your good. If you use T-Mobile you might be in for a little trouble with this item. Sorry it is True.

very good conditions...this order came quick...that was a gift to some ones live in other country and this phone work perfect..thanks

ph good but has has no option to rearrange my desktop and picture taken is not good- need steady hand-

I purchased two phones and to send one back immediately. I should have sent both back because within a month the other phone would not charge.

This is absolutely one of the worst phones that I have come in contact with. The keyboard is hard to text on. The battery life is terrible. I do not get service in random places (I cant send text messages in half of my house) that other ppl with att do. Do not buy this phone. You will hate it!

Bought this as a gift for my niece.  She loved the phone but it did not last as long as an snowflake in summer.  Bad investment for me and a sad experience for her.  Buy at your own risk.

the phone itself is not a bad phone but i was using a bb and the feel of the touch screen is not a good feel for me...so i guess its what you like in your phone

This is a real real real trash cell phone. The touch screen died in three month and the seller never take responsibility for this product. They don't give replacement.Never buy this cell phone and never buy from this seller.  NEW LG CU920 VU TV UNLOCKED MP3 CAMERA AT&T; CU 920

the purchase was excellent very good I like very many are very good phone time is preciousthe purchase was excellent very good I like very many are very good phone time is preciousthe purchase was excellent very good I like very many are very good phone time is precious

The phone hasn't held it's charge since day 1 and it just gave out completely.  It was a gift for my son and he's not happy with this purchase.  Although it was listed as new, he is sure it is refurbished.

In December 2011 I purchased four of the LG CU920 for my kids, three of them died in less than two months of use. they just will not go beyond the AT&T logo. It is truly a waste of money.

Its a decent phone for the price and with the 2MP camera.  My biggest issue is the touchscreen, its not that responsive and calibrating the screen hardly works.  It would have been nice to have a USB hookup to transfer from the micro SD card to the computer.  For the price and while I am deployed, it works well enough.

HOLA BUIENAS TARDES, LES ESCRIBO PARA NOTIFICARLES QUE EL PRODUCTO NO LO E PODIDO RETIRAR DEL CURRIER PORQUE NO A SIDO ENVIADA LA FACTURA DE COMPRA PARA QUE ELLOS PUEDAN ENTREGAR LA COMPRA.LG CU920 QuadBand Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, MP3 Player and 2MP Camera - US Warranty - BlackHELLO BUIENAS EVENINGS, THEY WRITE TO NOTIFY THEM THE PRODUCT IS NOT THING AND COULD WITHDRAW FROM THE CURRIER BECAUSE NOT TO BEEN SENT THE INVOICE OF PURCHASE SO THAT THEY CAN DELIVER THE PURCHASE.

I was too excited to get this phone the first time i saw it online, but when i got this phone, i was really happy to hold it. When i got closer and looked at it, it haad all scratches all over it.

we ordered this phone as a replacement phone and before receiving it decided to switch carriers. i requested a rma number from the company and i quickly received it. i received my refund very fast.

The phone stopped to work within a month after the purchase. Since it was overseas we had to fix it  couldn't send it back. Thereafter , the battery cord got bad, awful experience, hope amazon calls and I could get my money back

I got my phone recently in March 2011 when i recieved it in the mail i was super excited i got it! I used to have the exact same phone about 2 years ago but i had lost it so when i found this one online for that price i had to get it! I got the phone and right away the "t.v" didnt work but i didnt care i just wanted the phone so i didnt make a big deal about it, about a month after i was using the phone it started acting weird turning on and off by itself not letting me click on the items i wanted to click on but i didnt pay to much attention to it since my 30 day refund or exchange had already expired. Well two weeks after all of that started happening the phones battery wouldnt charge and if it did it would die super fast and i had to recharge it again and again throughout the day! then after three days of that crap the phone completely gave out on me, said it was dying and when i would hook it up to the charger it said it was charging but kept making that noise to tell me it was dying over and over again while connected to the charger but had the charging icon on the screen like the charger was connected! so then i just left it connected to the charger the whole day and when finally stopped making those noises it said it was charged so i disconnected it from the charger and two minutes later the stupid noise comes back and my phone is dead again! i went on with this for about a week till i went to go get the phone checked out by at&t they checked it out and it wasnt the charger, it wasnt the battery it was the stupid phone so i after leaving i got the phone and smashed the crap out of it! i will NEVER get another phone from here AGAIN!!!! BUYERS BEWARE!!!!!

I'm the most basic of cell phone users, so this is the perfect phone for me.  It has all of the functions I need - access to the internet, email, texting, and even TV - and yet is easy to use.  Even the virtual keyboard is easy to use.  Activation was a breeze - I took the SIM card out of my old AT&T; phone, put it in this one and VOILA - I was on the network.The phone works like a charm, holds a charge for a reasonable amount of time, and was inexpensively priced.  What more could you ask?

Este equipo es excelente, lo uso en Venezuela sin ningun problema con Movilnet. Las funciones son acorde con la Actualidad. Lo recomiendo, ademas el precio es accesible...

I purchase the phone and i have no regrets is neat and have all features any one can want. you won't have a problem to get one also.

this is NOT an LG brand cell phone... it is a kind of chinesse imitation. it doesn't have any brand.it looks very cheap!!!!i spected a better phone.

I have had this phone well over 2 and a half years. It is always reliable and there when I need it. The camera on the LG Vu is outstanding! It seems like it takes 6MP pictures but really it is 2MP. It has a simple user interface and easy to use for the average consumer. The call quality is good too. The only flaw I found really is texting, with a full touch screen QWERTY keyboard, it can be a little inaccurate sometimes. Overall 4/5 on this phone. Long battery life, great pictures, and this phone is meant to last!Michael.S - OhioAT&T; Wireless User

muy buen telefono. ya lo tengo y me encanta. no dudaria en comprarlo nuevamente y usaria el mismo vendedor sin dudas. muchas gracias.

Didn't really care for the phone, took me forever to figure out, but my friend that I gave it too loves it

This phone only lasted a week, before it wouldn't charge anymore.  Extremely disappointed. When I first plug in the charger it lights up then dies!

i was verg satisfy with all my purchases except the motorola v220, which after a month of use the volume went silent u can talk or hear any one.

First I have purchase two of these cells, both cell phone were a joke. The first one was drop and quit working the next day - not their problem, the other started to act up the second day before starting with touch screen problems, then charging problems.  To sum up these cell phones, durability - there is none. If you want a toy cell phone then buy it. Not worth the time or money.

sent it back casue it did not work with are phone sim card didnt work had to send it back

I sent the phone to one of my relative in overseas . He is unhappy with the phone. He said the phone turn on and off by itself and have other issues. Now, I am feeling bad that I gave him a piece of junk. My advice don't buy it. it is waste of your money.

it is awsome and everything they said it was very happy about this buy would recomend buyer good nice phone

this phone work awesome... so great for 60 buck.. easy to use and it work oversea... you should get one of this !

I placed two orders one for LG CU920 and LGCU720 and paid for new phones but when delivered were refurbished thing that indicate as refurbished because I chat with an LG rep and based upon my info on these products about their functionality he told me they are refurbished.  Instruction books were not original instead photocopied and top of that was black and white print. Cannot transfer files from a webpage. Ringtone so low hardly can be heard in an open area due to which I missed several calls. Therefore clearly to mention that in these product I was totally mislead,  charged money for new product but delivered refurbished ones.  So please customers when ordering any unlock cell phone make sure they are delivered new, if for any reason you are hinted that it is refurbished or used one please return it immediately without hasel.

I got this phone to replace until i can upgrade. The timing to get the phone was good, however taking the phone out the charger did not work. The phone was charged (good thing).. Now I enjoyed the feautres and the phone itself.. I got a case for it... Dropped it about two weeks later the screen cracked. That is the end of the phone...

This phone won't keep a charge.  It is really a piece of junk!  Very disapointed in it.  I have had it for about 2 1/2 weeks and battling with it ever since.

The phone was great at first. I just had to get used to a touchscreen phone. Then I thought the battery was dying on me. I bought a replacement battery and still had the same problem. It turned out that the screen would just go out. problem just got worse. LG is not my friend.

Bought this phone as a gift for my mother during Christmas...She had some trouble with it so i master reset and the problems seemed to go away. Within a month (a couple of weeks ago) she complained she couldn't charge the phone. I checked and sure enough it couldn't charge because the Charging port had detached and caved inside of the phone. I contacted the seller for a return and exchange but they never responded. Fortunately Amazon has a good claim service, i'now just waiting for a follow up...

When I bought from this product it first of all the company was horrible. They couldnt get me the product on time. It came like a week later than it was suppose to. Then after about two weeks of having the phones touch screen stoped working and now i cant use the phone. I would not recomend this to anyone.
