
The Samsung T301G Tracfone has many more features than stated. From a very adjustable camera. To the ability to record your own ring tone. Sending & receiving email, up to 640 x 480 graphics. The ONLY detraction is the sound quality of it's transmitted signal. (You might sound tinny to the people you call when the battery gets low.) Overall though, I give this phone high marks. You won't get a better phone at anywhere near this price.

I cannot believe how well this phone works given the amount I paid for it. It was actually less than the cost of a package of cigarettes! Stylish, easy to use, and just as advertised. Amazon has done it again!

it looks cool, feel good, but the menu screen is kinda questionable. hard to tell what youre doing in the menu if youre not used to it. also, it subracts .6 minutes a message when my last one only subracted .3 minutes... also, the service is questionable. i wouldn't buy this phone if you live out in the country where service is patcher...exactly where i live -.-

UPDATE: December 8, 2011In the past year, I have gone through 3 of these phones. Based on that, the Samsung T301G has got to be one of the worst phones ever made. The main problem is that when the phone breaks, Tracfone sends out a REFURBISHED one. The refurbs were probably returned for the same reason as I returned my first phone (it was freezing and finally became unresponsive). After I called to ask that they send me a new phone, they said OK but they again sent a used one. I'm only going to activate it because most of their other phones have also gotten bad reviews.I picked this Tracfone after my Motorola broke after 2 years of use. This phone has very, very short batter life (needs to be charged every other day even if it hasn't been used very much) and it's Bluetooth function does NOT work with my Bluetooth enabled GPS and other devices for hands-free calling. The only positive is that the phone looks better than the Motorola and that it's faster at sending/receiving text messages, even though the controls and buttons to type the text are very small and hard to get used to.To sum it all up, if you can, please buy a different phone and save yourself the headache of having a broken phone every 3 months (and that's in the case of a NEW one. Used/Refurbished ones are broken OUT OF THE BOX). Tracfone used to be good, but with this, one of the worst phones ever made, and the fact that they keep sending me a used one makes them one of the most annoying companies I've had to deal with.

I found Tracfone coverage in AC 508 spotty at best, non-existent in most towns on MVY. "Customer Service" (as many other reviewers point out) is a joke, the operators are not only unwilling but also incapable of giving any kind of explanation why the service varies so greatly within a few hundred feet, also depending on the time of day. You may find yourself in a "black hole".The little Samsung works OK, the display is bright and the buttons not too responsive (except the cursed browser one). Volume control is not quite up to par. The menu to access functions is unncessarily complicated and not at all intuitive.

Left for vacation and my LG600g phone was in the console. At 2am thought it was safe when valet parked it. GONE. Bought this phone because it had bluetooth and a couple other features the 600 didn't. BEWARE! Bluetooth will not connect to your computer for file transfer. Only for headset. Buttons hard to use. 2 steps to unlock slider. Called Tracfone Indian CS AND THEY WOULDN'T GIVE ME THE MINUTES PROMISED FROM THE 600. No answer from Emails. Returning this phone. Calling CS again shortly.

This phone is OK. The one thing that is really bad about this phone though is that if someone texts you, something will pop up on the screen that says "1 new message" and the time and date that the message was sent, that's good but it doesn't say who the message is from until you view the message. So sometimes it doesn't matter if it shows you who it's from or not, but a lot of times it does because after you open the message, minutes get deducted, so you could open a text from someone you don't know or open a text that you don't want to respond to, and you won't know who it's from until after your minutes get deducted. I have wasted a lot of minutes because of that. Although, when someone calls you it DOES say who the call is from. I am planning on getting a new phone that shows who your text messages are from.-Jill, Age 12

My phone had excellent reception in metro Detroit area.  Fair camera quality.  Bluetooth headset sync was easy.  Have to pay TracFon 4min. to transfer photos :(  because Bluetooth and x-fer cable is disabled.  Some photos took 2 attempts (8 minutes!).  Purchased the phone from my local Target, but Tracfon had to send a new SIM card to activate it.  Phone started to die after 6 months; often can't turn it off.  When it is off, you can see the keypad flash like it is trying to turn on.  Drains the battery over night.  Might go away after charging, but full or low battery does not effect problem.  Tracfon will not let me just swap the SIM card to a new phone, so all the contact info will be lost :(  I expected better.

Great fone. bought thru Amazon. Just as described....Only cincern, you have to use their browser, other wise, a good fone

Tracfone still has the best geographic coverage of the pay as you go cell phone options. I had tried a Common Cents option when I wanted to upgrade to a phone with Bluetooth capabilities to work with a newly acquired car and bought in to the Common Cents hype about lower per minute cost and the round down on partial minutes of airtime. What Common Cents does not emphasize in their advertising is that there is absolutely no roaming. If you are outside of the Sprint network coverage area the phone will not work. Just because you have a friend or acquaintance with a Sprint Contract phone that gets coverage in the areas that you travel does not ensure that a Common Cents phone will work in those areas.I subsequently upgraded my Tracfone to the Samsung t301g which did pair with my Ford Sync system and allows hand free calling. I was unable to get the contact list from the phone uploaded to the Sync system but Ford does have some free downloadable software that allows you to create a contact list on your computer and then transfer it to the vehicle via a USB data key.The phone documentation is minimal and the download available from TracFone adds very little information.  The default ringtone is progressive, starts out soft and gets louder, and I doubt that anyone will hear the first two rings in a store, restaurant or car. There are several other ringtones built in and I found one that was satisfactory when the volume is adjusted upward. The call volume is also adjustable during a call and most people will probably need to set it near the maximum for use with the hands free calling options with Ford Sync.One peculiarity of the phone is that there is no provision for setting the date and time manually and the time picked up from the network is about two minutes slow. I initiated a support request via email and one week, four emails and about 2 hours spent on the phone with three "customer support" representatives I finally received an email confirming that there was no way to manually adjust the time, that they could do nothing about the incorrect (Compared to NIST)time, and stating that the "issue had been addressed", which in my opinion is not the same as the issue being resolved.While the "Customer Support" representative were courteous, they speak a dialect that is difficult to understand and one every call you spend at least five minutes repeating information that you provided in you initial support request and all of your previous calls and then long periods on hold as they "check with a supervisor" or search "their system" for additional information regarding your problem.In summary the phone is usable and does provide some functionality with Ford Sync systems at a reasonable price when you factor in that you get double minutes for the life of the phone. TracFone support is basically non-existent. If you are the type that reads manuals and are willing to do some internet research Tracfone provides "as needed airtime" at a reasonable cost. If you are the type that likes or needs some hand holding you should probably look elsewhere and if you have become dependent on a cell phone to provide the correct time you definitely need a different phone.

Just had to add my two cents. I read the reviews about the ease of accidentally hitting the browser button and losing minutes, and I ordered this phone anyway. And I agree 100% about the browser. While setting up the phone I have lost a few minutes already by accidentally hitting the darn browser key. What a dumb place to put a browser key! (It's the top right button on the front of the phone, and if you bump it, hit it, press it accidentally (even when the phone is in the closed position), if your phone is on, you will lose 0.5 minutes.  I have searched all over the web and there is no way to disable it, or at least have it ask you if you want to connect. Terrible terrible feature. I also followed the instructions of another reviewer and entered *#4777*8665# and followed the instructions, and it doesn't work for me, and from other sites I have found out, sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.  I am going to see over the next month how much time I lose, and then I may have to take another reviewer's advice from another website and glue the button shut. (He said this worked for him fine and you can still get to the browser from the menu button).  I cannot recommend this phone to anyone who has kids, your kids will drain their minutes by accident.

I dropped my Samsung 301g and cracked the screen. I ordered a new one from Amazon and after activating it and having my minutes transferred by Tracfone, the web browser would not work. 2 Days of calls to customer service resulted in still no browser. They said that the browser would not connect to the tower. The customer service lady was, as were the ones before her, very polite and extremely courteous to me. This last rep just told me, without me asking her, to wait for a new phone to be sent to me in 3-5 days. Then I will call to get my number and minutes transferred again.I had no problems with the last phone that this one replaced and expect the same for the replacement. All worked great except the lack of a browser. I don't use the browser but need it to download new ring tones.

This is a really good phone if you just need a basic model for low use, or just to keep for emergencies.  I've had the big phone contracts, but now, I do not need that and I cannot justify paying that bill every month for a phone that I rarely use. I previously had a samsung katalyst and before that a samsung flip phone, I love the samsung phones they are really good quality and stand up to a decent amount of abuse.  This particular phone is a cheaper model, but is similar to the Katalyst that I just finished up with. So far it's been good, sound quality is good.  I also want to touch on tracphone's customer service.  I had to call them because the minutes I placed on my phone didn't show up on the phone after several attempts to retrieve them, Customer service was excellent!  They walked be through what to do and problem solved, they were very polite and curtious as well, all around a great experience.  Did have to wait on hold either; my call was answered quickly and efficently. I'm definetly happy that I decided to go with the tracphone!!!

This is a fine instrument for a second phone. It is light, reliable and not expensive. Used with Tracfone, it is very possibly the cheapest cell phone service to be found today.

This is a great phone for anyone that just wants a basic style phone, bought this as a backup for my android tracfone and for the price you really cant beat it :3

I love this phone! Samsung did a good job here. It has a calander butten to,the pic also look good. The only bad thing was it eats your air time to go on the internet. The camra buten is on the side and looks good with the phone. All around a vary good phone!

The browser button is on the face of this flip phone. It often gets triggered when you try to answer a call or when you put the phone in your pocket. You get charged a minimum of 1/2 minute whenever this happens. I never use my browser, but TracPhone can not disable internet service for your handset, nor will they reimburse you for accidental triggering of this button. :(

I have had a couple of these phones for years. I had one and my husband had one. My husband's finally died after about 2 years so I wanted to replace it with one like we had. It worked right out of the box and we are happy with it. It is a no frills phone, but it does what we want it to do. I would recommend this product. The price is great, too!

This phone works well with the Trac-fone system.  It is cheap to buy, simple to use, and great as an emergency unit.  Well worth the money.

Great product, easy to understand and use. Good Tracfone phone. Very convenient because it is very inexpensive and can be used only when you need it, ie. emergencies or important calls.

IT IS REALLY A NICE PHONE FOR THE PRICE, IT DOES EVERY THING THAT I WANTED IT FOR, REALLY SATISFIED WITH IT.

Read other reviews for pros/cons, but do note that the dual use charger-headset jack is not micro or mini USB. According to Samsung and a local dealer, there is no adapter available. None of the multiple adapters provided with the phone will work w/the proprietary jack. So, you cannot use your own plug-in headset or a universal external extended battery, and there are no OEM extended batteries w/cover. I was told by a dealer that post 2008 phones must have compatible micro or mini jacks, and T301g is older. If this is not an issue for you, the phone is a very good simple phone, especially once the browser is disabled. These are problems for me, and may be for you: 1. microphone quality of provided headset is significantly lower than the Plantronics I was using; 2. I am in a rural area and the battery use is higher than the previous Motorola tracfone, so other battery options are helpful; 3. bluetooth costs more than the phone, and given phone and battery life, didn't seem a worthwhile investment.

Great Starter phone for kids or for those who lose their smart phone.  Works great, rates are OK.

Besides being a very good phone, this Samsung phone is Bluetooth enabled, has a nice camera, and the slider is easy to use. Loaded with good features but not complicated to use.

So long as you don't require customer service, tracfone is fine. But if you do, expect a foretaste of hell. I really appreciate it when I say something to a rep and they proceed as if I had never said anything. And if for any reason you deserve a refund, well, say your prayers but don't expect them to be answered. I switched to another company.

No way on how to set one's clock when DST is involved. Also, no explanation on how to use the speakerphone.

Very basic phone but thats all you need to make calls.  Cheaper for me that any other "unlimited" plan out there.  I only use it when I really have to ... not to chit chat...I am very happy.

After toting around a smartphone for a few years I decided that I needed a backup.  I purchased this as a &#34;just in case&#34; - and it's become my primary phone.  I don't surf the web on my phone.  I use it to make and receive telephone calls.  It does this wonderfully and is so light that I forget that it's in my pocket.  Did I mention that I only have to charge it twice a week?

i like the slide and ow it kind of shrinks when you put it in your pocket because te numbers slide up. it could been better text and camera wise though. thats my honest opinion.

Tracfone has no signal where we live bought jitterbug instead of  Tracfone which ha a signal and cheaper plans than Tracfone

I bought this solely to use as an intermediary transition step for porting my land line phone number over to Google Voice. It worked great, and the LPN had my landline number on this phone for only about four hours, so very good service. Only problem was when I went to port the second number, apparently I couldn't do it with the same SIM because the account had already been activated, then deactivated post-porting to Google Voice. However, Tracfone customer service (foreign call center), after troubleshooting on another phone call with me for 45 minutes finally agreed to send me a new SIM card (took 9 days to receive) and then I could activate again and port the 2nd number. The second time, I decided to give the phone to my son after porting, and called customer service and this time they were able to re-activate on the same 2nd SIM that had just finished the same procedure the first SIM did. Odd, but it worked!

I spent time today looking for a new phone.  All I see is heartbleed issues and battery eaters.  I have used this phone since they came out with it. I never have battery problems. I have played Sudoku till my eyes hurt. It takes pretty nice pictures.  It has a voice recorder that I even forget to use. The alarm clock is great. The bluetooth never worked. I dropped it once in Walmart and the headphone and USB cable never worked after that. But it does make calls and receive calls like it should. I used the browser occasionally.  I don't think the browser works anymore.  I can still email photos to my email.  I think it is time for a new phone.  The amazing thing is I found it in my purse lining.  I traveled this week and couldn't find my phone. I thought it was lost forever.  It kept sending out a low battery signal and I could hear where it was.  I had a hole in my purse lining and the phone had slipped into the lining.  The battery life is still amazing.  Not sure what to do with a phone that really is a phone.

I have charged this phone, and I have studied every manual that came with it, and tried and tried, with no success.  Nor could I find a Help option to call.  Useless.H Fingarette]fingarette@gmail.com

I found this fone to be  a nice size and it had all the features except the mp3 player so I  am  unable to download music. but that is ok I  feel that those ear plugs are dangerous when you are walikg down the streets of mean nasty NYC..

Works great!  Battery last a long time.  Glad to have the double minutes but wish it had the triple minutes like our last Tracphone

This was a replacement for the exact phone that was run over by a golf cart.  TracFone was awesome to transfer all my minutes from my old phone to this one..(and they were not required to do so).  To my surprise, I got a phone that has double minutes for life on top of it!

No way to unlock this one. You should use (Trafone) only to use this phone. I tried to find unlock number but there is no way for this cellular.

You get what u paid for, more value per $ . Needed a basic phone to call n receive calls.

You can read on an unopened package what features a phone has but what people really need to hear is how those features you use most "work."  It's a well built phone that I will use mostly for talking and limited texting.  My main concerns about a phone are its quality and its audio performance (both incoming and outgoing).  Because I have owned and used all three, I can compare this phone to the LG600G and the Motorola W376G and this one is the winner hands down!  Audio is as good or better than the Motorola 376 and even better quality of construction.  The 376 has a "flimsy" key pad not conducive to large finger tips and its silver case scratches easily.  The LG600G (or at least the one I received) had POOR quality audio coming and going - nobody sounded like them self and it was not sharp and clear.Samsung produced some features you don't see in the average "prepay plan phones."  The one I appreciate most is an added touch that speaks to the quality of Samsung products and it is the ability to adjust total sound levels up or down depending on your environment (normal, silent, driving and outdoors).They'll continue to improve as time goes on but for the present, the T301G is the best that TracFone offers and is an excellent phone.

This is the phone I was looking for. I tried every store. It was just what i wanted and it got here fast.

the phone is awsome my girls love them the camera is clear and the mins where doubled when we got the on line plan ...very awsome phone

I've used mine for several years and overall have been pleased.  Don't use it much.  But I have tried it in California, Florida, and the midwest and never had a dropped call.  Biggest complaint is it sometimes will turn on by itself and use up power.  Note that there is no card to store pictures.  The best way to transfer photos from the phone is to connect it to your computer, and copy them.

I love the simplicity of its operation, and I have had others but this is a great phone. I lost it for 6 months and when it was found , it was as if I had just met an old friend who I had not seen in years.

As many have commented the internet connection button is a rip-off.  Just be careful and avoid it.  For the price I haven't found a better value.

Battery life is too short (cheap battery).  Even if you do not use the phone and simply leave it ON, you will need to recharge it every 3 days.  Indoor reception is poor.  The phone does not work in Canada when vacationing.  I will probably replace this phone after 1 year.

I did not get much use out of this phone. In fact I haven't used it at all. To understand what I'm saying first you must get the explanation on why I purchased this phone. My younger brother had a tracfone and he lost the battery. How he managed to do that? Well I have no idea. Anyway the reason this phone was purchased was so he could just switch his sim card into it and move on with his life and my mother had recently purchased a year's worth of service on his original phone.Unfortunately Tracfone will not allow you to switch sim cards into a new phone, even though these both use the exact same model card. They will however make exceptions if you call in and talk to a representative in person.

My minutes just would evaporate on this phone.  One day I would have 100 minutes and pick up the phone out of my purse and it would have 80. Then 80 to 60, then 60 to 30 and I had not made a call.Didn't know why, still don't know why unless like the other reviewers said the browser was accidentally being turned on. Tracfone replaced it first saying the phone was defective, but the new one is doing the same thing.  MINUTES DISAPPEAR.  When I complained was told several times by the first two women that the phone was working properly and they did their best to dismiss me. So, I asked if they were calling me a liar. Finally they decided to send me a new, different brand of phone.What irks me about this entire situation is, you KNOW they KNEW what was happening to me, yet feigned ignorance.After I told them I had been a faithful tracfone user for eight years and did not have this problem with my other phone, did their attitude change a bit.  Still very upset the way they treated me, but it is typical of the way companies treat their customers these days.  AT&T; is worse, much worse.  If I had a choice I would change. In fact, I felt like just giving up all this technology and doing without a cell phone.How much do we have to pay to be treated like garbage?  Tracfone you are the pits today.  It's terrible to waste so much time talking to these people, even if in the end they do what is right.  I know I was on the phone way over an hour.  They knew all along what it was, and kept denying there was a problem.  My blood pressure I am sure was skyrocketing.

i purchased this phone to upgrade for the pictures, 3G coverage, etc.  HOWEVER, my phone changed to TMobile from AT&T(my previous carrier for my old phone).  TMobile is really bad.  i've yet to be able to answer my phone or make a call.  no signal, no signal, what a joke!!  i'm returning the Samsung T301G and moving minutes back to my Motorola, which i never had a problem using.  thank you AT&T!

My daughter loves it

This phone is good except for the bluetooth. There is no way to place the phone into discoverable mode. Therefore, no other bluetooth devices can see it!

I got it because of trouble with another phone.  I found it on sale here for $5.00 and got it.  So far, it seems to be working okay.  I have made a few calls and was told the calls were clear and no crackling in the background.  Not a bad deal.

I've had this for a few  months now, and so far so good.  Little slider phone, nice and simple.I've had no problems with it and selected automatic minutes add on each month.

I don't really know alot about phones but if I was to buy these phones just because it's cheap and it says prepaid on it, can I still just put my own sim card in there. will it still work or do i have to stick with the sim card that comes with it that is prepaid?

This phone is darn good EXCEPT, the browser is tied to the back button.  So if you press the back button too many times, $.50 gets deducted when the browser is activated.  No warnings of money to be taken.  Unbelievable design flaw.  Or maybe a scam by design.  Otherwise, for the $30 I paid, its very good.  I'm returning it now.  No more samsung for me.  FOLLOW-UP 1/25/2011: Apparently this flaw which prevents me from NOT getting this phone is NOT samsungs fault.  I ordered a different replacement phone from TracFone/Net10 (same co.) and it does the same thing.  They are programming these phones to do this.  The manual says the key is attached to the contact list where the TracFone/Net10 version is attached to the Web and not re-programmable.  So its not the phone.  Sorry about that.  It is a good phone otherwise but not with the Tracfone/Net10 folks.  I left it at one star so folks can read the caveat if they use it with Tracfone/Net10.

i have not got the phone yet but i heard it is really good and it is really cool. and i am excited to get it

I was very disappointed in this phone. Despite Tracfone telling me it was good in my area it did not tell me that web access or multimedia support does not work in my area. I can't send a picture, browse the web or send email. I went to tracfone to download ringtones on my computer and the download failed, but I was still charged for the ringtone. Trying to get technical support I was only allowed to buy new airtime. Phone support personnel do not have any good english speaking skills. The three calls to tech support sounded like they were in a concert hall and they could not resolve my issues.Tracfone is fine for $20 phone and text service and a 3 month card for $20-40, but using tracfone with this phone is a disappointment and I don't recommend it unless you know that web & multimedia support is available in your area.

i like everything about the phone except it's reception - i live in an area without great reception, but my old phone worked fine. the new one only rings 1 time in 4 :(

I feel this phone has met my expectations. It's for my 9yo son. It's easy to use & a good first phone for him. I especially like the GPS feature on this for a Lost child/person. I purchased this for safety & I would & have recommended this to other parents for their children.

It's not the most exciting phone...but it has triple minutes, its easy to use, and cost $5. I bought it for my 7th grader to text me after games or practices. When it fell in the water and broke I simply ordered another :)

I wasn't expecting much for the price but this is actually a pretty cool phone!. My elderly aunt uses it specially because she can see the big numbers she is dialing. It's pretty light, portable and we love the flip in-out motion. Tracfone plans are not the cheapest BUT they do have awesome coverage everywhere. While I was having problems dialing a call with my own phone in a pretty remote area, I realized that I had only one bar on my cell, and my aunt had 5 bars on her Samsung/Tracfone!Kudos. Great product.

Does the job. Nothing fancy but provides a cheap, adequate cell phone for someone that just wants to use it for emergencies and when there is no other option available. However, it is fragile. This is the 3rd one I've bought for my teenage daughter in a little over a year but my wife and myself have not had anyting happen to ours.

Good value for the price! You can't go wrong paying less than nine dollars and have bluetooth and a camera. Phone slides up to unlock and reveal the keyboard.

i perchesed this phone for my daugther. its an okay phone but some of the features does not work like her receiving picture messages , the picture will not save and it will not let you look at it. the blue tooth doesnt work also but other than that the phone is okay.

This is an excellent Samsung prepaid phone. Organizes well, high quality, and perfectly priced. You really can't beat it. It's very easy to use too. The Tracfone service offers everything - from big savings each month to awesome coast to coast coverage nationwide. It has everything you need in a cell phone, but without a monthly overcharged cell phone bill. Def reccommend this phone and service to anyone looking for a great deal.

Only $10 and it works within minutes of opening the package.  You can't beat this buy for a quick second phone.

I really like my new phone, never seen one like this before it is different. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a unique phone to use. Thanks again

When I first tried out tracfone, I bought this phone.  I got it on sale for $19.99 and it had double minutes for life. It worked so well, I got it for myself, then my wife saw it and wanted one for her. I find the battery life is actually pretty good as is the reception. This is a great little phone!UPDATE: 4-6-14: My wife wanted to go back to a Basic phone. She said she wanted a tracfone that was a flip phone, however, when she remembered that we had these from years ago, she opted to return to this Model. Great little phone!

The browser not being able to be turned off is ridiculous.  NEVER purchase this Samsung phone for use with tracfone or you, as I, will end up with many fewer minutes than have been purchased!!!  What a SCAM.

I have another Tracfone (a simple Motorola flip) that I love. If it were still available I would have purchased it.  I'm not a heavy cell phone user so prepaids are great for me.  Why a got a second phone is a long, boring story.  The bottom line is when this Samsung is immediately next to my Motorola in my home, it has sometimes has only 2 bars while my Motorola has four.  I've had it in areas where there is generally excellent cell coverage where it has no reception/signal at all while my Motorola (again, immediately next to the Samsung) has four bars and is working fine.I have gotten nowhere near the standby battery life that is cited on Tracfone's product description. Most of my conversations are in the 1-3 minute range. Most days I make fewer than three calls.  I can't imagine how short the battery life would be if I actually used it to talk for any period of time. Even fully charged at the beginning of the day the battery shows as low by the end of the day or the next AM.While there are some nice features (being able to assign ring tones to contacts) that my older phone doesn't have, those features are worthless if I can't make calls or the battery is dead or dying.

It is a normal phone as everybody else, however, the browser key located at softbutton on the right, very easily be touched, and automatically connected to internet, and you lose your minutes without knowing. You can't disable it, which is a way the tracfone trick you money. Shame on you tracfone!

It's cute. Comes easily to hand.  Not a bad price for a cell phone with gaming, photoes and texting capabilities.

A few comments on this phone:1) The builtin ringtones are lame, they're uninspiring, almost random sounding "tunes," however I find the ring volume loud enough, in contrast to complaints from some users that it's too low.  Perhaps Samsung fixed this issue.2) The screen is 2" diagonal, which is a good size for a low end phone, however the low resolution makes it a bit grainy.  Also it has a narrow viewing angle, i.e. you have to hold it at a certain angle or it appears dark or washed out.3) The mobile web capability is very limited because of the phone's low memory.  Originally Tracfone only allowed you to go to a set of preselected sites.  Now you can enter any URL, but most of the time you get an insufficent memory error because the site is too large.  I mainly use it to get info. by searching Google, in lieu of the Google SMS service that they discontinued.4) As others have noted, when you close the slider the outer buttons don't lock immediately, you have to wait a few seconds before putting it in your pocket, otherwise the browser button could get pushed and you can lose a lot of minutes.5) Battery standby time is less than a week, which is lower than other phones I've used.  On the other hand it recharges faster than usual.  EDIT: I recently charged the phone on a Sunday night, and it lasted until the next Monday morning, with light usage during the week.  It will stay at one battery bar for a while and still be functional.  When you recharge it, there doesn't seem to be any alert when it is finished, you have to just see if the battery icon is full.6) The menu screens have a black and orange color scheme which, while readable, is a bit odd.I got it when it was $8, from Dealathon, and I'm still using it.  Overall I'd say it is worth the current price of $5, for those of us who are not into the complexity and cost of smartphones.  You can upgrade to another Tracfone later on.  You can connect it to your Windows PC using a free program from Samsung and a cable you can get from Amazon for a few dollars, see this thread on the Howard forum: [...]ONE ADDITIONAL NOTE: Unlike some of their other phones, Samsung doesn't provide a PDF booklet/manual for this phone.  However, the Samsung T245G flip phone has features that are mostly similar and that does have a manual at [...]The main menus of the two phones are the same except for item #6, which on the T301G is "Games & Apps" while on the T245G it is "Camera."  In actuality, the "Games & Apps" item on the T301G contains Games and the Camera function, so that item is not properly named.  While the T245G doesn't have games, just the Camera function.

Maybe I'll figure it out in the future and update this post accordingly to reflect some new revelation. At this current time though, I am quite confused as to how one can still accidentally hit the browser button months after getting the phone. I can understand accidentally hitting it until you stop doing so due to a learned response; &#34;Fire is hot, and burns, causing pain. Don't touch the fire.&#34; It's as if people are making some conspiracy out of this button. Samsung sells a ton of Galaxy smartphones for hundreds of dollars to millions of people. I don't think the literal 2 dollars a month you might waste due to this button is going to affect their bottom line. Don't get me wrong, I like a good conspiracy but I'm not seeing it here.

Can't call from inside my home, but step outside and I get a decent signal (I live 500 feet from a Verizon tower). My wife's LG 420 flip phone gets a full signal anywhere. Never had problems with pocket dialing, and while I've accidentally hit the browser button, it's easy to quickly disconnect before getting charged that .50 minute by hitting the END button right away. Other than the weak signal, the phone has been ok in basic modes.

The phone is terrible. Half the time I can not get any service, and there is no way I can make a call from inside my house. I just ordered new phones this morning, and I hope they work!

I just received the phone and there is NO BATTERY included, although the package says it should be!??????????? What's up with that?????

I was a Tracfone customer for years and have to say that this was one of the worst Tracfones that I owned.PROS:1) Cool design2) Easy to use interfaceCONS:1) Quiet ringers2) Phone got a terrible signal3) Hard to hold onto- the shape of the phone is not hand friendly4) Terrible voice quality and tons of dropped calls5) Phone often slid open on its ownAfter I bought this phone I was sorry that I switched from the LG 600G phone, which is easily the best Tracfone being offered.

good choice with slide and camera, speakerphone is great and of good quality, one of the best deals I have ever gotten

This is a pretty neat cheap phone. It activates easy and came with 20 minutes free! I thought that was pretty sick. And it has double minutes for life, so whenever you add more, you get double what you paid for for free. Pretty sick! I would definitely recommend this to someone who needs a cheap little prepaid for any reason.

This little phone has everything you need for a telephone plus a great many extras.  Unbelievable at $5.  Only disadvantage is the battery needs charging a little to often.

I ordered 2 of these phones for use as TracFones. Both of them had to have the SIM card replaced. One still didn't work after the card was put in place, so it took numerous customer service calls to get it going. Both phones have no voice mail features. Whenever I try to access the voice mail option, the phone won't allow me to enter. I had to place more calls to customer service and have yet to have this problem resolved. It's been nearly 3 weeks now! How much of this is the phone and how much is the service, I can't say. But since the phone is a TracFone exclusive, it all seems to tie together.

I like this phone "OK". I've have simple needs and this phone works well, but I have to subtract a couple of stars because of that darn browser button that I have hit several times by accident, costing me 1/2 unit of airtime each time. It screams of a "SCAM" to reduce your airtime/units, and there seems to be no way to fix this issue. I also have some concern as to how durable the phone would be, should I drop it when it's not in the case I bought for it off eBay. Finally, the screen is difficult to read in sunlight. But other than these things, the phone seems to suit my needs well enough, and saves me a lot of money versus an overpriced "gotcha" contract plan.

My wife and I each have one of this model Tracfone.  Neither has been a problem with outgoing or incoming calls.  No dropped calls.  Voice quality has been clear and natural sounding.  We haven't yet found any areas where the phone won't work, and this covers New England to Oregon.  Those are the "pros."  The following are the "cons," along with some physical features we would like to see improved:-  One of my biggest cons is the fact that the browser key is fixed and cannot be changed or disabled. The prompt that gets you into this limited browser can  be easily activated and cost you fractions of minutes.-  I carry my T301G sideways in a belt holder.  I have occasionally missed a call when extracting the phone and quickly pressing the "off" button by mistake.  This won't shut the phone off, but it will cancel the incoming call.-  The little, raised line under the display is used to slide the phone open.  This line is too small and and just about useless to use.  A rubber, or ribbed area on the side of the phone would be much more useful to slide the phone up.  I find the process to be a "two thumbs" operation if you don't want to press on the LED display all the time - or activate one of the soft keys which are much too close.-  My previous Tracfone was a "clamshell" V176.  This has a rubber feel to the phone, and I never thought I might drop the thing because of a slick, or slippery exterior.  I wish the T301G was made from the same material - although I have not yet dropped this phone.-  The four soft keys can be programmed for whatever you want.  I have found that assigning your "contact list," messages, list of incoming calls and phone info (minutes and time left) works best for me.  The keys themselves, however, are still too small.  The "incoming calls" one is needed for when I mistakenly disconnect a call as mentioned above.-  I found the phone information that constantly scrolls across the screen to be distracting and irritating.  I was able to shut this function off through the menu though.  The press of one of the soft keys now tells me this information.The above "cons" are not a deal breaker for me.  Life with this phone would be just a little easier if they were addressed.Some other thoughts:-  I have never had trouble adding minutes to either phone.  I do it over the internet.  All they want is your phone number (as long as the phone is registered with Tracfone - easy to do).  You purchase the minutes/time and they appear on the phone almost immediately.  Keep the phone "on" while doing this.-  My V176 lasted almost six years with no problems until the last two weeks of it's life.  If I can get this same performance from the T301G, then (for the price)I think it will be worth it.-  I know it would make the phone a bit larger, but I wish the soft keys, menu and browser keys, and key pad itself were a little larger.  Less room for error and more comfortable to use.-  I have the phone set to answer (or call) when the slide is used.  I don't think the browser will activate, by accident, when the phone is closed, because it's locked then.(Edit on the above - If the phone is "on," then the browser will activate even when the phone closed (locked).  This "con" continues to grow larger)Not a great camera, but it will do in a pinch.The volume control is on the side of the phone.  Ascending from 1 thru 7.  One press below 1 puts the phone on vibrate.  Easy.All-in-all, this is a nice little phone, for the price, and the fact that no contracts are involved.  Much less expensive to operate than than most any other phone. It would, (at least for me) be the perfect little phone if the above "cons" could be ironed out.__________________________________March, 2014 -I have to add these thoughts to the above review.  It's been just about four years since I wrote the above comments.  The necessity of opening the phone by placing a thumb on the screen has not been a problem at all.  The rugged little screen is no worse for the constant manipulation.  My wife and I were up in mid-Maine last May.  I had my new Apple iPhone with me.  Three of the others I was with had iPhones and one android phone.  It was necessary to call a person at the local historical society. These four "high end" phones got "no service" in this remote area. I remembered that I had the Tracfone in the glove compartment, because I still had a couple of months of time left on the phone. Yes - you guessed it - the Samsung T301G made this call just fine.  No, the T301G doesn't take really clear photos and it's difficult to send a text or record appointments. But, it was the only device (out of five) that actually made a telephone call!  You know I put another year on the T301G and have it with me when I need to travel to these out-of-the-way places.  I can now add "dependable" to the list of positive comments above.  I don't know why the Tracfone was the only one able to make the important call - I just know that it did.  The above "cons" are still valid, but have not been the problem I anticipated when writing the initial post.  This phone is a gem.

Are you kidding? Selling a used Samsung Track phone for $300 that you can buy brand new for $6.99 with double minutes for life must be some kind of sick joke!

its not bad. it comes with 20 free minutes. I had no problems working the phone either. but the down side is it came with expired coupons from 2 years ago

Very light in weight. (my 7 yr old can slap it in half easily) Voice is crisp and clear while talking. The speaker phone is clear but needs to be on the highest setting. The browser button is badly located. Accidentally press it couple of times. You cannot change the menu. (Menu and Browser) You can change the shortcut buttons. Fingerprints on screen of course. Easily slide opened. Limited access to the web. Tracfone locked some of its feature I believe. You cannot email of Google. It is great standard phone for making calls only.

Haven't used it yet... was purchased as a back up phone... so far I am good with it thou... we'll see...

I replaced my Motorola w376g, with this model, as I can't get the w376g in my area anymore. I'm disappointed with the T301G.* It reception isn't as good as the motorola's.* The battery lasts only 3 days on standby* The keypad is recessed making it awkward, its taking me quite a while to get used to it* Reception comes and goes even when its strong* The camera takes grainy photosThere are only a couple of things I like about the phone:* The phone's default setting has the key lock on, especially convenient because the web browser button is on the outside* Its fairly small, only a tad larger than my motorola* Good voice qualityAfter reading all these good reviews, I wonder if I got a dud.//Edit Oct 20I exchanged this one for another of the same model. The reception was even worse than the first one.

The phone is perfect for my needs. I am a Senior and need an emergency phone in my truck. The phone is inexpensive and performs great with clear sounding audio on both ends of the circuit. The carrier (Tracfone) offers various plans that should meet most requirements for a backup full featured phone.

Yes it met all my expectations, the name alone did that, and the price made the package complete. It does more then it says.  I love it, also it came when I wasn't expecting it.

If you live in an area where there is any question about cell phone service....then read on before you buy a Tracfone on-line.  You cannot return a phone using Tracfone on-line, you have to call them to get an RA# and then they tell you to call them to provide the Tracking number. Let me clarify....I bought my Tracfone directly...not through Amazon, so this is in no way a reflection on Amazon.Here is what it took to get RA #...4 calls/over 2 days.  2 calls were dropped by Tracfone due to volume. I waited 20 minutes on the 3rd, without reaching an agent (I had to drop). 4th call I waited 15 minutes to get an agent.  Then it took another 30 minutes for them to ask all the questions.  First, why I was returning the phone {phone was fine...service was 2 bars or less at home]. Then, I had to give them all my contact information (which should have popped up, because I gave them my order number).After all this effort I gasped when they told me that I had to call them with the return tracking number to ensure I got my refund.  I thought that they were being nice when they gave me an unpublished number to call.  Silly me, I am on my 6th dropped call due to high volume....still have not been able to get through on either line. It has been another two days of trying.  Tracfone customer support is pitiful!

If you are looking for a great burner phone, you can't beat this one for the price.  Comes with 20 minutes and something like 30 days of service time out of the box.  Battery lasts forever.

I purchased mine at a K-mart about a year ago. I fell in love with it and added some games to it by using credits (minutes) I had accumulated. The features are great and even though the internet access was a bit shaky and slow, that didn't matter to me since I didn't use it much for that purpose anyway.The coolest thing about this phone is I was helping my brother pull his boat up next to a dock and the phone slipped out of my pocket and into the water. Even though I only paid twenty bucks for it, new, I also had some 300 minutes on it and also some pictures I took, so I was dissapointed I would lose them both.I just looked at the phone sitting there on the sand, and even though I knew there wasn't much chance for it, I stretched my hand down as far as I could and retrieved the phone. The window lit up when I shook the water from it. My brother said I would have to take it apart right away and dry everything as quickly as possible. I wasn't sure how to take it apart, and didn't have any tools, but it was still working, so I figured it might be okay. Later the screen wouldn't come on, and I thought it was done.An hour or two later, the screen began to work again, but the key pad wouldn't work. A couple of hours later, the keypad began working again, and everything was fine. It has been fine ever since and that was over a week ago. The only thing I don't like is that the only way to retreive the pictures is to send them via e-mail to the computer. It does offer double minutes, so I figure it is still worth it.Now I get a kick out of using it knowing it laid on the sand under two feet of water and still works great.

Washed my other phone. Wanted one to fit my needs so I found a repeat. Very satisfied. Would buy again

This phone is horrible. It's gets no reception where my old phone got reception just fine. I constantly have an "emergency calls only" in places where reception should be fine (based on the number of people around me talking on their phones!) It's going back!

Phone is good basic phone for kids.If you don't plan on using a lot of minutes, it's great.I bought minutes for $10 that lasted 90 days.

You may turn off GPRS (mobile web/MMS) to save battery life if you do not use GPRS features.  However, the option requires accessing a secret menu.  This is how:Open the slider and type *#4777*8665# and a menu should pop up.  Go to menu number 5, Attach Mode.  Select Manual attach.  OK.  It will inform you that you need to restart the phone for this to take effect - do this later.  Then go to menu number 2, GPRS detach.  The phone will notify you that it has done the GPRS detach, which means that it is no longer connected to the GPRS network.  Now restart the phone, and there should be a blue and white G at the top of the screen instead of a red and white one.  Success!  Of course, you may reverse this at any time by going back to the secret menu and selecting Auto attach and GPRS attach.This will NOT adversely affect your ability to add minutes to the phone via [...] or by using a minutes card purchased in a store.  If blocking the browser makes you unable to add minutes directly from the phone, just GPRS attach again and you'll be fine.  If you cannot remember the code, consider putting it into a note (in the tools menu) for safe keeping.Enjoy your longer battery life!

Others have mentioned the same problems I have with the Samsung T301G:  must recharge at least every 3 days and browser key is too easy to hit accidentally. Photos grainy and that I know of, no way to download onto a computer.  Yes, sometimes locks up randomly in spite of using the menu to leave it unlocked.  (Can unlock by entering code 1234.)  In addition, even with the loudest ring tone I can find, I can't hear it ring unless I'm in a totally quiet room--though I have no difficulty hearing my Motorola 370.  Most annoying perhaps, is the fact that once you reach the name & number you want on the contact menu, you still to scroll through more options to reach "Call", instead of being able to just press the green button to "Send".  And why in the world is "Call" not option #1 instead of #4? It's an unnecessary step.  Sending a text could be simplified.  Having said all of that, sound quality and volume levels are excellent when making calls.  It also has an excellent system of options for being able to view and delete information for missed calls and messages.Tracfone itself?  In 7 years with them, while it sometimes requires a wait (like most companies!), once you get through, they're usually able to solve the problem pretty quickly.  And when my daughter hits a dead area with her AT&T; phone, I hand her my Tracfone and she makes her call.  (We live in Oregon, Portland area.)

nice replacement phone with out the crazy price. i just use the phone for emergencies but its easy to learn, nice color resolution for a older style phone....only down side is its a prepaid phone and with the browser botton right at your finger tips....it only comes handy if you have internet. If not its easy to press it by mistake and use your prepaid mins just for a sec.

I ordered the phone because it is the same model as one that I had that stopped working.  When I got it, I found out that I could not unlock the phone and it was therefore useless to me so I returned it.  The no unlock rule was on the packaging when I received it but I did not see it on the Amazon Website.  That aside, the TracPhone charges are ridiculously high.  I recommend T-Mobile's prepay plan.

This phone is pretty nice. It would've gone arrived in two days but Amazon decided to ship w/ USPS so I just got the phone yesterday. I mean it's not an Android, but it has a camera and you can play your music on it. At a time when I'm trying to reduce expenses this phone does the job just fine.

3 people in my family have this HORRID phone!This phone will randomly LOCK itself up.  You power off one day...then BOOM.You try to turn the phone back on, and it is 'locked'. It will have a space foryou to enter a passcode. GOOD LUCK guessing what it is!Customer Service at Tracfone said: " buy a new phone" (a.k.a. TRASH this one)"...and we will switch your service over to it."TRASH. GARBAGE. Stay away from this one, folks. I searched online, and it seemsthis is a pretty common thing for this phone. No answers for fixing this problem.TRACFONE says replacing the phone is the only option.Wish I had read THIS (or one like it) review first.  Live and learn.

I'm not in the US much, but when I'm there it's nice to have a phone to use. This phone works fine, just don't open any messages unless you know who it's from ... every time I opened a message it took a minute off my time and the messages were just spam.

The phone works fine. The coupons from Tracfone included were out of date. I tried to get Tracfone to replace them ,but was unable to get them to do that.

I LUV this Fone :)) !!  Being disabled and having use of only 1 hand, the fact that this cell has the extended keyboard makes my fone easier to grab either from a table or my handbag!I've used my fone @ least 50 x's and have NOT hit the browser button once, howeverI did follow Angela G's code advice and it worked :) yay!I continue to purchase Samsung products for myself and others...TOP-RATED in my opinion plus great value!I've had Tracfone for years with 1 call that was promptly answered and settled as quick!I saved 60% off and as a new Amazon Prime buyer I received my fone in 2 days so an AWESOME buy for me!!!!

As some of you have discovered these phones, along with many others, have a habit of accidentally dialing the browser when you place the phone in your holster and eating up lots of minutes. The simple fix is to wait about five seconds for the screen to go blank before placing the phone in the holster. This locks the keys until you press unlock then OK or slide the phone open. The browser will not dial if you wait these few seconds. It's a pain and stupid on Samsung's part but it's the only way to prevent this problem, there's no way to lock out the browser.

Love TracFone!  I actually bought this one for the charger and battery for my existing TracFone. The price was great!
