
This was my first ever smartphone and I was very happy to get the HTC Droid Eris. My aunt and I both got the HTC Droid Eris because of the buy one get one free promo. It's a great phone, very nice interface and easy to use.Now the negatives...The second day after my purchase, the phone FROZE! What the heck! All I was doing was listening to Pandora. I was forced to remove the battery. After it booted, I went onto Youtube and watched some music videos. But oh wait, it FROZE again! I was AGAIN forced to remove the battery. It wasn't just me, my aunt's HTC Droid Eris also FROZE while she was on the phone talking to a friend. Wow, we are both very unsatisfied. Also, the battery life flat out SUCKS. I have to charge the phone everyday at night time. I feel so stupid now having my aunt buying this phone for both of us because I thought it would be an improvement to our old flip phones. My aunt even said she would still rather use her 2005 Motorola flip phone. My aunt and I are thinking of going to the Verizon store, returning the HTC Droid Eris and getting the Motorola Droid or Blackberry Storm2. I do not recommend this phone to anyone unless HTC/Verizon fixes these problem.I really wish I could keep this phone, but I can't live with the constant freezes and a fast draining battery.**EDIT** 01-23-10 HTC and Verizon released an Over the Air update concerning the freezing issue. The freezing issue is now fixed. This is actually a great phone once you get used to it. Also, the Droid Eris will be receiving Android OS 2.1 in the coming weeks.

This has to be one of the worst phones I have ever had. The user interface is not friendly; in fact, periodically the phone reprograms itself and it is impossible to correct the problem. Functionalities appear and disappear at random. Today the global clock which appears at the top of my home screen has disappeared and nothing in the settings or programs has worked to get it back. I have to go take a tutorial on the website to try and figure it out. Really.Some random ringtone has been locked as my default and I can't change it in the settings. Superfluous screens have inserted themselves so that I have to flick three blank screens to the left to get to my schedule/ day planner.Lest you think that this is user error, I *ALWAYS* make sure that the lock screen is up before I put the phone away, as *guaranteed* it will call someone in my phone book at random if I don't.Hard to believe, but the lock screen has gotten "stuck" halfway or partway down when I am trying to pull it down. This is freaking amazing because it is a *touchscreen* and yet it acts like an actual stuck screen when the program locks up. Freakin unbelievable.It takes literally 5 minutes to connect up to the internet, even in a wifi area. And search or login takes five minutes and then it doesn't even go through.The Google maps app is awesome but I actually have to take the back off, reseat the battery and restart the phone so that my location will be recognized in the network. EVERY TIME.The number pad screen will come up, only if it feels like it. If I make a call and I need to "key in one for English" the number screen may or may not come up when I tap the icon. In fact, pretty much across the board the touchscreen is a piece of *&#%. Its imprecise, unpredictable and difficult to use.DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

I got this phone about a month ago, and have had nothing but praise for it.  Its functionality is great, and I'm planning on taking a free class at my local verizon store to learn about more features I haven't learned about yet.  It is comperable to an i-phone in my opinion with the great verizon coverage.  The one difference and perhaps drawback is the fact that I think this phone isn't as quite pull out the box plug it in and go as compared to an i-phone.  For those who aren't used to a touch screen it does take some patience.  But I am really happy with my purchase!

I've had this phone for about three months. It was fine until about 3 weeks ago when the touch screen becomes unresponsive at random moments. Sometimes it freezes several times a day and oddly it can go for a several days without incident. I may be on a call or trying to make a call. Yesterday it became unresponsive when the phone was ringing so I couldn't answer the call. the techs at Verizon aren't helpful; they are giving out useless advice that doesn't solve the problem such as using a task killer or doing a hard reset. This is a widespread problem with this model of phone and is being discussed in online forums. don't buy this phone, wait until either HTC or Verizon does the right thing and solves the defect in these devices.

Love this phone, smaller than the Moto Droid and works great.  Battery life could use improvement which it will when android 2.1 is released soon.

I still currently use this phone. Variety of apps is great, I love the integration with Google, but that's about where my love for this phone stop. Here are my biggest complaints:1. Response time. I can select an option and the phone will not do anything for at least 10 seconds. Thinking my first touch of the screen did not register, I will push the same button again (in most cases "Call") and it will then end the call. On more than just a couple of occasions, I have spent about five minutes just trying to get the phone to make one phone call.2. The phone freezes and basic programs (like messaging) force close.  If it doesn't force close, then the touch input lags and ends up putting an entirely different character than you wanted.3. The screen will automatically scroll to the left without even touching anything when it is plugged into a charger.4. I've called myself from a different phone and have heard 3 sometimes 4 rings through the phone I am calling from before the Eris even begins ringing. The line will ring about two more times before going to voicemail. So even though a caller will hear about six rings, you only get 2 rings worth of ringing before you miss the call which results in a lot of missed calls. If you do happen to catch the call, good luck trying to accept it before the call goes to voicemail (see slow response time).These issues make it very frustrating to use, especially since I've never had problems like this with phones that weren't touch screen.

This phone has a lot of promise. The Android operating system gives you tight integration with Google Voice (which can automatically make your international calls for you for pennies per minute) and Google Mail. Using "Mytracks" with the GPS is fun and useful. And, well, it's cool having internet in your pocket. But:- every time I booted the phone, Google Voice would crash.- the HTC input program, that lets you type text into the phone, would crash in the middle of emails and not let my type until I rebooted.- many of my conversations were badly muffled. I googled this and followed instructions on switching to "EVRC-B" form "EVRC" (these are algorithms used to encode voices). The quality improved, but people have reported not being able to make calls from some parts of the country after making this switch. Without it, the quality was patchy for me (Boston area). I didn't want to have to play with internal network settings to get the phone to work.- The phone dropped calls, giving a "Signal Faded" message. I checked with Verizon, and this wasn't recorded by the network as a dropped call - therefore it was the phone. I never had this problem with my cheap flip phone.- I couldn't play Youtube videos through the Youtube player.- the phone was laggy. This means you're typing and letters aren't appearing, then appear all at once. Or it means that you're looking through your call history to make a call, press on a number, and call the wrong number because it took 5 seconds to update the list display.- with moderate usage the battery lasts about 6 hours. This is usually fine if you're between office, home and car chargers, but sometimes it's not enough. I was always turning parts of the phone off to save battery life.- video quality is poor, particularly the sound, compared to an iPhone (which admittedly is more expensive).In short, you get what you pay for. This phone is really cheap - but the savings are small compared to the cost of a 2-year plan, and I'd recommend getting the best phone you can to take advantage of the investment that plan represents.

I have had the phone for 3 months.  I did download the new operating system and it seems to make the phone work faster.  I am not a power user, but find that the phone does a lot of little things very well. I mostly use it to check email, news, sports scores as well as the usual cell phone usage.  The size and quality are excellent.  The display is excellent and I don't really have complaints.My recommendation is to look for the Incredible, which seems like it has marginal improvements and is a little bigger.  I like small phones and that was an attraction of this one.  However having a little bit bigger screen would be nice.If you look at methods of turning off WiFi, bluetooth and GPS when you really aren't using them, the battery life becomes less of an issue.  It is easy to do, only a push or two on the screen.The reception of calls and the system seems quite good to me.  That feature is important to me.  I usually make sure any phone I buy has very good reception.I like the phone, didn't give it 5 stars because something has to be really exceptional to get five stars. I don't think you will be disappointed.

So far this phone seems practically perfect.  We were initially nervous about making the leap from blackberry to a droid but it is lacking in nothing that we can see and offers so much more, for the same price per month service plan.  The only thing I miss is a non-touch screen keyboard which is not a problem for navigating the features, but it his ard to get used to for real typing (emails/texting...) My husband isn't concerned and thinks he'll adapt quickly.  Because it requires your fingertip and not your fingernail to recognize the touch, I don't think I could ever accurately type with any speed with my medium length fingernails.  I would want one with a pull out keyboard. As this is my husband's phone primarily and he keeps his nails short, it isn't an issue.  The screen is very easy to read and even outdoors with the optional accessary of a screen cover.  It isn't small but is lightweight. The camera and video are amazing qualities. The google navigator is easy to read.  Emails were received quickly and are easy to flip through. Update: husband's texts still have a lot of typos so he is looking now to switch to the Motorola Droid phone that is supposed to be very similiar but with a pull out keyboard.  It will be heavier which he doesn't love, but accurate touchscreen typing is difficult wiht his large fingers.  I am not altering my 4 stars, as I think many people prefer touchscreen and do not have a problem with it and it really is an amazing phone - like a mini computer.  I could do much on it that I can't do on my blackberry.

At this point I'm sure most of you that are interested in the HTC Eris have done your research on cnet, youtube, and other various websites. I won't waste your time on describing the great things about this phone. There are plenty...trust me. I like to think that it's as good as an iphone. Let me hit up the biggest disapointment: the battery. The Eris is awesome in comparison to many phone out there. Once you turn it on and set it up the way you want it, you'll feel like you own an iphone (which I assume it's a good thing for many). However, you'll quickly find out that being connected to the mobile network (facebook,twitter, email, ect.)and gps 24/7 drains the hell out of your phone.  Sadly, you'll have to tweak your phone to save on power and you just might have to settle on being connected to the mobile network a few hours out of the day. I'm going into day 3 with this phone and I now realize that I'll have to be connected to the mobile network and gps when I go out only. If you're the type of person that wants to be connected all the time, but doesn't have time to play around with your phone during work hours then being connected 24/7 won't be that big of an issue. But if you're constantly playing with your phone then you'll have to set up a time limit on how long you can be connected.Overall, don't let this discourage you. You can easily work around this issue. It all depends on you. I still love this phone and all that it has to offer. When you buy this phone go to this website: [...]This site has lots of helpful information to extend the battery life. It's a really awesome forum.

Great value for the price. Minimalist asthetic (though questionable trackball), beautiful GUI, but really nothing new worth writing about. It's another touchscreen phone and unfortunately, the worst part about the phone is the poor touchscreen. I have been using an Ipod-touch to browse wi-fi for the past two years and haven't had problems. On the ERIS no matter how i set it up (whether it's horizontal screen, or with typing tutorial..) i am always making typos. The ERIS touchscreen is just too inaccurate. I thought I would be ok with a touchscreen and now realize i made a big mistake. I returned the ERIS (with a restocking fee) and switched back to a blackberry; purely, for the blackberry's intuitive, utilitarian interface.The droid software is also rather slow, or rather, the eris is too underpowered to run the software. There is often a lag between when you press a button (call for example) and when a function executes long enough to make you wonder whether you pressed it in the first place and causing you to touch the screen again and accidentally execute another command. Not for the inpatient, especially those with big clumsy fingers.

This is a terrific tiny Internet-connected computer that also happens to make phone calls.Since it's a smartphone, you must pay $30/mo for data, in addition to your voice plan, but I find it well worth it to have a voice-activated Internet device in my pocket. You press the Search button on the phone, speak your Google search words into the phone, and voila!The free apps are really what make the device so great. My favorite is CNET Scan & Shop. Point the phone's camera at a bar code, and it almost instantly brings up a list of online and local vendors of the product, with prices. Another favorite is My Tracks. I go hiking in the desert, and my progress is tracked on a Google Earth type map, making it easy to find my way back to the RV.There are thousands of other free apps, plus some that cost a dollar or a few dollars.The display is bright and crisp, it's easy to use as a telephone, and it is small enough to be comfortable in any pocket.

Just got it! Cool factor is a 10!! I'm having a slight learning curve but I love it. I think the only negative I see right now (coming from using a regular cellphone) is the battery life. I don't think it will last more than 3 hours if used continually to browse the Internet and such. So buy a car charger. Also, the virtual keyboard buttons are a tad small for my fingers and I have to make sure I hit the right ones... but then again, I'm not into texting. Love the screen and clarity which my iPhone owner friend says looks better. Being connected to the Net 24/7 is a new adventure for me... and though it costs more, I don't think I will live without it ever again!

This phone is ok, but I really miss my blackberry. I don't think the touch screen phone is for me. However overall it is a good phone with lots of interesting apps to play with.

Avoid this phone. Get a newer one with more powerful processor. The processor speed is too slow, which leads to many many problems such as slow response time to do anything. Android OS is still not very mature, and it has some weird behaviors that makes you think why did they do it this way, but the OS will improve over time. The hardware you buy will not improve. Some annoying problems this phone has:- Delayed response time in the 5-10 seconds is not uncommon.- Delayed keyed entries which gets confused between keys and press-and-hold keys which inputs alternative characters.- Pocket call galore... this is more of a problem with Android- Phone and ringer volume is not loud enough- Many times I notice I have missed calls even if I'm staring at the phone. I think the slow hardware is the culprit.

I've owned this phone for about two weeks and am still getting to know it.  Lots of good things about it.  Love the Google sky map app!  This is my first smart phone;  my previous one was a Dare, so I'm not an early adopter.  But I'm technically proficient -- use Linux, program in C, all that.  I downloaded the manual for this phone and am somewhat frustrated by the disconnect between what the manual says and how it really works, or doesn't.  I can add  "Favorites" but can't remove them --- the phone does nothing like what the manual says it should.  To remove a favorite, I'm going to have to delete all and add some back.  It is FAR from transparent how to get the list of choices (text, call, etc) to come up when you tap a favorite.  The "obvious" way to add a favorite just gives you one default option;  you can select either text or call, but not both in a menu.  Moreover, I can't change the options on a favorite as the manual says I can:  when I hold on a favorite (following the manual), the only option that comes up is to delete them all.  I'll stick with the Android operating system because it's pretty clean and powerful, but maybe you can sense my frustration with the user interface.  I mean, most people don't read the manual, and when you DO read it and it still doesn't help, something's amiss.

Would have been a very nice phone...however slow and laggy leads to irritating - will be returning after about 2 weeks of use.

I was on the fence about purchasing this phone because of the $30/month additional cost of the data plan, but perhaps that could be rationalized away.  And according to some web research, there are some adjustments that can improve the battery life problem.  But during that same research I learned that unless you're doing hands-free Bluetooth dialing in some Bluetooth-equipped vehicles, that feature isn't supported.  (yep, that basic years-old feature is currently NOT part of the phone - amazing, n'est-ce pas?)  A visit to a brick-and-mortar Verizon store confirmed this.  And there's no clear indication if/when this shortcoming will be addressed.  If a software update for this is released, then and only then will I consider this phone.

The Eris is an excellent deal for a smartphone, and does all the basic things well as well as having access to thousands of free and pay apps.  It is a great value even if you pay the normal price for it.  This one came free with a Droid from Verizon recently.The touch screen works well, the workspaces or pages on the screen don't hold as many apps as the ones on the Droid, but there are more of the screens to work with (7, as opposed to 3 on the Droid).  I can see the advantage to this as it might be better for organizing your apps for some people.  The track ball is very nice, with a slightly coarse feel to the motion when you use it (which I really like).  I generally prefer a hard keyboard, but the Eris touch screen keyboard is a very good for a touch screen.  The GPS navigation is excellent.  The camera is 5meg and pretty darn good.In some ways, I like the feel of the Eris better.  The phone is more rounded and comfortable in the hand than the Droid.  The case is softer with a better grip to it.  The phone is less bulky over all.  Generally more comfortableThe big differences between this and the Droid are the keyboard and the flash for the camera.  If these don't mean much to you, the Eris is an excellent choice.I'm left torn.  I am very happy with the Droid, but the Eris has a lot going for it, even if it misses out on a couple of the Droid features I'm fond of.  I'll stick with the Droid for now, but won't be upset if I have to use the Eris.E.M. Van Court

This is a great "smartphone" choice, especially at the contract price.Pros:Nice screen with lots of customization options for the interface. The custom HTC Sense UI that it uses is an improvement over the standard Android interface, with lots of cool widgets.The sound quality is good. Some others have complained of issues with background hiss, but I haven't experienced this. Voice quality has been good in general in various locations, even with only a bar of service. Audio quality for music is OK with decent headphones, not amazing. In general, this seems to work very well as a phone which is something other smartphones seem to sometimes not be great at. Can't tell how much of that is the phone versus the Verizon network, though. I've used this out in the middle of nowhere in a basement and still been able to make/ receive calls and get 3G service.Uses a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, so no goofy adapters are required.There are lots of useful apps available through the Android market.It has 2 physical buttons (whereas some other phones don't have any) which I like.It's fairly easy to use (although see note below about documentation or lack thereof). This is fun to use!The phone is lightweight and thin with smooth edges. It's much easier to put in your pocket or hold while talking than the Motorola Droid, which is one of the reasons I bought this. This feels more like a phone. I also like the feel of the soft-touch rubberized case.Could be a Pro or a Con, depending on your outlook:When on voice calls, you can hear a little of your voice in the part you have up to your ear. I like this feature a lot, as it somewhat replicates what happens with land line phones and I find it encourages you to not talk as loudly as some people normally do on cell phones. That's a very good thing. However, it may take some getting used to.I find the battery usage is pretty good for a smartphone, but you may feel differently depending on what you are comparing to. It does better if you turn off services you are not using at the moment, such as turning off WiFi, Bluetooth, or GPS when not in use, and turning off the automatic Gmail sync (I just hit Refresh to sync when I want to rather than leaving the auto sync on). If you leave absolutely everything on, you might not get much battery life. For my typical usage (phone calls, misc web browsing, syncing with Gmail multiple times throughout the day, listening to internet radio occasionally, and watching a video or two throughout the day) it does fine. You will probably have to recharge every evening, but I have no problems having it make it through an 18 hour day and sometimes there has still been charge left after 24 hours when I forgot to charge it. The initial battery life problems that some others have complained about elsewhere were taken care of by a firmware update that happened automatically the first time I powered up the phone to set it up.Some might not like the lack of a physical keyboard. I thought I would be one of those people, but I find the on screen keyboard to work really well after a little getting used to it. And I really like the thinner profile you can have without the keyboard. I would also thing that the reliability might be better without having the slider mechanism of a physical keyboard. I did try some other phones with physical keyboards and found many of them to be pretty awful, and this soft keyboard is certainly no worse than those. This is the custom HTC soft keyboard which I understand is much improved over the standard soft keyboard that comes with other Android phones, and is supposedly one of the best. There is a calibration feature that you can use to improve how it works for you. I recommend waiting to do the calibration after you've used the keyboard for a little bit, or if you calibrate initially then re-calibrate after you've gotten more experience with it.This has a sensor to turn off the screen when you put the phone up to your head, to help prevent accidentally dialing or activating features when you are talking. While this is very handy, it can be annoying if you are calling in to an automated phone system where you have to enter in a lot of numbers and work your way through the menus because when you initially pull the phone from your ear the screen will be blank. I find it works best in these situations to quickly "flip" the phone away from your ear and move your hand so the phone is laying flat in your hand. That seems to make the screen turn on again the quickest. You can turn this feature off if you want, though.Cons:Doesn't come with a manual or any other instructions or documentation. Although this phone is relatively easy to use, to get the most benefit from the extremely customizable interface you may want to download the available PDF manual, though. It does walk you through the basic setup the first time, however, so you can get up and running without a manual.No bluetooth voice dialing, as mentioned by another reviewer. This is a limitation of the Android operating system, not of this phone, and will hopefully be fixed in a future software update. This isn't really an issue for me but might be a concern for others.Although this comes with Google Navigation, the free turn-by-turn Google directions is not yet available for this phone because of the version of Android that it uses. However, Verizon has indicated that the OS will be updated in the first quarter of 2010 and the free turn-by turn Google directions should be able to work then. In the meantime, there are other apps (both free and paid) that will get you turn-by-turn directions now if you need it.In general, the phone isn't perfect but it is very, very good. It's an excellent choice for someone who wants the smartphone features but also likes to use their phone as an actual phone.

This Phone is almost a complete replacement for carrying a laptop. I can read emails, manage my calendar, get directions, find businesses near my location, and browse the web. On top of that it's a phone.It provides lots of sensors and connectivity. It has GPS, accelerometers, wi-fi, bluetooth, and phone connectivity. My laptop can do some of those but without a broadband usb dongle I can't be connected anywhere. In fact my Eris has an app that allows my laptop to connect through the phone.One day while traveling to work I was stuck in a traffic jam. I went to my phone and searched the market for an app that reported traffic problems. Before the traffic started moving I had downloaded the free traffic app and saw where the accident was and was able to use an alternate route.

Although I am trying to change my 8 year old phone (that barely does texting and doesn't even have a camera) to a modern Droid Eris phone, I am decently tech knowledgeable.It takes about 2-3 button pushes to even get to the phone function of this phone so that I can dial or use my phone contact list.  I also have to tap the home/menu functions several times because it's not very sensitive to touch.On the other hand, the contact list is way too sensitive to touch.  While scrolling through my contacts, I am frequently calling people that I don't mean to call.  Very, very annoying.It's great to have the Internet at the tips of your fingers, but I really need to use a phone quickly and hassle free and this phone just is not working for me.Plus, the battery life really sucks.  I haven't used my phone for very long nor very often and it has zero charge after skipping 1-2 days of charging.I'm going back to Verizon tomorrow to find another phone.Addendum: The Blackberry Tour (which does NOT have a touch screen) is soooo much easier to navigate and to use than the Droid Eris and doesn't have the irritatingly inappropriate reactions to touch.  Good to know that I am not a complete tech idiot and that I was able to send my first text message without needing to read any manuals.

I'm not going to address the specs and technical issues, since others before me have done a thorough job of that.  Besides, all that is quite beyond me.Coming off an LGEnV2, this was my first venture into the world of smart phones.  Last year, my husband got an iPhone, and I have been suffering under severe iPhone envy ever since.  I vowed I would get one as soon as my Verizon contract expired.However....after watching him reset his phone all the time (after it froze repeatedly), after repeatedly having calls go to voicemail (his phone randomly sends calls there, very frustrating), and after having calls dropped repeatedly, I was having second thoughts.  The capper came after I was waiting on a call from him to pick him up from the airport.  He couldn't get service, when he's never had trouble getting service there before--its totally random if you will have service or not.Anyway, that was it for me.  I've been with Verizon a long time.  Maybe I've been lucky, but have very, very few dropped calls, and service has been great even in remote areas.  I was sticking with what I knew.After a bit of research, I knew the Droid was for me.  I'm a casual user--email, browsing, some fun apps and games, pictures, and calls--that's pretty much what I want out of a phone.The Droid Eris looked cosmetically better to me than the Moto Droid.  I didn't like the heaviness of the MD, or the slide out keyboard.  My major concern was my lack of brains to use the Eris.  There really is no user manual, and I'm not a wing-it sort of gal.  (later I found one online).I needn't have worried.  It was very intuitive to use.  There are (I think) 7 different screens that you can use to customize.  I set up one for work, that contains things I would commonly need there.  One for social apps, like FB and a couple of BB's I go to.  One for frequently contacted people, set up so that I can find and message these few people instantly.  One for games.  One for the settings, such as toggling WiFi, Google voice, GPS on/off, Airplane mode.  One contains all my bookmarked web pages.  and so forth.  You can set up your screens exactly the way you want, so that the screens you use most are immediately available.  Infinite variety of ways to organize, depending on your needs.The camera/camcorder works well.  You can upload to a variety of places.  Quality seems decent enough.  Easy to use, although to take the picture you have to press on the trackball pretty hard, and it can make you move the camera while doing so.Reception has been great so far.  Good call clarity.  No dropped calls yet.Voice search and voice dialing works very well.--------Complaints?1. Battery life could be better, but I understand that constantly playing with the phone will do that!  I'm sure as I grow more familiar with it, it will be better.2. No turn by turn navigation, which almost was a deal breaker for me.  I had Verizon Navigator, and I used it all the time.  I understand they are coming up with an update that will include turn by turn nav for the Eris, so I was willing to overlook this.  In the meantime, I will use Google Maps for directions, and probably just get lost a lot.--------Its a good phone for a casual user who has little experience with smart phones, technical abilities, and who is simply an average person.  Must like Verizon.

First of all, I'd like to say that I love the Android software. I loved most of this phone immediately after getting it. I would replace this phone with the incredible in a heart beat if I could afford to.The short battery life is what frustrates me the most. I attend school in an extended service area and my battery goes dead within two hours if I forget to put my phone in airplane mode. Even when I'm within my immediate coverage area, with several minutes of surfing the web, my batteries are almost sapped.I paid more money for a stronger battery that I ordered online. This one helped, but it still ran out faster than what I really need.I love everything else about this phone, but unfortunately, if I can't keep juice in the phone, it's worthless. I'm going to try to see if I can get an HTC Incredible without paying full retail price.

The Good:-8 GB SD Card-Screen Resolution-Customizable screens-Numerous(useful, useless, and pointless) free apps-Lightweight-Music Player-Touchscreen keyboard has a minimal learning curve, very easy to use-Vertical or horizontal screenCould be better:-Camera, don't let the 5.0 megapixel fool you, it takes decent pictures but not as good as the Moto Droid or Samsung Omnia which are similar phones with 5 MP camerasThe Bad:-Because it cannot be said enough, the battery. Absolutely awful.-Flash Player or lack thereof, difficult time with YouTube videos and the YouTube app(which is pre-installed) doesn't play vids at all and I have seen MULTIPLE complaints on YouTube's help forum about this same issue with no resolutionOverall:I am happy with the phone, there are a few nuisances that perhaps the 2.1 upgrade will fix when it becomes available. For the price, you can't beat it.

This is the best phone I have ever gotten. It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it!! It's almost like the Iphone, but is much more user friendly. I recommend this phone to everyone and is great overall.

Ok - so I'm not at all a technical person so I wont go into detail about the operating system and how fast everything is and the amount of memory etc. What I can tell you is about me and how this phone meets my needs.First off - I'm a big texter. I LOVE texting and was very nervous coming back to a touch screen after having a lot of frustrations with the Dare. This phone is so different tho! The first few days of texting were interesting to say the least, but either I adapted or the phone learned and now it is just about perfect! I downloaded Handcent and it is great. I have customized colored text bubbles, pictures as my backgrounds and couldn't be happier. :-) The phone learns words easily and it is easy to enter in everything. You long press to select numbers and most punctuations which annoys me sometimes. You have to press longer sometimes and then occasionally it will freeze for a second and stick in a ( or something in the middle of a word. Not a big deal but annoying when it happens.Calling is my second main function for a phone - of course!! Call quality is great - have had no issues with it. Can download an app for a ton of free ring tones called Mabilo Ringtones. I have gotten about ten or so from there. They are loud and easily heard but I usually have the phone volume turned all the way up when not at work. While I'm at work I no longer have the phone on vibrate because the sounds are so subtle and quite that I can get away with it on the lowest sound setting. You can also download apps for wallpapers. I find that having all of the apps (such as games) on one of the 7 screens that I really dislike busy wallpapers but that is person choice I guess. :-)I play alot of games on my phone - and love that they are all free!! I can browse thru a ton at the market place and try out the ones that I like and delete them if I don't like them. Right now I have a full screen of games - 16 loaded onto my phone. Love it!! I am sad that there wasn't a Need for Speed or some sort of racing game that let you turn the phone on its side and steer like a steering wheel - but I'm hopeful for the future!!The web browsing on this is great! I can easily do facebook and google things - which I find that I do a ton of!! I'm always out with my friends and we need an address, phone number or have a question about what exactly something is and I'm able to hit the google search button and have the answer quickly enough so that we are bored to tears by the time it comes. The other day we were wondering what a grouper fish looked like and I was able to quickly and easily find a picture and show everyone. Love that!!The gmail app for this phone is ok. It is awesome for just looking at my emails and then deleting the ones that I don't want. It also lets me look at word attachments and pictures - something my blackberry curve wouldn't let me do for some reason. Getting into other folders - like emails that I've deleted?? That was difficult and required me going in and actually using the browser and selecting the standard view - not the mobile version.The one thing I was sad about was the volume of the ringer for the alarm and the fact that you can only choose from an assortment of beeps and can't set a ring tone to wake up to. I wont wake up to the beeps - they are that quiet. Thankfully I still have my Dare and have set the alarms for that phone for work. Not the first time since my blackberry only had one alarm and it was too annoying for me to change it every time I had to work a different shift. :-)The battery life on this phone is flawed - it doesn't take a charge for very long at all. I find that when I'm at work and texting almost all day - after charging it all night, I usually have to find a wall and plug my phone in around 2 pm. This lasts me the rest of the night and then I have to charge it again that night. I have taken to carrying a wall charger and a car charger in my purse at all times. Not practicle for a guy - but I don't mind that much since it is pretty convenient for me to charge the phone while at work.All said and done I love this phone!! It has a 5 megapixel camera which is amazing to me!! Sadly there is no flash so you have to adjust the brightness a lot as well as the white balane in order to get a good picture in less than optimal lighting. Annoying when trying to take a quick picture. I love the facebook integration however and how you can have people's ID pictures be their profile pictures. So awesome!! A task killer I believe however is essential to this phone. When I can tell there is a lag I go in and kill the apps and it is great again! Only takes a second!I would recomment this phone to anyone - as long as a long battery life isn't essential to you! It really is so great and has so many things that you can do with it - for example - restaurant finder app?? So useful and have used it multiple times now! Try it - you wont regret it!

I have owned this phone for 3 weeks and mostly love it.  The applications are too many to mention and pretty easy to download and use.  I am not going to cover the same ground as the other reviews except for a couple issues.Battery life is short - so keep a charger around.  Shutting off bluetooth, broadband and wifi greatly helps extend the battery life, if you are in a situation where that may become necessary. I bought a car charger and they are pretty reasonably priced.Also, I live in an area where there is no nearby tower, so call quality can be choppy (or dropped) inside a structure; although the phone shows 1 bar and the 3G indicator is lit.  After doing a great deal of reading on android forums and websites, the issue has been nearly remedied by shutting off the afore mentioned applications before answering or dialing.  I had opted to change to the Motorolla Droid to fix the call quality issue, but I understand that the call signal is worse on that phone (unlike previous Motorolla phones).I did discussed this problem with Verizon and their answer is to sell me a $240 signal booster for my house.  No thanks!  There is no problem with data transfer or web browsing, only call quality. But call quality IS important, after all, it is still a phone.

The HTC Droid Eris is a slight redo of the HTC Hero that originally appeared on Sprint.  This is all around one of the best phones currently available.  But, it's aging rapidly and anyone looking to sign a two-year agreement to pick one of these up should really consider other options.AESTHETICS:- The size of the phone is fantastic.  It's fits nicely in the hand, and is thin enough for easy pocketing.  Having to take off a lot of back plates for cell phones in my line of work, I really enjoy being able to easily pop off the back plate at the top with my thumbnail.- The design is fairly nondescript, you wouldn't have any idea from looking at the phone with it's screen off in standby mode that this wonderful world awaits underneath.- The volume buttons are located at an awkward point for the fingers to naturally reach and have a loose, cheap feel to them.  The physical buttons are nice, responding quickly to your commands.  The trackball (trackballs in general) is fairly useless.  They get dirty, they're slower than optical, and on a phone like this they are difficult to replace.  Just as mice went from rolling balls to optical, so should go all cellphones.  Which is happening rapidly.  Ask anyone who has owned a Blackberry Curve 8330 about having to get the trackball replaced and often.  RIM has wisely since started to use optical trackpads for their devices.  Finally, the trackball takes up space that could have been devoted to more of the touchscreen.  The fact that the Nexus One even includes one is baffling.  I'm a fan of physical keys, so it's not a bias there.  There are four touch sensitive buttons surrounding the screen which are often frustrating.- The charging/data port is HTC proprietary mini-USB, which will gladly accept regular mini-USB charging and data cables so don't get confused by the funky shape.  It's just HTC being the kooky Taiwanese geniuses they are.  Still, a micro-USB port would have been preferable.- The touchscreen is your typical capacitive glass piece that's common on most phones today.  Due to the aging processor in the phone or the glass, I'm not sure, but it will sometimes require you stomping your thumb onto the screen to get the response you want.  I still have a hard time typing on a virtual QWERTY keyboard, even with Better Keyboard installed.  An inch here and an inch there should improve things, the Nexus One is a good start and the HTC Bravo should be a great ending (basically an HTC HD2 with Android).  Still, nothing will ever replace a physical QWERTY keyboard.  Should a great candybar Android smartphone with a physical keyboard come out, I will be all over that. I've seen leaked images of an HTC Salsa, which is exactly this, and I will gladly use it instead of the Eris.  Hard to play SNesnoid without physical keys, and I don't really want to lug a phone, camera, and Gameboy everywhere I go.CALLING:- Because it is a phone after all!  I find the call quality to be about average.  Callers are clear but sometimes not loud enough or distant sounding.  On my end, they can't tell if I'm using bluetooth, speaker phone or just the handset itself.  I've read that the Nexus One improves call quality considerably with dual microphones that help to cut down on background noise.- The only way on the front part of the phone to get the screen back on during a call (if you're dialing numbers that you have to enter in more numbers at the prompts, then listen up) is using the end call button. As you can imagine it's lead to a few prematurely ended calls in error.  There's a perfectly workable call button to the left that would have worked.  Just bad design here, no debate.- Google Voice, while a wonderful idea, is bound to confuse you.  This falls more under the function of the phones, but should be mentioned here.  It uses VoIP and the voice quality takes a hit again.  You basically have your call forwarded to another number, which is your Google Voice phone number (*72yourGoogleVoicenumber) that then relays the call to your destination.  If you have to stop using Google Voice, like if you have voicemails on your Verizon voicemail server, you must disable Google Voice to reach those again (*73).  It doesn't lose the voicemails left through your Google Voice number, so don't worry.  It has an awesome feature of transcribing your voicemails left on your Google Voice voicemail and sending it to your phone, inside of a ready-to-play voice message.  If you use Google Voice for your messages too, your recipients will get the messages from unknown numbers and likewise for you when they reply.  As much as I want to just give myself over completely to Google Voice, like everything Google does these days, it's fairly fragmented and lacks completion.  More on Google's fragmentation and completion problems later.CAMERA:-  It gives the trackball something to do.  It's a satisfactory, 5MP cameraphone.  Look, cellphone manufacturers can continue to tout the megapixel size of their cameras all they want.  What good is a 2560 x 1712 pixel image, for reference your HDTV is 1920x1080 pixels, if the quality of the camera itself is mediocre?  Technically if you add in more pixels to an image it should become sharper and more detailed, but like all other cameras on cellphones the Droid Eris often gives you a soupy, blurry image.  It's nice to have when you forget your stand alone camera, but it's no replacement, so don't throw out the Powershot yet.HARDWARE/SOFTWARE:Droid Eris runs Android 1.5 (Cupcake) though it's heavily rumored every other day on BGR or engadget that the 2.x update is coming any day now.-  Frankly Eris, probably should rather not.  It just barely handles what you throw at it now.  Advanced Task Killer Free, Advanced Task Manager, and SysTray Monitor help out greatly, but it's not enough.  The biggest issue I have with this phone is how laggy and slow it can be.  The latter program runs in your notification panel at all times and allows monitoring of Battery %, Int. Memory (device available memory), SD card (memory card available memory), and Free Ram.  I'm an absolute hawk about monitoring any system I'm running (and this are mini-computers) and this little guy is pushed to his limits.It becomes obnoxious when you're typing and the phone hiccups trying to keep up, only to have you wildly miskey what you're writing.  I can't say for sure if it's an unoptimized Android or an underpowered Eris causing the problem for sure, but it's there.- The Eris has 528Mhz Qualcomm CPU and 256MB of RAM.  It's an aging, outdated processor.  You are paying for old technology here.  By comparision, the Nexus One (and reportedly the Bravo) have a 1Ghz Snapdragon CPU (hence the HTC Dragon rumors) and 512 MB of RAM.  So HTC has nearly effectively doubled the CPU speed as well as the amount of RAM available on the Nexus One.  Which is essentially a Droid Eris anyway, but with a larger, more beautiful display.- It's a shame that Android developers still haven't taken a page from RIM yet on adding a function to close out of programs completely when you're finished.  Instead the latest Android release of 2.1 focuses on 3D icons and sparkly lights that run in the background, and run down your battery life...- Speaking of which, you will have very little of it.  Bring your charger, bring another battery with you if you got it.  For all of what the phone does it's only understandable it would require so much juice.  Battery life will be the biggest bottleneck facing cellphones going forward.- All of what the phone does is just about everything. Droid phones get compared to the iPhone alot, and it's importance to know the difference before making your decision.  Out of the box, Apple components are smooth and polished.  You don't have to know how they run, they just do.  The OS on an iPhone is beautiful, polished, uniformed and user friendly.  Out of the box, Droid phones are rough around the edges.  You have to piece together different applications, customize different home screens, set up various menus and so on to get it to the point of functionality you would have with an iPhone.  Several versions of Android really make this process even more frustrating, and Google has the habit of completing projects most of the way then moving on to something else.  It can be incredibly frustrating.  They started Android with the idea of taking what makes the iPhone great (beautiful interface, lots of apps and functionality) and trying to spread it to as many phones as possible.  They're not there yet, know this when making your decision.  The iPhone itself is like Volkswagen Jetta.  Completely polished, unique, solidly put together.  Apple truly put the "art" into smartphone.  Like a Jetta, it can be frustrating when anything should need to be replaced/repaired and has an obnoxious cult of fans.  Android phones are more do-it-yourself projects, but once you get everything assembled the functionality and options begin to rival the iPhone.  The iPhone is just the watch that works, but Android is putting the pieces of the watch together to make it work.All in all I give the phone credit for what it intends to do, It's a screen-width-size-increase, processor upgrade, software update away from nearly perfecting what it hopes to achieve. Which is really important to keep in mind when comparing, or reviewing cellphones.  Naturally the (HTC made) Nexus One or the oft rumored HTC Bravo will come closer to perfecting the concept behind the Droid Eris more completely.  If you're on the fence about Android, also worth considering is the Palm Pre Plus that just came out.  Palm beefed up its specs so it runs fast and smooth, you can have literally dozens of apps running simultaneously.  It has a great form factor, decent physical QWERTY, beautiful screen, and breathtaking webOS software that is far more impressive than the Android interface.  Just don't go into looking for apps, because there are few and far between.  Yet, says Palm.  If you are absolutely sold on the concept behind the Eris and Droid phones in particular and you must have one, then here's a way to go. Snag a used Droid Eris from someone reputable for around $300-400, go month to month on your contract until the Nexus One comes out in Spring.  If you don't want to wait, the HTC Droid Eris still warrants a lot of love.

This phone is beyond anything I've so far! I love all the free apps and by getting this phone and have the GPS and "Google" ready I have saved $30 a month because the additions I wanted for my phone before.That's even with the data package. I only have problems with the touch screen sensitivity sometimes. I just shut my phone off and it was fine when I turned it back on.

Replaced iPhone:I got this phone just as it came out. It has been a very amazing phone to say the least. I replaced my iPhone with this. Mostly because ever since AT&T; bought Cingular the service has been absolutely horrible. It could be my area but I do live in a semi-large city.New friend:The Droid Eris seemed unremarkable on the surface. The screen is a bit smaller and it looked like it would not be all that impressive with regards to the apps. Within the first week I saw it had serious battery issues sprouting up. I will list some tips to circumvent these issues until we get Android 2.0 on the Eris (see below).Since owning it a while I have completely fallen in love with this phone!  It is very light, the OS is super intuitive, and there are several fora out on the web where you can find help and tips for the phone. Being it is an open source operating system and the apps are able to be developed with little or no restriction, I see this phone/OS as a real contender to the iPhone. Dont get me wrong Apple is sure to come out with a new killer phone that will blow us all away, for now it is getting a bit long in the tooth and it is great that there are other options out there for we consumers to go to. I would have stayed with the iPhone if it wasn't for the horrible AT&T; service.For the pro's I am going to mention things that are included with unlimited data package. When you get the unlimited data, select the cheaper one unless you need to connect to your companies email. The 2 data plans do not mention that both are unlimited but they both are, and if your just using the phone for everything but corporate email, choose the cheaper one. Then call Verizon to verify that you have the unlimited. Good thing I did right after I got the phone because the kind person on the other end changed my plan for me and saved me nearly $200 a year.Pros:>> The apps are really great. Surfing these on the phone is particularly easy.>> Google voice search is amazing. I even tried using a silly accent and it still searched google 100% correctly.>> Pandora - Its like having a personal satellite radio for your car that you pick the music for. Get Pandora free.>> Good call quality>> Small thin- form factor>> Easily customizable>> Google maps on the fly>> Standard mini-usb for power, so anything that connects to power via mini USB can be used on this phone. Example my GPS came with a car charger mini-USB so I didnt need to get another cable to charge this in my car. At home I connect it to my laptop via my mini-usb external HD cable. I have yet to plug this into the wall charger.Cons:&lt;&lt; As of today (Dec 14) the battery drain issue has not been 100% resolved. This is because the phone does not fully go to sleep (see tips below).&lt;&lt; Blank screen 5 seconds into call can cause you to hang up by getting the screen back (example when dialing codes).Tips for ownership:Until the battery issue is resolved here is how you can save your battery life.Most battery life:1) turn on and swipe down to unlock * Hold hang-up button down a few seconds and release *  In Phone Options turn Mobile Network off.  (this turns off internet and gps connectivity) Your phone is now just a phone but the battery lasts for days instead of hours.Small battery life boost:2) when at home use your wireless network to connect via WiFi. Gives a good boost to battery life.3) Turn screen brightness down to 25%Overall this phone being so new has some minor issues. If you go out every day and when you come home plug the phone in to charge you will not see any major issues. Its if you forget it overnight then you may see a dead battery in the morning. Verizon and HTC have hinted that sometime mid January Eris will get Android 2.0 which will include turn by turn gps/google maps for free. Right now you can purchase a couple of large and expensive GPS apps for this phone, hold off until next month or so and you should see this built in.Thank you for reading my review.

No joke!  This is the WORST phone ever.  When I was a pharmaceutical representative, drugs were pulled from the market for less than this.  This phone is constantly freezing, dropping calls, and giving a low space warning.  Only problem is, the stupid phone won't let you really have any additional applications, so the warning is solely based on the applications that are pre-loaded on the phone.  To make matters worse, you cannot remove any of these heavy applications.  So, if you want a cool SMS application, you can't have it!  Good news, though!  You have Facebook and Twitter apps that you are forced to have, along with about 20 more forced applications.The camera could be timed with a sundial.  I honestly don't know how this phone is still on the market.  HTC should have a total recall on this crap phone.  The good news is that I get to keep it for 2 years.  Wait, is that good news?NO!  There is no good news!!  BAD PHONE!  BAD PHONE!

I've only had this phone for about a week now, but I love, love, love it already!!!  There are plenty of great things about this phone and I'd like to think that it's as good as an iPhone - but that's just my opinion.  When you buy the phone, it already comes with a 8 GB SD card; the screen resolution is awesome; the 'Home Screen' extends past the main Home Screen - just slide your finger left or right to go to the "additional" 6 screens; numerous free apps; music player and the touch screen keyboard has a minimal learning curve (useful for those who are not use to the "Smart Dial" feature).  Yes, there are some cons: battery could be better, no camera has no flash (but who's using this phone as their main camera?! Not me!)  Using Android 1.5 (2.1 update STILL delayed)...overall, I'm not letting these issues discourage me.  With the way technology is changing (seems like every month), I'm sure I'll be buying another smartphone around Christmas time!As I play with my new phone and figure out what more it can do, I'll be back to update my review, but I'm sure you all will have gone to other websites like cnet, pcmag, & [...], etc., to see other "expert" reviews...however, if in the meantime you decide to buy this phone, you won't regret it!  This phone is great for those of us who want a smartphone to do many of the cool things we hear about, but also DON'T want to get a phone that's too complicated & all "gadgety."

The HTC Droid Eris surprises you with an amazing operating system and well built hardware. Comparisons are hard to avoid with the iPhone, which has proven to be the benchmark for touchscreen smart phones and the overly hyped Moto Droid. I went to the Verizon store to buy a Moto Droid and found it to be poorly built. It looks terrible, feels terrible, and I couldn't type anything on that keyboard. Then I noticed the Droid Eris on the same shelf and before I picked it up I could tell the Eris was a solid phone. I have owned it for a week now and I'm still impressed.The build quality is fantastic, clean lines, feels good in your hands, brilliant screen, thin yet solid like a brick, and a wonderful rubberized matte black finish, which does not show fingerprints or scratches and will not slide around on smooth surfaces. This is my first HTC, but it won't be my last.The phone is well thought out. Android is great and with HTC's Sense UI it is slick, completely customizable and easy to use. I'm a Apple guy, I like their products. I own a 64 gb touch and have used the iPhone before. The Eris's only flaw compared to the Apple products is the music player. I want my phone ready to answer calls so I don't want it connected to my home or car stereo anyway. I use my touch for music and movies and use the Eris for everything else. I couldn't be happier.I have multiple email accounts and with the Eris they can all be managed easily and separately for notification options. HTC includes many widgets for email, txt mssging and my favorite, your favorite contacts widget, all phones should have that one. I use google voice and android's integration with it is seamless. There is just too much good stuff packed into this device to tell here.With all phones like the Eris, battery life is an issue. You can't have a device like the Eris or iPhone 3GS and not have to charge it everyday. It is just that simple. Sure you could dim the screen, keep the WiFi and Bluetooth shut off and only make calls to get normal battery life but why own a smart phone then? Learning how to use the Eris I spent 5 hours straight making calls, browsing the internet, using WiFi and Bluetooth, syncing my email, playing with every widget, changing all the settings, downloading apps and using them... Basically worked the phone as hard as possible and I needed to charge it when I was done. That said, with typical usage it lasts all day. I like full batteries so I will charge it at night and every time in the car. For a sleek, fully customizable phone on Verizon, look no further than the Droid Eris.Also, HTC will be updating the Eris's operating system to android 2.0 or 2.1 soon.

I love everything about this phone.  The only problem I have, and it seems its quite a common one, is the battery life.  There are apps on the droid market that help reduce background program use and increases your battery life, so I'm looking into these.  I really like the size of this phone, which is the main reason I chose it over the Motorola Droid.  I found that one to be to chunky for my taste. The Eris is simple and smooth, has great Android features, and the call quality is great.  The camera could be better but hey its a cell phone so whatever.  Overall a great buy.  I got it free via Amazon and I could not be happier with the service I got, and it was delivered very quickly.==Update 5/16/10==Just got my OTA update to the Android software from 1.7 to 2.1 and it works beautifully!  The only thing this phone does not support with the new software is the animated screen savers, but hey thats no big deal for me.  Verizon was sort of sketchy about the updates to the software, but the update came only a few weeks after I purchased my phone, so I'm very satisfied.

This is one great little phone for the money.  I just bought it a couple days ago for 80 bucks (after rebate).  So far so good.This has been my first exposure to Andriod, and so far I love it.  Especially with HTC's sense UI...Phew!  Transitions are mostly smooth, and I don't find the phone to lag unless I'm transitioning from heavier-weight apps (for instance, from a game to the home screen will sometimes lag a second or two).Pros:*Android*Touch-Screen*Android Market.  Seriously, this has almost ruined my productivity and efficiency.  A lot of time can be spent just browsing and downloading very cool apps.  This is a wonderfully fun pass-time.Cons:*No update for Android 2 (yet!...I've seen pages on the web saying that HTC is going to release one soon, though)*No physical keyboard.  This isn't a big deal for me, but at least give it some thought as a virtual keyboard isn't for everybody*Battery life.  This one I'm not used to.  Coming off of a full charge, my phone will not last me more than one day.  Compared to other phones (albeit, they weren't full featured phones), this performance is pretty poor.  Within approx. one hour, the charge will drop from 100% to 80%, and then, after that, discharge more slowly ~10% per hour.  All in all, I would estimate that I get around ~8-9 hrs total battery life out of a full charge.  This is what brings it down to a four-star.  If the battery lasted longer, I would give this phone five stars, hands down.Bottom line:If this phone was lost or stolen, I would definitely want another one.  This is such an upgrade from my previous phone experience, though, that I may not be entirely objective.  But for anybody just wanting a fun phone, BUY THIS one!  You can't get much better for the price.

This is my first touchscreen smart phone, and I must say, it is fantastic. I use the product mostly as an organizer (calendar, tasks, notes), email (Yahoo, Exchange), Facebook, Web browsing, Google Maps, Wi-Fi, text, and lest we forget, as a phone! :-) The Droid ERIS accomplishes all of these quite well.This is also my first phone with a virtual keyboard. It takes some getting used to. I do not have the issues others have with wide fingers, but I sometimes inadvertently touch the screen causing errors. But I think that is mostly due to my inexperience.I wanna talk battery. As you have read, I use the phone quite extensively. I can go 1 to 1.5 days of use without charging before the phone will shut off due to a fully discharged battery. I have tested this several times, as batteries tend to work better with several full discharge/charge cycles (per the manual). I do not think it is an inconvenience to charge your phone every night before you hit the bed. I think [...] got it right: the battery is good.The only bad thing so far is the lack of documentation. Get ready to google, because I had to find several tips and tricks online.In conclusion, I think this is a great phone. It handles nicely, navigation is great, and the battery is good. At [...], for a phone regularly priced at over [...], it is a steal. (and Verizon will be upgrading this phone to Android 2.0 or 2.1 in Q1, so if you get it now, you still get the upgrade, which I confirmed with customer service)

What can I say about the suckfest that is the HTC Droid Eris?If you expect to get a signal... forget it, I don't think there's an antenna.If you want to send a text/sms message to just one person... forget it, I've singled out a recipient and it's gone to someone completely different.It froze more often than my ice cubes and that's saying something because I have automatic ice cubes.I didn't have a problem with the battery but I was prepared and kept it plugged in whenever I wasn't using it.I stupidly stuck out 3 months for the "OS upgrade" which never happened and I'm done.  I contacted Verizon and they're oh so helpful. For me to "downgrade" I have to go into a store and beg.  It's going to be fun!

I got 2 of these phones, one for me and my wife. I am extremely impressed with the ease of use with this phone, being able to use widget's to display information is an excellent tool to have. I can check my email, remotely control my desktop, or use the phone as a free modem. All using apps within the Android Market, and all for free.I am the tech savvy one, but my wife doesn't have any issues using this phone. She is able to check her Facebook account regularly, take pictures and upload them with the touch of a button.The Android OS combined with the Verizon Network just cant be beat.I would strongly suggest getting a case & a screen protector. Screen protectors are easy to apply and do wonders to protect your screen.Battery life is a little weak, but as long as you are not using applications for several hours a day you will be fine.  As long as you charge your phone every night, you should have no problems.Some of the programs are not compatible with the OS of this phone. Same with the DROID. When downloading applications at the market, be sure to read the reviews of the software. Most of them tell you compatibility issues.NO TURN BY TURN GPS :(  - The current OS of this phone does not support turn by turn GPS. This is being addressed in a patch, to be released before the end of the year.Pros:Ease of useFunctionalityReplaces every other gadgetCons:NO Turn by Turn GPS (being addressed soon)Battery Life is a little weak

This phone is like a slow computer that frustrates you to no end.  Everything takes several seconds to load, and often seems frozen.

Well here we have it. The HTC Droid Eris from Verizon Wireless. This phone was openly criticized on electronic review sites such as [...] because it's going to be released with the Motorola Droid when the Motorola Droid offers Android OS 2.0 and this HTC model only offers 1.5. After owning both the phones for about a week and switching back and forth (yes, Verizon hates me), I'm overly satisfied with the HTC Droid Eris too. The phone does everything you could ever want with a very large app store and overall beautiful interface. The only 2 negative notes on the HTC Droid Eris would be that it could have a slightly faster processor and the battery life isn't exactly the best. When it comes to the comparison between the Motorola Droid and the HTC Droid Eris, the operating system shouldn't be a major concern because HTC does plan to offer a free upgrade to Android 2.0. The major differences are the processor speed, the amount of RAM, and the battery life. All of those categories the Motorola Droid slightly edges the HTC Droid Eris. They're both very good options, but if you're looking for something simpler and you're not going to be using your phone constantly throughout the day the HTC Droid Eris is for you!

I've had the HTC Droid Eris for months now and see that it's not exactly smart. It's slow, it has frequent errors especially when texting. Send a text, prepare to "Force close". Angry Birds are slow birds and it takes a long time for programs to start. Frequent crashes on many programs and reception isn't good either. Don't be fooled by the touch screen or features as none of this matters when most programs fail or stall. I reboot at least once a week; update the software; use Advanced Task Killer to stop unnecessary apps from zapping memory, etc. I even had to get the first one replaced by warranty when the OS crashed while playing a 4 minute YouTube clip. This is the dumbest "smart" phone on the market.- carrier is Verizon with VCast and unlimited data plan on a 2-year contract.

First off the phone is great.  After many reviews I decided on this phone and could not be happier with it.Second, I found it here on Amazon for a penny. Really? a Penny? where's the catch.  Sure its a 2 year renewal, but Verizon is asking 79.99 for a 2 year renewal.After reviewing Amazon's Terms/Conditions/ and FAQs I decided to order.  The who process was easy.  They charged me a penny and gave me free shipping.  I received the phone 2 days later and called Verizon right away to activate.  Activation took 30 secs tops.  I verified with Verizon that there were not any hidden fee's, and that my plan and Corp Discount remained, She said everything is the same. Woo Hoo!I am 100% satisfied with my penny phone.Note: The FAQs list said they do not support Corp Discount Plans at this time, but I had no problems.  My discount remained.

I'm within my 30-day-return period that Verizon offers, and not sure if a touchscreen is the way I want to go.  I would say if your primary use is texting and email, you might want to stick to one with a physical keyboard of the Blackberry style.***Edit:  12/27I know I'm only listing the negative points, but there are about 10,000 reviews online singing the phone's praises, so I thought there was no need to share what they did right.*  The battery life is atrocious (all I have to compare it with is my old 'dumb' cellphone, which could go days without a charge)- it's nice that it can recharge via a standard USB-to-mini cord, however.*  The tiny vertical keyboard is maddeningly frustrating (I often need to be able to work the phone one-handed so horizontal is out of the question).  Yes, the auto-correction is very good for most mistypes, the problem is the space bar is so close to the period and the BACK key, and hitting either of those means having to stop and correct.  Also, if you don't realize that the phone guessed the wrong word until you have typed the message you have to use the crappy little trackball-thing to move the cursor to the word to correct it - no easy task.*  The row of main keys - Home, Menu, Back, and Search, are "soft-keys", not buttons, so when typing it's easy to activate them by accident.*  The apps are very inconsistent so far.  I have three weather programs - the standard one that comes with the phone and two apps.  None of them seem to keep accurately updated even though I have them all set to stay updated.  The other morning it was 32 degrees, but one program told me it was 51 and another told me the high that day was going to be 90.*  Although it allows you to 'pinch-and-zoom' on web pages, it doesn't allow that on Google Search results, so it's very frustrating trying to click the correct object on the page.  More often than not it selects the wrong one and I have to wait for it to load then hit BACK.*  Since I'm on the road a lot, one of the reasons i wanted to try this phone is because of an app that allows you to voice-text: the program transcribes what you say into a text message.  Unfortunately it mangles what you say into a jumble of random words.  I've tested it about 30 times and it hasn't gotten it right yet.  On the bright side, its guesses are so laughably wrong that it made for a fun party game i.e "We can meet at the club at about 6 o'clock for drinks" became "wikimedia clubhouse clock for drinks" --- on the other hand, the voice-to-text option for the Google search has worked well every timeEDIT - 12/27*  Not sure if this is just a bug on my phone, but the ringtones have no pause between them.  That means that my 1 second-ish ringtone plays back-to-back 7 times then goes to Voice Mail.  Annoying on two counts - first, doesn't give me much time to get the phone, and second the sensation of those tones playing in rapid succession makes my phone sound like an alarm screaming out a warning of impending disaster.*  Often, when you hit the wrong button or link you have to wait for the action to fully go through before clicking BACK -- you can't cancel it.  Sometimes it take 10 or 20 seconds for it to load a page or program, that's a long time to wait to jump back and do what you wanted to do.*  Hanging up the phone can be buggy at times -- I sometimes think I've hung up and I haven't.  Potentially embarrassing if you start talking to someone else in person without realizing the other person on the phone is still listening.EDIT - 1/4*  Unlike every other phone I've owned, the calendar program only rings an appointment reminder once - there's no option for repeating it.  So unless you are babysitting the phone you'll miss any reminders.  It's just so frustrating all the basic things this phone gets wrong!

The voice dialer is hopelessly non-functional, and insists that you confirm your voice command with a tap. What's the point? Blue tooth integration is barely there, though you can answer a call without tapping the phone. It's just not safe to use this phone while you're driving.So far, I can only hook up my blue tooth headset to the phone audio, so I can't use blue tooth at the gym. I'm sure there's probably something I can buy to make this work, but I'm getting pretty tired of that.Good luck using internet mail other than gmail. I've never got Yahoo! mail to work well.The device has a GPS, but no decent on-board navigation software. You can buy navigation apps, but judging by the reviews none of the GPS apps are very good. My Nuvi isn't going anywhere for a while.I never would have bought this thing, it was a gift. The internet access seems good and the browser is pretty functional. Still, the software gives the short-shrift to the device's role as a cell phone. If you love compromises, the Eris is for you. I miss my Motorola Razor.

I have had my Eris about 6 weeks. I have just fallen in love with my phone. It has taken me a while to get to know it but as I discover another capability, I just get amazed. I love how it is so integrated with google. I just spent 4 days out in the country w/no access to the internet except through my Eris and I was able to make reservations for another trip, do my research, check emails, facebook, etc. Just so handy!! I can't complain about the battery. I listen to my podcasts, NPR radio and music which is a drain but nothing serious. If I don't listen to podcasts, just surf the internet and talk on the phone, the battery easily last all day. I recharge each night regardless. I am very happy with it and don't have anything to complain about!

After a few weeks of using the Droid Eris, I can only gush about what a great experience using this phone is.  The form factor is, in my opinion, much prettier than it's big brother Droid, and the HTC's Sense UI is a cinch to get the hang of (and beautiful as well).  The apps for Android are many and useful.  I opted to buy theSeidio Innocell 1750 mAh Battery for HTC Droid Erisafter using the standard Eris battery and coming to the conclusion many others have, the stock battery sucks.  But, with the price of this phone being so low, paying $49.99 for a new battery (and another $23 for theSeidio Innocase II Surface Case for HTC Droid Eris (Blue), AWESOME case), I am in LOVE.  I was thinking of switching to AT&T; for the iPhone, but I am so happy with my Eris and what it's capable of that I haven't looked back.

My wife and I bought new phones from Verizon.  The Android operating system was the clincher.  Its ability to rival many of the features of the iPhone, its open nature and good usability made it an easy choice for us.  I bought the Motorola Droid, and my wife bought the HTC Droid Eris.  I felt this was a better choice for her less technical inclinations, as HTC has customized the Droid interface to make it more user friendly than Motorola, which used Google's designed interface as-is.  The Eris has some nice features, is relatively easy to use and has that iPhone look and feel.  It is really thin, and I liked the touchball lighting up for notifications.  Once you peel back the HTC customizations, I will say the 1.5 Android OS that came with her phone is not as user friendly as the 2.0 OS that came with my Motorola Droid, and the lack of support currently for GPS voice turn-by-turn directions is a bit of a bummer.The reason this phone gets two stars is that it currently is deeply flawed.  My wife replaced her Eris 3 times at Verizon, and now owns a Motorola Droid.  Why?  Well, it freezes constantly and you need to pull the battery out and reset it.  The battery cover is not as easy to remove as the Droid's either...not necessarily a bad thing as I have had some issues with the Motorola's battery cover coming off when being pulled out of my pocket, but it isn't designed to be pulled out every day.  She would have the Eris freeze while on calls or texting, and would have to reset the phone constantly.  She returned the phone twice and got a replacement, and by the next day would experience the problem again.  Verizon's forums have a good catalog of people recording this issue.In conclusion, it would be nice to recommend this phone.  There is a lot to like, but overall, I can not give it a good rating if it doesn't fulfill the basic need of working.

Bought this phone recently.Two issues..1. Battery life is very bad. even w/o using internet.2. Screen gets frozen. This is an existing bug...go to Verizon website and search in blogs for frozen screen. Replaced my phone recently because of this. New phone freezes as well but not usual as the old one.Apps are great.

HTC Droid Eris is my first smart phone and I am totally in love with it. It has very nice features like pinch zoom, six extra homepages, 5 MP camera, video recorder, 8 GB preinstalled memory which can go up to 16GB, ultra-nice design, etc. Everybody is saying that battery is a dissapointment, I somewhat agree. But it is not a deal breaker for me at this point. I don't travel that much, so I am planning to get a desktop cradle for work and a car charger for my car - so it should not be a problem for me. First day that I received ERIS, I started at 9AM playing with it and used it almost nonstop until 4PM when battery died. During this time, I installed applications, played games, organized the homepages, spoke to couple people so I don't think it is that bad, it should easily survive a day.If you still think that's a problem there is a 3500 mAh after market battery is coming out soon - you can get that.  Android OS is still new, it has around 20,000 apps so it is much behind iphone's apps (which is I heard over 100,000) but for me it is more than enough, I am having a lot of fun with them. For games, I think we still need more time, since big game makers have not been into Android OS yet. If you compare this device with Motorola Droid, it is behing in the display and CPU speed department but ERIS has better features IMO with pinch zoom, more homepages, etc. ERIS uses Android 1.5 but I heard that an updated is coming in January 2010. I am so very much satisfied with my ERIS.

The Eris is the most underrated phone out there right now. It feels great. Solid. It's backed by the Verizon network and it rocks the HTC Sense UI. I prefer it over the Droid.Plus it's cheap. Great phone for the money.

and that can be solved by either using a free aplication killer app, getting a better battery (they have a high performance battery on sale at Amazon, and my personal favorite getting a docking port that charges the battery in the phone plus a spare. And you can of course just not dowload a hundred applicatins that looked really cool, but you're never going to use after you played with them for a while.And you can't beat the price!

this phone was underpowered from the start and barely made it some days. it locked up constantly and battery was laughable at best. But as a first generation phone  it served it's purpose

I was in the market for a smart phone, especially after reading about the Google Android OS.  I have a Verizon contract, making it relatively easy to buy either the HTC or Motorola based systems.  After watching some interesting YouTube reviews and reading more about each phone, I chose the HTC ErisPluses1) Uses the Google contacts in my Gmail account system, making the transition instantaneous upon powering up. Whenever you change your Google contacts, your phone is automatically updated.2) Slim size and rounded corners - I prefer a sleeker look to my cell phone.3) Hundreds of helpful applications to choose from, including the bar code scanner - check online prices out while you shop in the mall.4) WiFi and 3G switchable - it easily goes between my home, my office and my favorite hot spots with ease.5) No pesky flip keyboard - This may be a plus or a minus.  For me, I like the way the phone seems to know exactly what key the middle of my finger pushes.  When I tried to use one of my old Palm styluses, they didn't work.  After about 10 minutes, I was texting with no problems using my thumbs just like my old phone.6) Google maps with GPS!  I put a mount on my bicycle to help me see exactly where I'm going and how close I am to my goal.Minuses1) Lack of documentation or helpful tips sheets. It was trial and error to find the right applications in the Marketplace section.  If you have specific needs, there probably is an application for that!  But, be prepared to search.2) Battery life when using GPS navigation - I like the applications that show where the red light and speed cameras are.  But be prepared to have your battery life drop off!  A car charger is a must for longer road trips.Overall, it has been a great experience.  I do recommend buying a set of plastic screen covers as well as a case to help protect the phone.  I am using it more than any other phone, including my former Blackberry!  Enjoy and good luck!

I got my HTC Eris when it was only available with the 1.5 Droid operating system. Like, with any new electronic device, it took awhile to get use to all the menus and features - and I am still learning about different things - but I am amazed how much power they have put in one small device. And now, having the 2.1 OS, it is much better in so many ways. For instance, the GPS functions, such as 'turn by direction' works quite well. Also, there are more browser applications that work. This thing is like a miniature computer with wifi and 3G: it works just about anywhere!I like the fact that it can play my MP3 music files quite easily and I can also play video clips through the "Photo" app (works good but not perfect).Also, there are so many applications being written for this phone all the time that it gets mind boggling. There are some good ones that are free and there are some 'for fee' apps, such as Radio Time and iReader, which only cost a few dollars that are well worth it.The actual phone quality is the best I've had in a mobile phone. However, it is the layout of the menus and the screen display that I think are the weakest link. It is often a little awkward in finding, adding or deleting names and numbers - and more than once, an actual contact has gone missing. On top of that, I have dialed someone by mistake while looking for a number. Either the screen is too 'touchy' or I am too clumsy.Also, if I make a phone call to a business that requires inputing in numbers or making a choice, I often loose the call because the display does not come back on properly ... or, I have not found the way to make it work. It is just a bit confusing.I confirm what others say about the battery life: it could be better. But, if you just use this phone to make a few calls each day and check your email a few times, it is more than ample.For the value, this 'Smartphone' is great. I like the fact that I can push something and find where I am ... or 'talk to it' to find a restaurant or a particular store and find out how to get there. Simply amazing - and with new updates and applications being made available all the time - the use of this device just grows and grows

My family got this Eris for me in a 2-for-one special at Verizon and I have been working with this phone for several months but plan on deactivating it and turning it into a kind of ipod touch. The interface is cute but hard to figure out, not intuitive, I like having the apps available and games free to download,and the touch keyboard is probably better than the iphone. The Google Map application is very interesting.The phone interface is klunky and the phone function seems to have taken second place to the other apps.  Bluetooth functionality was essential to me, but only connected to my car bluetooth (Ford Sych) or my other bluetooth headsets about 50% of the time.  If it would not connect, sometimes I would have success by restarting the phone, sometimes I had to re-pair it, a painful process.  My old Motorola L7c connected 100% of the time.The phone does not support bluetooth phone voice commands, so I cannot easily dial a number in the car without looking at the keyboard, very dangerous. The voice dial functionality app included does not work for me and is unable to follow any of my commands.  Many of the apps and the phone itself is very slow, asking it to dial a favorite will result in a delay of 3-8 seconds, so I have no idea if the phone is responding or not.  Hit the wrong spot on the screen and it is difficult to stop and you may not know you hit the wrong function for 3-10 seconds until the phone starts the call. Hitting the end call button is futile, since the phone will not respond to your touch command for 3-8s second. It is hard searching for a phone number without stopping and typing in the name in a separate search field, and then you carefully have to hit the screen in a 4-5 mm area to choose the number to dial.The Verizon store tried to help my complaints by installing the 2.1 software but that has not helped, and may have made things worse.  The phone now locks up several times a day, or the phone functionality stops or the apps that previously worked now crash and have to be erased and re-downloaded.  The phone routinely loses my favorite phone contact list and the only way to get it back is to shut the phone down and restart it, I have to do this 2 times a day.  Turning the phone off and back on is a painful process, the phone had to reboot and can take 2-4 minutes before it can be used.  The Eris is unacceptable as a phone, too distracting, too difficult to use without your full and careful concentration on careful touchscreen accuracy, and bluetooth reliability is haphazard.  I will be going back to my friendly Motorola L7c this weekend. The software and interface is just not ready to use, and is expensive.

Quite possibly the worst phone I have ever had.  It has great qualities such as gps and intergration with facebook but other than that the phone is no more useful than a brick.  It has too many bugs in almost all the main software components.  The cell phone is also way too slow.  If you like to wait at least 30 seconds before making a call...well this phone is for you.  The same thing goes for texting.  When you type on the letters it takes several seconds for the letters to appear which leads to you making many mistakes.  Since the screen often freezes you often find yourself calling people you dont want to call without you knowing.  Do yourself a favor and ignore this phone at all cost. Im still stuck with this phone and I have resorted to barely using.

Well, As this is my first smart-phone, I was unsure how quickly i would get the hang of it, but after a few minutes in the store. i was sold.I went in with a list of desires & tasks i wanted in a phone & spoke to a rep. It became apparent to him that I was headed directly for the Eris. With removable Micro SD card, the ability to record video for as long as the memory would allow, the ability to play my music, the ability to sync with my gmail as well as a convenient size & shape to hold amongst other things.The time to adjust to the touchscreen was only about a day or two thanks to settings which allow you to both practice & let's it calibrate to your touch. Auto-correction for text can be enabled is you are a sloppy texter such as myself!Almost everything about this phone can be customized to make it perfect for you & with a little bit of help from some Eris forums, I learned many tips on how to help the battery life which seems to be the only downside (which is why I gave it a 4 instead of a 5).Looking forward to the OTA upgrade soon for Android 2.0 or 2.1 soon so that more of the Market Apps are available to me.

I bought two of these phones from Verizon on the BoGo special for family members. All in all it is a great design but both of these phones will freeze up requiring taking out the battery to get it going again. A quick search on the internet reveals that it is a widespread issue. I contacted HTC for support and they told me to reformat the device and update any applications we had downloaded. I could understand that if it were one of the two phones that had the symptoms (let alone all the other people reporting the same problem). This issue can occur during a call so it's a serious issue. HTC fix your software! (hopefully it's software). I have the Motorola Droid and it does not have this issue. Do some research before buying this device. It's a great design so hopefully it will get an update ASAP.

I had been watching the Droid for a while, and so when I received an Email notifying me of it's release, I headed on over to the Verizon Store on launch day. All of the employees were wearing shirts that said, "Droid does," and there was a small, but significant crowd in the corner right beside the entrance. There I saw a stand where some redneck was eying this blocky, shiny black phone. Abandoned, on the same display set-up, there was a lonely, small, much sleeker, touch screen phone I did not recognize. Still eager to take my turn with the Droid, I decided to play with this other one to pass the time.It was not long at all before I realized that the unadvertised, un-hyped Droid Eris was vastly superior.Let me start by comparing it to the Motorola Droid (MD) (Motorola Droid A855 Phone (Verizon Wireless)). The MD Has hard edges, corners, and an unfriendly box shape. It has a thin slide-out keyboard, the keys of which have very little tactile feedback, and the rows aren't offset like a real keyboard. Also, on this slide-out panel, is a d-pad, which is almost completely unnecessary given the touch screen. The entire phone has a shiny smooth finish, making it really susceptible to scratches and fingerprints. The tech specs are a little better, with a faster cpu and a beautiful high resolution screen. Also the camera has a flash.The Droid Eris (DE) on the other hand, is quite smaller, and has rounded edges (much like the iPhone.) It uses only the on-screen keyboard, which is not the best of all input methods, but most problems are averted by its handy correction feature. Also, like the iPhone, you can turn it on its side to enlarge the keyboard, making the problem of hitting the wrong key nearly disappear. The DE has a trackball, much like the Blackberry Pearl (BlackBerry Pearl 8130 Phone, Pink (Verizon Wireless),) and while this almost never comes into play, it's much nicer and has less of a primitive feel than the MDs d-pad. You can also have it light up for notifications. The phone has a silky smooth rubber coating on the back. That combined with the rounded edges makes it much easier to hold. The tech specs aren't on the mark with the MD, but thus far, I have yet to encounter any serious problems with speed. And, while it would be nice to have the higher resolution screen, this one does the job just fine.They both run on Verizon's network, which, from what I've heard, is the best. Both use Google's Android OS, which is fantastic and wonderfully customizable. Although the MD uses a newer version, the DE is going to be supporting it soon.These are the only problems I have run into with the Eris.>The battery life isn't so great, especially if you are constantly browsing the internet and stuff, like I did the first couple of days. It's never gone out on me though, even once when I didn't charge for two days. But I recommend charging every night.>The cracks around the edge of the screen seem to attract little bits of dirt, crumbs etc. which can take away the beauty of the phone, and it's hard to get them out.>The music system isn't the best. Especially considering the battery life. Keep your iPod.These are the things I LOVE about the phone:>Accelerometers detect the orientation of the screen.>Browse the internet anytime. Also, browser supports pinch zoom.>Electrostatic (finger electricity detecting) touch screen much better than the pressure sensitive ones seen on cheap touch screen phones.>Move icons on main screen anywhere. Put exactly what you want on main and sub screens and nothing else.>High quality camera. With the highest settings, the picture is too high quality to send in a mms message. No flash, but hey. I didn't get this phone for the camera.>Hundreds of free apps in the store (that can be made freely by anybody) to keep me entertained forever.>My screen still has no scratches, despite being dropped into and pulled out of my pocket countless times since I got it release day.>Although the port looks different, a standard Mini-USB will fit it. This means it is easy to find a usable cord for it, if you lose the provided one.There's probably more, but why don't you find out for yourself? Buy it. You won't be disappointed.

This phone has good basic info for the consumer looking for touch screen capabilities with simple design and ease of use. The one drawback on this phone is it's sometimes slow response time and tendency to freeze applications. Also the small amount of standard storage, makes it hard to keep a good array of apps on the phone without having to periodically delete others to make space. If you like taking pictures and having a few simple apps to use, then this phone is perfect for you. The camera gives ok pictures but the zoom leaves a lot to be desired. If taking a zoomed picture you will need an extra sturdy hand to get a good result and blurring occurs quite often with moving subjects, even at low rates of speed. Battery life is just ok and if you use this for moderate to heavy use, keep your charger handy.Overall, not a bad phone to have, but there are better options out there for the same price.

After having this phone for several months I was ready to throw it out in the street.  Even after upgrading to 2.1 it was still laggy.  I was constantly sending cryptic emails to friends because of the auto correct.  Perhaps the most annoying thing about the phone was its behavior whenever I attempted to call someone back immediately after missing a phone call from them.  I found that the phone would refuse to make or receive phone calls for several minutes.  I also found that it I just couldn't answer phone calls.The integration with facebook and gmail contacts was nice, especially since it would match a picture with people, but it was annoying that it imported all of my friends from facebook into my contacts list, especially seeing as how 95 percent of my "friends" are people I have no intention of ever calling.On top of all that, Android boasts having lots of applications, but I found that most of these were of extremely low quality.I switched to a palm pre that I picked up on craigslist (a phone I would recommend) and thought about keeping the eris as a backup phone, but I think I'll get rid of it.  I'd rather go back to my motorola q than the eris.
