
Compre uno y esta chevere funcionando con Digitel de Venezuela. Si tienen problemas lo pueden canbiar y son muy atentos en responder y cambiartelo por uno nuevo. Eso me paso a mi con el primero y de inemdiato me enviaron uno nuevo que funciona de maravilla. Completamente desbloqueado. Lo recomiendo y seguire comprando con ellos por ser tan atentos y prestar un servicio de primera

The "Blackberry" was not a real Blackberry phone. It came in a box that only said wireless devise with a label saying it was a blackberry. The only feature that worked was the phone. No blackberry message or any other feature.I returned !!!!! What a scam!!!!

I bought my second Blackberry by Amazon, the first one which was a BB Pearl was excellent, but this time I can't say the same thing.I live abroad so I didn't see the telephone until the end of August, when I came back to my country I tried the phone and since the beginning it had a lot of problems, first of all the icon of BB messenger was not there, (I downloaded),the only language it had was English,  then it goes off if I talked  more than 1 minute and the noise you hear is awful. If you connect the phone it works perfectly, but even if you download a program it goes off, I reset it a couple of times but the problem continues. I really don't know what to do any suggestions? I also read all the reviews and they were fine.I feel very dissapointed and I'm not planning to buy more phones through Amazon.

I bought a Blackberry 8320 Unlocked Phone on Amazon and I may contract a service with DIGITEL, Venezuela. I worked for a few days without problem. From one day to another Blackberry services no longer work. I call my service provider here in Venezuela and told me they suspended my PIN. I need to contact the seller and do not know how to solve this problem. According DIGITEL tells me, the PIN is reported stolen, I buy it through Amazon and I have the receipt. I can do?Aglees Gonz&aacute;lezBlackberry 8320 Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900, GPRS, EDGE, and 2 MP Camera--International with No Warranty (Titanium)

Hi, good nights... I have two questions for the storewhat is the containing of the box?!and does it includes a stick of micro-sdI hope you can answer my concernings....Thank You!Gabriel Pe&ntilde;alver

I bought 30 units of this phones from tablet ditributors and lost my money, the phones have a problem with the pin that is not active, I contacted them to solve the problem and I was told that the window to return the phones expired.I bought the international version because these phones were for venezuela, it took 5 weeks to arrive to venezuela, and by the time they arrived I wasnt able to return them anymore, therefore I lost my money, the phones are useless without pin.

I was happy when I got my new Blackberry, but there was no backlight in the keyboard. The solution was to put a piece of paper behind the battery and it worked fine. But this shoul no happen in a new phone. For anything else its a cool phone.

I purchased my blackberry curve from another source and got a very good deal and I love it.  It works well for me because i am a full time college student.  It is literally like having a hand held computer.  Its great.  I can go right to face book with one touch of a button.  The phone also has wifi so if your phone has no service in an area but there is wifi you can use your phone.  Its an awsome phone to me overall and i only paid 100$ for it.  I got pretty lucky.

All arrived safely the phone!Only that the phone is made in Mexico and has no installation CD!Excellent software!

Soy de venezuela. Me enviaron un 8310 cuando mi compra fue un 8320, y en la caja dice 8320. Estafa total

We've had this phone for about 6 months now and just LOVE it!  Feels great in the hand, easy to maneuver through the menus, strong battery life.  Makes checking email, sending texts, reading/opening files, surfing internet so easy!  Just a great phone!!!

I bought this phone and after a week of use, did get locked!... Then after that, the phone does not turn on again!! So, when I did try to fix it at an expert phone company, they told me that the phone was used and repaired, so they can't fix it in this condition! So BEWARE!!... Stay away of this phone!...I don't know what happened with amazon.com, It's my fist bad experience in 5 years buying from you!!... You didn't help me with this case!

The phone arrived at time in good conditions, I had some problems with PIN in Movistar, Venezuela. I had to upgrade the software and it works fine. The phone came in english only, but with the new software was solvented, now I have it in Spanish. I repeat, works fine with Movistar, Venezuela, but need a software upgrade.

I m so disappoint, the cellphone works only for 2 weeks. I sended to BB offcial technicals, and they told me the error is hardware. I contacted this seller, and he didn't take the hint. I threw $139.99 dolars.Estoy enojadisima, el telefono solo funciono por 2 semanas, Un tecnico de BB me dijo que es un problema de placa de hardware, que no se puede arreglar, hay que tirarlo, una verguenza, gaste 140 dolares, y lo tengo que tirar. El vendedor nunca se hizo cargo, le mande 3 mails y me contesto uno diciendo que ya habia pasado mucho tiempo. Que me iba a dar una respuesta, de esto hace una semana.

I boutht this phone in september but not sterted to used until december 2010. The msn's are working sometimes but the phone line never worked or you can used for 30 seconds. The phone system is a mess.What can I do?

It was a rip-off. It did not work after I had given it out. I was so disappointed and I felt deceived and taken advantage of

A todo aquel que quiere tener un Blackberry recomiendo adquirir este telefono, lo tiene todo, incluso WiFi. Tal vez un punto debil podrian ser sus dimensiones (en lo personal me gustan los telefonos un poco mas peque&ntilde;os).

I have been using SmartPhones since 2000 and I feel this is one of the best phones I never had. It is easy to handle y help me to keep just one source of contacts for all my applications. The feature that keeps updated my friends data from Facebook is a +++. I hope to keep discovering new features that make me my life more easy.

when i talk on the phone it makes noises and the ball fell off bad connection, loud sound.i didnt even use it for a week since i bought it

I bought a mobile with them. It had some problems. I sent them back and they gave me a brand new one. No stress. No disappointments. Just Great!

I bought this Blackberry for my mom, who lives outside of the US, as a Christmas gift but it turned out to be an embarrassment.  The phone keeps dialling jjjjjj continuously and calls whoever is listed in her contacts list whenever it decides to.I thought that by buying this through Amazon I was getting away from potential scammers but it looks like I was wrong.  I cannot help but feel that I was sold a used phone on the pretext of it being new. I don't think I will be making any such purchases via this outlet in the future.

I had ordered a phone, had a phone delivered and while it was ontime, it was notexactly what I expected. The seler went out of their way to resolve the issue sending a replacement and making sure I was hapy with the product. I am very happy with both the product and service and would recomend Crossover Sales as a trusted seller with quality products.

i have had my blackberry for about 16 months now.i love the features on the phone,but after about 12 months i started running into a few problems.i can be on the phone talking to someone and it seems like if i'm on it too long,i can hear the person on the other line,but they can't hear me.once i hang up and they call me or i call them,things are fine.also the reception isn't the greatest.my 8320 doesn't even roam.i don't know if it's my carrier (t-mobile)or if these phones just don't roam.another problem and the most annoying,is this phone freezes a lot.then you have to take the battery out to restart it.that usually takes a good 5 minutes to restart.it's very annoying.other than that the phone has a lot of good features.my favorite is how you can crop a picture from the internet and send it as a mms message.i would not buy this phone again.i'm debating if i want to try a newer blackberry.

I got the phone that looks like a fake, and i believe it is. The phone has a missing back lid to cover the battery. Going to return this.

The phone works as expected... Delivered on time and as a use phone was little or no visible damages. I recommend to other buyers.

ESTE EQUIPO AL PRINCIPIO ESTUVO FUNCIONANDO MUY BIEN, PERO LUEGO DE 6 MESES NO ENCENDIO MAS... SOLO  ENCIENDE EL LED ROJO Y MAS NADA... LO LLEVE A SERVICIO TECNICO ACA EN VENEZUELA Y NO PUDIERO REPARARLO....

hello, I can not register the blackberry blackberry service tell me that is blocked and what contact you so that you unlock

The battery came with defects but after shopcell knew about it, they sent me back a new battery wich works for free. Their reaction was fast although I was lucky I was still at the US to get the battery. Just next time you should especify the phone doesnt come with all the usual accesories

the blackbeery 8320 wifi has reach india on 3rd july. I charged it. It is not charging. it is a total dud piece. It is not working.As i am away from US the deadline of 24 june to return may eb reconsidered. I will send it back through earliest opportunity.The mobile piece was scratched and looking dull. I hope it wa snot used or repaired.I feel cheated

Around last yeah my nephew bought me an "unlocked" BlackBerry as listed for purchase on amazon. Knowing that I don't live in the US I verified that this phone was unlocked. About a year later, on the island that I live on we received the BlackBerry and so I applied. When I went to setup my email account on the BlackBerry it said it needed an activation code for the Enterprise Service when I was only supposed to get the Internet Service. After going to customer service here they said the phone was blocked or either stolen and that it was from a company called RIM in canada. I paid for an unblocked BlackBerry and got a Blocked one and when I wrote to amazon its like a computer answered. Saying refunds are void after 30 days, sure that's a business point of view but it's not a morally good choice. Shame amazon selling something and getting something else.

YA TENGO MI EQUIPO EN CASA, SE VE NUEVO, LLEGO CON TODOS LOS ACSESORIOS, PERO NO ME TRAJO EL CD. LA EMPRESA DE ENCOMIENDA SE TARDO UN POCO, PERO SON MUY BUENOS Y RESPONSABLES (NORTHDELIVERY). EL PEDIDO LO HICE A  DLN Enterprises. YA LE PUSE EL CHIP Y FUNCIONO. COMPREN CON ELLOS

I bought the phone in DLN enterprises, now I know why they send it With No Warranty, because they are OLD and mine was been used since 2006, it's the oldest phone I ever seen, they are thieves. I am very disappointed, I didn't give them even one star, I could give they nothing, be carefull before buying.

This Product is not original and battery last no longer than 9 hours. Worse deal made in Amazon.com since. Not recomended

phones are used and rebuilt, very bad, corrupt company.Compre 4 telefonos y vinieron malos con defectos por q son reconstruidos los telefonos son unos corruptos ladrones

The phone came which we liked but it works for less than a month. I need a replacement. Kindly advise. I purchased 4 blackberry and 1 nokia. Blackberry 8320 stops working.

Hola!! Si para alguien les es util esta info en espa&ntilde;ol: Este fue el Primer BB que compre. Vivo en Caracas - Ven. Funciono bien, pero al pasar de los meses necesitaba una actualizacion, porque me salia el relojito y se quedaba pegado. de resto estuvo bien.

For what it is/was, this is an excellent phone.  It isn't high-falutin' anymore, like it was when I got it back in 2008, but it's still a good, solid phone.  It's blown out of the water by the newer ones, and the Amazon price, here, is totally out of line due to how it's aged and the features it's now missing.However, if you want to something easy to use, an intuitive interface, and excellent performance in the phone, e-mail, SMS/MMS, Calendar aspects, as we all want in a business smartphone, and you can find it for $200 or less, you're going to be happy with what you're getting.If you're getting a contract, however, I'd recommend moving up and obtainig the 8900, 9700, 9800 or, for the more frugal and less feature-happy, the 8520 (only missing a GPS and 3G).

bought this phone with HassleFreeCell, 4 keys didnt work, so i have to pay to fix it a "new" phone YEAH RIGHT...is not made in canada btw..

Performs as I expected, I only had to reinstall the software with the latest release, and hook up with my cell company, and started using the 8320.It has things I didnot know it had, works beautiful.Only thing to improve: the desktop software.

Just now I got this phone and when I opened I saw a T-Mobile Blackberry Phone, but unlocked. I am really disappointed. After inserting battery I am not able to close the back cover. I switched on after inserting my AT&T Sim and immediately after switch on I got an error message showing "Error invalid Number.......". I am going to return this crap, I didn't pay this $217 (Amazon Seller: The OEM Shop) for T-Mobile Blackberry phone. If I need T-Mobile Blackberry 8320 Phone then I will get it for free from them. If you don't care about this then "All the Best!"

It was an easy transaction. I got what I paid for. And the phone arrived within 8 days.

El producto que me vendieron no se puede registrar en ninguna telefonia en venezuela el pin aparece robado

i purchased this item, and the seller was amazon, that suposed to be the most liable seller in the market...... And amazon sent me a CHINA COPY of my cell phone, and i do pay for a new an original cell,... not a bda china copy, like amazon sent me over there......... was an awful situation....... am a international customer, am living outside US, so that means that i can't return the item... because am not living in US....the WORST experience on this cell phone, on amazon either...... i hate the china copy..... and amazon bring me that.... was really a bad thing from amazon... i mean is so disrespectful

YO COMPRE 2 BLACBERRY POR MEDIO DE AMAZON  A THE OEM SHOP  Y LOS DOSTIENEN EL PIN BLOQUEADO Y NO LOS PUEDO UTILIZAR AQUI EN VENEZUELA Y UNOTRAJO UN CARGADOR QUE NO ES DEL TELEFONO COMO HAGO PARA RESOLVER ELPROBLEMA...YO COMPRE LOS 2 TELEFONOS Y JAMAS PENSE QUE ME IVA A PASARESTO...UNA DE LAS PRINCIPALES RAZONES POQUE UNO COMPRA LOS BLACKBERRY ESPARA UTILIZAR TODAS SUS FUNCIONES Y CON EL PIN BLOQUEADO COMO LOUTILIZO...DONDE PUEDO IR.........EL PRIMER TELEFONO ES:PIN: 557668BBIMER: 358263.01.827555.1EL SEGUNDO TELEFONO ES:PIN:561132BBIMEI: 358263.01.8278562ESTE TELEFONO VINO CON UN CARGADOR QUE NO ES EL DEL TELEFONO......MI LINEA TELEFONICA ES MOVISTAR Y LA COMPA&Ntilde;IA MOVISTAR DICE QUE EL PIN ESTA BLOQUEADO POR LA EMPRESA A QUIEN YO LE COMPRE EL BLACKBERRY....COMO HAGO PARA PODER DESBLOQUEAR AMBOS TELEFONOS.......QUE MAL SERVICIO PRESTAN....ES UNA ESTAFA....NO ENTIENDO COMO AMAZON SE PRESTA PARA ESTO...ESTO LOS DESPRETIGIA......QUE DECEPCION TAN GRANDE......Y NADIE RESUELVE EL PROBLEMA COMO HAGO PARA QUE ME REEMBOLSEN EL DINERO Y PARA DEVOLVER LOS EQUIPOS,.....

I bought this product for family and they seem to be very happy with it.

My wife used this phone for a few months with high expectations and came away very disappointed.  The UI of the phone appears to be tuned to hard-core "Blackberry nerds", and not casual users.  Basic settings like the ring tone require navigating a twisty maze of menus and options buried under an application icon.The worst UI flaw of this phone is the way applications are left in -exactly- the state they were in when you last used them, even if that state is useless or confusing.  Left a menu popped open when you exited?  It's still popped open when you come back, blocking access to what you're after.  Browsing photos last time you used your camera?  Now you've got to explicitly exit browse mode before you can take a picture.  This may sound like a minor detail, but trust me, in overall use it makes the phone very confusing and frustrating to use.While the call quality on the phone is generally good, it would mysteriously shut off the radio occasionally, making sure you don't receive calls.  By default, the "switch phone profile" control is on a side button that's easy to hit by accident, frequently shutting the ringer off and insuring you miss lots of calls.  Bluetooth access was never reliable.My wife was really interested in browsing the web phone the phone, but the web browser is a huge disappointment - it looks like something out of the 1990s.  Unless the web site has a specially designed "mobile" page, you can expect trashed formatting, difficult navigation, and very slow response.I think the Blackberry was a hot item ten years ago, but the iPhone has raised expectations far beyond what it accomplishes now.

This cellphone is HORRIBLE!!!I'm so DISAPPOINTED!!!! During the call it turns itself off and takes a long time to come back (with that hourglass running), the BBM has stopped working and constantly falls into the mailbox and I can not receive calls!!!!!!!I'm living in Brazil - Rio de Janeiro, and would like to know how can you make the replacement or make the concert because I urgently need the cell phone!!!

He comprado el tel&eacute;fono en las empresas DLN, Compre el celular y asta la fecha no lo e visto por que esta en el buz&oacute;n retenido por no poseer factura.

It was as I expected it worked perfect the price was fair in great condition and it work fine in another country

This is my second 8320. The first Curve I had serviced by AT&T and was quite happy with the unit, but had issues with data service availability,access speed and cost. Never a problem with voice availability. When my AT&T contract was over I switched to T-Mobile and got a new BB 8320. That was 5 months ago, and I had nothing but problems. I lose calls and disconnect with data service regularly. The original unit was replaced 2 months, and yesterday I had to replace the SIM card. Prized T-Mobile tech support is big on talk, but cannot resolve problems I experience. They hint that it is equipment issue, not their service, but after two units I start to have my doubts. I've tried to get out of my contract, but T-Mobile threatens with penalties even though they sold me the potentially faulty unit and cannot provide the service I have contracted for.

hola es nelson pereira este producto me llego en mal estadoel conector de corriente que es el mismo de introducir los datosestaba roto en la parte interna no estoy conteto con ustedes e tenidoque gastar mucho $ en el y no a quedado bien.......

In the month of April it buys a cellular telephone and this I arrive in terrible conditions, the main card did not serve. I put a negative note in its vestibule and they requested to me that it cleared it first, that they would solve the problem. These are days that not yet have made me nor a call. They do not solve. They deceive the clients.

This phone was advertise as new and it was USED, btw a lot.I returned it same day I received it. The seller helped to return/refund it ASAP.That's why I'm giving 1 star.

Good afternoon, it buys a cellular telephone BLACKBERRY 8320 Unlocked Phone--International with Warranty (Titanium) I never think that to buy blackberry by serious Internet in amazon the worse thing, since I was deceived and swindled by a called company ShopCell that offer me a new telephone  and me damaged shipment one, since to one week of use I go out and not turn on, I take to the technicians and they never informed that ram memory this damaged, does not keep the information, ARE NOT LET SWINDLE BY THIS COMPANY, DO NOT BUY to HIM TO THIS COMPANY

THIS PURCHASE IS THE WORST ONE I HAD EVER MADE WITH AMAZON AND I WISH IF I CAN CHANGE THIS PRODUCT WITH A SIMPLE CHEAPER PHONE , ITS A TOTAL LOSS AND SINCE IT HAS NO WARRANTY SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHILE PURCHASING IT

I like the phone. I was able to use  it overseas, where my job takes me quite often.In addition, it was delivered on time

Purchased this Blackberry curve from Cellular Square - Amazon Marketplace.  I opted for speedy delivery since my other Blackberry bold 9700 died on me. My phone with charger, headset, instruction manual in English arrived on time. The phone is also a new phone and not a refurbished one.I use this phone for work overseas and back in the US. Mainly for email and limited internet use.I would recommend if your one that uses the phone with multiple sim cards i.e. going back and fourth to other countries.Recommend Cellular Square - Amazon Marketplace!

I bought the blackberry 8320 two months ago and had the keyboard bore, is disposed of RIM by faults, and sell it here as a new, the phone is rubbish do not buy on OEM shop

soy de venezuela, compre Blackberry 8320 nuevo y me vino uno reconstruido y solo vino la caja con  el telefono sin bateria y cargador, me faltaron los dem&aacute;s accesorios, esta empresa es una estafa, me gustaria comunicarle personalmente la inquietud

GOOD IN ALL ASPECT, I WOULD RECOMMEND ANYONE WHO NEEDS A PHONE TO GET ONE FOR HIM OR HERSELF.



I purchase this phone thinking it was one of the best out there. But is, in fact, a complicated and boring phone.First of all, is SLOW, way too slow. If i want to take a picture, i literally have to wait for almost a minute and a half for the camera view appear, and then i have to wait another minute just for saving it.Another thing is the graphics, even though the cellphone has a big screen with a pretty good resolution, all the graphics and themes are horrible.I put an 8gb microSD card that i used in my previous phone (a nokia) but i cant use the phone as a pent drive, and is REALLY complicated to load photos, videos and music. And if you have a Mac, it is a pain because there's no official programs that can run in mac os x.My phone comes with this rare thing that start to call people without me doing anything... and is so annoying!!Bottom line, this phone is a waste of money!! I feel angry and so disappointed.

El servicio de entrega fue excelente, muy r&aacute;pido y c&oacute;modo de precio. El tel&eacute;fono necesit&oacute; llevarse a actualizar el software (no permit&iacute;a abrir la agenda de contactos, no alamcenaba datos de la tarjeta micor sd) la se&ntilde;al es p&eacute;sima. Usted puede entretenerse con una agenda electr&oacute;nica que es un mal tel&eacute;fono. Cuando se logra conectar a internet con el WiFi demora una eternidad para cualquier proceso. Encenderlo  y apagarlo es m&aacute;s lento que una computadora. Le recomiendo que haga una inverci&oacute;n en cualquier otro aparato que sea 3G pues este es GSM y le va a dar problemas.

I just can say it works. I proved it in two companies: Movistar and Digitel. Sorry if i can't say more....

La camara de duro como 1 mes, luego la bateria como 6 meses, la track ball hay que cambiarla cada 4 o 5 meses, mala recepci&oacute;n y muy poco espacio en memoria interna. Definitivamente si quieres botar tu dinero a la basura, este es el celular a comprar

El telefono llego con el trackball y el conector de datos DA&Ntilde;ADO, NO es NUEVO y ademas muy mal reconstruido, no recomiendo a nadie adquirirlos por esta v&iacute;a, a&uacute;n cuando me asegur&eacute; de comprarlo directamente a Amazon y no a terceros dentro del portal.Lamentablemente es un ENGA&Ntilde;O y ESTAFA.

I have purchased this product and when I received the product, I switched it ON. I started to check the features and approx 10 min after the mobile got switched OFF. I charged the battery, but useless. I tried the to check with a charged battery, still useless. I also tried my battery in a different same model and the battery was working.So, I have received a defective piece.Now Adorama Camera the vendor is neither giving me an exchange nor refund of the money.It was a very very bad experience.I trust Amazon Shopping site, hope my problem will be sorted sometime.

works fine but it is time to up grade! new time means new tech so yea i would upgrade my phone!

compre dos telefonos y uno llego con la bolita del scroll mala, afortunadamente es facil de cambiar pero no deberia suceder si estas comprando un articulo nuevo...

Sent the Blackberry as a gift to a relative in Venezuela. He took it to Movilnet to be activated and was told that the phone does not exist as a Blackberry number or code. That it is a fake. He was not able to connect the phone. Bad, bad experience. Do not recommend.

I got this phone in August of this year and the first time I looked at it I noticed that something was wrong. I bought it brand new and I definetely paid the price for a brand new phone. However, to my surprise, it really seemed to be an used phone as the screen lid was not very well attached to the phone. It had some air bubbles on the screen and the screen lid seemed to be manually re-attached to the phone. In addition the battery would die within 4 hours, even with very short phone usage. I went to an AT&T; store and decided to get myself I new battery and the battery problem is fixed.The phone has never been dropped off on the floor and I'm extremely careful with it and now the screen lid is coming off. So looking back to the original phone conditions when I got it, it leads me to think that I paid for a new phone and got an used phone instead. I'm very disappointed with the purchase because I feel I was fooled since I paid for something new and got an used phone.

Wifi feature does not work no matter what I try. It shows connecting to the router but it cannot surf the internet. Blackberry is way too complicated for something so simple to use. There's a whole bunch of articles on the internet with other people have similar problem with wifi on this phone. I am returning this after just 1 day since it's about to drive me crazy.

Prior to my purchasing this phone, I did a (what I thought was) through review at the AT&T; local store.  THE ONLY REASON that I didn't purchase the phone directly from AT&T;, was because it was a gift to my niece.  She had been involved in an accident and her cell phone was damaged, and no longer worked.  As with many young people today, this situation was extemely disrupting to her and her communication of friends, network.  Her current contract with not up for renewal and thus she was left without a phone.When I was asked to help, I stepped in and took all of the details of her request to assist in getting her another cell phone.  Being a long time customer of Amazon, my first (and last) choice was to view the sight.  I was very excited when I found (what I thought was the perfect match) the cell that she wanted.  I purchased the phone and had it delieverd directly to her.  Between 24-72 hours later, she contacted me to relay that the phone wasn't exactly what she wanted nor did it have the features on it that AT&T; phones (of which I thought that I was purchasing one in the same AT&T; compatible phones!) and that it (the phone) was more compatible to another company/brand.I asked for some assistance and was not pleased with the seller's response to "Only assist" in bringing in the phone closer to an AT&T; model/compatable celluar.  Bottom-line........I ended up purchasing (on my AT&T; account) another cell phone for her.  The one that I purchased from Amazon.com, was put back in the box and set aside.Larry T. Russell

no gps, no labels, no proper service tables / books....I guess this product is something like re-cycled. there is small paper sticker to denote the imei code. the panels were generic aftermarket used. don't buy this unless u jus wanted to have a feel of blackberry

I bought this item in August and it was my first time that I need to return something bought in  Amazon. The reason was that when the blackberry that came to Venezuela didn't changer, actually I bought a battery to know if the problem was the battery but isn't it. So I wrote an email to OEM about it and explain that I want a replacement or at least the return  of the money. After that I was waiting for 3 weeks and finally they did a refund after several mails. I was so angry because I really need a cel phone, but at least they return me the money of the cel phone (but not the money that I paid for the return).

Does anybody know if this phone uses a sim card? i recently buy a phone but it didn't specify that it was CDMA...

Beware of refurbished products. I ordered 2 of these for Xmas gifts and they both were defective.

I ordered this product from The OEM Shop, and the first device was defective (apparently blocked by RIM) However, its Customer Service team was able to replace the device with another one which is working well. Good post-sale service.

This product arrived very fast and in good conditions.  I made I mistake in my previous review thinking that it was another seller.  I bought two different mobiles from two different sellers at the same time.

Unit came and its not as described. But was sorted in no time. Very nice representatives. Just a tip, read the description before buying. Unit may not be supported, will not work on your country (overseas).

Whole process was Ok. I recommend it. Just one question: it is true that this model of phone not leave it are all rebuilt and there not new in stock?

just got this today. the phone is workin really good. the only downfall is not being able to download apps from bb site. u can use 3d party sites. they work fine. if i have ne problems with this phone ill re-post to let yea know.

This product was way too overpriced for what it was worth. This is the worst of all the blackberrys to have ever come out and the phone breaks easily.

When i buy this product, I thought that was new, after an investigation I realized that the product dating from 2006 that are defective products, might not accept amazon sell this, my usb cable not working and my phone did not bring headphones do not recommend it is trash of asia, sorry for amazon llc but this time they made a mystake!

I had a Blackberry as part of my work package and found it great. I love the ability to send emails on the fly, and also be alerted to them so easily. It synced in excellently with my outlook account and it saved me lots of time. However, when I left the job and no longer had the email synced up, I found the phone far less functional than a standard Nokia. It was too big, and the mouse for scrolling would always get stuck, and everything seemed to take longer than it should. I would definitely get a Blackberry again as a work phone, but not for private use.

COMPRE EN LA TIENDA THE OEM SHOP UN CELULAR NUEVO BLACKBERRY CURVE 8320 Y LO RECIBI CON LA TRACKBALL DA&Ntilde;ADA, ADEMAS ERA USADO NO NUEVO, AMAZON NO DEBERIA PERMITIR VENDER POR MEDIO DE ELLOS A ESTOS ESTAFADORES Y PEDIRLES QUE ME ENVIEN UN CELULAR NUEVO. QUE FALTA DE SERIEDAD ESTO DESPRESTIGIA A AMAZON.COM, LA CUAL TENGO A&Ntilde;OS UTILIZANDO Y NUNCA HE TENIDO PROBLEMAS.

Esty muy decepcionada del servicio de amazon compre esta porqueria de equipo y me llego bloqueado de paso que pague para que me lo desbloqueran ahora el pin resulta ser que no sirve porque comienza con el numero 5 de verdad que si pudiera demandarlos lo haria ya que uno con todo el sacrificio hace la compra desde venezuela con los cupos de internet para que salgan con una porqueria de producto no pienso perder mi dinero necesito que me solucionen mi problema ya que si segun ustedes AMAZON son una empresa muy seria sancionen a sus vendedores que lo que hacen es perjudicar a su clientela necesito un telefono nuevo yo soy capaz de regresarlo yo con esa porqueria no me quedo yo pague por algo nuevo y desbloqueado............

Great phone. Capacity and configuration desired by executives. Camera, memory, bluetooth, unmatched in its class. In exceptional condition. Highly recommended.

BlackBerry Curve 8320 Phone, Titanium (T-Mobile)Compre este Blackberry en DLN, utilice la tecnologia de Comunicacion de Movistar. Me funciono por un mes sin problema. De un dia para otro los servicion Blackberry yo no funcionan. LLame a mi proveedor de servicios aqui en Venezuela y me indican que suspendieron mi PIN. Necesito comuncarme con el vendedor y no logro hacerlo para solucionar este problema. Segun me indica Movistar, mi PIN esta siendo utilizado en el exterior. LLame a DLN y me dicen que tengo que hablar con AMAZON. Que hago!!!!!Juan CarlosNo se si pueda recuperar ya la inversion, porque ya lo llamaria ESTAFA. Lei todas las discusiones y es lo mismo, parace que esta tienda se dedica a vender para robar a la gente, sin importar lo que venden. Aparte del comentario de MOVISTAR, alguien mas me indico que el lote de telefonos cuyos PIN comienzan en 55 y terminan en BB fueron clonados. Quien se hizo responsable NADIE porque ni la gente de Soporte BlackBerry. No se que creer. No compren mas por aca, no seamos Masoquistas. Es la primera y la ultima que compro por AMAZON...!!!!Disculpen si fui groceso, pero es que molesta el asunto.Juan Carlos Palomino.

It is a great phone, exactly what I expected. I travel out of the country and can buy a sim card to use anywhere I travel and the phone works perfect.

I had a problem with this cell, because It could not be charged. I had to buy a new battery, so then it worked.

I received the Blackberry without the back battery cover. I contacted Amazon customer service and they sent me to Blackberry's support, but they didn't solved my problem.  Then, Amazon told me for a complete return.. I didn't want to complicate more that situation.  I bought the battery cover...I bought this item from OEM Shop, that is Fulfilled by Amazon.

I have nothing bad to say, I bought it and it is like a new, good for going work but you havve to learn how to use it very well

horrible vino bloqueado no lo compren no le funcina el pin no es de confianza, es increible q no cumplan lo q prometen, pobre producto

Blackberry did all expected of it, as stated.  Great little SMS, TXT and voice mobile.  Fast service from retailer.  Thanks!
