
The phone, if working properly, is amazing. However I had to have Verizon send a replacement three weeks after I got the phone. It would frequently reboot on it's own and freeze up. I googled this problem and apparently it is common with all Droids.

This phone is amazing!!It has everything I need and its true that "DROID DOES"pro's: Very easy to use.. I have never really liked touch screen phones. I always feel like my fingers are too fat or something haha.. The Droid however has an awesome big screen and is very accurate. There is just about every app you could ever want in the android market and more come every day. The slid out full qwerty keyboard is awesome and very useful in long texts or emails.con's: (before I list my con's id like to state that none of these are a problem to me but some might find them a bit of an annoyance)The phone is a bit heavy due to its all aluminum construction.. to me that just makes me feel like its built tough.. The battery life could be better. I have "rooted" my phone and overclocked the processor making it extremely fast but also kills the battery life.. stock processor speeds i have to charge about every 20 hrs of heavy use (browsing the web, watching youtube vids, playing games) the biggest drain on the battery is the screen so if you can adjust the brightness down I would.All in all this phone is awesome and I wouldnt trade it for any iPhone, Nexus one, or DROID Incredible ever.... well maybe for a N1 lol

I purchased a new Verizon Droid from a Verizon store 8 days ago. It is AMAZING! However the most basic requirement is not met. People are constantly telling me that I sound muffled and unclear. One person refuses to speak to me if I'm calling from the Droid. I Googled Droid and bad audio and came up with over 1,100 hits!!! They KNOW they have a problem but are unwilling to fix it. I must drive 3 hours to exchange this phone for another and hope it works. The Motorola technician tried a cure and it worked for one day then failed. On speakerphone it sounds GREAT, but with the normal phone it is not acceptable. If the second one does not work then I'll go back to a normal phone. It is VERY difficult to reach a person at Verizon or Motorola that TRULY wants to help out. I'm always told "send it back for a refurbished one"!! Right, I spent a fortune on this phone and I'm going to accept a used one? I don't think so. All true.

bought this about 2 weeks ago, on vacation now and I have to say is WOW. This phone rocks!! I got rid of my bb storm for this thing. There are so many applications out there for this product on the marketplace within the phone. The only complaint I have is the battery, I have to charge this thing twice aday because I'm such a heavy user. There are tons of applications out there, please see: [...] for further info.

If you're thinking of purchasing this phone because you're tired of waiting for Apple to develop an iPhone for Verizon -- wait a little longer.The major problem is battery life. It's not that the battery life is limited considering what the phone can do, but that it's unpredictable. I've fully charged the phone at night only to find that the battery is nearly dead in the morning. I've also had the experience of having the battery drain from nearly 100% to 5% in four or five hours while doing nothing other than sitting on my desk.It seems to be the Droid way or no way, because user options and settings are severely limited or non-existent. For example, the messaging and e-mail auto-correct feature is inconvenient at best, and idiotic at worst. The word "I'm" autocorrects to "O'Neill." "Tom" autocorrects to "Tomorrow." And a proper names becomes posessive -- "Bill" becomes "Bill's." Either you notice these and spend a lot of time pressing the delete key, or you don't and send some pretty confusing messages.This would be okay if there were an option to turn off auto-correct but there doesn't appear to be one. There don't appear to be a whole bunch of options for anything. For instance, I wouldn't mind an option to have e-mails deleted when I delete them because you actually have to delete your e-mails twice -- the first time they go to the Trash folder. Again, just give me an option.I inquired about options on the Motorola web site and was told I would receive a response in 24 hours. I'm still waiting nearly two weeks later.The screen display is nice and internet access is speedy. Though the sound quality is good, arranging music files is cumbersome. You can't import playlists and it doesn't seem possible to create more than one playlist anyway. That would be a user option, and that's not the Droid way.Other nuances I've experienced include continuously receiving notifications -- over and over -- that you have e-mail only to find that it's the last e-mail that you've already read.The included apps are bare bones -- the planner has limited features and, regardless of which view you left it in, has a fondness for displaying the week view which is the least useful. Unlike the iPhone and iPod Touch that have a planner that will automatically take you to the current day and time, the Droid planner greets you on the same day and time where you left it -- even if that's on a date three months away. You press "Today" a lot. The calculator redefines the concept of basic and I've been unable to locate a business calculator app in the "market." Available apps in the "market" don't even come close to those available for the iPhone.So yes, the Droid screen is big and looks good, internet access is quick, and sound quality is excellent, but if you care about functionality (including some predictability of battery life), and you can't wait for Apple to develop an iPhone for Verizon, then go with a Blackberry or buy a basic phone and carry around an iPod Touch.

I Highly Recommend the Motorola Droid. It's fast, it's snappy, web pages are rendered beautifully and it will only get better with time as new Android updates and new software (flash coming soon) are released.Overall, I have an extremely positive view of the phone. The only few negatives are: the camera still-photos (video is excellent) and the keyboard. The camera has great potential and it can take some really stellar photos at times, but it's sporadic, sometimes you'll get blurry or off-balanced shots. Hopefully the camera software can be improved in the next Android update. I really like having a physical keyboard, but this keyboard is very flat and hard to feel where you are. Due to this, you will constantly be staring at the keyboard while you are typing, preventing some faster typing from happening. They should have removed the directional pad to the right of the keyboard (not needed due to the touchscreen) and made a keyboard with the keys more spaced out and with a little more dimension.Other than these little gripes, I'm absolutely loving the Droid. The Google navigation turn-by-turn GPS directions are phenomenal, the video recording is phenomenal, the large selection of Android apps are awesome, sound quality is stellar, it's on the Verizon network that has 3G coverage almost anywhere, battery life is good and it has many other awesome features.

(Edit after reading through dozens of threads the last few days someone suggested doing a soft reset on the router and to toy around with some other settings which ultimately allowed me to FINALLY get connected to our secured internet.  HUGE PITA but at least I finally was able to get it working)-Biggest drawback is this phone will not work with any kind of real security on a wifi network.  I have WPA2 and it simply won't connect at all and I've read of dozen's of others having the same issue so its not me.Camera is 5mp but pretty weak compared to my HTC incredible.  Processor also seems laggy in comparison to my HTC.  Slide out keyboard is pretty weak as well, very small keys so people with big fingers having trouble with the on screen keyboard won't necessarily be happier with the slide out.

I've had the Verizon Droid phone now for 5 months. I it is the best phone I have ever had and I've had many. Voice quality is excellent, speaker phone is wonderful. Software is fast without delay when changing between applications and within applications. Google integration is smooth for GPS, email, contacts, voice search, etc. Highly recommended.

I love my DROID....this phone is AweSomE!!, it has spoiled me 2 death with all it does. I'm always on it, I feel like a kid in a candy store knowing it's mine and on my hip @ all times..IDK why it took me so long 2get a smartphone, but I'm glad that I have one now. I am also a keyboard person, so having one was a must...I don't really care 4 the touch screen keypad, and I don't use the one on the DROID, I NEED 2 feel the keys if U will, lol...It's simply WonDerFul!!I'm truly a HapPy CamPer!!

Ever since getting the iPod Touch, I've had an extreme case of iPhone envy; the Touch's intuitive interface, sleek design, and overall pleasant experience made me wish I could use it on the go, and not be tied down to Wi-Fi networks. As a happy Verizon customer, however, I was not going to switch providers just to get a new phone (although the thought crossed my mind more than once!). After a long wait, I finally got my hands on an iPhone competitor, the Motorola Droid. While it might not be the "iPhone Killer" that people have claimed it to be, it's a great phone in its own right.CALL QUALITYFor some reason, I get fewer service bars/seemingly weaker reception compared to my LG Dare. In the same spot, holding both phones, I get 5 bars on my Dare (which I've since given ), while I only get 2 bars on my Droid. Weird, but fortunately I haven't actually noticed any decline in call quality or reliability; it's been superb!SPEAKERLoud, and good quality! This is important, because whether you're listening for driving directions using the built-in GPS, streaming music through Pandora, or talking, the speaker is very loud and clear.BATTERY LIFEDecent. Yes, the battery can run out quickly, but that's just because you'll find yourself using the phone so much! Some of the biggest battery drainers I've noticed have been screen brightness, GPS, and streaming radio. These problems can be resolved by turning down screen brightness (even at its lowest setting, still bright and crisp), turning off the GPS when it's not in use (through the Power Control widget), and not relying exclusively on streaming radio for music (with the included 16GB card you can store plenty!)DISPLAYGorgeous, crisp, and very bright display that makes other phones pale in comparison. I love it, and highly recommend those considering this phone to take a look at one in their local Verizon store. Even at its darkest setting, its very good. The high-resolution display also allows for text to appear much more detailed and crisp, a plus for those with glasses.CAMERAThe Droid packs a 5 Megapixel camera, as well as video-recording at roughly DVD-quality. The camera is a bit slow to auto-focus, but pictures come out fine. Not great, but decent for a cell phone, especially at night using the flash. While its still pictures don't come out great, the Droid's videos come out really well. The audio recorded on videos is also really good.LOOK AND FEELThe phone isn't light, but it also isn't as heavy as I feared based on initial reviews. The only criticism is that there are no dedicated call/end buttons...instead, you have to rely on the phone application, which means you can't feel around for the call/end buttons, say you get a phone call in the middle of the night. Still, that's just a minor gripe. The phone feels sturdy, not cheap, and is pretty slim considering it packs a full slide-out QWERTY keyboard.KEYBOARDOne of the major selling points of this phone was that it has a physical keyboard. The keyboard isn't perfect - keys are shallow, too close to one another, and there isn't a dedicated row for numbers. Also, the top row of keys is inconveniently located too high to the top of the phone. Still, despite these shortcomings, I would not use this phone without the physical keyboard. After a year with the touchscreen-only LG Dare, I still had difficulty with typing, and even after 2 years with an iPod Touch - which has a much better touchscreen keyboard than the Dare - I have difficulty with typing on that, as well. While the touchscreen keyboard on the Droid is very good, I still make many fewer mistakes with the physical keyboard than with the touchscreen one. While I'd say this is largely a matter of personal preference, I'd like to emphasize that the physical keyboard isn't nearly as bad as some reviewers online made it out to be.Android MarketAs it stands now, the Android Market has over 10,000 apps, while the Apple App store has over 100,000. As a result, some reviewers have said - wrongly, I believe - that the Droid is somehow more limited. One should remember that while the iPhone/Touch had a headstart in developing its application market, many new developers have flocked to Android as more phones have come to market. There already is a strong selection of apps, and this will only grow over time.SHORTCOMINGSThe two major shortcomings of this phone - especially when compared to the iPhone - are that:1. Not as intuitive as the iPhone. I think this phone is great for many users, but others might find it to be a little complicated. This phone is very capable, but sometimes to find things you have to dig around a bit more than might be convenient (I don't mind this too much).2. No widespread and easily available alternative to iTunes. I use DoubleTwist, but without a doubt iTunes is a much easier way to transfer media to the phone than dragging and dropping or using iTunes alternatives, for most people at least. While I don't buy MP3s online, others have also pointed to the iTunes store offering much more selection than Amazon's MP3 store.CONCLUSIONSWho should get this phone? If this is your first smartphone, you might find things to be a little difficult at first, but well worth the patience. While this phone isn't for everybody, if you are already on/hope to switch to Verizon, this is without a doubt one of the strongest offerings. I don't know if I would necessarily dump my iPhone if I were an AT&T; Customer, but I think that this phone will be a very useful tool for many people who have considered an iPhone but wanted a physical keyboard, more customizability, or more Google integration. While there are a few shortcomings in design and media integration, I can now say I've found the cure to my iPhone envy!**UPDATE 2.22.10**I wanted to say that while I'm still very happy with my Droid, one problem has arisen. For some reason, text messages I compose are not always going through...after minutes of trying, the phone simply notifies me saying that the text message was not sent. I have no clue why this is happening, but must say it is a bit frustrating. Fortunately, it doesn't happen too often, but it has happened enough to notice. This has happened to text messages I've sent to people on different carriers, so I'm assuming the problem is from my end on not the recipients'. Either way, a small price to pay for an otherwise amazing phone.

The Droid has far surpased my expectations. I came from a Treo 650 and was very impressed with all the features offered by the Droid. My husband & I considered the iPhone and the Droid to replace our Treos.Although the iPhone has a more polished interface the key factors for choosing the Droid were:* Network coverage for iPhone is poor at best (socal)* Lack of (or inferior) insurance coverage for iPhone* Requirement of transferring all my music to iTunes* No physical keyboard on iPhoneThe Droid includes a superior network, killer fast wifi, turn by turn navigation, great customer service, and multiple applications running simultaneously.I read some of the negative reviews and noted:* That like all cell phones roaming for a signal can drain the battery. Typically the droid can last for days without recharging.* The integration with Outlook initially could be better-part of my problem for me was with the field usage in my Treo.* The phone icon on the main screen is not complicated for me. I agree as with many smartphones (even my Treo) making a phone call is the hardest thing you'll need to do.* Navigation is very accurate and has all but replaced my nuvi. Voice is very digitized- I would anticipate am upgrade to that at some point.* The apps market is sufficient, and I appreciate there NOT being 50,000 apps to choose from. The iPhone market has actually made it easier for the Droid market--only developing apps that people really want. Like Apple the apps available will grow with time-so far no complaints here.* The keyboard--I actually use the touch screen a lot more than I thought I would and the keyboard is helpful in long typing sprees like this review. I also account the keyboard a reason for the added weight- which to me in many products is a sign of quality and durability. Many of the frilly cutesy phones feel like cheap plastic that WILL break-and likely not last the lenght of your contract.* Call quality has been fine, could be better, but I don't have any specific compaints.* The voice search is AWESOME- anyone saying otherwise doesn't know how to use or is fooling themselves. The search works far better (and quicker) than I ever imagined.* Music transfer went perfectly-no conversion or iTunes required.* The case is very solid and have no complaints about it physically- I do not find the keyboard antiquated in any way- very easy to use....* The camera and video are impressive-WOW-5 MP camera w/flash-does amazing well in low light though AND 720p video...better than my 2 yr old Nikon.* Email works relatively well, however, if your company has a secured network like mine there could be issues getting support- mine is still working on....not an issue for me-not a requirement for my job and I don't need the leash OR a crackberry.For me this phone combines multiple devices (MP3, GPS, phone, laptop) into one-love it!

I purchased the Motorola Droid about 2 months ago & have been liking it the more I use it.  I used to have a Blackberry World 8830 and wanted something more.  First the good(for me).  The phone is lighting fast on the internet, has a great camara/video recorder, some really cool/fun apps, works as a good MP3 player(love the mini headjack plugin, I use it in my car & while walking), really nice touch screen & the turn by turn GPS ROCKS!! I want to reiterate the GPS ROCKS!! So handy for someone who travels.  Now for the not so good.  I REALLY like Blackberry's calender, not so much on the Droid(I am looking for a better one on the app market). Battery life is OKish, running some apps & the internet with the screen at full power gulps down the juice, but it is probably no worse than any very advanced smart phone.  I get between 12-24 hours of "use time" with it.  I use it quite a bit with the internet, Twitter & Facebook.  When making calls that requrie the numeric key pad i.e. calling a 1-800 number & having to press 1 for English, I have trouble with the screen going black, moving back to "phone mode" & not getting the numbers pushed. The physical key board is not so great but its really ok because I like the touch screen key board better when typing anyway(and I have big fingers).  The On Off button could be bigger(some of this stuff is somewhat petty). Thats about it.  The thing I really like is it is a MP3 player, GPS with turn by turn directions, phone & personal organizer wrapped into one device. Through Facebook, Twitter & Google Talk it keeps me in contact with all my friends & family.  The App Market is great too, thousands of fun & useful apps to be downloaded a lot of them for free.  All in all Motorola's Droid really fits the bill for me.  Take it for a spin, betcha don't give it back.

This is my first smartphone ever, and I have to say that it is incredible.

I have been in the wireless industry for the last 12 years.  I actually sold the old school bag phones that you had to plug into your car.  Through the years I have had phones that I like, phones that I hate, and phones that I love.  The Droid is definetly one of the phones that I love.  Usually with smart phones you get a really good PDA or a really good phone. The really great smart phones meld the two together to make it a truly special device.  This phone has made my life easier by combining tasks that I normaly used several differant devices for into one handy device.  Whne I went back to my iPod Touch I found that the sceen seemed dim and not as easy to look at.Pros:* Battery life is very good for smart a phone* Wonderfuly bright and vibrant screen* Excellent audio quality both incoming and outgoing* Mobile web browser that is great(yes even without multitouch)* Android 2.1 and all the feats that come with it especially the Navigation and Google Maps* Simple to us Music PlayerCons:* Keyboard is too small* Bluetooth seems to be finicky* Charging port is too small* Heavey (my arm actually gets tired holding this to my head all day)If you are ready to make the leap to a smart phone and are ready to pay extra for the monthly service this is by far the best phone that Verizon currently offers.

Upgraded to Verizon & the Droid from T-Mobile & the Wing (thus the gushing over the Droid).After a lot of research and hands-on playing, my wife and I purchased two Droids. We considered iPhones, but didn't want to be locked into ATT or iTunes. The Droid was easiest to use, had a better on-screen keyboard (plus the physical keyboard), and was far more customizable than the other phones we looked at (including the iPhone).The droid is a fast, easy to use, beast with absoutely fantastic apps. Makes sharp calls on a great network.

I'm on my second Droid in less than a week from getting as a Christmas gift, both have the same problem.It has chronic static, muffled noise, tin can sounding and others on the end of the call can't hear me at times.I still have poor audio. I will continue to test the phones in different situations, butI may have to give up and get another phone or go back to my old phone that had the sameservice but no audio issues.I've read on forums some people on their 3rd andjust decided to live with the bad sound.Other than the actual phone qualitythe phone features are great. I had to give it a poor review on sites etc. because the basicuse of the phone seems to be a flaw, something overlooked, or somethingthat the system interferes with the quality of sound.Today I was talking and it started vibrating in my  hand and hung up on my friend.I really, REALLY want to like this phone but its very hard when you can't even talk to anyone withoutbeing so annoyed and frustrated.It is unacceptable for everything that it does do well.I actually spoke with Verizon last night and even the tech support guy suggested to me if this is the second phoneits probably the phone itself and a patch or fix may not fix it.His advice was to return it and go back to my old phone so that I won't get stuck with it,, or another phone in a 2 year contractand wait and see if they fix the bugs on it and go head and try to purchase it again for a third chance.I hope they fix it so I can re visit the Droid in months to come.

First of all, this review is based on my personal experience. This is not just review of the product but also some experience with VW services. Since this phone is exclusive so the carrier service is part of the overall product experience I believe.Here are what I care about when select phones:carrier service qualityproduct quality (user interface, build quality, functionality, etc)international roamingI waited for the droid but I got iphone 3GS (2 of them now, one for me and one for the wife) after I delt with VW rep. When I asked the VW rep if I could see one that is powered one for demo. the guy told me one word 'NO' and walked away. Then I immediately drove to the nearby ATT store. While at ATT store, I got warmly greeted. the girl asked me what's the purpose of my visit and put me on the list. while I am waiting, she offered me some water. then in about 2 minutes, a rep is ready. Does VW have better network coverage? probably yes but better coverage doesn't mean better service overall.Another thing I am concerning about is since most of my friends are using iphone, so switch to VW will cause higher phone bill and not be able to stay in touch( I assume even the same Apps e.g. ping! is available on Droid, it probably won't be compatible between iphone version)I think iphone has better build quality overall. it has the solid feeling. the UI is extremely easy to use. Droid has it's advantage too. multitasking is my favorite. turn by turn GPS is another one and higher resolution is very attractive as well. It's all about personal preference I guess.International roaming might not be a concern for most of Americans. however, I do travel from time to time and I need GSM since this is most available mobile network around world.So overall, I think iphone fits me. JB it and it will even fit better. :)

I am a confessed Apple fanboy. The Droid, however, is fantastic. Google does not lock out apps, so Google Voice is available for the phone. Google has also thrown in turn-by-turn navigation with layer, like free traffic feeds. The interface is easy to use and robust. There are a large number of apps, and more are coming every day. Android is poised to take over the smart phone market.

If you are thinking about buying this phone...DO IT. This phone is simply great! Everything is SO easy to use, especially if you have a Google account. I use Google for everything and had recently backed up my contacts on my old phone using Google Contacts. As soon as I typed in my username and password all my contacts, calender, Google talk, and GMail was synced STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. The internet browser is also GREAT full HTML and is faster than the iPhone browser on Verizon's 3G network (I tested it).The touch screen is GREAT. Very responsive, accurate, and sensitive. The auto-correct/suggestive typing provided with the phone is very very good. And there are lots of great free apps to choose from.I have been meaning to good smartphone for a while and I am COMPLETELY satisfied. So happy I went with this phone over the Blackberry. The battery life is a little short. It won't last a whole day if you are using it a lot.The menus also take a little getting used to and sometimes hard to navigate but these issues are really very minor. If I could I would have rated the phone 4 1/2 stars but, to be honest, the pros of this phone HUGELY outweigh the cons.PROS: Ease of use, Synced to Google right out of the box, great features, free GPS and mapsCONS: Short battery life, Menus a little difficult to navigate.

I got a special deal from Verizon to upgrade early. I was having so many problems with my Blackberry Storm I walked into a Verizon Store to look at phones and spent about 3/4 of my time just looking at the Droid. I just could not put it down. I decided to buy it.I do not regret getting this thing one bit. In fact I am happier with this purchase than any other phone I have used. The device is slick and the physical + touch keyboard are great, The phone flies. I do not get any lag at all or choppiness.The GPS on this thing is great, it actually replaced my Garmin believe it or not. Takes a whopping 10 seconds for the signal to catch and get going sometimes less.Phone quality is great since it is on the Verizon Network, I do not get dropped calls.The Multimedia is almost perfect. I get no lagg at all hardly watching youtube videos. The app store is decent with many free apps to enhance the phone (I freak my family out in the dark using the strobe light app/flashlight). I have yet to try the music on this thing since I have a Itouch 2g for those purposes.Overall you will not be disappointed with this purchase.

I got rid of my iPhone because AT&T; is a horror show. Verizon is a dream. So I'm way happier with my Droid on Verizon than the iPhone on AT&T.;There are many pros and cons to the Droid vs the iPhone. All-in-all, the Droid does almost everything the iPhone does, but less elegantly. It's a bit more glitchy.There is one big factor that would make me get an iPhone again if it came out on Verizon and get rid of the Droid:The music audio quality on the iPhone is far superior to that of the Droid.Using excellent headphones, I loaded a number of songs on both the iPhone and the Droid and compared them. The iPhone has a much cleaner and clearer sound across the entire audio spectrum while the Droid is lacking in the mids and lows.The iPhone wins hands down when it comes to music audio quality.Listening to music is incredibly important to me, second only to having a phone that actually works.So for now, I stay with the Droid on Verizon.

This phone is awesome, too bad I will have to purchase at Best Buy for a higher price.  After placing my order through amazon, a week later my order gets canceled with no warning.  I already have an existing account with Verizon so whats the problem Amazon !!  Of course Amazon cannot do anything after that..-Frustration-

I'm a Blackberry user who switched to the Droid. You can read other reviews for better Pros & Cons. I'll only speak to those with Yahoo accounts.After setup, my Gmail account worked fine, but my Yahoo account and another business account rarely worked. After getting to Verizon Tech support and after their talking to Motorola, the answer is that Motorola no longer supports connectivity to yahoo. (I spoke to them today, Dec 22).It is true that some Yahoo users get connectivity, but for many it's iffy, and for others it's impossible. It's not a connection problem. It's a Motorola problem and they wouldn't be specific. Bottom line, they said they would not be able to to get it to work.Verizon and some websites say that to connect to Yahoo successfully, Yahoo users must have a Premium account where you are paying Yahoo. In fact, I have that service, and Motorola is now saying they will not support Yahoo users, even with that Premium account.I'm very disappointed and clearly this was rushed to market with insufficient testing. If such a major aspect of the phone does not work, I would be concerned about other aspects. This is probably the typical problem when one buys "version 1" of something; they're often buggy.I'm returning my phone and going back to my Blackberry.

Bought the Droid and used it for 3 weeks and I was not impressed.  Just for the record, I have owned previously an iPhone 3g.  Here is the breakdownPro's:- After upgrading to the current Android OS version, the GPS application is STELLAR!  Outperformed my Garmin Nuvi, and the voice input for addresses and for destinations is really cool.  GPS data was very accurate (as long as you maintain a data connection with Verizon.  If receiving a voice call, GPS doesn't work too well.- Substantial feel (due to weight) of the device far outweighs the lightness of other "plastic" phones.- Google Voice.  Did I mention Google Voice?  Really cool, really handy and works really well (as long as you have a data connection.- The screen is just flat out gorgeous.  Nice sharp, clear text.  Brilliant colors, and wonderful brightness and contrast.  Does get washed out somewhat in the sunlight.- Contact list integration with social sites.  Facebook contact information will automatically update, assuming that you have entered the person's name exactly as they have on Facebook.  While this is really neat, you cannot edit the Facebook information on your device.Con's:- Phone construction is whacky.  Keyboard slider won't stay closed while in your pocket.  Power on button just floats.  Volume up/down button is always in the wrong place and inadvertantly gets bumped, changed, etc.  I found that my phone would go from full volume to mute without me knowing it through the course of doing different things on the phone.- Touch screen glass is a fingerprint, face print magnet.  This is a key point where Apple has gotten it with their special coatings to eliminate or to reduce smudges.  The Droids glass front also has too much friction which makes swiping on the screen difficult or inaccurate at times.- Ear piece.  On mine, I could hear the static that you would typically hear in old radio broadcasts.  Very annoying.- Half of the calls I made or received, the other party only heard a mumble, not me.- Apps.  The Marketplace is a total and utter joke.  Can't find what you need when you need it.  Too much junk loaded in there.  A good majority of the apps won't work properly or will crash the phone.  Even verizon "recommended" apps crashed the phone.- Applications running in the background.  Nothing like having to force quit applications 3-4 times though out the day.  If you don't, be prepared to charge your battery a couple times through out the day- Sync.  No good options here, unless you use GMAIL.  Even that is limited.  I was able, however, to get my calendar to sync natively with my Macbook Pro.  Cool!  There are some half baked options out there for sync, such as missing sync.  I am sure they will get better over time.- Android.  The operating system is not intuitive and has the feel of being just slapped together, much like the Pontiac Azteck car.  Tap here, swipe there, pull the shade somewhere else.  It is customizable... sort of.  The operating system is also laggy in spots, and fluid in others.  This is where I truly miss the Apple iPhone experience, where everything worked as it should, and wasn't laggy in the least.  Other issues are with screen elements disappearing (swipe to answer) at times, calls not able to be answered or hung up.- Phone cases... at least the Droid case I had, it would interfere with using the slide out keyboard, interfered with the car windshield mount, and prohibited you from selecting items that were near the edge of the screen.- Micro USB is not a good solution for power on a device that may need to be charged while in the car.  you have to really pay attention to be able to plug it in.  The car windshield mount doesn't power the unit, so you have to plug in the micro USB to the phone before docking it in the mount.  It would be nice to have a powered dock to just snap the phone into, like most GPS units.Overall,  I feel this phone should never have left the drawing board, as it is painfully obvious to me that it is not complete.  It has promise, but still has a long way to go for me to want to try again.To be fair to Motorola, most of the big issues are not with the handset, but with the Android platform.  With that said, the Droid is NOT a sexy design in the least, but that should not be the basis for a "bad" functional review.  It isn't streamlined, it looks clunky with the sharp corners and the not quite the same size top slider as the bottom slider.

Let's keep this simple.  As a PDA/Google Appliance this phone is awesome.  As a phone it sucks.  None of my friends or family are able to hear me speak, I'm either muffled, shrill, or echoing.  No, it's not because I have a cover over the phone mic.  Yes, I've tried switching the encoding.  I've got degrees in software engineering and electronics.  I know how to troubleshoot and have made many test calls to different answering machines in attempts to characterize and correct the issue.  Maybe Motorola had some good early builds of the phone, but the latest are lousy phones.  I hope the correct the problems, at which point I would rate the phone a five.

Let me start off by saying this phone changed my life. This is my first smartphone (had a sanyo M1 for 2 1/2 years before switching to Verizon).  I had been waiting for an iPhone killer for years or at least decent competition for years.  Microsoft wouldn't step up their game with the windows OS and no apps could begin to measure up to Apple's.  Google stepped up to the challenge with Android OS.  Their apps, design, and interface with the quality manufacturer Motorola together is nothing short of epic.Pros:screen quality = amazing. best out there hands down, plain and simple. great for watching movies. use doubletwist to convert and sync your video media to your Droid.FAST: uses the same processor as the iPhone and there are task killer apps that can make it run faster by shutting down certain apps running in the background.  And if really want to get movin, you can "root" your phone and overclock the processor. I wouldn't recommend it though unless you know what you are doing.FORMATS: try watching AVI on your iPhone..yeah it doesn't workRuns multiple apps: I don't know how I functioned without this beforePhysical keyboard: Although it may be stiff, AT LEAST IT HAS ONE. Many smartphones are moving away from the idea of having a real keyboard.  However the Droid is the world's thinnest slide-out QWERTY keyboard phone out there16 gig card: Expandable up to 32 gb and comes pre-installed with a 16 gig. Who else is going to give you such a huge card WITH the opportunity to go even higher?...Apple probably never will5 MP camera: Can be slow when it comes to taking pictures but the quality is amazing. Almost makes you rethink the need for a real camera sometimes.  Has flash (and can be used as a flashlight with certain apps) and records video at 720 X 480.Removable battery: gives you the option to prolong your phone as we all know, all batteries lose charge eventually.File Managers: you can hook this phone up to your computer and see all the files and folders...unlike manipulative Apple.  You can drag and drop files/folders as you pleaseCons:Cant surf and be on the phone simultaneously (not really Droid's fault more so Verizon's but one of the few things I could think of that I dont like about my phone).Keyboard: buttons are somewhat stiff and can be hard to mash at timesSlide out screen is somewhat stiff, even though its given me no trouble it just isn't as smooth as the Samsung MomentLet me conclude this by saying I was once an apple fan.  However I grew tired of their tactics.  They get money from their customers by making them somewhat dependent on them.  The non-removable battery and internal memory and unable to upgrade characteristics really got to me after a year of my first Apple product (30 gig iPod).  It only works for like an hour off of a single charge now.  It's damn near useless.  They almost "make" you buy another one.  That's how they make money.  I was watching their products though.  Its 2010 and you're still doing non-removable battery? gtfoh  They also restrict access to you seeing your own files on your own device! I couldn't stand this and abandoned them for good.  What if someone told you as you bought a car that you could only drive it on Tuesday and Wednesday?  What if you were about to make a purchase on a TV and you were told you couldnt watch what you wanted to watch?  The point I'm trying to make is how can anyone tell me how I can use my product if I paid for it??? I was offended over time.The MOTO DROID is the first real iPhone killer or at least worthy competitor.  Simple people may flock to the iPhone.  However nerds, techies, and people who want their phone to do much more should really get the Droid.  It's almost like there was life before the droid, and then there is life after it

The Droid by Motorola is an absolutely awesome Smartphone using the Android operating system.  The build quality is excellent and doesn't feel cheap, flimsy, or  fragile in anyway.  The phone is heavy and fairly long because of the large screen, but is incredibly thin especially considering the full slide-out QWERTY keyboard.  The internet is the best that I have seen on any phone and it seems I'll likely be using my laptop a whole lot less because this works so well.  That will definitely be the case when, in 2010 Adobe introduces Flash 10 for mobile phones.

I have had many many cell phones. This one is by far the best I have owned.  I have all my email accounts on it.  The camera is outstanding!!  One usb cable and you can download the pictures to your computer.  Everyone I speak to on the phone knows I have a new phone by the clarity of the call.  Being able to multitask with it shows how much thought was put into its devleopment.  I have had no dropped calls, lockups, email issues nothing but great service from it.  The app market is growing and I am sure will catch Apple soon.  The bar code scanner app is great when shopping or just playing.  There are alot of free apps for it.  Over all I give it two thumbs up!!  The only thing I would like to have it the ability to record my own ringtones.  But there may already be an app for that too.

This is the worst phone I have ever, and I mean ever, had. I have had this phone for six months and have had a total of 4 new ones and have been into the verizon store weekly for a master reset making me have to add all the apps all over again. I got this phone since the rep talked this phone up like it was better than the Iphone but what a bunch of you know what. stay away from this phone try something else. THis phone will make me leave verizon cause it sucks so much and I always want to throw it against a wall. my advice dont listen to the reps and get another phone.

Can not start a call through a bluetooth headset.  Can not start a call using voice activation via bluetooth.  Just not part of the Android Operating System.  Might have to return it.Keypad is difficult to hit the correct key.  Touchpads keypads are hard too.  But the horizontal touchpad keypad is almost ok.Sometimes it won't let me answer a call.  Hitting the green touchscreen icon doesn't let me slide it to answer.  Then you have to go to your voice mail delete the message, and call the person back.  hmmmm.Voice activated google search is awesome.  But you can't count on touching the mike icon on the touchscreen to start the recording of your voice.GPS my Location works well outside.  But in my building it puts me all over the map.Google Maps, in my hand, at all times, awesome.Web browsing, gmail, facebook, slick.  5MP camera.  USB sync to WinXP to upload and download pictures.Just wish it work better as a PHONE.  I'm on day 3 and I don't really want to take it back as its addictive.  Downloaded a better calculator and considering learning how to program my own apps.

First off I want to say I had the Iphone for about three years so I'm not a hater, was the best phone I ever had. Till now. Switched to Virgin Mobile for a few months when my contract expired trying to decide what carrier to go with, and what phone. After a lot of research about all the carriers I went with Verizon cause their the best in my area of Nor Cal. Next thing was to decide on a phone. My friend recently got a Droid and after spending a few mins messing around with his and the one at the store I was sold. Especially since I was able to get it for $[...] at the store with a $[...] mail in rebate. Well no to the actual phone review:The Screen:First thing you'll notice is the screen. It is by far the best screen out there I think. Even better than my 3GS I use to have. It's also a little bigger, 3.7in vs. the 3.5in of the 3GS. Not only is it a little bigger the resolution is better as well. Again, Im not hating on the Iphone. Just my opinion. But the droid is perfect for watching videos, slideshows on the go, or pretty much whatever else you can think of. That's what makes all the Android phones so great. The openness and freedom to explore.The Build:Now every phone does have some down sides to it. The actual weight and size isn't a problem for me, bought the sam size as the Iphone maybe a little more bulky. It might be a problem for others. It doesn't have a sleek design as most phones. It as a more modern and rugged design. Which is what attracted me to it in the first place over the Eris. They also implemented a full physical Qwerty keyboard. Others have complained about this keyboard but I find it easier to use then the touch screen one. Sure the buttons are flat but after having to enter my Virgin contacts I got use to it rather quickly and now its all I use.Everything Else I Can Think Of Right Now:First off it comes with the new Android 2.0. Which for some it might be a problem. Unlike Iphones easy user friendly UI Android 2.0 doesn't compare. When I bought my phone the Verizon wireless rep suggested me to take a class that they had available the following week. I chuckled at first cause I do know my way around computer programs. But for some one who is not expierenced they might have a hardtime with the UI. Guess it depends on knowledge level and the ability to google what you want to do to find out how to do it.Another nice add-on included it the Facebook App. As others have said you have the option to import all your contacts into your phone. So whatever is in your friends information will be imported on to you phone. Email address, phone number, IM Id, everything. Plus the Facebook profile pic will be what shows up on under their profile on your phone. Another added bonus.There's an App for that! There really is. I've barely started to scratch the service on all that the Android apps have to offer. For example ther is an app, Shazam, which if a song is playing your Droid will tell you the artist, name of the song, album title, and sometimes even include album cover. There are many fun apps out there and most are free. Course there are by far a lot more apps on the itunes store. But Android is just now starting to catch on.All this is just barely scratching the service of what is possible on the Android 2.0 phones. Customization is what it's all about. Of course some might like the more user friendly OS, then your best bet is Iphone. The second best phone out there. But right now I would recommend this phone to anyone who can find their way around a new OS or can google their way to learning. I would buy again. Sorry for the long review and if I think of anyone else over the next couple of days I'll be sure to update the review.

I'm about to step on the toes of what I'm sure are the lurking forms of all the iPhone users out there when I say the following (but keep in mind that I say it with complete sincerity, and no animosity):The iPhone is better than the DROID in the same way that a calculator is better than a desktop computer system.You can hand an iPhone (calculator) to just about anyone, and they'll be able to figure its intuitive functionality in no time at all.  This was proven to me when a friend's daughter took hold of my iPhone and proceeded to show me how she'd mastered it in only ten minutes.  Likewise, however, if you give that same six year old a computer, she MAY be able to find the calculator application if she's lucky.  Maybe.That being said, the DROID is a fantastic device, created with powerusers in mind.  It may lack a lot of the shiny smooth corners that the iPhone touts, as well as its inherent ease of use, but it more than makes up for these... "shortcomings" with raw power.  Compared to the things that the DROID can do (which are only AMPLIFIED by the level of synergy with Google), the iPhone is... well, it leaves a lot to be desired.Getting to the title of this review, the DROID absolutely does pay for itself almost immediately.  Taking advantage of Verizon's New Every Two deal, I was able to get my DROID at the discounted cost, and enjoy all the features it had to offer.Included in those, of course, was the navigation service (beta), absolutely free.Already, I've paid for this device.  No longer do I have to go and spend $100.00 to $200.00 on a GPS, and then $70.00 or so each year after that to maintain an updated set of maps.  Now, I've got a GPS that gets updated whenever Google Maps does.  And on that note, I'm stoked to mention that I mentioned my apartment was missing to the Google Maps staff, and within a month, the entire complex was mapped out.  Compared with waiting for a YEAR for my complex to MAYBE be added in the next GPS revision, this was absolutely magical.And that's only ONE SERVICE.The DROID brings so many more to the table.  As does the iPhone, I'll grant you that.Ultimately, it comes down to taste.  Apple boasts something to the effect of over 100,000 apps on the App Store.  Compared to whatever number that the Android Marketplace has, I'm sure that Apple has the iPhone beat.Numerically.But what does the app count matter when the apps you have don't matter to me, the consumer?  Who cares if you have 99 law apps, when I'm not a law student?  Who cares if you have 101 dalmations, when I'm a Husky man at heart?I'm sure you get the picture.The DROID is an incredible device, very stable, and very elegant.  Again, it DOES lack the curves of the iPhone, but it's most definitely not lacking its own inherent sense of beauty and elegance.  There was definitely a lot of thought put into the design of the DROID, and the only part of the phone that really brings me a cause for pause is the "chin".  I don't really get that, but I suppose that's neither here nor there.Back to the stability issue: I owned an iPhone for four months.  In those four months, my iPhone was constantly crashing, taking upwards of five minutes to start up, and I'd constantly have to reload my apps.  With the DROID, I've loaded each app once, and they've remained intact the entire time I've had the phone.Integration with other services.  Major plus here.In addition to pulling contacts from my Gmail account, the DROID goes and takes it a step further: it siphons contacts from my Facebook account.  I was more than just a little amused when I had one of my friends text me outta the blue (first time ever).Person: Hey, Terrance, it's me, Person.Me: I know.Person: How do you know, are you stalking me or something?Me: No, but apparently my phone is....Maybe you just had to have been there, but it was incredible to actually have their face from their Facebook account displayed next to their name in the MMS, when I'd never texted or talked with them via phone prior to that.They even let you replace the generic home app with another app of your choice to replace how your DROID experience is, well... experienced.  Everything on the phone can be replaced with another app of your choice.  The only limit is the developers' imaginations.The only real problem that I've encountered with the DROID is with connectivity.  I'll switch on Wi-Fi, and it'll show that it's connected, but I won't be able to browse the web or download apps or anything else involving any sort of connection.  Disabling Wi-Fi and then re-enabling it will solve this every time, but it's a problem they should address with some haste, I think.In the end, the DROID is, again, a solid device.  A beautiful device.  An elegant device that blurs the line between... well, just about everything.  If you've got a contract with any non-Verizon carrier, wait it out, then jump ship.  If you're with Verizon, you know what you have to do.

With any phone, you have problems. Even with these aside, I very strongly reccomend the DroidCons:The camera is pretty lousyIf you are not in daylight, prepare to take several pictures and delete the worst ones. It just can't focus very well at all. Don't let the "5 Megapixel" slogan fool you. Megapixels don't make a camera a good camera. If you can't focus, then what's the point? Also, the flash is less than awesome. All of my pictures show a pretty obvious bright circle where the flash was. However, it's usable... and i don't take a lot of pictures anywaysIt is pretty buggySometimes, I'll get a text, and I'll go to it, and there will be no text message there. Then I'll exit and come back to messaging, and i'll see it. Once, i pressed messaging and it went to my Bank of America app. I constantly get email notifications and there'll be no email there. Once, it just started resetting every time i connected it to my computer. However, I just did a factory reset and it worked fine, making me think it was a bad app.The onscreen keyboard is way harder than an Iphone'sI got this because it has a real keyboard, which is great. After 2 days or so, I can type just as fast as any other guy, and i use google docs on it a lot. Nothing wrong with the eral keyboard. However, the onscreen keyboard, at least in verticle mode (why would you use it in horizontal mode if the keyboard is right there?) is kinda hard for me. Maybe it is because i don't practice a lot, but i constantly hit the wrong button. This might be because the Droid screen, though longer, is a little thinner than the Iphone's. It is totally usable, don't get me wrong, but i can type twice as fast on an onscreen keyboardYou need to do some work to make it be what you want it to beThe music player on it is pretty lousy and so is the settings menu. It is tedious if you want to see the date. blah blah blahThat is kinda the fun part, though. There are awesome music players to download (for free). Tunewiki scrolls lyrics from the internet as you listen and mixzing finds album artwork from the internet. There are several different settings apps: a played with one that had different profiles for one-click settings as opposed to changing several individual settings. I downloaded Beautiful Widgets that displays the time and date really well and makes it really easy to switch to silent, wifi, gps, bluetooth, vibrate, etc. You have to (get to) make it your own. However, that's the kind of phone it is. Your phone is SO DIFFERENT than everyone else's. If you have an hour of free time, you can try new thingsNot smudge resistantI wipe smudges away after every time i take it out. I don't have anything on the screen thoughThe price for being differentYou can't get popular apps. I go to UT and can't set up wifi. However, Iphone owners have a app just for the UT wifi. WowPeople always wanting to play with your phonePros:MultitaskingThe other day, I used Google Docs, turn by turn GPS, a twitter App, AND Pandora at the same time. AwesomeCustonizableIt is fully customizable. It is not just a black screen with apps on it (like another phone i know about). You can put on your own background, download a different keyboard, work on different browsers, and literally change every aspect of your phone. Your DROID is like no one else's Droid. Maybe you can sleep with it next to you- it is a part of youReal KeyboardAwesome. In the beginning, i kept pressing more than one button at once, but i have had it for a month now and can type long paragraohs on it pretty painlessly. you get used to it after 2 or three days (but i text a lot). AwesomeFlashThough it isn't the greatest flash in the world, I can use it as a flashlight with an app i downloadedLight SensorIt has a light sensor so that it goes black when you are on the phone. I got an app that makes it change the brightness according to how bright it is outsideWidgetsIt is not just a screen with apps on it or a menu screen. I can have a music widget that lets me pause, change tracks or whatever without opening anything, I can look at the weather without opening anything,I can look at my calender and to do list without opening apps. It is cool to be able to do anything without haveing to press on an app and wait for it to load. I just have to unlock the phone and look at the screen.Permanent buttonsWell, more like touch buttons. It is a good feeling to know that wherever I go, there are four buttons on the botton that can always be used. One is BACK for webpages and apps. It brings you back to the last page you were looking at. It is not an on-screen thing that veries between apps. MENU- this is like an options button. like a right click or control click. If you want to find any options within an app, press that. HOME is... well... the home screen. SEARCH can be used for google on the web, searching for music on the music player, and finding contacts.Loud speakers and Long battery lifeReal camera buttonApps Apple won't give youVerizon networkit isn't perfect, despite what you may hear. You have to manually split up your texts into 160 characters if you are not texting someone with verizon. SOOOO DUMB. also the 3G is slower than AT&T;Removable memoryAs soon as they are on the market, I am totally up for a 32GB micro SD card. This is good because I have way more than 16GB of music that I want on my phone. However, I go through phases and just don't put on music i used to listen to but don't listen to anymoreThat is all i can think of now. I can't talk a whole lot about software, because you make that your own with different Apps. One thing though, don't expect upgrades all the time like Iphone owners. Google goes from one project to the next without focusing a whole lot on older stuff. I really really like my phoneFavorite apps in Descending order: These are in order of how much i use them as well as overall awesomeness. That is why Google Goggles, The metal detector, and the barcode scanner are not on it. Also, I am not including anything that is already on the phone or the Advanced Task Killer because those are givensBeautiful Widgets (about $1.50 [only one on this list i payed for] but make my homescreen beautiful with wifi, gps, etc widgets. Also, it  displays the weather beautifully. You click on it in different areas to get to Google Calender and Alarm)GDocs (Google Docs. Cloud is goodness)MixZing Lite (Music player. Automatically adds songs that go with your music after a CD or playlist. Like automatic Genius)Bible (different versions of the bible and is my favorite bible app that i have tried)Ringdroid (make ringtones, notification ringtones, and alarms with your music)Abduction (favorite casual game. Trust me, get it)Quick Settings (I use it because it changes the brightness automatically and It makes it easy to get to settings that you actually use)MotoTorch LED (I use it because it comes with a widget that lets me turn on the flash as a flashlight with one press)Robo Defence (Really addicting Tower Defence. You have to buy the real one after a day or so of playing [which is also worth it]. Not a casual game)Seesmic (favorite Twitter app)Astrid (displays a widget to-do list)gStrings (tuner for my guitar)Bebbled (completely free game. No upgrades. I can't believe the quality. It is just a cool casual game)

I had very intention of waiting for the iphone for verizon. But I settled with the Droid. I'm very happy with my decision. Super fast downloads. Great applications. Best phone I've had thus far.

Sorry, if you are a serious workaholic, this phone is not for you.  The keybad is tricky and the position of the reset button (to awaken the phone) is inconvenient (should be a button on the front panel to "awaken" the phone instead it is a very small button on the top of the phone which is difficult to depress with larger fingers). Since the phone uses a lot of battery power you have to set the "sleep mode" timing to about every 1 to 2 minutes and the phone "shuts down" in between tasks while you are still working with it (e.g.,shut down after it dialed a number but before I could input an extension). The worst part is downloading email which is EXTREMELY slow (ten minutes or so to download a few emails if there are any attachments). I have been working with Motorola for 2 days now to try to find out why my emails are deleted off the phone once I download the same emails to my computer (I have the phone set such that emails are not to be deleted from the server). After 2 days Motorola technical support has not been able to resolve this issue.Using the screen is not as easy as using the trackball on a Blackberry.  Buyer beware on this one, don't believe all the hype.

While holding on to a 5 year old Verizon phone I was starting to get jealous of the iPhone crowd. Had the iPhone been made available to Verizon wireless I probably would already have one. But the AT&T; problem became coupled with my overall dislike for Apple's business practices. I recognized the beauty of the iPhone's engineering, but as a die-hard Google fan I jumped right on the Droid bandwagon. One month after buying a Droid I decided to let you all know what this month has been like. With the 2.0.1 update I am glad to say the Droid is a real winner.While it's not perfect the unit endears itself to the owner with a plethora of incredible features. Before the 2.0.1 update I was on the fence, considering returning the unit to Best Buy. Then I experienced killer app # 1: Google Maps with Navigation. Go right ahead. Chuck that old GPS right out the window--or give it to a friend in need. You don't need it anymore. The Droid has replaced the need for a stand-alone GPS. Enjoy carrying one less device around.Next is the media playback performance. This little gadget plays music and video on a large super-bright hi-res screen. Out of the box the headphone jack produced crackling sound but the 2.0.1 update seemed to fix it. More and more formats can be utilized each day as new apps are delivered, either free, or for a price. Browsing all the free apps is a bit too much fun. So that old iPod? You might not need that anymore either. While gapless MP3 playback does not yet occur on the Droid's default media player I expect a gapless playback option for the Droid in about 2 seconds from now--all it will take is a better app. Enjoy carrying two less devices around.Out of the box I was concerned about the camera quality. From slowness to image quality I was wondering why this camera was so poor. Then the 2.0.1 update sped up the auto-focus, and after watching the playback of Droid captured videos I can say the camera is decent. Does it replace a Canon SD780IS? No, but I wish it did. Overall the pictures and videos are good if you can provide the camera enough light. At 5 megapixels the bottom line is that the Droid can be used on the go for casual photo-taking use without bringing a separate point and shoot camera with you. That's three extra devices you wont be needing.Now consider the GPU, CPU, loads of free apps, and synchronization with your Google account. It would appear that instead of carrying 4 devices (a phone, a camera, a GPS, and an iPod), you only really need to carry one. That makes life simpler and gives you a lot more free pocket space. The cost of ownership is far lower than the competing iPhone because the platform itself supports freedom and free apps! This is the opposite of Apple which tries to restrict their users with an expensive app store and the frequent rejection of developers' efforts.I think Google is living up to their claim of No Evil by doing such a fantastic job with their Android OS and working to undo the vice-grip-like restrictions that have previously been imposed by handset manufacturers and wireless companies like AT&T; and Apple. Verizon deserves a lot of credit for opening their corporate minds to a device that completely defies their previous traditions. It just astounds me how much this device can do. This shows that Verizon is willing to evolve with technology and not let their bean counters run the show. At the end of the day, Verizon will be keeping my business because of this.Is the Motorola Droid absolutely perfect? No. Is it the most powerful piece of technology you can hold in your hand today? You decide.

All the other reviews sum up the features and benefits pretty well.  Yes, the iPhone is an easier, more polished, user experience, but give Android time and it will be there.  The iPhone 3GS level processor of the Motorola Droid ensures that software updates will continue to improve this experience.  The Droid, as they say, Does.  The marketplace is kludgy and navigation is awful, but with 20,000 apps and growing astronomically, give it a few months until it improves.  Here, for me, are the top reasons to go with the Android 2.0 operating system, which currently only this phone has:-Tethering.  You can pay Verizon $15/month for this access, or you can download an app, PDAnet, for free and use your laptop anywhere you have cell reception.  That is about $200/year (with tax) in savings.  The iPhone doesn't support tethering currently...AT&T; won't allow it.  Any other smartphone OS on Verizon seems to require the Verizon tethering charge.-GPS: This provides voice turn-by-turn navigation and does so nicely.  Goodbye other GPS devices.  I sure wouldn't want to be Tomtom or another stand-alone GPS company now.-Exchange access: I laughed when a Verizon rep told me this phone would only access my corporate Exchange server if I paid them $15/month.  It accesses Exchange fine.  If you have really funky, strict policies in your company, download the $20 app called Touchdown, to access Exchange in stricter IT environments.  So, that is another $200/year (with tax) in savings.-Physical keyboard and 2 virtual ones: OK, the physical keyboard is getting slammed, but in my opinion, it is not too bad.  Could they have made it better?  Yes.  However, it works fine for my large fingers and I like it.  Having previously owned an iPod Touch, I believe the Droid's virtual keyboard is more accurate and the auto suggest rocks.-No iTunes.  I know some people love this bloatware, but I hate it.  It updates constantly and having to sync your phone or music player to it every time you plug in sucks.  Give me drag and drop any day or use one of the nice media manager apps available for download.  Seriously, iTunes sucks.-It is not Apple.  Yes, Apple offers a very nice user experience.  Agreed fanboys.  Yet you marry yourself to their platform with every iTunes purchase you make.  The Android OS offers you the ability to switch carriers and hardware with ease.By the way, the display on this phone is gorgeous.Buy one today...Verizon finally is a player in the smartphone space.

My husband and I got two Droid this week. This phone is truly incredible, it does everything we need!

I think I will love it, but can't say that yet. The touch screen goes black while talking (battery saving, I'm sure) and no amount of touching will revive it. The power button must be pushed to wake the screen, then you can end the call. If the other person does it first, that works, but talking to my husband who also has a Droid.... neither of us can do it quickly. If a call is coming in, you miss it.My Voyager with verizon was much more responsive, but then, it's a phone! I liked it's keyboard better too, as it was easy to hit the right key. But it's data (including TV) could be frustrating. And my PDA's never measured up in the phone dept.The Droid blows them away in other usage: navigation is great, though difficult to save an address as a favorite. Internet is a breeze compared to Verizon's 'data' phones, though it can be difficult to view pages with a lot of text as it doesn't zoom very much. Apps are easy to download and there are plenty to choose from.But it eats batteries for breakfast and no extended battery was available. And the 'manual' that comes with it reminds me of the accordian recipe packets you get with a bag of flour at the holidays - it's pretty much worthless. If you lead a busy life, prepare to not get full usage until you have time to surf for answers others have found.Bottom line is it's a great little device that will frustrate you until you have time to play - a lot. But if you're looking for an all purpose device with Verizon coverage (not the company, the coverage) - this is it.

This phone is awesome! you can literally do everything with it..I love its apps

I bought my Moto Droid from a well known price club about a month ago, and can honestly say it's the best electronic device I have ever owned!  I have owned at least a dozen cell phones in as many years, including Blackberries and the like, and the Droid beats them all hands down! This phone does so much so well I don't even know where to begin.It's a phone, a texting device, a PDA, a GPS NAV, an MP3 player, a video player and so much more.  I have tethered it to my laptop with great results (even better results when phone is connected to a fast WiFi network vs Verizon's 3G network, but the speeds with 3G are still much faster than dial up).  And the LCD display on this device is incredible.  It puts the iPhone and many other phones to shame.  I have ripped mp4 movies and copied them to the included 16GB micro-sd card to entertain my toddler at lunch time and the picture looks like a high def plasma TV, no exaggeration.And before I forget, the glass on the Moto Droid is "Gorilla Glass" made by Corning and is extremely durable and wear resistant, so no need for a screen protector.  Gorilla Glass can crack (or even shatter) if the phone is dropped and lands just right, but it's basically scratch proof (see Youtube video for droid glass scratch test).  So why do they make screen protectors for the Droid, you ask?  Because a sucker is born every minute.  It's an easy sell to people who don't know any better and have been buying them to protect inferior phone screens for years now.  Ever buy rustproofing for a new car?  It's the biggest and longest running joke in the new car industry, but they still offer it don't they?  Like I said...Getting back to what the Droid can do, there are 10,000+ apps available in the "Market" (built in shortcut on apps page, so very easy to get to) and more are being developed every day.  I currently have 47 apps (some are apps, some are games) of various kinds installed from the market that I like and use on a regular basis (I have installed more than 47 to date, but some apps I tried and didn't like or need and uninstalled not long after installing, and you too will experience this "trial and error" process of finding new apps).  Some of the pre-installed apps are very basic with very few customization options, and you may want to find apps in the Market to replace these.  Others are great right out of the box.  The voice recognition capabilities of this phone are great.  I use the Droid as a NAV unit and search for destinations by voice with great results.Bottom line is the Motorola Droid is one powerful device and you won't be sorry if you decide to buy this phone.  Be prepared to play with it a lot in order to learn as much as you can to get the most out of it.  The more you use it the more you will like it, I promise you.  Motorola and Google did a great job getting this phone right the first time around.  iPhone users can keep their iPhones.  They don't know what they're missing!

This is the phone I have been looking for. It does just about anything any normal person could want it to, and it does it faster than any phone I have seen, including the iPhone.The browser is faster. The one slight negative here is that it uses the mobile site for a couple of news/sports sites. When Droid gets the update to Android 2.1, that should clear up that issue. Media platforms work wonderful. YouTube video is as fast and looks as good as if I am using it on my PC. Not quite as many game apps as iPhone, but still hundreds to choose from.There have been many complaints about the size of the keyboard. That was one thing that I was worried about. Turns out I never use the thing. I never thought I would WANT to use an on-screen keyboard, but this one is so good, I never feel the need to slide the phone open. And, if you decide you would rather have bigger keys, you can download a free app that will help you out.The biggest plus is that its service provider is Verizon. As much as I wanted an iPhone the past couple of years, I could not get myself to switch to AT&T.; This phone made it worth the wait. Have had it for a month. No dropped calls (except when talking to friends with an iPhone and it dropped on their end), no missed texts, very rarely in a spot without 3G service.It's almost perfect. And when it gets the update next month and Flash shortly after that, it WILL be perfect.

pro: bright and shinycons: not a phone, too thick to fit credit card slot of a shredderThe Droid is probably best considered an overweight flash drive with bluetooth.It has no controls worthy of the name.One might fantasize that a stylus could offer an illusion of control,but iPod/iPhone reviews suggest that styluses are effectively incompatible with capacitive touch screens.A phone should have a grip, place to speak and place listen, so zero for three.Fully charged before turning off: two days later the battery was flat.This appears to be related to (and can be repeated by) selecting full power downwhile in airplane mode, then storing in the Verizon holster,which by the way has cutouts which in no way correspond with connectors.We have seen the battery go from fully charged to flat over night in this way.Leaving the Droid in sleep mode, on the other hand, barely discharges the battery.For dependable wireless communications (that is why you chose Verizon, right?),you will need to also carry a real cell phone.  Voice communications arenearly unintelligible, mostly resembling grunts and mumbles.Droid Wi-Fi appears to confuse our NETGEAR WGR614v6;for the initial connection each day we now have to power that wireless router off and onto re-enable 802.11g access for any of our wireless devices.If you are the sort of person who prefers their SLR with a battery gripor appreciates why real typists chose the IBM Executive to Selectric,then move along, nothing to see here.The LCD seems quite nice until your eyes tire of focusing on things no more than 8 inches away.

I got my Droid back in December, when I ditched my iPhone out of frustration with AT&T; and switched to Verizon.  Since then, I've had lots of ups and downs with the phone.  Let me start with the downs.From a hardware perspective, there are a handful of flaws with the Droid.  First is the battery cover on the back of the phone.  Simply put, it's too loose, and easily slides off when you don't want it to.  I've addressed this on my phone simply by putting a piece of tape over it.  Still, it's something that's apparent almost from the moment you get the phone and Motorola should have noticed.Second, perhaps it's simply my phone, but I've had numerous issues with the headphone jack. Bumping or shifting my headphones introduces a lot of static.  At one point, it even rendered the phones ear piece useless without a restart of the phone, but the Andoid 2.1 update seems to have fixed that issue.  Also, the phone behaves oddly when connected to a car stereo system.  If I bump the line-out it automatically starts and stops the Android music player, something that's especially frustrating if you're listening to something else, such as Pandora.My last quibble with the hardware is the keyboard.  I thought it would be nice to have a physical keyboard after using the on-screen one on the iPhone for so long, but the Droid's keyboard is practically worthless.  The keys are impossible to tell apart by feel, and if you have large hands, the top row is practically unreachable, due to their close proximity to the screen.  Additionally, the slide out keyboard means extra moving parts, and after 6 months, my screen is starting to get wobbly.On the software side I've been happier.  That 2.1 update fixed a lot of the issues that I did have.  And while Android's still not perfect, it's getting closer.  I still think the app store is lacking, especially when it comes to games and leisure apps, but it makes up for it with solid apps that make much more use of the hardware than iPhone apps do (eg setting power profiles depending on different states of the phone).The high res screen is nice for browsing, and it renders a lot of web pages at full resolution.  However, I think it may be too much for the Droid's processor, because the phone can be a bit slow, even after the Android 2.1 update.All in all, the Droid's a solid smart-phone, and you could certainly do a lot worse.  But it's not without its share of problems.  If you're in the market for a smart phone on Verizon these days, I'd would recommend looking at something more upscale (such as the HTC Incredible).

This is the worst phone I have had.The voice quality is terrible- it's hardly a phone. The other party cannot hear me.The camera is useless. It takes terrible pictures that are blurry. The focus function does not focus.Service to fix it including that from Verizon is bad. They offer to send a used reconditioned phone even though there are numerous reports of the same problems; I have a service contract; and these problems were present from purchase date. Besides what good is a replacement phone with the same problems ?I am sorry I got this phone ---it's horrible to use

The Droid (A855) is nearly a perfect smartphone.Pros:Build in GPS navigation works great! As good as my Garmin, though the Droid is a lot chattier and it drains power quickly. Make sure you use it with your car charger on.Decent call quality. People have reported echo and distortion with the speakerphone on, though.Awesome, beautiful screenGreat in-phone browserDoes everything you expect from a smartphone (calendar, email, etc.)Good app support (my personal favorite is a simple one called Compass that simply shows you where North is)Comes with a large microSD card, free with the phone.Cons:It's hard to take photos with the camera without hitting part of the screen, especially the back button on the bottom left. This cancels out of camera mode, and it has a long delay to get back into it. This makes taking snap shots rather hard.The screen takes a bit of getting used to. My iPod Touch's screen seems to work better overall, but after a few days I'd gotten used to the Droid's. It tends to click too eagerly when you instead want to drag, meaning you end up navigating to hyperlinks you don't want, or calling random people when you're trying to scroll through your contracts list.It's not a great "phone". You remember when you'd use a phone for calling people? The screen blanks out when you hold it to your face (which is good, it saves power), but it doesn't come back on reliably when you take it away from your face. When you're trying to navigate through a voicemail system, it's really annoying when you can't access your dailpad because the screen stubbornly stays blanked out, no matter how you shake it. (The only solution I've found is to mess with the volume buttons, which automatically turn the screen back on.) It's also much quieter than my old, basic, flip phone. I can't hear when people call me in a restaurant, even with the ringer volume maximized and vibration turned on (which you have to download an app to do). It kind of pisses off my wife.The built-in keyboard is so hard to use, it's useless. Unless you have tiny fingers, you'll probably mis-key about a tenth of your letters. Also, it's very hard to navigate backwards through a long block of text - clicking with your finger on the screen is very unpredictable where it will put the cursor - and after a long delay, at that. Also, the keyboard tends to open up in your pocket, which is really annoying. I'd pick a keyboard-less droid any day.The on-screen keyboard works quite well, but it's combined with a lousy auto-spell correcter. When I want to say "Meh. Let's play civ.", I don't want to send a text saying "Meg, let's play civil." Which happened to me, since I don't usually proofread my edits when I know I keyed them in correctly. Unfortunately, the auto-correcter is necessary to text with any speed, since the apostrophe is buried on the alternative keyboard, and it's much faster to just type "dont" instead of flipping through the secondary menu to get to the ' key.Since this is sounding too negative (though those are all major problems with the phone), I want to finish by saying I love the phone. But I do hope Google/Motorola reads these problems and fixes them. 4 stars until then.

I am really surprised by all the good reviews, to be honest.  My husband's office bought them for everyone, I got one too - they are now looking to change to the iphone once they are not tied to AT &T; (fall?), everyone hates this phone.  Two people went back to their Blackberries.  Since most of the reviews focus on the good things, I'll be the one complaining - here's the bad:The email:~it will pull up a certain amt of emails from your other account (yahoo, gmail, whatever you tell it), but it lists them all as unread - and makes a noise each time which you can deactivate but you would actually want this when you have legitimate new emails.  So it is continuously telling you you have new emails.  It's to the point I never believe it when it is telling me i have new mail.~it will bring up emails you have deleted over and over and over if you have deleted them on your droid but not from your actual email account (yahoo or whatever), and you have to delete them from both, one does not cover the other.  They have an option that should fix this but it does not.~it does not have a spam filter, and so every spam email that would be diverted there on your reg email shows up in your inbox on the droid.~there is no search function in the email~ it will only go so far back in the email and starts over repopulating the email queue every time you restart the phone.  And again will list all the old emails as unread, so you have tons of "new" mail.  There are a certain # of emails it will pull up and if you delete some email it can then fit in more of your old email (does this make sense?) in that list, again listing them as unread.  My phone will ding all damn day if I don't stop it.~ the past week or two it will go for hours and even days w/o getting new email so I have to power it down to get it to get the new emails to show up.The phone part of the phone:~ It uses the same provider we had yet seems much worse, drops calls all the time - which NEVER happened before.~ The speaker is not very good, people have a hard time hearing me and on my end it cuts out all the time.  Need this for when I am on hold, navigating automated answer lines, etc.~ where your ear hits on the phone will sometimes hang it up~ The screen time-out function to save on battery life is irritating when you are using the phone and need to push a button but the screen is blacked out, you have to get it started back up again and I have missed the window more than once for whatever I was supposed to be pushing a button for.  (For example, if I am on hold in the voicemail queue and they say press 1 for whatever, and the screen has blacked out, by the time I get the screen back and get the numbers to show up on the phone, I have missed the question and have to start over.)~ If you don't lock the screen it is extremely easy to dial someone when it's in your pocket, etc.The rest of the phone:~ battery life is not wonderful, I often see it getting towards the yellow "warning" sign late afternoon.~ The keypad takes some getting used to, but that is something you'd have to deal with no matter what phone you get.  The auto-fill is both good and bad, have sent emails with words I did not intend if I don't really pay attention.~ have had some issues with it not "feeling" my fingers on it - will miss calls, etc when I am trying to answer - super irritating~ Does have the ability to zoom in (but not out?!) by moving your fingers to "open up" the document, web page, etc - but it is touch and go on this, usually just gives a bar that has a +/- and you have to click on it, then go back to the area you were want to zoom in on, click again, find the area you wanted to zoom again - it only zooms a little bit each time and keeps moving the part of the page you wanted to see bigger.  This option does not exist at all in email - so some emails are impossible to read on the droid.  This I HATE.~ It continuously turns the screen to the side when I did not move the phone - so goes from portrait to landscape, over and over.  I have to bang on the top or the bottom of the phone to get it to recognize I want it in the portrait mode.The good thing is the ability to use the browser easily, and when it works right, to put a bunch of info into everyone's contact list easily - will automatically add addresses, etc if it has them from somewhere else.  By saying "when it works right", I am referring to the fact that my phone combined the contact info for my Mother-in-Law and a woman I am friends with but often avoid her calls - she is a talker and I rarely have the energy/time to take her calls, prefer to answer her by email.  Well I am now tricked into taking her calls!  Fixing that now.

The good:-Lots of apps and more coming-5 mp camera-great phone sound quality. much better than the iPhone-excellent speaker phone-fast response-google maps turn by turn directions-physical keypad is helpful at timesThe bad:-camera is slow to load and take pix-battery drain is significant...not so bad as to make it impractical to use, but still an issue.  bigger batteries are apparently on the way-its a bit heavy though this doesn't bug me

This is a phone that is made to last.with a thick screen hard to break or crack. Was the first Droid and by far the best. Everything you can do on a lap top this phone is able to do.we have update several times but this is the phone my wife and I stay with. When the battery starts going bad the phone will act funny. Quick fix eBay for $5. You can Alaska find these phones on eBay from $10 and up. If you want a phone you can watch Netflix on, mp3,take great pics Ect... for a great price this phone is for you. Page plus is the service I recommend they run on Verizon towers for $39.95 you get unlimited talk and text and plenty of web. For $55 you can get unlimited talk Tex and web same as Verizon $70 plan for smart phone.for $39.95 the web last us all month but we don't due down loads. I hope this is helpful

I went over to AT&T; about 13 months ago to get the iPhone. I was so excited at the time, thinking the iPhone was the next best thing. It was everything I wanted for a while, until I realized how horrible AT&T;'s service is. Dropped calls, poor service and worse customer service were just some of the problems I encountered. Not only that, but Apple is not the best when it comes to open development of their products and software. We have all heard horror stories about Apple preventing apps from being placed on the market for absolutely stupid reasons. Well, have no worries, because Google and Motorola are hear to save you.I was in New York this past week and while I had full bars in the city, none of my calls would through on my iPhone and the calls that did go through, dropped after a few seconds. Needless to say, it was time to switch. I walked into the Verizon store two days ago and got the Droid. The people couldn't have been nicer. The phone is amazing. Sure, the Android OS is not as polished as the iPhone's OS, but it definitely still gets high marks in my book. There are great apps for the Droid and there are even widgets that you can put on your home screens. The screen is incredible, probably the nicest screen on the market. The phone is fast too and I love that it can run more than one application at a time. Just by holding down the Home button, you can move to one of your most six recent apps.The internet browser is awesome. The phone has the ability to handle multiple browser pages (tabs..sort of) and has incredibly fast load times. Also, Android will be getting Flash support soon (something that Apple has not allowed for the iPhone).This is the best phone I've had yet and it's on the best network. I would highly recommend this to those people who are fed up with AT&T; and Apple, or those Verizon customers who have been waiting for an iPhone worthy competitor.

Personally I think Verizon STINKS outloud!!!! BUT I get a discount through my employer so that is why I keep the service.  My new every two came up in October '09 so I opted for the New Blackberry Storm; what a mistake.  I hated the fact that I had to push down the key to get it to except it, which in turn made typing a complete pain because there was no keyboard to switch over to.  Shortly after I got the Storm the Droid was released and since I was still within my exchange period and wanting to throw my Storm against the wall, I headed to Verizon and switched them.  Bad part is Verizon now charges you $35 for changing your phone even if you are within the change period.  Just another reason on my ever growing list of why I think Verizon stinks.Well now I have the Droid and it is Most Excellent.  The screen it big and very sharp, the colors are great but I wish that there were more themes to choose from, I am only interested in FREE ones so the choices are limited.The touch screen is accurate and responsive, and very easy to use. It took me a little bit of playing with the keys to figure out how to move the icons off the screen but overall it is fairly easy to use.The touch keypad works great and all you need to do is TOUCH the keys; unlike the Storm.  I also like having the option of using the keyboard, however the touch key pad works so well that I rarely use the keyboard.No problem viewing web pages and it is really easy to enlarge the screen and move around to read and see what you need to see.I already had a Gmail account and it was easy to connect my Droid to my Gmail.  Sending and receiving Email works great, no problemsI absolutely love the voice activated search and navigation, I have been out several times and needed directions and just picked up my phone and said "Navigate to..." and next thing I knew my Droid was telling me where to turn.  Excellent.The only downside is that Google maps do not always give the best route.  A minor inconvenience compared to the convenience of not having to type in the information, especially when you are driving, no need to pull off the road to find a store and enter an address.I paired up my Droid with my Plantronice Pro Voyager Headset and the two work great, call quality is good, and I have not had any complaints from people I am speaking with.The 5 megapixel camera has a built-in flash. I have taken a few pictures inside and out, but would rate the camera as fair.  I have a very nice Digital SLR so I do not really expect my phone to take quality pictures.  I have used the camera on the phone to take some pictures of my dogs and of my kid making weird faces and it has been fine for those pictures.  As long as you do not expect much from your camera on your phone then it is fine.One negative for the Droid Camera is the lag time between pictures; once you snap a picture, you have to wait a couple seconds before Droid will let you take another.  I have heard that this lag is common when taking pictures on cell phones but do not recall it being so long on my other phones, the Droid seems to take longer.I have not yet shot any video clips with the Droid, so can't comment on their quality.I am not really pleased with the phone calling feature, not the quality but the ability to access the phone feature.  If you want to make a call you have to push the phone icon and if you hit the back button before you press End Call then your caller could be hanging on the line listening to you having a conversation and you don't even realize the phone is on.  I prefer the send / end buttons on other cell phones.The other feature that I do not really like is the sleep / hibernate mode; if the phone goes into sleep mode, touching the screen does not bring it out, you have to press the on off button or open the keypad.Overall I really, really like the Droid and would recommend it to others.

The Droid has been great, even though it has now been eclipsed by newer, faster phones, but that's always going to happen.  The minutes were more than I wanted, but there is no usable, lower plan.  Verizon service has been great so far.  Getting this on Amazon was a much, much better deal than I could have gotten through Verizon.  I've been able to use my past cell phones for 4-5 years (including a Blackberry 8700), but I think the smartphone era is going to make 2 years tough, at least for a generation or so (of devices, not people).

I've been having this phone for a while now, and have to say that I love it despite its many flaws. Yes, its physical keyboard it's not as good as of Blackberries. And yes, its OS is not as smooth, as Iphone's. But, as a smartphone goes, Droid remains the best phone on the market ! Why ? Here's why:- Descent specs for hardware- Solidly build body- 2.1 Android OS (the only open-source mobile OS on the market)- "Google Experience" phone, means it's a showcase phone for Google with its billions in R&D; (and Google, unlike Apple or Microsoft, not only talk but do the walk when it comes to "Do No Evil")-And above all, the distinguishing factor:  it's the only Android phone of the current crop, on the Verizon carrier, that have a physical keyboard.I wouldn't  even trade it for another Android phone like Droid Incredible or Nexus One, because a physical keyboard is a must, and no virtual keyboard will do it for me ! And I can't understand how people can type on a virtual keyboard, I have to it on my monitor at work, and hate every moment: I feel like walking on the plane ice with my fingers, without the tactile feedback of the keyboard, even when I do actually type ok, I never feel ok typing on any screen. So until I see a faster Android with a physical keyboard, Droid is a keeper.P.S.As a side-note, I wish Verizon provided service options for Droid outside U.S. (ideally a SIM slot for GSM use) I will be traveling in Europe soon, and it would be a pity to not be able to use some of the cool applications, especially the augmented reality one,  while sight-sighting ! In addition Droid's assisted GPS is practically useless in the absence of the cell phone signal, so I can't use that feature either in Europe, even if I download GPS maps internally.

I have had my droid now for close to a month.  To say I love it is an understatement.  I think it is a small computer that just happens to make phone calls too.  This is my first smartphone and it does everything better than I could have imagined.

Motorola and Verizon have a winner in this phone. I have had it a few days and can report that it is a much better phone than my Blackberry Curve and more fun to use. The touch screen is great and crystal clear. Even the touch screen keyboard is nice. I do prefer an actual keyboard but this one does just fine for short messages. For the longer messages, I use the slide out keyboard. I have downloaded a few apps( ie weather, AP News and an Altimeter) and all of them run flawlessly with great graphics. A really fun feature is the Google Voice search. Push the search icon, press the microphone icon and say what it is you want to find ( grocery store, McDonalds, whatever...) and it finds the nearest ones to your location. Press " Get Directions" and it will give you turn by turn instructions. Very cool. I also setup my email, through AOL, to be picked up on this phone and it was very easy to do so I have only had this phone a few days but so far, I am in love. I really think this phone will give the iPhone a good run for the money.

I am very happy with my motorola droid.pros;fast and responsiveandroid interface is ahead of its timegreat speakerfeatures galore such as wifi, full html browser, google maps built in and so much moreplenty of fun appstouch screen and physical keyboard built inamazing camera and overall screen resolutiongoog battery lifecons;slightly on the heavy sidesyncing old contacts required a few extra steps than usualno support for flash and no support for java (not realy avaialable on any other phone though)requires data plan for phone use (with verizon)not to many addons accessories available in the marketyou tube uploads from phone to not work

Democracy in America (and elsewhere) is under threat by corporate domination.  The Supreme Court (through its conservative majority) decided on Jan. 21 to allow giant corporations and other special interests unlimited economic influence in elections.  The power to control information is, in the end, the power to control the future.  The rich and powerful already have too much influence in Washington.  This new rule (supported only by so-called conservatives!)  will give them much much more.What does this have to do with Verizon, and the Droid?Some Verizon products and services are pretty good.  But if you give Verizon your money, you are threatening the future of the United States.  That's because Verizon is a key supporter of the groups that organize the Tea Party movement.Verizon doesn't support this movement because it shares their agenda.  It has a different agenda, one that has something to do with band widths and other tech issues.  It only wants to get certain politicians elected because it wants greater freedom to dominate its markets.  In other words, it's using the Tea Party movement as a private lobby-- exploiting and corrupting its aims.If you want your government to be strong, let Verizon know (through your consumer choices) that you won't tolerate them exploiting urgent American problems as tools for their own corporate ends.

This is my first smart phone.  it is easy to master.  absolutely worth the money.  google calender and astrid apps keep me organized.

Motorola Droid is my first smart phone. So it is a little difficult to do a comprehensive comparison on where the Droid succeeds and where it fails. However, after extensive analysis in terms of specifications, user ratings/reviews, cost analysis, and the arrival of newer smart phones to the Nexus One and iPhone, I have to say that I am happy with the performance of my new smart phone and it is to an extent, smart.Specification wise, the Droid and iPhone are similar with the exception of software. The Nexus One on the other hand has specifications that appear to be for the next generation. However, this does not mean that both the Droid and iPhone are old or slow by any means. My Droid runs quite smoothly and with the release of the Android 2.1 OS, many features (such as pinch to zoom) are very comparable to the iPhone and Nexus One. The one area that the Droid does fall short on is the camera, especially compared to the iPhone. The camera does take a long time to load and take a long time to actually take a picture. Pray that you have a steady hand and plenty of background light otherwise your picture will be a noisy, dark mess. However, if you overcome these conditions, the pictures are quite comparable to the snap and shoot digital camera pictures. Also, the touchscreen is quite sensitive which can make typing a little more difficult, but the sliding keyboard makes up for this in my opinion. Once I got use to the new sliding QWERTY keyboard, typing was easy. The direction pad is okay...do not have much to say about it.In terms of user ratings and reviews, most people have claimed that the Droid is either fantastic piece of mobile machine that does almost everything they want or that it falls short of their expectations. My experience with this phone tells me that this is a fantastic smart phone. Mind you that this is my first smart phone and I only had this for a month. But when I consider what is a good phone and in this case a good smart phone, I want to know that 1) it will function well as a mobile phone, and 2) that it functions well as a smart phone (i.e. allows for smooth internet browsing, streaming, chatting/sms, and applications, etc.). To these criteria, the Droid is a strong competitor to the other smart phones as it actually functions as both rather than a smart device with poor phone aspects or a phone with poor smart features. The only aspect that makes this last comparison more difficult is the fact that none of these smart phones are on the same service...which makes it hard to determine whether it is the phone or the service that causes these expectations to fall short. To sum up, the user ratings/reviews are fairly accurate and the Droid is a great phone.One important factor is cost. If you look on Google, there are others who have done a cost analysis with and without plan of the three phones I mentioned earlier. All quite comparable. So I wanted to take advantage of everything that could reduce cost down. This includes any rebates and discounts provided by the phone seller and/or the service provider. A note to everyone (especially those working in larger companies), check out your service provider to see if you qualify for monthly discounts...it could mean up to 10% or more off each month. Coming back onto topic, I got my Droid because 1) Amazon was having a great deal, and 2) I wanted to take advantage of service discount.Lastly, as I was reviewing and trying to narrow down my selection I kept coming across the introduction of newer and smarter phones that had most of the features I wanted in a smart phone. However, with further research, this became an endless game of "wait, this phone has this, but in half a year another phone is coming out with better features." Hence to avoid this kind of vicious cycle, I made an executive decision. I choose the Droid. Why? Because of everything I mentioned above. The Droid's smooth interface and usability regardless of the slower CPU was a pro. The reviews indicated a great phone with few/minor flaws. The cost was right. And I did not want to constantly wait for newer phones to arrive.KEY POINT: Great phone that actually functions as a phone and as a smart phone. Smooth interface and usability. Could stand further improvements like any other phone.

Switched from a Verizon Blackberry Storm to the Motorola Droid. It's a great phone and for E-mail. Large clear screen and very workable touch screen keyboard.  So far I have not needed to use the slide out keyboard that was one of the features that attracted me to this phone. I like it for these features.My complaint is that the Droid will not sync with Outlook for your contacts.  I have heard there is an AP that will let you do this.  Worse for me, is that the phone does not have the ability to sync with other devises via Bluetooth.  So if you have an in car navigation system, you can not transfer your phone contacts to that system.I recently got a Motorola Motonav system from my second vehicle.  Although both units are made by Motorola they will not sync together.....THIS SUCKS....Motorola needs to upgrade the software on this phone.  So be aware, that although it's a good phone it won't sync via Bluetooth or with Outlook.  BIG MISTAKE by Motorola.  Had I realize the above, I'd likely have gotten a different phone.  Now I'n stuck for my two year contract.

Great UI, best network for no dropped voice calls, great apps.  Would have been the iPhone killer except that the screen wobbles when you type on it, especially hitting the "back" button.  Very annoying.  If you don't believe me, Google "Droid screen wobble" or "wobbly Droid" and you'll see that the issue is so common Verizon will not replace the units.  About half of the units are affected.  I got mine a few days before this review was posted.Of course, if you buy it here like I did, you can't exchange it at a Verizon retail store.  You are stuck putting up with click-click while you type on-screen for the next two years, or deal with the nightmare of mailing it in.Motorola: how about some quality control?  Mine wobbled out of the box.  Some wobble after a few weeks of use.  Some wobble after removing a "protective" case.  Otherwise, nice phone.

This phone is the most amazing phone out there right now...  Great sound quality with Verizon's network in most areas, an amazing screen that is great with youtube (blows away the iphone in picture and sound while watching HQ videos), can multitask in style, and so much more.  However, it does have one glaring deficiency at this time, and not one of the reviews here mentioned it.  When you are asleep at night, your phone will be crank calling your friends and co-workers at 330am...  Yes, you read me right, and no, I'm not kidding.  I bought two Droid phones, one for myself, the other for my wife.  My wife's Droid was calling my cell sometimes without her even being near the phone.  When we checked the outgoing calls log, the call wasn't on the list..  But it happened a few times...  And it was WEIRD!!! She exchanged the Droid for another one, and so far this one isn't phantom calling...  My guess is because she hasn't loaded many apps.  I have a sneaking suspicion that some apps have malware that steals your contacts and will randomly call people.  Last night my Droid returned the favor and called my wife's without either of us being near the phones.  If you people think I'm sounding nuts, please do me a favor and google "phantom calls" and "droid" and read all of the problems other people are having with this phone.  It's a very real phenomenon, and I'd like to see it fixed asap because I do like the phone....  I just can't have it dialing people on my contact list at random....  Now remember, you can't see it on your outgoing call log.  I was with my wife when it happened, otherwise I wouldn't have ever known.  But if you google the words that I gave earlier, you will read HORROR stories about bosses calling back saying, "why in the hell did you call me at 3am last night?!"  Not a good thing...  The Droid is pretty much a mini-computer in my estimation, and I think what we're seeing here is a virus on a pretty big level.  My virus detection that I installed says everything is A-OK, but the Phantom Menace is on the prowl.  Be forewarned.

Before getting this phone I spent a lot of time and effort researching which smart phone I wanted as I had never had one before and didn't want to mess around and get stuck with a phone I hated. I thought about waiting out and maybe getting the Nexus One through Google or perhaps even getting the HTC Eris. In the end though I went with this one.The big seller for me was the slide out keyboard as I text a lot and use the internet a great deal. Yes, the keyboard does add a bit of clunkyness to the phone. Yes, it is completely flat and takes a lot of getting used to, and I sometimes get frustrated with the alt button being right next to the search function. One second I'll be mid next, and the next I'm searching my texts because I pressed the search button and not alt. Like I said, frustrating. But compared to the choice of touchscreen texting and physical texting I prefer the latter. I do use the on screen text function time to time, but only for smaller searches or one word replies.Now when it comes to internet, email, etc. I'm a pretty basic user so I've never had a problem with the droid. The only real problem being that Gmail will randomly decide that it no longer wants to sync my contacts with the phone and I have to power off my phone and turn it back on, which usually fixes the problem. I used to have problems with emails never showing up, my facebook notifications not working, etc. but after spending time on the Android forums I managed to fix this problem pretty easily. The only other real qualm I have with the internet/email is the fact that the browser does not have tabbed browsing, but I'm pretty sure if I did some research I could find a downloadable browser to fix this problem, but I'm kind of lazy and it doesn't really affect my day to day use of the phone.Now a big complaint I keep seeing is battery life. I have no problems whatsoever with its life. I charge it once a day and that is before I go to bed. I use the phone's built in power control widget and keep most items I am not using turned off, such as wifi, bluetooth, etc. I even have it so my screen does not show at maximum brightness. Sure the screen is beautiful when turned up all the way, but to be honest I don't need it set to blinding for it to be effective. I also avoid task killing programs after doing some research about them. It seems a lot of task killers do the exact opposite and help in killing your battery life because most users use them too aggressively. And really, if I was that concerned about a certain app running I could always do a force stop and there ya go, problem solved.Oh and since it is a phone after all, I figure I should perhaps mention the call quality. Crystal clear, at least to me. My last phone was a Env and the call quality on it was horrid. I would have to constantly tell people to repeat themselves and after awhile I just resorted to using speaker phone. With this the sound is crystal clear, though be sure your screen automatically locks when you make phone calls or you'll be pressing buttons and dialing numbers all over the place.All in all I pretty much am in love with this phone. Since getting it my mom has purchased one and several of my friends have also picked up the droid. All of them are pretty impressed with their phones too. I would say if you are on the fence about getting it to just go for it.

Ordering this phone and plan through Amazon saved a lot of money over going to the Verizon Wireless store and buying it there.  The big catch is waiting 181 days to alter or adjust your plan... so be smart about what you want.  Though I believe you can alter the plan up, and not down to avoid the $275 charge.  So bottom line, if you know this is the phone, and plan you want, and it'll last for over 6 months. Do it.  It's a helluva deal.

Tired of getting my phone calls dropped and the "iCan't" mentality of the iPhone OS, I cancelled my contract with AT&T; and stopped by a local Verizon Wireless store to pick one of these bad boys up after being completely enamored by my friend's shiny new Droid. (shamefully, I was too impatient to order it through Amazon for a much cheaper price).I'm impressed, Google & Motorola. Options, Options, Options! So many options! You left nothing to the imagination. Some might say you went overboard! And this is only the Droid OS 2.0!PRO:-Doesn't drop my calls (thanks Verizon)-The screen is big & beautiful. Hands down: the best on the market-Fast, multi-tasking capable, processor and OS-5MP camera, with flash. Video mode shoots 720x480-Removable SDcard, and capable of utilizing SDcards up to 32GB in size.-Syncs with Google account (push). Native "Google-Maps" application with embedded GPS and "Street View"-Well built, sturdy case. Thinnest "slider" phone on the market?-In terms of my typical daily use, the battery lasts longer than my previous iPhone 3G.-Droid's "app-store" is growing rapidly.CON:-I prefer physical keyboards over virtual, but the physical keyboard on the droid is a bit too cramped. I was hoping it would grow on me, but typing can still be a struggle, sometimes. I find myself reverting to the on-screen (virtual) keyboard, for lengthier emails, as it is just as effective as the iPhone's. The jogger dial is a nice convenience, but unnecessary with a touch-screen and I have a feeling that Motorola is going to get rid of it in the next generation of the droid to free up more space for the keyboard. The keys aren't "raised" either, which limits the width of the phone, but contributes to too many typos.-It hasn't happened to me, but I can see why people are having problems with the battery door. It's too easy to remove. I bought a nice case (see below) to remedy this.OTHER:-I wish there were quality headsets available for the Droid, that allowed you to do more than just play/pause/answer/hang-up. I hate pulling the phone out just to skip a song.-I highly recommend the Seidio Innocase case for the Droid. I personally bought the case/holster combo and couldn't be more pleased. It's thin, doesn't add much weight/bulk and it's, IMO, the most attractive case for the droid right now.Seidio Innocase Surface Case for  Motorola Droid (Black)Seidio Innocase Holster Case Combo for  Motorola Droid (Black)

Well I love the 'smart' features of this phone but so far am seeing dropped calls and bad call quality.  The whole reason I switched to this from the iPhone was to get better call quality on the Verizon network.  Not happy right now.Also, they won't let me replace it at the Verizon store because I bought it on Amazon --- and I haven't been able to call Amazon for half a day because of their limited return call center hours.

That was the question for me - should I just wait for Google's phone? I mean, it has nearly twice the processing power (1GHz, vs. 556 MHz). I'll explain below why I went ahead and picked up the Droid. (Likes/Dislikes/Contrast with what others have said/Etc). (Btw, sorry for the long review, but I do think you'll find the information helpful. :) )LIKES:- I LOVE the screen. It's mentioned in the description of the product that it can take DVD quality video - it also displays that video on an incredibly glossy and surprisingly large screen. I don't want to sound melodramatic, but it even feels amazing to the touch. Also, contrasting with my recent HTC Touch, when you make a call, and bring the phone to your cheek, it blanks the screen. That's fantastic because... well, it saves power, which is nice, but more importantly, you don't start making random phone commands because your face is touching the screen! ARGH that used to drive me crazy on the HTC. Not sure if the Eris does this or not, but it was enough to keep me from ever looking at an HTC again.Additionally, when you bring the phone away from your face, the screen on the Droid turns on again, so that you can hang up the phone. Very intuitive, and such a relief! I used to have to manually turn the HTC back on again (it would blank after 60 seconds) and by then, I could never tell if I was hanging up, or what.- Intuitive interface. Without using a manual (and I'm a huge manual reader!) I was able to navigate, check my email, make phone calls, open up the GPS, all within about the first three minutes of having the phone in my possession. The GPS is gorgeous, btw.  I'm still learning things about the phone, as I've only had it for two days. I'll be updating this review at a later date.- Apps. No, it doesn't have 140k apps and 3 billion downloads like the Iphone. But, as mentioned by others, it's not locked down like other Verizon phones. I've worked for a government agency that has been struggling with Verizon for YEARS to get a GPS on their BlackBerries. And now, voila, here it is. I imagine it would take someone with the leverage of Google to insist with Verizon to allow this type of functionality. Also, the Marketplace (where you find apps for the Android OS) is easy to find, navigate and purchase from, if you desire any non-free applications. It's right on your home page, and you'll be downloading and installing apps within seconds.Recommended Apps. There is one called KeyRing, which is free, (with a link to a Youtube video with surprisingly succinct instructions on that beautiful screen!) that holds all those plastic UPC things that various stores want you to carry around with your car keys. The camera takes the picture, identifies the UPC code and gives you the choice of over 650 retailers to choose who the UPC code works with. Very neat!There are also apps to lock down files (I am using one called Hide and Seek). If you want to show off your Droid, you may not want to let kids/friends/family see every last thing on your phone. An app allows you to expand your desktop from three screens to nine. (That's a big desktop! And extremely easy to navigate.)- Keyboard. Okay, I know it's flat, it's small, and may take some getting used to, but it's a friggin keyboard! The new Google phone doesn't have one, neither does the Iphone. I guess I'm just one of those people who have to have the tactile keyboard to type efficiently. The keys (as well as other buttons) are a rather classy looking gold color. The keyboard itself has a very easy to read and intutive layout. I do have to admit that I couldn't find the "?" key for a while. ;) On this keyboard, you don't need a shift or the alt/function button to find it. The /, ?, @ are all standard buttons, requiring no shift or additional keypress.The mouse thingy (for lack of a better term) looks like a fingerprint authentication device on the side of the keyboard. (If you're looking at pictures of the Droid, it's that gold square on the right side of the keyboard.) Also, very easy to use, very handy to have there (beats the heck out of arrow keys on so many other keyboards) and you can press the gold center to select items.- Durability. Also, something I haven't seen mentioned, and perhaps I'm more sensitive to the fact since my last phone was the recently reduced in price HTC Touch Diamond (or Pro). For whatever reason, the last two HTC phones I had (I tried the Ozone for several days as well) both seemed SO FLIMSY. The back (very cheap feeling) covers on the phones would just fly right off. When I'd slide the top on the HTC up to start typing on the keyboard, it was just so slippery. And while I'm on the HTC - that was the first phone I ever had that I would make multiple accidental calls per day. Drove me crazy! More a function of the screen, but still.Well, the Droid just feels tough. I mean, when you slide the top up to reveal the keyboard, it feels like you'd have to really struggle to break it and it snaps in place with an encouraging click. People have commented on the weight, but like others, I feel like I'm carrying around a computer in the palm of my hand; I can handle the extra ounce or two. I even use a belt clip (body glove case) and it works great. Very well balanced on my hip; hasn't fallen off yet.- Sound quality. Fantastic. I had an ENV2 from Verizon in the past, and it actually had stereo speakers which gave great sound. Well, this (over?) two inch bar on the back of the phone delivers surprisingly loud sound. I'm glad for that, since (sorry HTC!) but the HTC Touch Pro - you could barely hear someone on speaker phone. We all know how important that can be while driving without a headset. Also, the 3.5MM jack is convenient.DISLIKES:There are few, since I gave it five stars.- Manual. There isn't one enclosed! It's a good thing it's easy to get going on this phone, as that would have been enough to make me bring it back. I've yet to actually need one, but I'm sure there is a lot of functionality on this phone that I'm still missing.- Phone button. I too wish there had been a hard-wired phone button. Not a big deal, as it's easy to navigate to, and if the phone's ringing, it's right there, but still.- Customizable buttons. There aren't any, that I've found. Externally, you have volume, camera, on/off, home, search, back, and menu. On a BlackBerry, there are several buttons you can define for yourself, which is very handy on a PDA. Allows you to pull up email, your desktop, or whatever you like with one external press of a button. I miss that. Having said that, this isn't a BlackBerry. ;)- No Itunes. Yet. Someone's working on an app already, though. Based on Steve Jobs' recent Google rant, I doubt Apple will make the app, despite it making business sense.- Picture Gallery. Not thrilled with it. There's an app that will hide the folders for you, but as it stands, it's not particularly intuitive on how they organize it as shipped.Contrast with what some others have said:- I mentioned the keyboard. I actually am ecstatic that it has one! Could be better, but sheesh! You should see the size of this thing. It's actually a surprisingly slim phone for what it offers. Frankly, I find the phone to be quite elegant.- The Camera. I like it. 5MP? Yowza. Very easy to use, and faster (though not stand-alone-camera-like) than any other phone I've used.- Google vs. Apple. I haven't read all 100 reviews, but I haven't heard the companies themselves brought up yet. Fact is, Google has a tradition (if you call a ten-something year old company as having traditions) of giving things away for free. Apple does not. I think it's important to note that Apple put the same OS on their new tablet - which gives them a bottleneck for charging for every little bit of content on their device. Essentially, it's a computer set up to be a closed-end device. Google's "marketplace" is almost a misnomer, since so many apps are available for free. As much as Google may be the next "Big Brother" - so far, they give most of their stuff away.- Google vs. Microsoft. One of my beefs with the HTC I just ditched was that it used Windows Mobile 6.1. I thought after seeing my wife's Omnia that I'd love it. BOY was I wrong. It crashed all the time, was slow as mollasses and was the case-book example of being a lot harder to use than other competing OSs, just like Microsoft has been since the days of DOS vs. the Macintosh. (Sorry to geek out, but have been a Microsoft user since 1991ish.)I've already added more applications in two days with the Android OS than I did with 6 months on Windows Mobile. Oh, and I've already updated the Android OS. You can't even go from Windows Mobile 6.1 to 6.5 w/out changing phones. OUCH.ETC:Love how much memory is shipped with this thing. 16GB? WOW.Video looks awesome. Can't wait to try streaming music with Pandora. (Yep, there's an app for that. And programming DirecTV? Yep, there's an app for that too. With apologies to IPhone. ;) )Hey, it's Verizon's network, which is just plain awesome.The Iphone isn't due out on Verizon until Summer, from what I understand, and who knows when Verizon will get Google's phone.I love Gmail and I love the integration (which is to be expected) between Android and Google's apps (like Google Docs, etc). Gmail looks plain awesome on this phone.Long story short: If you were looking for an Iphone with a keyboard, this will do the trick. If you want a great phone that runs the Android OS, this is what you want.To answer the question I posed in the title: No, I don't think it will. Here's why: Motorola has been making phones for a long, long time. I believe Motorola's expertise in the field and their consciousness of features, durability, battery life, touch screen technology, WiFi and all the rest - will simply outshine Google, at least in their first rendition. Keep in mind, even when Apple first put out the Iphone, it was hardly ideal. The 4GB IPhone was discontinued after less than 3 months.Plus, the Google Phone doesn't ship with a QWERTY keyboard. ;)2/9/10 Update:Okay, a few things I've learned. One, the location of the manual. :) Thanks to a commenter, not sure if links are allowed, but look to the first comment reply to this post to find it.Second - the screen that I love so much - well, I went looking for a protector. I'm a big suspicious of them, since I know you lose some sensitivity and have to press harder on a screen to get your phone to do what you want. Well, in Amazon's review section of one of the pricer screen protectors, several commenters mention you don't need one. I tend to agree. It looks better, feels better, and most importantly, do a google search on "Gorilla Glass" and do a Youtube search on "Droid Scratch", etc. There's a video that shows a guy using a key on his screen and it doesn't scratch. This is the same material they use to protect helicopter blades! It's amazing. This phone doesn't cease to amaze me.Third - I discovered voice search! Oh, this is neat. Without "learning" my voice, there's a mic next to the omnipresent Google search bar. So, I pressed the mic button, spoke "Olive Garden" into the phone and voila, it listed Olive Garden and about the 4th link down even had the one that was closest to my location! How amazing is that?! Okay, geeking out a bit, but it was very cool. Also, you can just touch the phone number that's listed right there in the Google search listing. Say goodbye to paying 411 information fees! Nice.Fourth - A couple of neat tricks:--you press and hold an icon to move it around or toss it off your screen again.--You can easily add applications to the keypad and you access them by simultaneously pressing Search and the letter. Several default options are search+B brings up your browser and search+C brings up your contacts.--Pressing and holding your Home button brings up your six most recently used Apps.Fifth - Look out for the new Android 2.1 coming out this week! Will come back with some details. The upgrades so far have been completely painless. Basically just accept the download and it downloads and installs in the background. I believe it requires a reboot.Six - A couple of must-have apps:--dockrunnner - is essentially the app that you use that is the same as having the doc station. Turns your Droid into an extremely serviceable alarm clock. :) With the weather!, and you have a button for turning your gallery into one of those stationary electronic picture frames (like I bought for my wife that cost me 100 bucks, though, admittedly it was about twice the size, but still...) - oh, one word of warning, some people, when they use this app can't "turn it off" and the screen "stays in landscape mode" - it's actually easy to turn off. Hold the home button down to bring up the list of six apps, and then press and hold the dockrunner button to turn it off.--Screen Mode - oh man, I like this app. Essentially, it puts a 3 button bar on your desktop. One for keeping the desktop on all the time without blanking to save energy. Very useful when you have your wife emailing you a shopping list before a snow storm and you need to walk through CVS without having to try to keep the screen on :) Another button makes it so that it sleeps normally, but it removes the annoying unlock button. You can also use the camera button to wake the phone back up. And finally, the last button  that makes it so that when the phone sleeps, it behaves normally (back to the unlock button being there).Seven - found a really, REALLY good community site out there. Again, don't know Amazon's policy on links, but heck, there's even a Verizon support rep who posts there (and that thread has 150 pages of posts since November?!). Just do a Google search on "droid forum". Extremely helpful for help, apps, tips, etc.Can you tell I love this phone? :PMarch 02, 2010 Update -Still loving the phone! Also, referring to the screen protector, etc. above - still no protector, still no scratches. It's not like I throw the phone around or anything, but I DO use a belt clip (still hasn't jumped off my hip with the Body Glove protector) and the phone still looks like it's brand new.A note on battery life. One thing I've done this go round that I've never done with any other phone, is I religiously let the battery die all the way down to nothing. If I'm down to 10% or less (there's an App for that! called appropriately enough "Battery Indicator" - just do a search on the marketplace for it - it's free) - I turn on my screen and let it completely discharge and then start charging again.This is completely anecdotal, but I'd swear that the battery actually lasts longer each time I do that. In the manual, it says to do that "a few times" if you find your battery life getting shorter - but I now go 3-5 days without a charge, despite heavy data usage. If there's one piece of advice I'd give any phone user, it's try to let your phone discharge completely for every charge to get the most out of your battery.Also, I've learned a lot more about Google's phone. It has had a TON of issues, starting with Google's support. Get this - it was initially only via email! No phone support whatsoever, and T-Mobile wasn't supporting the phone either. It also had a number of issues, apparently. Also, Google had initially been charging some ginormous fees if you wanted to return the phone. The FCC even did an inquiry about it - it was a whopping $350 dollars initially. This was in addition to T-Mobile's $200 early cancellation fee! Google has since dropped the price of their equipment return fee to $150 (free if within the first 14 days), but still. From articles I've read, it definitely impacted sales. It also gave me no small measure of re-assurance that I went with the right choice.

This is very exciting that a first release product is at such a high quality level. I have had it for two weeks and can't remember any problems. There are so many free quality applications that I have not bought one yet. Many of the applications written for the HTC G1 work in the Droid. The user interface I love, it is very close to the iTouch, which I have used significantly. Even though the screen is bigger, the Droid is about 1/4 inch more narrow, about the same length, and 1/8 inch deeper than the iTouch. The Droid therefore fits better in my pocket. I believe that my comparisons extends to the iPhone because the iTouch is an iPhone without the phone. I have noted that the iPhone is deeper than the iTouch to make room for the phone. I don't have first hand comparison so cannot mention it here. With the more open software market, we may have a replay of the Apple-IBM PC market, where the PC won due to the open hardware. All those free Goggle apps, specially the maps are worth this phone.

Full disclosure: I work for Google and used the Droid while helping test it when I used to live in the San Francisco bay area (but I don't work for the Android team).The pros:1) screen resolution: the large 854 x 480 pixels screen is really nice to read long emails, articles and some games do a good job of taking advantage of the extra pixels.2) speaker! I never thought I would say this but the Droid speaker is way, way, way better than any other phone speaker I have ever heard. Not the iphone, not the nexus one... no other phone on the market comes close.3) software - iPhone wins UX-wise in my opinion, but for a power-user the Android OS is very difficult to beat. It could do better in terms of discoverability but there a lot of things that make it good for a power-user:* Background processes - twitter, sports scores, blogs, IM, email, etc all refreshed in the background so when I am in a place with slow / no network I still have all the information that I need.* Google Maps! Hands down the BEST geo app on any mobile platform. You have to use the turn-by-turn GPS directions to believe how good they are - and best of all the directions can work in the background. So I can use the droid to listen to music via the aux input in my car and know that Google Maps will tell me when  my exit is coming up.* Google Voice! The software I miss the most in the UK now. The beauty is that even I never remembered the phone number for my droid - along with all my contacts I just treated it as if it had the same number as my GV account. SMS, voicemail, outgoing calls (domestic & intl) - all worked flawlessly. Caveat: you need a data connection to use this seamlessly but Verizon took care of that way better than AT&T; used to on my iPhone, Blackberry and Nexus One.* Widgets - there is nothing like this on the iPhone (surprising given that they have widgets in Mac OS X's dashboard). Funnily, I think that widgets are useless on the Mac but I think they are almost indispensable on a phone.* A2DP bluetooth support - for those of you that like bluetooth headphones (not just headsets but proper stereo headphones).4) Network - Verizon simply kicks AT&T;'s ass.The cons:1) Keyboard layout - I am not a huge fan of physical keyboards but I don't mind them either. But I don't particularly care for the keyboard layout on the droid.2) Camera - compared to the Nexus One the Droid's camera is disappointing.

First, please, don't fall into the trap! Too many people hold a new phone up against the iPhone and automatically start to disqualify a discussion about it because of the term "iPhone killer"Nothing is going to kill the iPhone except the iPhone. Let's move on!This phone is an "iPhone substitute". It's a phone that you can carry around in your pockets and not feel weighted down. It's a phone that you can drop and not fear of seeing a dent. It's a phone that you can watch 16:9 movies on. It's a phone that runs Android 2.0, which is an operating system that is becoming much more user friendly.This phone has the "google experience" attached to it. Using the voice search has been accurate to a large degree. It finds homes and businesses in my small city correctly with only a few hiccups (retail stores being it)The phone looks techie, but, you can smooth it out with the right wallpaper and phone covers. The phone is great for people who like the feel of metal and not plastic. It feels like a light porous brick. If the keyboard wasn't there, it'll probably be the thinnest phone in America.Let's talk about the keyboard. First tries on both the physical and virtual keyboards will result in frustration. Give it a few hours...you'll master it.The Apps...ah, the apps. Slowly, they're pouring in. Of course the iPhone has 100k...they've been around for 3 years! Give the android platform another year and they'll be getting closer.Battery life is amazing. For the past few days I've been constantly on youtube, sportstap (app), browsing, pandora radio, google navigation, and of course checking my gmail....and haven't had the battery die on me yet. Only complaint is when charging, it doesn't specifically tell you how much life is left (ex: 80% instead of 84%)Screen is decent in the sun. Notification bar is a bit hard to pull down if you're a thumbs person but you can get used to it. Running multiple processes is something that a man can love. Ringtones aren't business/professional, but, you can easily upload an .mp3 version of whatever you desire.The best part though about this phone....VERIZON IS BARELY ATTACHED TO IT! Anyone that has had a Verizon phone before knows how they like to push their software on the phone. It's optional downloads right now and VCast isn't even standard yet. Beautiful! Makes it feel like an unlocked phone and not just a toy.The only negatives that are a concern would be the lack of software client for syncing music/movies (you must do it manually...but it does play almost anything) and the back cover of the Droid. Mine is prone to slip off with ease. I have a case on the way though.Overall....I'm a man that has tried a variety of phones - touch and non-touch - and I feel confident stating that you can have this phone and walk up next to an iPhone and not feel ashamed at all. Of course, if you want a beautiful phone with power that everyone has...you might want the iPhone. But, if you want something that is just like it but a different operating system and a physical keyboard...you got your phone!

The Droid really is a great alternative to the iPhone. One of the major complaints my iPhone-using friends have is that their iPhone does not function well just as a phone. I can't say that about the Droid--it really does function well as a phone. The sound is clear and that part of the functionality works well. Next, the screen- I am really impressed with the Droid screen. It is large and really clear. There is an on-screen keyboard but I prefer the pull out keyboard. The keys do seem a bit small and have taken some getting used to. I am not sure how much of that is design flaw or user error. Additionally, the sound is great when playing music or video. The only negative on the video aspect is that several sites will tell me they don't have a flash player for my device. There is always a work around and I am sure this is something Motorola will fix in an update. Next- the camera. I rarely use a camera phone for taking "real" pictures but I have been really pleased with how good the Droid camera is. It takes really good pics- better than any other phone I have had. Finally, the learning curve on this was a breeze! I used the online users guide once or twice to figure out how to set something up but most of it has been really easy to figure out and learn. Additionally, I found this Droid forum very helpful when deciding whether or not to go with the Droid and later for figuring things out:[...].While this isn't exactly about the phone, do take the carriers into consideration. In my area, Verizon's 3G FAR surpasses that of AT&T; and that is something to take into consideration when considering this Droid. Check out the 3G maps in your area with the major carriers. I was with AT&T; but moved to Verizon for the Droid and have been really pleased.Overall, I couldn't recommend it more. I know there are lots of iPhone lovers out there but I am now a Droid lover.

The Driod that i recently got cannot call receive calls, text open apps or surf the web. I could get a better phone from Walmart for five dollars. the touch screen doesn't work the keybord is way to flat if I could give a product a zero  or a negative one I would! It is confusing, slow, chunky, and full of errors. Don't ever get this phone.It is a waste of money

I won't go into all the specs because everyone else has. But coming from the iphone I finally think there is a smartphone good enough to challenge it. I was tired of unreliable calling from AT&T and went back to Verizon. After trying a Palm Pre Plus, it was a good phone but a little small in screen size (although beautiful) and could not hang with tiny keyboard. I exchanged it for the Droid and boy what a difference. I had my iphone jailbroken to customize, etc. The Droid does everything right out of the box! The google apps are awesome, including google voice, navigation (which is totally FREE) and one of my favorites is Google Sky where you can go outside at night and through your GPS location it maps out the names of stars and planets above you, very cool app. The Android Market is like the apps store with Apple except most of the apps are free or cheap, it is not bloated with a million useless apps, and the best part if its a paid app you try it for 24 hours and if you don't like it you uninstall it and are not charged for it, that alone is awesome! I honestly think you cannot go wrong with any Android phone, it's opening up a whole new direction to smartphones. I am thoroughly loving my Droid and am not even looking back. Sold my iphone last week without regret. You will love this phone. And if you are a gadget person, you can do so much with this phone that we could go on for days. So happy I made the decision to try it. I love this phone.

The Droid is a Minicomputer, a GPS, a Camera, a Video Recorder, a music player, oh and a Phone all in one!  It is faster, has a bigger and clearer screen, and is a better phone than anything on the Market that I tested.  It will also have NFL streaming TV soon from Verizon!  One word: AMAZING! Motorola phones are back!

This phone lives up to all the great news!I am not tech savvy and was a little nervous about getting such a "techy" phone.... but it is easy to use and highly advanced!  First of all... DEFINITELY buy from Amazon.  I was also nervous about buying from Amazon because everyone said it is better to buy directly from Verizon... but WRONG!  I bought from Amazon and they offer better tech advice than Verizon does!Here is what Verizon gets wrong:*  They said I cannot download ringtones to my DROID - not true... I downloaded (from the verizon web site) and the first few took a couple hours to come through and after that... they come through in seconds. Press and hold the text message when it comes through and then when asked - press save.  Then go into your ring tones and it will be at the bottom.  The only thing I could not seem to do was save it with a title - so I had to remember them by the number that they auto save as.*  They said that they could not help me set up my corporate email,  They tried to say I had to go through my company IT dept who is closed on the weekends - but I had all of my corporate email info and just kept telling them to "elevate" my call and finally got to someone who handled it in seconds.Also, be sure to [...]  lots of cool info.  But their "store prices" are twice as much as on Amazon... so don't shop there.. just read up there.I gave my husband my GPS system to use because my DROID is better.I gave my husband my IPOD because my DROID is better.I gave my daughter my brand new Blackberry ($300 I paid for that phone) because my DROID is better.I was concerned that email would be difficult because everyone said that blackberry is best.... not true.For work I use my PDA non-stop.  I am on the road constantly so I bought the following accessories:*  Kensington Car Mount - I live in California and went off another users recommendation*  Wired ear buds for when my bluetooth battery runs down*  Motorola H680 because it has 8 hours of talk time*  Backup battery*  Backup battery charger*  Car Charger*  Rubber case*  Backup desk charger (for my office#Things I love about Verizon:*  Verizon has the best customer service on the planet and I forgot how wonderful that excellent customer service can be!(Had AT&T; and left to go to Sprint for the Simply Everything plan where I could save money.  But HATED Sprints horrible customer service and dropped calls.  It is worth a little more to avoid the constant dropped calls.)*  Verizon has the best cell coverage nationwide and it is definitely worth a few extra bucks a monthThings I love about Amazon:*  I opted to "take a chance" with buying my phone thru Amazon and I am soooo glad I did!  The $49 price tage is much better than the $200 Verizon price!  (as of yesterday the price is now $25 on Amazon)*  Amazon has the best tech advice for the DroidThings I love about my DROID:*  Email is fast and easy and I love it!*  Links all my contacts with those who have facebook so that their facebook picture shows up for all their calls, texts, emails, etc!  Very cool!*  Even typing with my nails is easy - I use the edge of my thumb pad and it is spot on!*  Bar code scanner - I travel a lot and love being able to find where to buy something!*  GPS thru google maps is easier to use than the GPS in my car!*  Easiest PDA I have ever usedFor a technically challenged female... this phone is very simple and user friendly!Well gotta sign off... but I will update periodically!

Sold my iPhone 3g I was so satisfied with the Droid.  Much better now that the OS upgraded last week.  I've read bad reviews on the camera, but I think it takes fantastic photos and video..Uploaded video to YouTube with one touch..just like the Flip cam.Now, what will the Nexus One do to the Droid, and do I return this dang thing while I'm still in the 30 day period?  Decisions..Overall, this phone is the best Verizon offers, I've had several conversations with Verizon customer service and they are very helpful and pleasant.  Get a Droid or wait and pay $600 for a Nexus, I just don't know.

This is the first really well functioning cell phone I have every had.  I am convinced that it is more than just the phone service providing the excellent sound quality.  Call quality is great, picture and video are amazing, and the app store has so far supplied me with every extension I've thought up for my phone. The full, physical keyboard was a must for me and while my big fingers do occasionally mis-type things it's not as bad as I thought it would be. The on-screen keyboard isn't terrible either. With the first major  update that was  released, the browser, gallery, and Google maps all now have multi-touch pinch-to-zoom support. The new gallery is great and it also links in my picasa web albums so I have direct access to all my pictures from picasa as well. The best thing about it for me as well is that it links right into all of my google account, which means I can more easily manage my contacts, and I get to take gmail, gtalk, google voice, etc. everywhere I go. Can't say enough great things about this phone. Just went in the last week and got my wife one as well and she's really been enjoying it. I would highly recommend a protective case for Motorola Droid It's a little difficult to install, but made the touchscreen experience much better and keeps smudges off the screen as well. I, like many people, have been interested in an iPhone and almost left Verizon to get one when the DROID came out. I'm so glad I stayed and didn't leave... The DROID the best phone I've ever owned. It's everything I wanted out of the iPhone, but with a swappable battery and none of the apple-tax. This phone is as easy to use as the iPhone, but with all the bells and whistles that someone who's more technical could ever want.

Hello All,The positive side of the Droid has been espoused many times already.  I did want to address a few concerns I had.  Even though I only mention the concerns, overall it is an awesome phone.The Verizon network does not allow phone calls and Internet access at the same time (unlike AT&T;).  So if one is trying to look something up during a phone call, it just won't work.  This interferes with the navigation feature also - if one gets off track (make a wrong turn), one can't get a new set of directions until any active phone calls are terminated.  Very inconvenient.I purchased the dash mount kit for the Droid and successfully used the Droid for cross-country navigation.  It did get confused a few times and sent me out of the way.  The biggest concern I had is although one can make calls from the contact list while the Droid is in the dash mount, one can not dial any numbers.  I witnessed a severe accident on a highway and tried to call 9-1-1, but could not.  I had to pull it out of the dash mount before I could dial the emergency number.  Not a good thing as it delays the call and causes a distraction while driving.The touch-screen is a bit too sensitive and I have found no way to regulate the sensitivity level.It does lock up or get confused sometimes, but I don't know if that is a Droid or app problem.The more I use it, the more I discover great hidden features.  There is little documentation for the software, so you just have to try things out.  The more hidden features I found, the more I liked the Droid.Everything else has already been covered in detail so I won't repeat it.Again, the phone overall is awesome and I highly recommend it.

I got my droid a week or two after it first came out and I still love it.I was one of the many Verizon customers who wanted an iPhone, but didn't want to leaves Verizon's coverage (the only carrier with cover where I grew up).  The droid wasn't out when my "new-every-two" was up, and Verizon didn't have any phones worth switching to at the time, so I waited and waited for Verizon to finally get a phone worth upgrading to.  There were a couple times when I almost got a new phone, but decided not to.  Boy, am I glad I held out.There are many reviews and comparisons between the droid an iPhone so I won't go into that here, but I will say this: the droid is better in some ways and the iPhone is better in others, but they are both great phone (actually, more like mini-computers).  Though, I can't *not* mention the beautiful screen of the droid and the GPS navigation. :-)

I love this phone it is great I have had it for several months now and continue to be amazed.

This phone has all the bells and whistles and gadgets...but it is a terrible phone to actually make phone calls. Every call the person complains they cant hear me.....

After trying the Droid in a Verizon store for about 20 minutes, it was very clear that the hardware for this phone is good, the software is below average, and the user interface leaves much to be desired. Simply put, it is no Iphone. If you have an ATT iphone and were considering switching for the wider 3G network, wait till later this year.

This is my first experience with Android OS and I love it. When this phone works right, it is an excellent experience. The marketplace is great because, unlike with the iPhone, most of the apps are free.I've had too many problems with the Motorola Droid though and I'm seriously considering returning it. A few things I don't like, but aren't deal breakers:1) The physical keyboard isn't the easiest to use. The keys are too similar and it's slide out design isn't all that great. I'm constantly accidentally turning the volume up or down or hitting the camera button when sliding it out.2) No animated gif support. What is this 1988? Animated gifs have been a staple on the web for years but this phone doesn't support them anywhere (web browser, gallery, mms, etc.)3) The battery life goes fast if you are doing anything that involves looking at the screen. It's a great display but it sure eats the battery up.4) No pinch zoom in the browser. Double-tap is okay to zoom in, but pinching is more intuitive and would have been a nice addition.5) Every video I have on my computer has needed to be converted before I could put it on the phone. This phone talks up how it supports so many video formats but I found it limiting to the file types it'll actually play.6) Turning it on with the top button is a pain. That button needs to be relocated to a better location and be a little easier to push when holding the phone one handed.7) The volume buttons are too easy to push. It seems like I'm constantly accidentally hitting them.Those are just the minor problems that I could have lived with. The two major problems that are making me seriously consider a return:A) After plugging and unplugging a cord to the aux input, you can no longer hear callers. They can hear you but it's like the phone doesn't realize headphones are no longer plugged in. The only way to fix it is to completely power off and restart the phone.B) The phone has randomly rebooted on me a few times for no apparent reason. This wouldn't be as big of a deal if it didn't take about 2 minutes for the phone to boot up.

Finally, there is a match for iPhone, and that too on Verizon. If  you are a Google guy or gal, this is the phone for you!For years, like lots of other Verizon users, I have lusted after an iPhone. But I am wedded to Verizon - for the best cellular network - coverage and voice quality (I divorced a wife, but not Verizon!). Last year I tried Blackberry Storm and what a dud that was, had to return it and exchange it for Palm Centro. I use an iPod Touch and know how elegant the user interface is and my son had an iPhone: both the network coverage and sound quality stink.For a while I had been debating between getting Motorola Droid or waiting for soon to come HTC Incredible (Verizon replica of Nexus One). Motorola Droid is a heavy phone at 169 gms and I did not find Palm Treo 755p Pocketable at 160 gm weight and 0.84" thickness. After spending some time at Verizon Store with Motorola Droid and HTC Droid Eris, whose dimensions are very similar to soon-to-come HTC Incredible, I decided to get Motorola Droid and give it a try. Droid Eris is really sluggish in comparison. Over the years, I have used four Motorola phones and they always worked well as phones.Am I in love with this phone! I realized that even though Motorola Droid is heavier than Palm Treo 755p, it is really pocketable because it is much thinner (0.55 inches vs 0.84 inches Treo). Motorola Droid is very agile and the apps start instantly. Basically, it is several devices in one: phone, music player, camera, camcorder, GPS, USB drive and an Internet device. Because everything syncs over the air with Google account, you do not need to even connect this phone with a laptop. Motorola Droid can even replace notebook computer for most things. With iPhone, you still need iTunes on the computer. Here are the pros & cons (with special comparison to iPhone).PROS1. Blazing fast.2. Reliable voice & 3G network with good coverage.3. Clear sound, much better than iPhone.4. Feels solid, sturdy with industrial build.5. Gorgeous screen with very sharp resolution.6. Very good speakerphone.7. Haptic feedback.8. Automatic sync (and backup) of contacts & calendar with GMail.9. Search by voice: for example say Pizza Hut and it will show the surrounding Pizza Huts! Great feature. Next Android update 2.1 will let you enter text by speaking anywhere on phone.10. Apps to sync documents with Google Docs11. Tight integration with Google Voice (you do not need paid text package).12. Works as a still & video camera, GPS, music player, USB drive, web device and almost a laptop.13. 5 MP good quality still and video camera with zoom & flash.14. Car window mount turns it into a GPS, and desktop docking station turn the phone into and alarm clock with weather display.15. Feels better in hand than iPhone because it is slightly narrower, longer & thicker.16. Generous 16 Gb micro SD card (works as a USB drive, AFTER you click on USB notification & MOUNT it as USB drive).CONS1. Music synchronization with desktop is not as nice as iPhone. On desktop you can use free DoubleTwist to sync playlists & music. Podcasts can be downloaded over the air with Google Listen. I have not tried audiobooks yet.2. No one touch speed dialing.3. Physical keyboard is almost useless, but onscreen keyboard is very good and better than iPhone.4. Heavy at 169 gums (iPhone is 135 gms)5. User interface is not as slick and polished as iPhone, sometimes you have to go through several steps - for example entering a new appointment on calendar, which I find very annoying.6. No multi touch, pinch & zoom etc.7. Only three home screens.8. No boilerplate text messages (like Palm Centro or Treo).9. No native application for notes but you can download apps that will sync notes with Google Docs (GDoc with Notepad).10. Does not sync natively with desktop applications like Outlook, Mac Calendar, or Mac Contacts and Stickies.11. No built-in voice recorder.12. Lack of enough apps, for example Medscape, Dragon, Voice Recorder etc.13. Lacks physical phone SEND & END buttons.14. Very basic calculator, lacking Memory Store, Memory Recall etc.USEFUL APPS & WIDGETS & SOFTWARE ADD-ONS1. Google Voice: to have voicemails sent to you as text messages, to use free texting and lots of other features.2. Google Finance: for stocks.3. Google Listen: for podcasts.4. Google Docs: to create & edit documents, spreadsheets, etc.5. Google Shopper: take picture of bar code and it will bring you prices from the web.6. Google Goggles: take a picture and do the search on the web.7. Weather Bug: for weather info.8. ASTRO: file manager.9. Assistant: if you use Pageonce.10. GDocs with Notepad: to create memos and notes that sync with Google Docs.11. Dolphin Browser: multitouch browser - but it has some bugs.12. ThinkFree Mobile; to create Microsoft Office compatible docs that will sync with Google Docs.13. Documents to Go: to view Microsoft Office documents, spreadsheets etc. and paid version will let you edit too but ThinkFree is better.14. EasyNote: notepad.15. MobileDefense: will find you phone using GPS and remotely wipe out all data if you lose it - just like iPhone users with MobileMe can do it.16. Scan2PDF: take a picture to create PDF document.17. NPR News: to listen to NPR programs.18. TED Mother: to watch TED videos.19. Locale: will create location specific profiles - say no ringer while in movie theater. This is a paid app. All above are free.20. VoiceRecorder: to record voice memos.21. Epocrates for drug database & look-up.22. Free download of DoubleTwist on desktop (Mac & Windows) to sync playlists and music, but not podcasts & audiobooks.23. Download and install PDANET on BOTH, Droid phone & desktop to use your Droid as a 3G modem when connected with USB cable. Could not get it towork as Bluetooth modem.24. Advanced Task Killer: will close the apps running in background in case it ever becomes slow, which rarely happens.TIPS & TRICKS1. Generous 16 Gb micro SD card works as a USB drive, AFTER you click on USB notification & MOUNT it as USB drive.2. To dial VoiceMail password automatically, go to Settings> Call Settings> VoiceMail Settings> (left bottom button) *#(  > Pause> then return to numbers and add password.3. There is no one touch speed dial, but you can make short cuts for quick dial by pressing and holding on screen> Shortcut > Direct dial > Selecting the number4. To create music playlists, load the music on micro SD card and then start Music > Song or Albums> Press and hold on the song > Add to Playlist.In summary, it is the best 3G handheld internet device I have ever used, as of February 2010. It lacks some essential phone features like physical SEND & END buttons; one touch speed dial for favorite contacts - which I could do even in my Kyocera phone from 1999 - for example press and hold 5 and it will dial the office, etc. But voice quality, 3G connection and network are unmatched.

This has got to be one of the worst phones I ever had. After about a year the screen has a mind of it's own. Phone has never gotten wet or dropped. I will never buy another Motorola phone

I love my Droid. I started with the HTC Droid Eris 3G and I will say it is a very classy, streamlined phone with a look similar to the iphone. The Eris is easy for anyone to use. The layout is nice and it does a lot of what the Droid does. My husband surprised me by giving me the Motorola Droid 3G however and while it took me about a week to get it set up to my preferences, I must say I couldn't be happier with it. It's like my own little laptop. The Droid is a little heavier and boxier than the Eris but its battery life far outlasts the Eris which would die on me in half a day.(I use my smart phone heavily and the Droid can usually make it through the day.) One of the great features that the droid has that the Eris does not is the voice navigation which works through google and you do not need a gps in your car when you have a Droid. I have used it and it has the same onscreen look that other stand alone gps systems use and the voiced directions are essential. I am the type of smart phone user that takes advantage of almost every feature the droid offers. I am a writer and I can download my book from my email or computer. Up-size it so that it reads in larger font (less words on a line is all) and I can edit and save and either dock or email the results back. I also use Pandora on my phone so I have tunes all the time. I can check my bank accounts safely. I text a lot with my kids. (I don't like the slide up keyboard as much as the onscreen for texting but the Droid out-does the Eris with its larger onscreen keyboard. I play games on my cell; Night at the Museum, Prince of Persia, Sims 3,Iron Sight, and Spore are a few and the Droid runs them flawlessly. Another fun feature the droid has that the Eris does not is animated back grounds,the aquarium looks just like the one on windows and cost only 2 dollars from the marketplace. You can feed the fish and when you touch them they swim fast and it has a shark and manta ray so its a fun little app(many apps are free BTW). I use the camera and the droid phone comes with a flash whereas the Eris does not.They both seem to take good quality pictures. The internet is faster on the Droid than the Eris.  You tube works smoothly on both devices, they say both phones do video but the one movie I put on was glichy on both. I think the size might have been to large. I do miss the end and call button that the Eris comes with, the droid has onscreen buttons and calls are terminated when the other person hangs up, but I would have liked those buttons. I only use the physical keyboard when editing in word otherwise I stick with the onscreen one. Both phones use a real basic FB app but you can see posts and mail so its ok. Bluetooth works well on both devices. All in all I highly recommend the Motorola Droid over the Eris, though if you are a light user; internet, calls and a few fun apps the Droid Eris would be just fine.

This phone is amazing.  I won't go into great detail because a few others have covered it well.  Pretty sure that after the OTA update due out in early December I will have no complaints.  Another plus is that if you by chance end up with a defective unit Verizon is great about replacing it.  Not a single problem with mine.  If you have specific questions you may want to check out [...]  great site with tons of useful information for the android pro or beginner.

Let me start with the positive first.  This phone has some really good apps and the large screen makes it a true iPhone killer.  Here is the bad.  Bluetooth voice dialing does not work and Motorola does not seem to care!!! This is a serious safety feature that is a must have in many states.  In NYC, if you are caught using a cell phone while driving without using a hands free device, the violation ticket will set you back $135.  I can't imagine a cell phone which does not support hands-free voice dialing!  Until Motoralo wakes up and puts resources into fixing this product gap, I would suggest people NOT to buy this phone.

Awesome phone. What else can I say? Although I am a tech junkee at heart (and an engineer), I have never owned a smart phone because I have enough to play with already. Moreover, as a rule I don't buy Apple because of the lack of flexibility and monopolization of their products. There are some bugs with the apps and it could possible have some minor ergonomic issues, but for the most part its perfect. I wish they had an application or feature where it was easier to answer a phone call such as a voice command or a double tap on the screen etc. The slide buttons require me to look down which is not so good when you are doing something else. It would also be cool if someone built a phone with a solar trickle charger in the extreme event you had nothing else. Also, the battery time would last much longer which is another small issue. If you are trying to decide whether or not you are going to buy this phone in lieu of something, I would say "BUY IT!". Relatively speaking, the $200.00 it took me to upgrade is not much, but of course you can get it cheaper from here.

UPDATED 5/14/2010 WITH COMPARISON TO NEW HTC DROID INCREDIBLEIf you're considering getting a Droid with Verizon, you should probably also consider the HTC Droid Incredible.  I have one now and can tell you how they compare.  (My wife's new-every-two came up and she kindly took my 6-month-old Droid off my hands so I could use her discount to get an Incredible.  Is that true love or what??)The first difference you notice is that the Droid has a physical slide-out keyboard while the Incredible does not.  This makes the Incredible thinner and lighter (4.6 ounces compared to the Droid's 6 ounces).  The weight difference doesn't look like much on paper, but it feels significant.Other differences:- The Droid's battery lasts a couple hours longer than the stock battery that comes with the Incredible.- The Incredible's MP3 player has better sound quality when using good earphones or plugged into the car stereo.  The Droid's sound quality isn't bad at all, but it's not up to par with the iPhone or iPod touch.  The Incredible's sound quality is similar to iPhone / iPod touch.- The Droid has 3 customizable home screens, the Incredible has 7, plus a cool way to navigate among them by seeing a thumbnail of all 7 at the same time.  (I can't imagine filling up all 7, I've only filled up 2 of the 7.)- Multitouch pinch and zoom is implemented better on the Incredible than on the Droid, though the new 2.1 Android software update that all Droids should have now has improved it substantially on the Droid.- The Droid comes with a 16gb micro SD card, the Incredible either comes with none or with a 2gb card (mine came with none, but Verizon sometimes includes one).  However, the Incredible has 8gb of internal flash memory, which is plenty to get started, and you can add a micro SD card later if you want.- The Droid's camera is definitely not below average, and sometimes takes really good pictures.  The Incredible's camera takes better pictures indoors and similar or slightly better pictures outdoors.  The Incredible's camera has 8 megapixels, the Droid's has only 5.  But 5 is as good or better than the vast majority of camera phones, and besides, if you set your camera at the maximum resolution, your pictures will take up more memory.  With any camera, 3 megapixels is plenty enough for most purposes, including getting sharp 4" prints if you want them.- The Droid's speakerphone is a bit louder than the Incredible's.  The difference is not huge, but it's noticeable.- The Droid runs the standard Android operating system, version 2.l.  The Incredible includes that plus includes HTC Sense, which adds a few nice tweaks to the basic Android software.  I don't think the difference is enough to influence most people's purchase decision.- On paper, the Incredible's internal processor is faster than the Droid's.  But I do not notice any difference in performance when running the same apps on both phones side by side.  And the Droid's processor is faster than almost every other smart phone.Overall, both phones are really really excellent, both are very fast, both have huge beautiful displays, and both have tons of great features.  You can't go wrong with either phone.I think the choice for most people will come down to the physical keyboard vs. thinness/weight issue, and possibly the camera if you like using your phone to take a lot of pictures.That's the end of my update.  Here's my original review of the Droid (sorry for the length!):---------------------------------------------------------------I wanted an iPhone bad, and finally gave up waiting for it to come to Verizon.  Got a Droid and am very happy with it.The screen is awesome - bigger than an iPhone's and more dense with pixels, so images are very sharp.  The colors are great, and the screen is nice and bright.  I had a Samsung Rogue for about 10 days.  Everyone raved about the Rogue's screen.  The Droid's screen blows it away.  The touch screen is accurate and responsive, and very intuitive to use.  About as good as the iPhone but much better than every other touchscreen phone I've tried and better than a few cameras with touchscreen controls.The Droid's display is sharp enough and wide enough to view most web pages - including those not specifically formatted for mobile phone browsers.  Because of this screen and because of the way that the Android OS implements the browser, surfing the internet is very easy, intuitive, and pleasant.  Much less horizontal scrolling/panning.  Much better than most phones I've tried, including the Samsung Rogue and Blackberry.  The iPhone's browser is also a pleasure to use, but the Droid's screen is better at displaying full web pages.Email is very well-implemented in the Droid.  I was already a Gmail and Google calendar user before getting my Droid, and the level of integration is amazing, thanks to the Google Android OS.  But any Android phone will also handle most other popular webmail, like hotmail, and also can sync with Microsoft Outlook and similar programs.The Droid's call quality is good, and the speakerphone is loud and clear enough to be useful in most places.  I get slightly better reception with the Droid than with my previous Verizon phones, especially in places with poor network coverage.The Droid's built-in Facebook app is good, but is not as full-featured as the iPhone's FB app, which has been around longer and had more time to be improved.  Yet, the Droid's FB app is as good as or better than FB access I've seen on most smartphones, including Blackberry and especially the new Samsung Rogue.One extremely cool thing is you can easily import the contact info from all your Facebook friends into the Droid's contact manager, including their profile photo, email, phone, birthday, etc.  Then, from your contact list, you can tap on any of their names and with one touch either call, email, or jump to their FB page.  This is very well-implemented and easy to use, and makes the Droid's contact manager highly useful.The Droid has pretty good voice recognition.  I can tap the microphone icon in the upper right corner of the screen and say "Starbucks" and the Droid will show a list of the nearest Starbucks - and then I can pick one and either touch the phone number and Droid will call it, or I can touch the address and Droid will show its location on a map and give me driving directions.Droid like all Android phones has Google maps built in, including satellite view, and Droid can give you directions (from your current location or any location) just like Google maps on a computer.What's more, Droid has built-in GPS functionality and can give spoken directions, just like a Garmin GPS.  I tried it and it works pretty well.Loading music and photos onto the Droid is as easy as dragging and dropping files from your computer to a thumb drive.  Droid's music player is not as refined as iPod/iPhone, but it is easy to use and works great.  If you have an iPod, you probably have lots of music tracks in AAC format.  The Droid will play them no problem, as long as they don't have DRM copy protection (and most don't nowadays).  The Droid also plays MP3 and other formats.The Droid has the standard 3.5" headphone jack so you can use it with any earphones, unlike some phones that have a non-standard jack.  To judge the sound quality, I listened to the same track on the Droid and on an iPhone.  Using $100+ headphones, the sound quality was better on the iPhone, but the difference was harder to notice with cheaper earphones or through my car stereo.  Yet, the Droid's sound quality is as good or better than other music-playing wireless phones, and I've tried quite a few.I have not yet loaded videos on the Droid.  But I have watched streaming video, and it is very smooth, studder-free, and looks really great, best I've ever seen on any phone, including the iPhone and iPod touch.The Droid comes with a 16GB microSD card.  These normally go for 40 to 50 bucks at least, so I'm really grateful that Verizon and Motorola included it with the phone.  It can hold a ton of music, video, and photos.  For comparison, the highest-capacity iPod Nano also has 16gb of storage.Plus, the Droid has internal memory for apps and its own operating system, so your phone will still work in the unlikely event the SD card ever fails. (My Droid worked fine even though the Verizon store guy didn't insert the SD card correctly when he set up my phone and the phone didn't recognize it.  I reinserted it later and all was fine.)The Droid's interface and OS (Android) is not quite as polished as the iPhone's.  But it is still excellent, VERY easy to learn, and very easy to navigate around and use.  Like most phones, the Droid is highly customizable (ringtones, wallpapers, placement of your favorite widgets and icons on your home screens), and the Android OS makes it super easy to do so.The Droid has one-touch access to the Android app market, which has 10,000 apps so far.  I've downloaded a couple dozen.  There are lots of good ones, but overall the Android app market lags the iTunes app store in selection and quality, and specific apps available for both platforms tend to be a little better on the iPhone/iPod touch than on Android.However, the Android app market is much younger than iTunes app store and is growing very quickly.  Until the Droid, there were only a few phones running Android.  That number will at least double over the next few months, and the number of people who use phones running Android will more than double, according to industry projections, because of the increasing quality and selection of Android phones on most major carriers.  All this will fuel even more rapid growth in the Android app market.  But even in its present state, you can find a lot of really useful and fun apps for the Droid, many of which are free.The physical QWERTY keyboard is not as good as it could be.  The keys are flat with no space between them.  Still, I'm not a big texter and I find the keyboard fairly easy and pleasant to use.  I also find the 5-way rocker button on the keyboard to be very useful.  But if I were a big texter, I might not like the keyboard as much.  So, my advice is to go to your local Verizon store and try out their demo unit.The 5 megapixel camera has a built-in LED flash.  I have taken a couple dozen pictures inside and out, and find the photos to be acceptable, good for a camera phone, but nowhere near as good as a dedicated digital camera, and maybe slightly inferior to the iPhone's picture quality.  The flash is better than nothing, but causes the colors to be off.  I have posted 6 pictures I took with the Droid to the "customer images" area so you can see for yourself the quality of photos you get with Droid.  Once you snap a picture, you have to wait a couple seconds before Droid will let you take another; this lag is common on camera phones and cheap digital cameras, but seems slightly worse on the Droid.I have not yet shot any video clips with the Droid, so can't comment on their quality.The Droid is 1.5 to 2 ounces heavier than most other smart phones I've used or tried.  Doesn't sound like much, but you can definitely notice it.  For me, having the bigger screen and keyboard easily justifies the weight, but for some folks, the weight could be an issue.  This is another reason why I wouldn't suggest ordering it online without first seeing it and holding it at your local retailer.Everyone has different tastes, but I think the Droid is not the most stylish phone.  It has kind of a masculine, industrial look to it, which I can tolerate but I'm not crazy about it.  But, it is easy to change the wallpaper, and there are a variety of cases for the Droid - more coming out every week - so you can customize the look any way you want.The only other thing I'm not crazy about is no physical dedicated call button.  To use the phone, you have to press the phone icon on the home screen.  This is a very minor inconvenience, and I got over it pretty quickly.  But it'll bug some people.I really like that the Droid has WiFi, and I've used it to connect to wireless networks at home, work and a Panera cafe.  It's easy and works great.If you've taken the time to read all this, then you're probably interested enough to justify a trip to your local Verizon store or Best Buy and play with their demo unit.  Try the keyboard, try the browser, play around with the pre-installed apps or maps.  Take a picture or video clip.  See how the weight feels in your hand.  I think you'll really like the Droid, especially if you'd been wanting an iPhone but didn't want to leave Verizon to get one.

So glad I chose this over the iPhone.  Also glad that I didn't choose the newer competitor DROID.  This is an outstanding product.  I actually love the physical keyboard and have found the dual processor really speed things up.  This one is going to be the leader for a long time!  Look out competitors, this is a well thought out design.

It's been about four weeks since I got my MOTOROLA DROID A855 and so far I'm really loving it. My previous phone was the LG EnV2, so this is my first smart phone.A lot of reviewers have already pointed out some of the pluses and minuses of this phone--and reviewer Ron Cronovich's review hits on most of the stuff you need to know--so I'll try and cover other stuff that hasn't been mentioned.******* BAD ******** BATTERY LIFE = The Droid eats up battery life really fast especially if you keep Wi-Fi & GPS turned on, but that's to be expected. I turned off the Wi-Fi and it seemed to hold the battery charge longer, but I'm still charging it up every other day or so. This is with talking on the phone for a couple of hours per day, checking email, surfing the web, and playing a quick game or two of "Connect Four," not to mention that my previous phone spoiled me on battery life (EnV2 would last and last), so be prepared. And there's no extended battery available for purchase just yet.* VERIZON FEE = Verizon will charge you $30.00 for the unlimited data plan on top of whatever your calling plan costs, which could be a deal breaker for some. And you must buy this plan in order to use the Droid.* CASES & COVERS = There's only some very basic cases and covers available for the Droid, that are sanctioned by Verizon (and they aren't cute at all), but with good reason. Many third-party sellers are selling Droid cases and while they offer a much better selection, some actually interfere with the phone's functioning. I'm sure with time the selection will go up and hopefully designer Paul Frank will get in on the act because I love my "Julius" rubber iPod cover that I bought from Apple. So you can't trick out your phone just yet.* OPERATING MANUAL = No operating manual and the phone is not that intuitive! You have to access the Motorola Droid site and download the instruction manual or you can request that they send you a hard copy.* HEAVY = It's a heavy phone due to the external keyboard which also causes some bulk.* KEYBOARD = I actually don't like the external keyboard, unlike the one on my previous phone, and I do much better inputing text on the virtual keyboard. To me, the keys on the real keyboard are awkward to use.******* GOOD ******** MICRO USB CHARGER = Comes with a USB charging cord, which also comes with the AC head adapter, so you can charge your phone either in your computer or from a power outlet. And since it's the universal MICRO USB, if your previous phone used MICRO USB and you bought a car charger you might still be able to use the same one. Check compatibility on Verizon's store with the model number.* GOOGLE MAIL/CONTACTS/CALENDAR = Some might find this a pain but if you already use Google for email then you're half way done with finishing the set up on your phone. If you don't, no problem, you sign up for a free Google account (you don't have to use it--my primary email is Yahoo!) and Google will keep your contacts, calendars synced up on its server as well as on your phone.* BACKUP ASSISTANT USERS = This phone does away with Verizon's "Backup Assitant," since it does not support that program, so in order to sync your contacts from Backup Assitant, you log in to your account through the website and export your contacts via an Excel file which is ".cvs" and then you can import all of your contacts into the address book on the phone. It sounds more complicated than it is, but the instructions can be found on Verizon's website. It's actually very easy and a snap! BTW, if you have more than one cell phone and number on one account, and each has "Backup Assistant," they'll have to set up a separate login for each phone number (even if you've already done this). My advice is to try your "BA" login that you created before and if you can access your account then you don't need to do that step. Once you've completed this you no longer have to use (or pay) for the "BA" app since Google automatically backs up your contacts on its end.* APPS/APPLICATIONS = The Droid has a lot of features pre-installed i.e. calendar, contacts, wallpaper, ringtones etc., but what it doesn't, you can download for free or for a fee on the Android Marketplace. I've put on a tip calculator, dictionary, missed reminder (which gives you an audible beep that you can set up for x-number of minutes etc., if you miss a call, email, or text message), news apps (USA TODAY, BBC NEWS, NYT, HUFFINGTON POST, WEATHER CHANNEL), all free! So if the Droid doesn't have a feature that you must have, chances are that you'll be able to find it in an app.I think that about covers it. Although the Droid may not be perfect, and some people have had issues with the phone (you can find more info on the Motorola Droid forum), I haven't encountered any of the problems that some people have been reporting. Sure some of the apps like Facebook and others aren't as polished as the ones for iPhone/iPod, but overall I'm happy with my Droid.Even though paying the extra $30.00 a month isn't too thrilling, at least now I don't feel enslaved by Verizon's nickel and dime-ing for everything like ringtones or navigation. With Droid, I can create my own ringtones from MP3's on my computer through an app called "Ringdroid" or get free ringtones from "Mabilo." I can surf the Internet, have Google find me and give me directions, and other cool stuff and not have to worry about paying for subscriptions (except for the $30 a month more, LOL).

I've had my Droid since its November 6, 2009 rollout, and have never regretted getting it.  I had been thinking of an iPhone, Blackberry, or one of the smart Nokias, but was so glad I waited for this.It's a power-hog, for sure, but swapping in a freshly charged battery is easy, and I have chargers in home, office, and car.  I particularly love the integration with Google -- maps, voice, search.  Ditto the way my Contacts integrate with my Facebook friends.  It might not have quite as many apps available as an iPhone (yet!) but come on, how many do you really need and plan to download?  I've found every app I need at the Android app Market, and everything I needed or wanted had at least satisfactory free version.Helpful hints:  at least one downloadable free browser (Dolphin, which features multi-touch pinch-screen sizing) is better than the "stock" browser, and there's at least one free downloadable Facebook app that's notably better than the stock Facebook app included with the phone.  A Firefox mobile browser for Android is reportedly just around the corner, as is Flash.Also keep in mind the great included GPS Navigatgor is only as good as the current Google maps.  It might not pick up recent road changes.  But, it's all free - no maps subscription required.Thinks I don't like:1.  The slide-out keyboard is fair-minus at best.  Glad to have a slide-out, but this iteration needs a serious redesign.  Not conducive to thumb-typing!2.  The initial Verizon docks (multi-media and car navigation) don't accommodate Droids with hard cases installed.  The front cover works OK, but I had to find one with an easy-to-remove back cover, which needs to come off to use the stock docks.  I'd prefer docks that can accommodate Droids with cases.

This phone does have some cool stuff.  It surfs the web and the google maps are fun and useful, but ...This phone does not work with a blue tooth headset for truly hands free operation.  In my old phone I could press the headset button and say "call home".  Not with the droid.  Even when dialing a contact you have to push phone, the push contacts, then push the contact you want, then push "home or work" to dial.  Then you push the blue tooth button.  At 75 mph on a Los Angeles freeway this is not ideal.Although the google maps is pretty cool, it is not as good as a garmin for hands free operation.  The interface just takes more button pushing.  Again at 75 mph, its a drawback.Neither the email or gmail apps work very well.  The email app allows you to use a custom "from" address but does not let you use a signature.  The gmail app allows a signature, but does not allow you to customize a "from" address.  I assumed it would work as well as gmail on a laptop, but it does not.There might be work arounds or fixes to all these issues, but if so, they are far from intuitive.  And the documentation is no help at all.

**04/10/2010 Update Below**Is the Droid a phone?  Computer?  Personal media player?  PDA?  Navigation?  It is all of the aforementioned.  THE killer Verizon smart phone has landed with a resounding kaboom!PROS:- Gorgeous 3.7-inch (480x854) screen- Tight Google application integration- Amazing HTML browser- Microsoft Exchange support- Good 5MP digicam- Surprisingly good camcorder- 802.11b/g Wi-Fi- Google Maps Navigation makes standalone GPS units obsolete- Large selection of free and paid apps available- Slide-out full QWERTY keyboardCONS:- Power hungry device gulps battery life- Touch screen is extremely sensitive- Bluetooth/headset voice dialing unavailable- Heavy (5.9 ounces)- Lacks physical direct dial/end buttons- Physical keyboard could use improvements- Short USB charging cable- Included microSD card is Class 2My two previous phones were the LG Dare and the Blackberry Curve.  Without much research, I walked into a Verizon store on the Droid's launch day and bought the Motorola Droid.  Initial uneasiness turned into sheer joy.  The Droid amazes me at every moment.  Here's why:SCREENThe 3.7-inch, 480x854 resolution touch screen is stellar!  Everything is crystal clear.  I transferred Finding Nemo to it and wow!  When I moved to the Blackberry from the Dare, the large screen real estate is what I missed most.  I compared the screen with a friend's iPhone and we both concluded that the Droid's screen is better.  My only gripe about the screen is that it is extremely sensitive.  I put a snap-on cover on it as well as a screen protector and it has helped immensely.  The snap-on cover surrounds the screen with a little extra space so your fingers don't accidentally touch the screen.  I originally used the Verizon screen protector, but recommend the ZAGG.  The ZAGG feels more "tacky" so when I'm using the screen, I feel I can be more precise when typing or swiping.  As far as I'm aware, there's no setting to modify the screen's sensitivity.KEYBOARDI have a hard time with touch screen keyboards, which is why the slide-out keyboard on the Droid was so important to me initially.  The screen slides up about half way up to reveal the physical keyboard.  The keys are flat, right next to each other, with limited key travel and backlit.  It takes a little while to get used to but I've gotten good at it with practice.  Still, I can type at least twice as fast on my Blackberry Curve.  The touch screen keyboard is actually better than I expected.  After a couple of months of use, I've essentially ignored the physical keyboard in favor of the touchscreen keyboard.  A really nice feature when typing on the touch screen is autocomplete.  For example, if I type "hel", it will list "Hel, he'll, help, held, hello..." then you can just touch the word you want.CALLINGThe Droid has very good signal strength and the call quality is also excellent on both ends.  Speakerphone is adequate as well.  My first annoyance with making calls is that there are no dedicated dial/end buttons.  In order to make a call, you must touch the "Phone" icon and dial the number or sort through contacts.  I did find that you can create direct dial shortcuts on your screen.  This allows you to dial a contact number with one touch of the icon.  I have one of my 3 screens dedicated solely for direct dial shortcuts.  The second annoyance is that you cannot initiate voice dialing via a Bluetooth headset!  If you want to initiate a call, you have to use the phone interface.  This is a major drawback as I always use headset voice dialing to place calls when I'm driving.  You can still answer and end calls with a headset though.GOOGLE INTEGRATIONIf you're already a heavy Google user, Android OS smart phones are almost a necessity.  If you're not yet a heavy Google user, the Droid will assimilate you.  Gmail is such a joy to use I haven't checked my e-mail on my computers since the Droid.  Google Maps is easy and fun to use and includes Latitude.  Google Talk couldn't be simpler and heavy messaging sessions are fatigue-free with the slide-out physical keyboard.  Swiping the chat screen left or right allows you to change chat sessions which lets you to carry on multiple chats with ease! Google Calendar is almost better on the Droid than on an actual browser.HTML BROWSERThe Droid's web browser puts Blackbery's browser to shame, but that's not hard to do.  For kicks, I also installed Opera mini on the Droid and almost immediately uninstalled it.  The Android browser is a superior browser to all others except for possibly Mobile Safari.CAMERAThe Droid has a nice 5MP auto-focus digital camera with flash as well as a 720x480 @ 24fps camcorder.  Both of them perform well.  The still camera's autofocus is buggy however.  When I activate the camera, the area near the lens makes a peculiar noise and the autofocus doesn't always work.  Verizon is preparing an OTA update on 12/10/09 to address this and other bugs/enhancements.  The camcorder is good enough that I'd have no problem leaving my Flip camcorder at home most of the time.  Of course, both the still and video camera falter in low light so keep your real camera and camcorder for those really special events.MUSICI plugged in my Sennheiser HD280Pro headphones and enjoyed listening to my MP3's.  The built-in speaker also sounds pretty good for a phone.  The Droid comes with a 16GB microSD card for storage and supports up to 32GB but is a slow Class 2.  It would have been nice to get at least a Class 4 for faster read/write performance.  To get music onto the Droid, you just drag and drop or you can use a Motorola application called Media Link.  You can also use your MP3's as ringtones.  I would recommend using Audacity to clip a song you like down to 30 seconds or less at 128kbps to save space.802.11b/g Wi-FiThe Droid's Wi-Fi connection is pretty good and I can take it all over my 2-story home and stay connected.  It's also picked up many of my neighbor's wireless networks.  When the phone goes to sleep, it will shut off the Wi-Fi service to save battery power.  Interestingly, the Wi-Fi connection is only nominally faster than using the high speed 3G Verizon network.  Next to the screen, I've found Wi-Fi to be the biggest battery drain.GOOGLE MAPS NAVIGATIONHere's something I did not expect.  The Droid comes with a beta version of Google's turn-by-turn voice navigation application that ties in directly with Google Maps.  Search for a location then have the navi direct you there by voice.  I tried it twice so far and it has been spot on!  What am I going to do with my Garmin now??  For me, this app was the clincher.  Just be sure to connect it to a power source for long trips because the navi will drain the battery mighty quick.MISCYou can quickly browse thousands of Android apps and search for them by name.  Must have apps include Advanced Task Killer, Movies (by Flixster), Pandora, WeatherBug, and Google Voice.  On the down-side, the Droid is quite heavy.  Having come from the Curve, it was very noticeable.  Also, with heavy usage, the battery may not last an entire work day, so carry a charger with you.ACCESSORIESAccessories are still pretty thin for the Droid.  A screen protector and case were a must for me.  I got both from Verizon directly.  I eventually tossed the silicone case from Verizon and picked up the perfect case bySeidio.  Next, I needed a car mount but the Droid windshield mount would not work for me because I use a case and in California, I cannot mount it anywhere but the lower left corner.  I prefer to mount it in the middle so I purchased a generic vent/adhesive mount from Verizon.  I used the adhesive to stick it directly to my dash.  It works fairly well except that when going over anything but smooth terrain, it wobbles a bit.  I may decide to use theBracketron Dash Padin combination withKensington Dash Car Mount for iPhone and iPod.  This will allow me to mount the Droid in the center of my dash and swivel it from portrait to landscape as well as leave space to plug in a car charger.  To complete the auto installation, I bought theKensington Mini Car Charger for Mobile Devices with USB Portand plugged in the short USB cable that came with Droid.  Voila!  A Droid car kit for about $45.SUMMARYI could go on and on about the Droid but Amazon limits my reviews to 1000 or so words.  Even with the minor drawbacks, the Droid is easily the best hand held device I have ever owned.  It replaces so many of my other devices that I can overlook those minor drawbacks and enjoy using it every second of the day.  It is probably the single best technology purchase I have ever made.**UPDATE 12/04/09**I had to exchange my Droid for another one because the case I was using snagged on one of the keys and ripped it right off.  The new replacement Droid has been ROCK SOLID and uptime has been over 2 weeks!  No reboots, no forced app closures.  Maybe it's my imagination, but the battery life seems to be better as I have gone at least 24 hours between chargings, except when I have used the GPS navigation.  I'm still hoping Google provides an update in Android 2.0.1 for Bluetooth voice commands, though I didn't see anything in the changelogs about it.  I believe the OTA update is still due in a week or so.  Also interesting to note is that a version of the Droid WITHOUT the slide out keyboard and a built-in FM tuner is rumored to be coming out, but no word if it'll be available in the US or through Verizon.**UPDATE 12/10/09**I looked at my phone earlier and low and behold, I got a message that a software update was available.  It downloaded and installed in less than 2 minutes and required a reboot.  The first thing I noticed was that the unlock screen was different.  The half circle swipe to unlock has been changed to just a left to right swipe while a right to left swipe will turn the sound on and off.  Also, the font for the clock changed.  Also, I swear there didn't used to be a Verizon Wireless banner on the unlock screen before, but there is now.The big fix for version 2.0.1 was the camera's autofocus.  And what do you know.  It's fixed!  I also noticed that the Power Control widget has gone through a face lift.  I have not noticed any other changes really as I've yet to make a call on it since I only updated it 20 minutes ago.  Call quality was supposed to have been improved as well.  I am bummed they did not add Bluetooth voice dialing, but I didn't expect it anyways.  Maybe another update down the road, please!!**UPDATE 03/30/2010**Official Verizon info on the 2.1 update has finally been released.  Pinch-to-zoom is available in the gallery, browser, and Google maps.  New weather & news widgets.  New voice-to-text entry.  New 3D gallery layout.  Live wallpapers!  Official support for Yahoo! Mail, finally.  Night-mode screen in navigation for easier viewing.  And a few other minor improvements.  Not a bad update.  After a couple of false starts over a couple of months, the latest rollout date is 3/30/10, today.  1000 users will receive the update notice at noon today with another 9000 around midnight.  If all goes well, apparently the remaining users will get it on 4/1/10.**UPDATE 4/10/2010**It was taking forever to get the update on my Droid so I performed a manual update to 2.1.  While I do like it, it wasn't as cool an update as I expected.  My favorite part of the update was the new gallery.  Now, I can view my photos full screen and swipe them to get to the next photo.  Previously, I had to touch a directional arrow in order to navigate and swiping is just so much easier.  The Live wallpapers were uninspiring and also slowed my phone down so I stopped using it.  The weather and news widgets are just ok and I can get the same functionality in other apps so it's not earth shattering by any means.

Before purchasing this phone on Amazon I went to my local Verizon store to test drive the Motorola Droid. I walked into the store 8 days after the phone's release. I did not see one sign, poster or display that indicated that this phone even existed. There was not ONE dummy phone on display in the entire store. This is a large store in a major market!! When I inquired about the Droid I was told they have a functional model in the "back room." There were 10 customers and 2 employees in the store. I left and went to Best Buy. The exact same story. No phones on display and no signage. Nothing!! I live 15 minutes from the Best Buy world headquarters so this is not a Verizon store or Best Buy issue. Note to Google, Motorola and Verizon: If you are going to label a phone an "iPhone Killer" maybe you should have a functional model on display and some signage in the two most important stores selling your product. You can go to Walmart and demo a functional iPhone. Walmart people!!I was able to obtain a functioning model from a Best Buy employee that was stored in a locked cabinet!! I sat down with the phone for 45 minutes to demo it. Due to the nature of my business I have used 3000-7000 cell phone minutes a month for the last 7 years. I receive 100-200 emails a day on my cell phone. In 7 years I have owned and wore out 4 Treos and 3 BlackBerrys. I know what a smart phones does and should do and the Droid does not. With the demands I put on my phone, functionality is absolute paramount but I must comment on the Droid's appearance first because mobile phone design has been taken to a high art in recent years. The overall appearance of this device can only be described as embarrassing. How could the company that created the Razor have produced this device? As you may recall, the Razor was the pinnacle of mobile phone design for it's time. The best way describe the Droid's overall appearance is to compare it to an early 1980's Texas Instruments calculator. The gold accents and the flat black appearance are just awful. Look at a photograph of the keyboard and you will see the gold color of the directional device. Enough said!!As I have previously mentioned, my use of smart phones is comprehensive and significant so I have no problem saying the functionality of this phone is a mess. Yes, there are learning curves and software updates to be had but the most important communication device you own should not take more than 15-45 minutes to obtain an understanding of it's functionality. I taught my wife to use a BlackBerry in 30 minutes. She had never used one and has abandoned ever electronic device I have ever bought her. 5 hours after using this device I am still uncertain what I encountered. The screen lagged at times and was too sensitive at others. The directional device on the keyboard is virtually useless. The keyboard is like something from the previously mentioned 1980's calculator. The keys are flat and smooth with no feedback. The top row of keys can barely be used because your thumbs touch the edge of the device and my hands are tiny. My 12 year son has bigger thumbs. This keyboard is fine for 5-10 emails a day but no business user could send 50-100 emails a day without going insane. Look at a close up photo of the keyboard. It doesn't even look like it could be on a device built in 2009. People have raved about the Droid's on screen keyboard but I found it to be sluggish and inaccurate. Previous reviews have detailed the Droid's email abilities and if you are a heavy email user you should beware. This phone has a long way to go to compete with Blackberry.Additional issues: How could they release this phone without the ability to Sync with Outlook? I know it is possible wirelessly but does it have to be that complicated? No physical phone buttons? It is a 3 step process to hang up a call on this phone. I was very under whelmed by the screen quality and may have been a victim to the "better than iPhone hype" but I just don't see it. I have had my Blackberry Curve 8900 for 11 months and at least once a day I am amazed by the screen. I held the Droid for 45 minutes and I was never once was "wowed" by it's screen. I don't know how long Verizon has exclusive rights to the Droid but I suspect, based on what I have seen, this phone will be heavily discounted and available through other wireless providers in a short period of time. The reason I mention this is that I am a "charter customer" with T-Mobile because I signed up with their service when they first started doing business in the U.S. in the late 90's. This allows me benefits and discounts not available to everyone so it would be a significant step to leave them for Verizon. But, after testing this phone it is highly unlikely that I would purchase one at a steep discount if it became available at T-Mobile let alone switch wireless providers to obtain it.I must say that I am no fan of Apple or the iPhone. The ad campaigns to the masses selling the iPhone and extolling it's ability to "cut and paste" make me want to puke when the first smart phones could do that 7 years ago. Motorola, Verizon and Google had a tremendous ad campaign for the Droid and I wanted to believe it. After all I am their target market. It worked!! I was ready to abandon my Unlimited Plan for $50 at T-Mobile and my Blackberry but the Droid under delivered big time. The geek in me wanted to so bad walk away with this phone. The bottom line is years I ago I would have bought this phone and had a lot of fun playing with it. But today, most people rely on their devices to perform and perform well at a high level and the Droid is not a high performance device. In the meantime I will wear out two more BlackBerrys waiting for the next version of the Droid!!

I love my Motorola Droid phone.  I've been waiting for a non-ATT alternative and it turned out to be even better than an iPhone, according to Time Magazine:"Time magazine has named the Motorola Droid the No. 1 gadget of 2009, besting the iPhone 3GS and calling the handset the first to truly challenge Apple's groundbreaking smartphone."I've had it for a month and am still choosing which applications to load.  This phone has become a very handy tool in practical ways that I never thought of before I got it a month ago.I am an IT professional and I also own a portrait and wedding photography business.  I work 7 days a week and this phone has become indispensible for me.Highly recommend this phone!

Before I proceed to gush about how much I love my Droid, I'm going to give my one caveat to this phone.It's really not a very good phone to actually use as a phone.Now this is fine with me, as I don't actually like talking on the phone and therefore I don't make a whole lot of phone calls. Surprisingly, I've had no problems with the call quality itself (the most common complaint about this phone)--people's voices sound crystal-clear. But when I do use it as a phone, actually holding the phone up to my face has been a bit problematic. There's some sort of distance sensor that detects when it's close to your face and turns the screen off. I have long hair, and apparently this can play havoc with the sensor, because the screen is constantly turning on during calls and then my cheek hits buttons on the screen, causing calls to be muted or disconnected. These aren't issues while using a bluetooth headset. Even when using a bluetooth headset, however, I find that having to hit a separate button to turn on a virtual keypad (for things like "press 1 to speak to customer service") is kind of irritating.Good thing I don't use the phone much.OK, now the awesome things.1.) Full Google Voice integration. I use GV for all calls and texting, and I love that when I make an outgoing call, it prompts me to choose GV or Verizon. And I can text through the GV app or through the native texting app (although I use neither--I use a third party app I downloaded from the Android Market.)2.) The web browser on this thing is gorgeous. I've had friends with iPhones drool over it. I use a third-party browser (again from the AM) that supports tabbed browsing and pinch-and-zoom, and it's wonderful.3.) Apps!! The Android Market has so many neat apps--I find myself using this phone for more and more every day. Personal and work (Microsoft Exchange) email and calendars, note-taking, to-do lists, travel plans, music and podcasts, keeping tabs on my bank and credit card balances, taking and post-processing pictures, emergency flashlight, e-book reader, tuning my guitar... the possibilities are almost endless. Seriously.4.) Google's Android operating system is infinitely more tweakable than Apple's. Unlike the iPhone, the Droid supports multitasking and running programs in the background, and this opens up so many possibilities for what this phone is capable of. For example, google "Locale for Android" and check out that app--it's amazing!5.) I know a lot of people like that it has the built-in keyboard... I actually don't, and it's because I would have had to use a qwerty keyboard that I held off so long on getting a smartphone (this one was my first one.) I can T9 like no one's business, but put me on a tiny qwerty, and I'm down to something ridiculous like 11 words per minute. Fortunately, it's possible to download other virtual keyboards aside from the stock one that the phone comes with. I used a T9 one for a while and wasn't all that impressed (I tried several, actually) but now I use a beta version of Swype (google it if you're not familiar with it) and it rocks. DEFINITELY an improvement over either the physical or virtual keyboard for me.6.) One word: TETHERING. There's a tethering app called PDANet available for free on the Android Market. This means that when I'm traveling within the US,  I can hook my phone to my laptop and get high-speed internet on my laptop through my phone. This has already saved me hundreds of dollars in airport and hotel wifi fees, and as an added benefit, my phone charges while it's tethering! It's win-win. :-)7.) I'm a serious amateur photographer, and I love the camera on this thing. No, it's not perfect, and I'd much rather have my DSLR, but there's an old saying about the best camera being the one you have with you, and even by that adage, this is a better than average cell phone camera. But what really bumps my camera's awesomeness up is the ability to post-process pictures with one of the numerous programs available on the Android Market (I favor PicSay Pro and Vignette, personally.) I've taken a number of pictures where people have been shocked that they're actually cameraphone pics--being able to post-process pictures in the phone quite nicely compensates for common cell phone camera issues like incorrect white balance (when your pictures end up tinted blue or green or something odd like that.) Speaking of Android Market apps, there are a couple that you can download that you can use to create and send postcards straight from your phone using pictures you've taken. It's a bit more pricey than the average tourist postcard, and you don't get the nifty postmark from a different city like you would sending a postcard on vacation, but I can't think of a more personalized postcard than taking a picture of something and sending it to someone. So neat! Which leads me to my next point...8.) This thing is awesome for travel. I already mentioned the tethering thing, so I'm not talking about that. I travel internationally as well as within the US, and while I can't use my cell phone/data plan overseas, I can still use the wifi whenever I find available wifi, a process aided by a free app called WifiScanner, which will display all available wifi networks and their signal strengths, and you can use it to pinpoint where the signal is the strongest. When I can find a wifi connection internationally, I'm able to do most of what I already do with my phone. I can't make calls with it (although I'm looking into the logistics of that) but I can text (through Google Voice), instant message, check email, use the phone's apps, upload pictures, and do anything else I can do with a data connection. Last month I was in Costa Rica, and where I was staying charged for an internet connection. I paid for a week's connection using my phone, since that was the most convenient to use most of the time, but when I wanted to use my laptop, I just tethered through my phone rather than paying for a separate connection for my laptop. Wonderful! I've also done this on airline flights that have for-fee wifi, since if I just want to check my email or send a text, it's easier (and uses less battery) to do so than having to get out and fire up my laptop.All in all, I really really love this phone. I probably should dock a star from my review for the fact that using it to actually make calls is somewhat problematic, but since (like I said) I don't really use it for making calls, that's not a big deal for me.Now if only this came with a dual CDMA-GSM option so that I could put in a SIM card and use it for voice and data overseas... Hey, a geeky gal like me can dream, right?

If you are a techie and can handle some fussing with your devices, then this is a great phone.  I love it.  However, it is not as idiot proof as an iPhone.  It is a very powerful computer (something equivalent to a PIII) in a small handset.  To get the most from it, you are going to have to spend some time setting up email accounts and corporate access, or even acquiring other 3rd party programs (for very cheap) to make up what the phone doesn't do out of the box.  So if you just expect it to work, it doesn't.  But it is much much more flexible than an iPhone, you just drag your music to the drive for example.  Apple forces a look, feel, and interface (I hate iTunes) on you that is both easy to use and a straight jacket.

The Motorola Droid is my second smartphone. My first was theHTC Fuzerunning Windows Mobile, and at the time, I was very happy to both get away from Verizon's 'app oppression' as well as their generally poor choice of phones. I've owned two RAZRs (a v3m and a v9m) and were happy with both, so even after the joy of HTC hardware and the disdain for AT&T;'s network, I was rather happy to return to a Motorola phone.There are many important parts surrounding any cell phone purchase. One of the most important, is service. Verizon is currently the only carrier with the Droid in the United States. With that said, they also have some of the best coverage, as everyone by now is well aware of by their ad campaigns - and don't let AT&T; fool you, at least where I live, Verizon is definately superior. And now that Verizon owns Alltel, there is even better CDMA coverage all around, especially where I am. Even though AT&T; had just turned on 3G in my area a few months before I switched, I only had my Fuze for 9 months before dropping it for Verizon. And I was definitely not disappointed.The phone. Many in the technical crowd know Verizon is notorious for locking down their phones, even Blackberries and Windows Mobile phones, locking app support and GPS capability in lieu of their own paid applications. However, the Droid is one of the first phones I can honestly say Verizon hasn't touched - the Marketplace has their own recommended app list, but there's nothing here holding the Droid back. Full application support, open GPS, open marketplace. This makes me happy to say I'm a Verizon customer.On the phone side of the phone, the large display is absolutely beautiful, and more and more applications are supporting the large screen. The lack of call and hangup buttons still throw me off a little, but having the four basic 'buttons' on the screen make it simple and uncomplicated. The keyboard itself is another matter - I'm still a little disappointed with how flat the keyboard is, especially coming from such a wonderful one on the Fuze, but I've gotten used to it. Android has suprised me by how well the onscreen keyboard actually works, and while I can't shed the real one just yet I find myself able to use the onscreen keyboard rather often.Service, 3G speed, and sound quality all excel on this phone. After having four different phones on Verizon I can definitely say this is one of the best I've used. I've never had a problem with my wireless, and contrary to a lot of discussion when the phone came out, Exchange sync works just fine even with the $30/mo. data plan.I've also purchased thecar dock, which brings me to Google Navigation. With my Fuze I used TomTom, which was very nice, despite having a hard time getting a signal with the GPS itself sometimes. However, in the Droid, I've almost always gotten a lock within 30 seconds even while stationary, and almost immediately while moving. Google Navigation has the most stylish design and the ease of use integration of Google Maps, and personally I think just the best looking maps all-around. My only problem with it is it's not for 'hardcore navigationists', that is, I've had it route me down a silly road when there was a better route I know I could take, but there isn't really a way to tell it to take that route. Of course, since it's just an application on the phone, there's no reason Google can't improve this in the future. I also enjoy using this for streaming audio, which works great in the car, or with Bluetooth headphones. I use theMotorola S305 Bluetooth Stereo Headset (Black)which I got from Verizon, and it works extremely well with this phone.I am most definitely happy with my purchase, and it was totally worth the ETF to go from AT&T; to Verizon.

Chose this over the iPhone because of the VZW service and the 5 MP camera.  Overall, I think I made the right choice based on the service alone but the Droid is not at the level of the iPhone yet.  Very disappointed in camera which may have 5 MP but every shot is 2 seconds delayed from taking the actual pic.  I am very technical and a quick adopter but after 2 months am still fat fingering the display keyboard and web links, I think the alignment is off.  Also, phone calls by contact are listed individually, not grouped by person like most other phones, so if you call someone 5 times, there are 5 entries for them and clicking their name does not show you all the times you have called them or vice versa (which I often look at).  Display is great and crystal clear and service is always top notch.

Pros:1. it's Verizon. Signal's strong everywhere I travel to.2. very good GPS with Google Map.Cons:1. WARNING: NOT GOOD FOR EMAILS! It's been a very frustrating experience so far. I get Force Close error messages for almost all my email accts on this phone. First, it's the IMAP acct, then POP, now even my exchange account stopped working. It almost impossible to use this phone for business if you travel a lot because you CAN'T GET EMAILS. And when it worked, it doesn't recognize meeting invite, it sometimes confuses PDF attachment as video and won't open it, and it doesn't save attachment... Compare to this, my old Blackberry about 100 times better with emails. Anther thing: it doesn't work with Mac's Entourage very well, every email I SEND from this phone looks like an empty email when sync to my Entourage.2. compare to iPhone, the UI is not as user friendly.3. speaker sound quality is not as good as it claimed.4. pictures taken from the 5 mp camera doesn't look as good as the ones taken from iPhone.Overall, it's very disappointing. It's not worth the high price (i got it at $199 from Verizon store). There are so many important features don't function properly, it should be released to public after more testing.

This phone is capable of so much. Works at amazing speeds. Tons of apps to make it even better.

All the people that have the I-phone love it. Everyone I know that just got the Droid loves it. As with any electrical device, the Iphone has been out longer so more apps and more time to work out the kinks. The Droid is newer so as more time passes the more apps you can get. Bottom line is, I have too many apps as it is, I mean how many fricken applications do people need. There isn't enough time in the day to use them all. Im am extremely happy with the droid and everything is easy to use with a SUPER fast internet.The biggest difference between the Droid and Iphone that makes the droid hands down the better phone...Verizon service is 10 TIMES BETTER than AT&T.; Way better 3G coverage and overall cellphone service is way better than ATT. There is no substitution for that no matter how many more apps the Iphone users brag about, an app does no good if you aren't getting a signal. I do not like AT&T; service, which is why I think the Droid is the way to go. LOVE IT!My faves...Google Maps, awesome . Google navigation system, awesome. Web browsing, gmail, facebook, are all great features. 5MP camera way better than any phone out. USB sync to WinXP to upload and download pictures. Cool phone bottom line, you WILL NOT be dissappointed

All and all I like the phone.  I have been using it for over one month.  Yesterday I exchanged it for a new replacement (same model), the Droid I was using would lock up without me knowing and all my calls went directly into voice mail.  The only solution was to remove the battery and wait a few seconds before powering back up.  This happened for a third time over a two week period and yesterday I only found out around 11am when I went to check my email accounts.  I'm still willing to give this phone a chance as long as the glitch doesn't reoccur.  Other issue include not being able to create and edit notes/memos similar to outlook and my blackberry.  Also typing is difficult and no spell check is a drawback.  This is a second phone that I use for family and friends and web browsing...so for that it is fine.  My first phone is a blackberry that I use for business and is still a much better tool.  Fun little toy...but I wouldn't rely on it as my primary phone.  Good luck.

The first phone that I have ever owned that I have absolutely NO complaint about.I'm a gadget guy and love to have all the latest stuff, especially my mobile phone because it's with me all day.I have had everything from the Voyager, to the enV, enV Touch, and the iPhone, but this is the first phone that is just truly phenomenal. If you MADE me say something negative about it, the only thing I could think of would be I wish there were more separation between the keys on the slideout keyboard. But that doesnt even bother me; it's just a minor thing since I mainly use the qwerty keyboard anyway.The battery life is great, and you can even switch batteries if you happen to run it down. All of the installed apps are acceptable, but if they're not exactly what you're looking for, you can download thousands from the app store to replace/enhance them.The bottom line is: this phone rocks!

I own both a droid and iphone. I prefer the droid more than my iphone. Droid has much, much better screen, slightly faster 3G service where I live, much better call service and quality on Verizon. Iphone is very cool, too, but not as good overall. I find myself always grabbing for my droid.

It seems inevitable to review the phone without comparing this unit to iPhone. First off I want to say that I am not iPhone owner but my family owns them so I get to play with device a lot. So here we go.Look/Design/Appearance:I like iPhone more with its round corner and friendlier look, it's also lighter. Droid looks industrial but a bit outdated and bulky, although the dimension is about the same considering Droid has physical keyboard.The Winner - iPhoneDisplay:Droid's screen is simply amazing due to much better resolution. Lets just say that I am okay with no pinch-zooming feature (on iPhone) as the detail is already fine as it is, worst case I only need to zoom in once. Text and graphic is much clearer.The Winner - DroidKeyboard:Virtual + physical keyboard = win for me. Yes, the directional pad looks goofy but is still useful when typing. The keyboard itself is not as bad as some people claim to be once you get used to it. In fact I have no problem at all. Each key is not completely flat so you can feel the difference.The Winner - DroidUser Interface:iPhone is easier to learn how to use. It is simple yet effective. There is no dedicated call button on Droid which I prefer. However, I do like notification system on Droid more with a slide-out drawer that you can pull out instead of in-your-face notification.The Winner - iPhone by a littleNavigation (GPS):Droid seems to have more dedicated GPS with turn-by-turn direction and voice recognition (Google Maps duh). iPhone has Apps with turn-by-turn direction but you have to pay for it while this feature comes with Droid.The Winner - DroidProcessor:Video and graphics look better and faster on Droid due to its dedicated graphics processor. iPhones clock rate is higher but does not matter as it lacks a dedicated graphics processor.The Winner - DroidBrowser:iPhone is faster for page loads and web browsing. On both phones, you don't have to wait for full page to load before navigating. Multitouch is a neat feature for zooming on iPhone. For Droid, you have double tap zooming or button for zooming in and out.The Winner - iPhoneCustomizationDroid is more open-source and allows more flexibility. Customization on the iPhone is almost nonexistant with only wallpaper and ringtone change.The Winner - DroidApps:Apple carries much more apps than Google (100,000 vs 10,000). However, quantity does not always equal quality, majority of applications are plain crap or junk. Both do have great applications however. The strength of the Android market to me is its openness. In the end, iPhone has a tremendous lead in term of apps with the product being out for quite some time.The Winner - iPhoneCameraDroid's auto focusing sometimes works, sometimes doesn't. The user interface is more messy on Droid and there is a lag between shot. After taking pictures for comparison, they are both average.The Winner - iPhoneStorage/Memory:Droid comes with 16GB removable and expandable SD card while 3GS has either a fixed 16GB or 32GB. However, Droid can only store 256MB of apps as it runs through internal memory instead of SD. Then again, I am not much into gaming on the phone.The Winner - TieMutitasking:Droid easily win as iPhone can only multitask within Apple apps unless you jailbreak the iPhone. However, this may lead to other problems (virus, warranty etc). Not to mention that Apple is actively trying (and failing) to subvert jailbreaking attempts.The Winner - DroidMobile Standard:CDMA cannot support phone calls + internet browsing at the same time unless there is Wi-Fi connection. GSM networks also dominate the world market.The Winner - AT&T; and thus iPhone.Call qualityThis is a bit subjective as it depends on where you live. One service may get you better coverage than the other. For me I live and travel frequently in Northeast (Washington DC, NYC, Boston, Philly) and Verizon seems to work best. I had AT&T; for several years and I have had lots of dropped calls. The voice/data plan with apple to apple comparison is also cheaper for Verizon.The Winner - Verizon and thus DroidSo far I'm impressed and very pleased with Motorola Droid.

There was life before my Droid and now life after I got my Droid.Amazon had a great deal I ponced on it, and now I have the best phone ever... nough said :^)

This phone is pretty great. I've been waiting for a decent smartphone to hit Verizon, and here we go.THINGS YOU WILL LIKEThe screen is brilliant, and the touch interface is responsive. I expected to want the multitouch (which is disabled in the US on this device) but it's unnecessary here. You can still use it on apps, and on the browser you're not going to need it (you can tap to zoom, but unless you have trouble reading screens, you'll rarely need to zoom in. The resolution is very good, the text is crisp even in the smallest occurrences).Lots of apps. I'm sure the quality and variety have yet to threaten the iPhone's, but I'm impressed with what's available, and for free.Google maps is great. Last night on the walk home from a bar I called up a map of the area, located a pizza shop, hit the dial button on the map, and placed an order I could pick up. I've tested navigation once and it worked flawlessly. Quicker than my girlfriend's two year-old Garmin.Keyboard is okay. I prefer not to use it, and it's thin enough that you don't even notice it's there unless you want to pull it out. (A friend had a different slider that was fat as a cheeseburger, but here the device is very nearly as slim as the Razr.)THINGS YOU WILL DISLIKETakes a while to charge (1-2 hours). Battery life is good, if you can come home to your charger every night. (I get 20-36 hours depending on usage.)No dedicated phone buttons. It's nice being able to back out of the call screen entirely if you want to look at a map or something, but if you want to hang up you still have to bring back the phone screen, touch the button to return to the call, and then hang up.Overall this phone is great. I figured anything I got on Verizon would be a sort of good-enough-for-now alternative to the iPhone, but this device does everything I want and I wouldn't trade it.

I have only owned this Droid phone for two days and already it has exceeded my expectations! I purchased a Blackberry Storm from Verizon back in late 2008. The Storm was a good phone, but it slowed down with each update. And it was really slow when hitting the back button when surfing the net. There were also some apps that I really needed with the Storm, but they never became available or didn't work very well. With the Droid there are so many apps available. I've already used a few of them and I'm happy with how fast they run. I'm also noticing that the Droid has better reception compared to the Storm. I'm getting 3G reception and speed in the same spots I used the Storm which usually only picked up 1G speed. With certainty this Droid has a faster processor as well. Web pages load quickly!I had planned on getting an MP3 player, but the Droid does a great job as an MP3 player. I used my Panasonic noise canceling headphones and the sounds were crisp and clear. The Droid's built in speaker is probably the best sounding cell phone speaker I've heard.Another cool thing is the GPS Google Maps feature. This is FREE! I've only played with it a few times, but it loads quickly. The Droid also interacts with Facebook smoothly. All your friends and family who are in your Facebook list will show up in your contact list on the Droid. This also includes their profile pictures.I've had many cellphones over the years, and this is the first one to make me say "Wow!"Now I can't wait to show off the Droid to my friend who owns an IPhone!

When it comes to a phone that does practically everything, what more do you need....This phone is not only a phone, it serves purpose for soooo many things....I just got the Droid after being with Sprint for 6 years...I love the fact that the phone works so well...Service every where, unlike Sprint....I love the fact that the internet browser on this phone is so quick and accurate...The music player kicks ass, as it comes with a 16gb memory card...You can download all of your music and use this phone as your mp3 player, not only that, the headphone jack is incredibly loud...Unlike other phones where the sound is weak...Dont even get me started on the apps...Iphone has over 100,000 apps has has been around for years now, but watch out as Android has almost 25,000 apps and just launched...most of those from Android are free...Plain and simple I have had the HTC Touch pro 1 & 2 and the HTC Hero, they are all garbage when compared to the Droid...Also everyone that I know that has the iphone loves the phone, but not AT&T...So; long story short, get this phone if you want the best out right now....Plus Verizon is already in talks to bring iphone to Verizon next year...I on the other hand, will stick with Android!!!!!!

The droid really is an amazing piece of technology. I love just about everything about it with the exception of the camera. I didn't expect much from a camera phone but given that it's 5 mega-pixels it should be better than it is. It has trouble with the auto-focus sometimes but I read that it's software related and will be fixed with the next update in Dec.The phone has good quality sound and being Verizon it has great coverage. The learning curve is steep but that is only because of everything that this phone can do (which is a lot). In addition to being a good phone it's a very good media player but what really makes it shine is how it's tied to Google. Voice recognition allows you to avoid using the keyboard most of the time for searches. GPS is built in and it will pinpoint your location on a map and then give you audible directions to your destination so you no longer need a separate GPS device.The screen has twice the resolution of the iPhone and a physical keyboard. The phone seems to be solidly built. It has over 10,000 apps available to it and that is growing everyday. Everything the iPhone can do this will also do eventually. The coolest app I've found Is Google Night Sky; you can point your phone at a star and it will show you exactly what star and constellation you are looking at. Another app will scan bar-codes and then search the product on Google and show you alternative stores and pricing as well as reviews.Summary:The good: Great coverage, quality phone, powerful computer, fast web browser, diverse multimedia device (movies, music, TV, Youtube) and an accurate GPS System.The Bad: Camera is just as crappy as other mobile phone cameras (that could change with software update though)

Many people have already reviewed the tech specs of the droid.I used to own an iPhone until I moved to an area where AT&T; does not exist.The previous reviews are accurate and helpful, I suggest reading them.I will keep my review simple:I like the apps, the selection is good and they download very quickly (iPhone downloads are slow!)The speaker quality is excellent. (I use PandoraOne a lot, and it sounds great)The camera quality is impressive, 5.1 mp, video and still, a zoom function and it has a flash. (improvement over iPhone)The google/gmail sync is very convenient for contacts and calendar.The sync is automatic and does not require a USB connection to a computer. (iPhone does)I love the text to speech function, the GPS included on the phone can talk to me! (iPhone 3G does not have this feature)The charger cord is very very short. (micro USB)The phone is very heavy. This might be a problem in my scrubs pocket - but I'm on vacation right now!I do not like the preloaded ringtones. They are a little too froofroo for me. (pretty minor complaint, no?)

I have to say when I first saw the Droid I thought it was going to be a lame version of the Iphone. I must admit after owning the Droid for a few months I am pleasantly surprised. The look and feel of it is sturdy and a has good feeling of weight to it. But it is sleek and easily fits in my pocket. Syncing ones gmail contacts and information is easy. I haven't had a problem yet. Texting is a pleasure with the qwerty or touch screen. Most of the time I use the touch screen but it is nice to have the keyboard option when typing out an email. Web browsing is easy and fast. Though multitouch would have been welcomed. The speaker is amazing. Much louder and crisper than my wife's Ipod touch and brothers Iphone. Plenty of room for storage and the music player is simple and easy to use.I had high hopes about the camera. LED flash, 5 megapixel.But all of these hopes were murdered when I took my first picture.The camera is very touchy and lags...frequently. I haven't had a dropped cal yet and the 3g works better in this area than the Iphone. I am not saying this is the case everywhere though.Overall great phone. A must buy .

This phone is amazing in every way. easy to use,easy to hold. All around great,easy to install apps,great full internet browser. Amazingly this for what it is capable to do.It takes great pictures and video. The screen is a good size and the quality is like none other.

I, like many people, have been interested in an iPhone and almost left Verizon to get one when the DROID came out.  I'm so glad I stayed and didn't leave...The DROID is positively the best phone I've ever owned.  It's everything I wanted out of the iPhone, but with a swappable battery and none of the apple-tax.  This phone is as easy to use as the iPhone, but with all the bells and whistles that someone who's more technical could ever want.Call quality is great, picture and video are amazing, and the app store has so far supplied me with every extension I've thought up for my phone.  The full, physical keyboard was a must for me and while my big fingers do occasionally mis-type things it's not as bad as I thought it would be.  The on-screen keyboard isn't terrible either.  With the 2.1 update that was just released, the browser, gallery, and Google maps all now have multi-touch pinch-to-zoom support.  The new gallery is great and it also links in my picasa web albums so I have direct access to all my pictures from picasa as well.The best thing about it for me as well is that it links right into all of my google account, which means I can more easily manage my contacts, and I get to take gmail, gtalk, google voice, etc. everywhere I go.Can't say enough great things about this phone.  Just went in the last week and got my wife one as well and she's really been enjoying it.  I would highly recommendZAGG invisibleSHIELD for Motorola Droid (Screen)screen protector for it.  It's a little tricky to install, but made the touchscreen experience much better and keeps smudges off the screen as well.

Still the best on the market for bussiness use with the keyboard and ease of use.

EMAIL:I am very disappointed in this crappy phone. I ditched my blackberry for the droid which was a huge mistake. This phone does not work well with any email accounts other than gmail. I have a yahoo and bellsouth account. The droid notify's you that you have an email only when it wants to (which is not very often.) Most of the time your email doesn't even push through to the droid. The droid also forwards lots and lots of spam from your spam folder on all email accounts even though it blocked on a computer. When you send an email from the droid it often sits in the outgoing mail box for a while before the email is actually sent. This phone also does not forward attachments. There is no alert that tells you that you have a missed call (for example: flashing light.) If there is such a feature it does not work. If you just happend to pick up the phone and unlock the screen there is a small icon that tells you that you missed a call.INTERNET: The internet experience is no where near as fast as verizon advertises. But over all the internet experience is no horrible but is sure isn't great.CAMERA: The camera does not take pictures at all if the area has low light (must be very well lit area.) Once you take the picture it takes a long time for the camera to snap the picture.APPEARANCE: The droid is very clunky and heavy making it awkward to use; although the pull out key board and large screen is a plus.APLICATIONS: Android market is the only place that you can download apps from. The majority of the apps are pointless and useless or just plain defective.Overall: I would not recommend this phone to anyone. This is the WORST so called smart phone that I have ever used. I am going back to blackberry as soon as I get the chance. I seriously think that the majority of the positive reviews are coming from motorola/verizon paid reviewers or non experienced smart phone users.

This phone would be perfect if not for the slide out keyboard.My 700 series Palm keyboard is far superior.They should recall the Droid and replace the keyboard.Other than that, it's a great phone with some excellent aps.

if i buy this product its only $25, right? why is it a 2 year agreement when its not being sold by the Verizon company? i know there will be hidden fees behind this.

I am not going to say anything that hasn't been clearly written in the other reviews. The phone is great. No problems, actually pretty impressed. This is my first smart phone.  My wife's first thought was it was heavy.I wanted to write a note on how the approval/activation process worked when you purchase your phone with the plan from Amazon. You must submit your personal information for approval. As long as you are approved the purchase will go thru and you will get shipping status.When you receive the phone you are to charge it. After it is charged there is a step by step for activation. My phones called the activation line for me. And that was it. At this point the phone is ready for use in accordance to your plan. I am stilling waiting for my first Verizon bill. Not sure how long it takes to get the first bill. Enjoy

The best Verizon phone available as of 4-14-2010.  Runs the Eris and all other models into the ground.  The phone is heavy, and the original backs of the phones were problematic.  That is about the only cons that come to mind.  App development has made a LEAP since I originally purchased the phone on launch date.  Gaming in particular has really come into it's own.  A lot of developers have given their approval, and starting to duplicate if not migrate their apps from the Iphone.  I have 0 regrets in purchasing this phone, and I'm really hard to please.  I am a bit biased as I insist on having a physical keyboard.  Blackberry is nice in the fact you don't have to slide to access the keyboard, but the resolution and functionality more then makes up for it.  This thing does 100x the functions of my old Blackberry.

I received my first Motorola Droid in July of 2010.  Out of the box, I loved the phone.  It had a solid feel without being too heavy, and the slide for the keyboard was without wiggle or shift as many past sliders have been prone to.  The touchscreen was reactive enough for me, although I noticed it seemed markedly LESS sensitive when unlocking the phone (although I suppose that could be placed in the "pros" column... it prevented a lot of pocket dialing.) Vibrant colors lit off the screen,the speaker was nice and loud, and the processor was FAST (please bear in mind that this was last year.)I spent about two weeks in geeky gadget bliss.Now, I've had five (FIVE) ??? of these phones in the past year.  That's four warranty replacements.  Let's run down what happened, shall we?  The first phone lost call quality after about the third week, eventually it became impossible to speak to anyone because they all sounded like the adults from Peanuts.  Wah-wah-wah-wh-wh-whaaaa... Returned the phone after some extensive troubleshooting, no problem.Droid number two began developing keyboard issues almost immediately.  Doouubbllee lleetttteerrss were the catch of the day.  Returned the phone to a very apologetic Verizon.Numbers three, four, and five... same issue.  All within a month of owning the phone.  Either I have the worst luck in the world, or the Droid's keyboard is a consistent failure.  You be the judge.Most recently, I was upgraded to the Motorola Droid X2, because the folks at Verizon were beginning to know me by name.  That's a review for another time.

Best phone Ive ever had. I think this phone blows most other phones out of the water.

I have owned the Motorola DROID A855 Android Phone for almost a year now, and thus far, I love it. It fit all of the criteria I look for when purchasing a phone. It has internet, email, facebook, a solid battery life, and a droid market to explore items to satisfy all of your needs. The Market application provides its users with numerous applications to make ones life easier, as well as provide the user with countless hours of fun with its games.  If you are one who is looking to take pictures and videos with your phone, the Motorola Droid comes with a 5 mega pixel camera with auto focus and flash. It also has a google maps function and navigation application have come in handy numerous times. It is easy to use and easy to understand the directions it provide you with.The most important thing that sets this phone apart from other Droid phones is the slide out keyboard. My girlfriend has the HTC Eres and hates it. The touch screen constantly malfunctions, it drops phone calls, and it is extremely slow. The Motorola Droid has some slight malfunctions when it gets a couple rain drops on the screen, but it is to be expected. As long as you properly take care of the item, you should have no issues with the phone lagging.If you are looking for a smart phone that continues to improve with every update then the Motorola Droid is the phone for you.

I've been a smart phone user for 5 years (Palm) but this device has changed the way I use my phone.  The Google Navigation feature is amazing enough that I've dropped the GPS unit from my wishlist. And so far all of the niches that I've needed an app to fill have been available for free! But before buying you should know that using a BlueTooth headset to voice dial doesn't work yet (though it is the most requested feature on Google's feedback site)... you'll have to touch the screen.

I normally have a phone through the office so I have not had to have a personal phone in years. This has changed recently due to new data plans and the availability of thinks like MSN and Yahoo chat on these phones in addition to internet and other applications. I was going to buy the iPhone, but because of a billing dispute with them over when my contract expired 6 years ago, they wanted an eight hundred dollar deposit. I chose to look at the droid instead. I am sure glad I did.I purchased the Droid in December and have used it for 2 months now.Some of the high points: The screen is amazing. It is amazingly clear and sharp. The app selection is also impressive and nearly everything you could think of needing is already there. From grocery apps, to mileage logging, internet radio, ringtones, workout aides, games, etc. Many are free and the ones that aren't are fairly low priced. The speaker is loud and the phone works well. Gmail and in fact all Google apps sync perfectly and e-mail setup is a breeze. Basically everything that is available through Google on the internet syncs up with the phone. (watch how many contacts instantly import, it's amazing!) Google navigation and maps are free and the GPS works amazingly well. My only compalint about that would be that the scrolling doesn't seem quite as fast as the iPhone. However, the navigation offers traffic problems, photos, and street level views. Who needs another device for navigation when you have the Droid.. AT&T; claims how fast their network is, but my girlfriend has an iPhone and I have a droid and there are areas where she gets no reception and I have no problem. I'll take the droid any time.The low points: The battery life when using the internet for applications such as radio is poor, and if you are sending messages with the screen on, the battery goes even quicker. The phone does tell you how much battery life is used by each app and the screen used approx 85% at last check. The other problem I had for quite some time is getting Yahoo e-mail to sync up. Some days it worked and other days it never did. They may have fixed that problem however as my Yahoo e-mail has worked perfectly for 2 weeks now. The other glaring problem I have is the virtual keyboard size. The screen seems somewhat narrower than an iPhone and so the keyboard on the iPhone is actually a bit larger. For people like me with fat fingers, this does make a big difference. I rarely use the slide out keyboard as the virtual one does work well. In all, these are about the only problems I can think of.Now that I have used the droid for 2 months, I would recommend it to anyone. Also, the fact that Verizon has now reduced the unlimited plan costs, really helps, even if they won't give you a company employee discount on the unlimited plan anymore.

I bought this phone specifically to get Google's new Translate for Animals application.  The application was supposed to allow me to understand my pet's vocalizations.  I downloaded the application, installed it, and used it according to the directions, but I do not believe the application's translations of the cat's meows.  Those translations are krazy!  What a waste of money!

I've had this phone for about two weeks now, and I love it.  There are tons of free apps that make it as entertaining as it is useful, and it's great for media.  The things I don't like are that the physical keyboard is hard to use (the buttons are small and close together; takes getting used to), the features are different than average phones (which has pros and cons.  for example the texting is set up more like an im and isn't as straightforward), and most of all, the battery life is VERY short.  This is a powerful phone, and therefore uses a lot of energy.  I highly suggest investing in at least one extra battery.  Expect to charge it daily.

***7/16/10 Update*****Well, it's been six months with my Droid and here are my observations:In general, the phone has been pretty solid.  It works WONDERFULLY as a phone, which is the primary duty.  Internet and 3G performance are fast and never seem to lack coverage. I've had no problems connecting to several different types of Bluetooth devices.  I took excellent footage at a recent concert, so the cameras (video and still) are pretty good.  The app developers are doing a lot better and I'm starting to see more quality apps emerge on par with the offerings from iTunes (although, the Android Market still has a ways to go).  The difference is that more established developers are cross-developing for both platforms now.  If I had to make a phone purchasing decision all over again today, I'd probably get the Droid X or HTC Incredible (obviously, this Moto Droid is now dated unless they offer it for nothing or next to nothing.  The point is, I'd still choose an Android phone.  More on that later...)It can't all be peaches and cream, so here are some shortcomings I've encountered:Software updates are slow to come.  It's not even so much that they're slow to release so much as slow to release for all Android phones.  Imagine if Microsoft released new versions of Windows based on your computer manufacturer.  Different manufacturers get different dates.  HP gets the latest Windows in January, Dell gets it in March, Acer in September...  That's what it feels like to watch newer Androids or the Nexus (more on that later) get the updates first and the rest of us wait our turn.  I waited forever for Flash 10.1 for Android, only to discover it only works with Android 2.2. And Moto Droid doesn't have it and won't for the foreseeable future.  So much for the so-called "Flash advantage".  This thing digests Flash about as well as an iPhone or iPad right now.There are some glitches that have stuck around for an alarmingly long time.  One of the biggest is the random disappearance of contacts from both my device and online contact list.  A contact (or several) will just randomly disappear from both places.  Other people have complained of this and I've had the problem since first purchasing the phone in February.  I thought it was me until it started recently occurring again. This alone caused me to bump a star off.  I needed to contact someone in a hurry, only to find them deleted from my phone and online contacts.  This could be catastrophic if you're not around a backup contact list.  Another long-lived glitch is the inability to properly clear your tracks in the market.  Every search you ever make in the market is saved, FOREVER.  So if you, or someone fiddling around with your phone, makes a search, the search term remains in the history, with no way to clear it other than a third-party app that I'm reluctant to try.  I can't believe they haven't fixed this yet.  Just imagine if EVERY web search you've ever made was saved, with no way to clear it. All someone had to do was hover over the search field and every search ever made by you appeared.  That would kinda stink of lack of privacy, wouldn't it?  Well, there you go.Battery life seems to have gotten shorter as the apps increased, even regularly using a task killer.Skype, Yahoo, and other apps break when wi-fi is enabled (skype - wi-fi = what's the point?...)I'm also tired of Google being more focused on their own branded Nexus than other Android phones.  It almost seems as if Google only cares about the Nexus and the other Android phones are an afterthought.  I understand The Nexus is their phone and all, but if that's how they choose to treat other phones, then they should have kept their OS to themselves.  They're trying to have their cake and eat it too.So, with all this said, why would I still buy another Android?  Because it's the only option on Verizon right now and I'm hopeful they Google will get their stuff together. Google really needs to quit trying to match iPhone sales with Android devices and focus on tweaking the OS and improving the update system.  My disdain for AT&T; prevents me from ever returning to them, but if Android doesn't get some of these annoying issues resolved in the near future, I'll definitely go my previous iPod Touch/Blackberry/regular phone route again. Yes, it stinks to have to carry so many devices to make sure stuff gets done correctly, but my patience is wearing thin.  On second thought, make that a TWO star drop....**4/16/10 Update**I've had the Android 2.1 update a couple weeks and all my email issues are resolved.  Both IMAP and POP mail configured quickly and easily.  All of my folders now appear and all mail is accessible.  Although I didn't initially have issues with IMAP mail and wi-fi, it eventually reared its ugly head.  Enabling wi-fi results in authentication issues, not only for email but things like Facebook as well.  When you attempt to open these apps, it says you're logged out or have a bad username/password.  Accessing these features over 3G only resolves this.  Now that my ONLY complaint is out of the way, on to the remaining good stuff.  The 2.1 update also introduced some other welcome additions, such as live wallpaper.  Live wallpaper is animated wallpaper that interacts with you.  My current fave is the grassy field that actually corresponds with the actual time of day.  If it's daylight outside, it's daylight on the Droid.  If it's sunset or nighttime, it also shows on the Droid.  It's pretty cool and  very accurate.  Multi-touch like pinch to zoom was also finally introduced to more features like the browser and pictures.  It's not bad, and is certainly welcome, but still has a ways to go and still isn't anywhere near as good as on the iPhone.  Then again, iPhone is on revision 3 and this is only Android 2.1, Droid 1.0.  Besides, it's not like the magnify button is useless.  There's also a new weather/news widget.  Although I still prefer the more detailed Weather Channel widget, it's nice to have a native option.  The picture/video gallery is also improved and sleeker.  I see where Google is attempting to make the Android experience as slick as the iPhone experience.  And even though it's still a work in progress; as an owner of both phones, I still prefer the Droid due to the increased versatility.  There are a few more features included in the 2.1 update that I haven't used yet (such as a new night display mode in GPS), but the features I've had the chance to try so far have been worth the upgrade.  Contrary to some reports, I haven't experienced any slowdown in games.  I own Home Run Battle, Raging Thunder, Jewellust, and many other games.  They seem to play no differently than they did on Android 2.0.1.  I'll keep you posted on any significant findings that I encounter with Android 2.1.** My original review below **Well, I've been playing with my new Droid for a little while now and here are my findings.Email:This was my biggest letdown on the Droid. The Droid works great with Gmail.  However, if you plan to use any other mail service, (like Yahoo, Hotmail, or even POP accounts), get ready for some serious frustration.  I encountered major issues.  It's very telling that there are two separate mail icons, one for Gmail and one for all other mail accounts.  The random problems with web mail (inability to configure accounts, missing sub-folders, mail sometimes not downloading, old mail re-appearing, constant false notifications for non-existent "new" mail...) are well-documented on the web, so I won't go into boring detail.  However, the real surprise was when I confidently thought I'd bypass all these headaches with my POP-enabled "plus" mail account.  I was initially able to configure and download mail.  It didn't display my subfolders (which the iPhone does), and occasionally, mail would stop flowing. To make matters worse, I frequently got new message alerts and a new mail icon despite no new mail arriving.  I did want to be notified of new mail but hated all the false alarms.  My options were limited.  I could either tolerate the false alarms, disable them, or delete the account.  I tired to tolerate the false alarms, but after the umpteenth false alert at 4am, I finally deleted the mail account from my device and settled for accessing all of my email over the web in the Droid's browser (Nothing like paying extra for POP access that you can't use.)  On the plus side, if you use Gmail it will automatically sync all mail, contacts, tasks, etc from Gmail.  It also integrates nicely with your Facebook contacts (if you choose), and will export pictures and other Facebook info to your contacts.  I really wish the Droid worked as well with other accounts as it does with Gmail.  Also, I hope they get on the ball with sub-folders.  Not everyone likes the label manner in which Gmail sorts messages.  Some of us like good old fashioned sub-folders.  Hopefully, the mail issues will be addressed soon in upcoming OS updates.Web Browsing:The browser on the Droid is fast and renders nicely. Although there is no multi-touch feature in the browser (yet), the feature just appeared in the latest revision of Google Maps, so I'm pretty confident it'll show up in the browser sometime soon. It's rumored to be part of the upcoming 2.1 Android update.  The Droid also supports Flash.Communication tools (Texting, Facebook, Mebo, etc):Although I like the iPhone's slick Facebook app just a wee bit better, Facebook on the Droid is a very close second.  There are plenty of good apps available for Twitter, Mebo, etc.  Texting on Droid is great and conversations are presented in a chat style format. A picture of the user will also appear with the text message if you've setup pictures on your contacts.  There is also a built in chat/IM client, but I prefer texting because it essentially looks and acts the same.Phone/Carrier:The bottom line of all these devices is the phone. The Droid does not disappoint.  Coverage is great in my area and clarity of calls is nice and clear. Ringers are loud and the vibrate mode has a nice solid vibration to alert through clothing.  Caller ID will show a caller's photo as well as number.  3G service is fast and readily available.  I notice only a slight difference in speed when switching between wi-fi and 3G, mainly when using things like Google maps (maps re-draw a tad slower on 3G). I played random Youtube videos over both 3G and wi-fi and didn't experience any stuttering or delays in either mode.Operating System/Apps:The Android OS is a powerful operating system.  It is capable of multitasking, which was one of my major gripes with the iPhone.  I hate being forced to quit what I'm doing if I want to do anything else.  The Droid does a good job at memory management and, contrary to popular belief, does not require task killers or app management software.  Most of the time, poorly written apps are to blame for any problems (like apps that hijack the GPS at the wrong time and prevent location services from properly functioning), rather than Android's memory management.  If you're careful about what you install, you'll be fine.  The Droid market is full of nice paid and free apps.  Although it may not currently have  "100,000" available apps, there are still thousands of entertaining and useful apps, including some, (like game console emulators), that can't be found on other more restrictive platforms like the iTunes store. The freedom of the Droid market gives you a much better selection of apps without the need to "jailbreak" (or as they call it in the Android world, "root") your phone and risk voiding your warranty.  App purchases are handled through Google checkout.  There is no option yet for direct billing to your phone bill.Camera:The 5-megapixel camera is okay.  It's a bit (audibly) noisy, laggy, and shows noticeable noise in all but the best of lighting.  It has a built-in LED flash.  The camera will get the job done in a pinch but don't expect it to be a replacement for a regular digicam, even at 5MP.  I'd rather have smaller sharper photos at 3.2MP than larger fuzzy photos at 5MP.  Video recording is not bad, but not exceptionally good either.  Video seems a little better than average phones, but it's not going to compete with a flip or a dedicated pocket video camera any time soon.  There are no built-in photo editing tools to speak of (although there are a couple nice photo apps available in the Android market).  The media gallery is okay, but I don't like the fact that all media is lumped into one central folder, even if you store them separately in different folders.  For example, you could have one folder of pictures named "My public pics" and one folder of pics named "My private pics".  Well, if someone pics up your phone and opens the  "All Pictures" folder, they'll see every pic on the phone. File management apps seem to be the workaround if you want to keep some things private or not readily viewable on the phone.Navigation:This is one of the best features.  The Droid uses Google Maps, which includes turn-by-turn GPS navigation, FREE!  No subscription to navigation service is required.  A side-by-side test with a Garmin proved the Droid to be just as reliable.  The days of punching in addresses are over.  Simply speak the address into the Droid and Google voice search will find it, map it, and even give you a street view photo of it if you choose.  Another good thing is the fact that Google Maps is constantly updated.  Say goodbye to purchasing map updates for your GPS.  And given the fact that all of the data is fed by Google, you can pretty much find any point of interest in existence.  There are a few nice car windshield mounts out there that will automatically place the Droid in navigation mode when the Droid is inserted (This feature is activated by magnets in both the mount and the Droid.  Make sure you read more about that below).  The Droid also has Google Latitude which will show you the location of friends with GPS enabled phones that have Latitude enabled. With Google Maps navigation and Latitude, that's two less services (VZ Navigator and Family Locator) you have to spend money on.  The GPS can also be utilized by apps for everything from localized weather to cool apps that will trigger your phone to do certain things (like launch reminders, go into silent mode, etc) when you enter specific geographic areas.Music:Obviously, the iPhone beats the Droid hands-down in this area.  Honestly, can anything really compete with an iPod turned into a telephone?  The Droid features a so-so music player and standard headphone jack.  Bluetooth headphones will also work.  It does support quite a few formats (including MP3, WAV, AAC, MIDI, OGG, and WMA).  The Droid doesn't support DRM, so you might be in trouble if you have a lot of protected iTunes music.  Music is copied to the Droid through simple drag and drop from your computer (same with any other files you wish to copy to the Droid).  You can either attach the Droid to your PC via the included USB cable or remove the micro-SD card and copy directly to it.  I prefer the cable because the card is located inside the battery compartment under the battery.  That means popping off my case and removing the battery whenever I need to transfer files.  The USB cord is much simpler and faster.  Once on the Droid, music is well organized and you can create playlists etc.  It's like any typcial MP3 player, just not as nice as the iPod/iPhone.  The Droid comes with a 16GB micro-SD card but can support cards up to 32GB.Ergonomics and customization:The Droid is a solidly built phone.  It is a little on the heavy side.  It features a slide-out keyboard, but I find the keys a little cramped with too little tactile feedback.  As a result, I use the on-screen keyboard 99% of the time.  The sliding design makes it a bit difficult to find nice cases for the phone that offer a perfect blend of protection and ease of use. But rule number one when looking for a Droid case is: DO NOT BUY A CASE WITH MAGNETS (sorry for shouting.  Just wanted to make that clear).  As I said above, the navigation mode on the Droid is automatically activated by magnets.  If you place your Droid near magnets (for example, in a case with magnetic closures), it will stay in GPS mode, never sleeping, screen fully lit, and thus very quickly draining the battery.  As old-fashioned as it sounds, velcro or zippers are the way to go.  I opted for a two-piece Seidio fitted case for the body (which fits perfectly), and a Lowepro Volta 30 case for carrying the phone.  They work nicely together and fit comfortably in my front pants pocket.  The Volta is molded from rigid foam, so it offers plenty of protection for the Droid's screen.  I also use screen protectors, although I've seen enough evidence that the Droid's screen is extremely scratch resistant.  One brave chap even made a YouTube video of himself performing a scratch test on his new Droid by vigorously scratching his keys against the glass.  The glass was unscathed but the body lost a little paint.  The Droid has a large bright razor-sharp screen.  The touch screen is very responsive.  The home screen can be customized with different wallpapers, shortcuts, and widgets.  It can can be further customized in many different ways through third party apps and widgets.Conclusion:There are a lot of other features that I didn't touch on, but I've rambled long enough to hopefully give you an idea of my experience with the Droid.  It's still a work in progress but I like the direction so far.  Although I do wish the Droid's email was at least on par with the iPhone (which handles mail accounts and sub-folders with no problems),  I'm optimistic this will be addressed in the near future.  The Droid also has a few other "new kid on the block" warts, which are significantly exposed by the iPhone's polish; but the Droid also has its share of advantages over the iPhone (multitasking, interface customization, app freedom, Flash support, user-replaceable battery, and better file compatibility are a few examples).  I also realize that this is Droid 1.0 vs iPhone 3GS.  I can live with the Droid being the inferior music player,  compared to the iPod, because that was not my primary reason for buying it. However, music playback on the Droid is not bad and it is a realistic option for those who want to consolidate devices.  (Don't worry Apple, I still favor my iPod over all else for that purpose).If they can resolve the email issues and a few other minor annoyances, The Droid would be the perfect phone.  The upcoming Android 2.1 update has me very optimistic that most of my minor gripes will be resolved.  Regardless of the few quirks, the Droid is a ton of fun to use and is almost impossible to put down once you start playing around on it.

I left the Blackberry family when I moved to this phone, and I don't miss it one bit. I was intrigued by the Blackberry Storm being the first touch screen device offered by Blackberry. Was a huge proponent of the Blackberry and loved most everything about it. Now that I have the Droid, I see what I was missing, and am quite glad that I made the switch.Some of the commercials allude to the phone learning what you want to see. You can program this phone to display all the information that you want displayed right there on the screen and not even have to enter into a web browser. This really is turning into a one stop shop for all of my daily surfing needs. It has really minimized the time needed on a computer, and of course lets you manage your mailboxes remotely so you aren't bombarded when you get home in the evening.Using the Blackberry for web browsing is an exercise in futility. There are plenty of reviews out on the interwebs showing the Droid and Storm side by side, the Droid was able to navigate in most cases down three pages deep before the Storm had completed loading the first page. This isn't unique to the Storm, it is the inherent (5 year old) technology used in the Blackberry browser. There are some 3rd party browsers to speed up web browsing on the Blackberry, but they still don't touch the Droid.The Google integration on the phone is amazing. The free Google Navigation can be used to replace your in car GPS, and you get crowd sourced traffic! This is real time traffic reports being delivered to your phone, did I mention it is free?! No more paying ~$50-$100/yr. to the GPS companies, Verizon, or other companies for device navigation.One of the Navigation shortcomings is that you cannot just display the navigation map while driving down the road. You can view the satellite mode and have it track you, but this isn't the same as the road map view. I like viewing roads in this manner when driving so I can actually learn the names of the streets.Google is continually coming out with new applications. Two days ago, Google Goggles was released. Amazon had a similar offering for the Blackberry 6-9 months ago. However the Google version once you take a picture, it immediately comes back with any information possible about that given item. You can even take a picture of a UPC code and get back information and pricing on the web for comparison shopping and product reviews. I took pictures of random items around my desk and it was 50/50 for coming back with matching results. Brand logos work exceptionally well.My primary complaint and reason for giving the phone 4/5 stars is the battery door cover. I've lost the cover once, and found it nearby on numerous occasions. There are no release tabs, or buttons to push to release the cover as on most phones.The biggest wow/show off factor for the phone is the Google Sky application. Making use of your GPS based location, it shows you the stars, and planets all around you. Moving it around, you'll see the poles, horizon line, how many hours till that portion of the sky is visible, hold it down looking through the Earth and you'll see what stars would be visible if you were standing on the other side of the planet.The radio reception on this phone exceeds by BB Storm by about 10dB. Sitting at my desk, the Storm would hang around -93dBm, the Droid is usually at -82dBm.I would not recommend this phone to someone that isn't a tinkerer. Android based phones are designed to be open, and out of the box, it needs applications added to bring the phone up to what I would call a base functioning phone. There is no included application to set up sound/time based profiles. However most all applications are freely available in the Market. Pandora/Slacker must be downloaded, but work exceptionally well. I've been able to run Pandora in High Quality stream mode with no issues at all.

I was so excited about this phone I bought it the first day it came out, even though I have 7 months left on my TMo BlackBerry 8900. It was everyting I've ever wanted in a smartphone, at least in theory. So, why do I say "ambivalent" in a 5 star review? Well, the only time I feel conflicted about it is when I am reading about it, or thinking about it. But when I have it in my hands, all that melts away.THE AWESOME:* The screen, the screen, the screen. Everyone raves about it for good reason. It's just gorgeous.* No need to jailbreak if all you want to do is run non-Android Marketplace apps. There's a switch for that, it's under settings / applications. It's the top option on that menu: "Allow install of non-market applications". That's it, just check a box.* The GPS - wow. Really glad I didn't invest in a "real" GPS, which I'd been intending to do. The Droid's voice navigation is everything you could ask for, without having to ever buy map updates. Ooh - and get the Google Sky app (it's free) - awesomeness in stargazing.* Google! This, to me, is the biggest advantage -- the power of Google's development. This is the first few days with a major upgrade of an OS, so, everything that is "not quite there" yet about it will improve. People say it's not as polished as the iPhone, but with an open development platform on Android as opposed to Apple's walled-garden approach, it's only a matter of time. This is the first Android-based phone that Google's devs were closely involved in every step, and it's a good partnership.* The network - again, wow. coming from TMo, where my area didn't get 3G until a few months ago, and with dead zones galore, this is just such a relief.* Call quality - again, wow. I have never, ever experienced this sort of clarity, I was at a point where I liked smartphones mostly because I hated trying to hear & be heard on them, so it was easier to communicate via text, email, etc. Also, a very impressive speaker.* Tight integration with several of Google's services, with more to come -- how nice to set up my gmail ID, go to YouTube on the phone, and just be logged in. Expect good things with Google Docs and even Wave in the future.THE NOT-QUITE-THERE-YET* The camera takes awesome pictures in full daylight, but struggles with focus. Good news is, developers are aware of this, and a leaked memo indicates there will be an over-the-air update on or around 12/11 which will address the focus issues.* The apps -- the reason there are not as many huge, shiny apps like some of the more elaborate iPhone games is that app executables can't be stored on the memory card, just in the phone's memory, so this severely limits the amount of space for larger, more elaborate apps[correction]. The good news this is also fixable by software, and you know Google will work towards this in order to compete. However there are still plenty of awesome apps, and considering how Apple tends to reject and censor apps while Google welcomes them, there will eventually be a much broader selection. (update: Facebook's iPhone app developer just quit the project because he couldn't deal with Apple's controlling tendencies.)THE MEH* Well, the physical keyboard isn't the greatest. A bit flat, not enough key travel. However it was so easy to get good at the onscreen keyboard that this doesn't matter too much, and the real keyboard IS better (and quite adequate) for times you need to do more than a little typing.* It's heavy! The night I got it, I played with it for like, 8 hours straight, and my hands were *sore*. Um, well, maybe just don't play with a phone for 8 hours straight, your hands should be fine?* Battery life, what can you expect? A device of this magnitude needs power. I carry a charger & have a power inverter in my car, and I like powerful devices so I don't mind, really.The other reviewers here have done a great job of going into deep detail on all the various features, these were just a couple things I wanted to point out, most especially, that almost everything brought up as a flaw is actually just an area in which Google's Android shows much potential.I'll be getting that media dock too, that seems like a wonderful addition. Also, I have theMotorola S805 Bluetooth 2.0 (DJ Style) Stereo Headphonesand they get along with the Droid very well. It's really, really helpful to have bluetooth controls when listening to music, because it's a pain in the rear when the screen goes to sleep and all you wanted to do was skip songs or pause.All in all, I'm thrilled with the Droid, not just for what it is, but for what it will be - I have gone through *so* many phones in the past few years, finagling upgrades approx. every 9 months, but I believe this one will last me until I qualify for "new every 2" with Verizon - and by then, they'll have 4G. 4G!

This is my first smart phone and the reason I bought it was Google voice. While I had a couple of problems getting Google voice app to link to my account, it eventually worked. The phone response is quite snappy and the graphics great. The camera is decent, but not a replacement for a point and shoot camera but better than nothing if you have no camera on you. Overall one of the current best Android phones on the market. My wife has a Droid Eris and it is not as fast as this one. I would recommend this for someone looking for an Android phone on the Verizon network.

Let me preface by saying that I've been on Verizon for about 4 years now and was seriously considering switching to another carrier simply because of Verizon's practice of crippling their devices.  While I can't complain about their coverage, call quality, or dropped calls, I was miffed by the fact that for almost 2 years, I had a Blackberry 8830 that had no GPS, no WiFi, and no MMS.  No GPS because Verizon wants to charge you $10/mo for VZ Navigator.  No WiFi because they want you to use their data services.  No MMS because no on-board camera must obviously mean that I wouldn't want to receive picture messages if I can't take pictures of my own.Enter the Motorola Droid. It not only has GPS, it has turn-by-turn text-to-speech navigation through Google Maps Navigation.  It is WiFi-capable.  And, it has a camera that can take 5MP stills and capture NTSC-resolution video.  Ok, fills the 8830 voids, so does it have its own?  Well, the 8830 was GSM-capable and the Droid isn't, but unless you travel internationally, a lot, then this shouldn't be a problem.  Also, tethering isn't available yet, but should be in 2010.Transitioning from a Blackberry?  Chances are you are concerned about 3 things: email, calendar, and contacts.- If you already use Gmail for email, then there's nothing you have to do for that.- Use Outlook for your calendar?  Google has a sync utility that you can install to your computer running Outlook.  It's capable of doing 2-way sync or 1-way (either Google -> Outlook or Outlook -> Google).- Sync contacts?  This took some work.  I had several contacts in Google via Gmail and several contacts on my Blackberry.  I used Blackberry Desktop Manager to export my contacts to a CSV (you might need to search around to find out how, it's not very intuitive and varies by Desktop Manager version).  I merged that CSV in with my exiting contacts in Google Contacts and went through a process of manually merging duplicate contacts and having to move data to the appropriate fields because there was a mismatch in field names.  Most of the phone numbers and emails that I had stored in my Blackberry wound up in the Notes section of each contact.  For the 150 or so contacts that I imported, it took maybe an hour to clean everything up.  Not too bad for a one-time thing.  If you have contacts in Outlook, it might be easier to merge since, at the very least, Google allows you to export to a format readable by Outlook.Since I had already synced my calendar and contacts ahead of time, I linked it to my Google account with all of my email, contacts, and calendar entries and within 5 minutes of activation, I never had to turn my Blackberry on again.Other stuff (not a comprehensive list by any means):- The WebKit HTML5 Browser is gorgeous and fast.  When viewing pages in landscape mode, most sites are readable and look as they would on a computer.  Navigation and image pop-ups function very well, and even online shopping is doable.  For example, while amazon.com defaults to their mobile page, there's a link to their main site.  If you follow it, it should look very familiar.  I went to the Gold Box deal page and was amazed to see that the Lightning Deals were there and the counter was counting down.- GPS/Navigation is the best I've seen from a phone.  Direction recalculation was quick.  If you're listening to music, it will pause to give the next step in the directions.- App interaction is slick.  You can look up a pizza place on Google Maps and add it as a contact, then make it your destination in Navigation.- There's an app called "Car Home" that puts everything you would need while driving available for fast access: Voice Search, Navigation, Map View, Contacts, and Search- The home screen is actually 3-wide.  It's like having 3 separate desktops for shortcuts and widgets.- The audio player is pretty basic, which is fine with me.  No EQ (This is a good thing. As a music/audio production nut, I would recommend buying good headphones as opposed to coloring the sound with EQ settings).  There is a player widget that you can put on your home screen, which is good for use in the car.- I tried Google Docs in the browser and it worked.- No Google Wave yet.- Webmail is OK.  I linked my basic Hotmail account.  It pulls new messages but does not do any reconciliation of deletions or read messages from phone -> account.- I've gotten used to the virtual keyboard to the point where I don't use the physical one for anything.- Battery life is great.  After heavy use (playing music, browsing the web, demoing the apps a couple times, making a few calls) almost nonstop for 8 hours, I had 60% of the battery left.  If you can't figure out where your battery life is going, you can go into the phone info menu and it shows you power consumption by app.  In most cases, the screen will be about half of your total battery consumption.- For those interested in writing apps, I downloaded the SDK and Eclipse plugin with ease.  Java is the flavor.  There are emulators for the different releases of Android.For the wow effect, I would recommend Google Sky Map, Google Goggles, and Compass.  All of which are free.How does it compare to the iPhone?  Is it an iPhone killer?  Who cares?  After using this phone for 72 hours, I haven't found much that it can't do.  It's intuitive and lets me leave the netbook and a dedicated mp3 player at home.

I haven't touch my net book since I got the Droid.  Brought along my vacation to America West.  Works all the way on I-15 Vegas-L.A stretch across Mojave Fwy.  Favorite apps: Facebook, Weather Channel, Google Maps/Navigation, Web Browser.  Dedicated key board comes into handy at times when you need to scroll the cursor.  I chose the Droid over the Iphone because (1) it doesn't stand out in the crowd for its low profile appearance (2) it doesn't slip and fall from your hand easily (3) replaceable battery (4) dedicated key board.Updated 4/7/10:  New Android 2.1 firmware is awesome.

This is a great phone.  I love how I can surf the internet on a phone.  It does have some failings - no Flash (which could be fixed with a software update at some time) and short battery life.  If you buy this phone you WILL have to charge it every day.  But overall, this is the best phone I've ever had.  Quite useful!

The Motorola Droid, aka Milestone, aka A855, is an impressive device.  Coming from the Blackberry (BB) Storm and BB Pearl interface, it was an easy transition in terms of user interface and user friendliness.  Navigation was easy and simple.  E-mail configuration was a walk in the park.The simple things I've missed were the predefined codecs from BB.  You cannot run .avi files unless you root your phone to grant you super user access or to install a third party media player.The battery life is a bit short.  You can try to calibrate the power consumption settings as best as you can; however, if your the kind of person who keeps their phone on 24/7, you need a charger or spare battery just in case.The Android Market place was good enough but not that easy to help filter the best applications out.Overall, its a great phone, especially for Amazon's new customer price.

Motorola Droid A855 Phone (Verizon Wireless)Like a lot of reviewers, the iPhone seemed to be a neat device to replace all the things that you are expected to carry with you. However, in typical Apple fashion, they limited it to AT&T;'s network and began censoring the applications.So when the Droid was announced, I read everything written about it from every source I could find. It just so happened that my "New Every Two" program with Verizon was mature (meaning I get a new phone at the promo price by signing a new 2-year agreement), so I purchased the Droid. Since then, I can't stop saying WOW...I am still unraveling all of the things it does, but I have used the music (simple drag and drop, or synchronize with Windows Media Player), the Navigation (very nice and improvements made all of the time), camera and of course applications for Facebook and Twitter. All of these are functional, and these are all FREE (I have not tried a pay application yet), and they are getting better every day. I have used Pandora and Slacker streaming radio also with great results.The bottom line for me is that the Phone (why I need to carry anything around) is excellent. The text messaging is excellent and the physical keyboard makes typing easy. So, now I have a phone, email device (GMail Integration is very nice), web browser, MP3 player, video player, watch/clock (even some cool alarm clock apps out there), GPS and much more in one device (with one charger and one cable).In my humble opinion, if you use all (or more than one) of the devices listed above and don't like wearing a Batman Utility Belt, then this phone is certainly worth the money. Since it uses Google's open Android operating system, you will see WAY more applications for the Droid than Apple could ever dream of. Also, the Droid works on Verizon, which is the network that I have found most reliable. The only place I didn't have (3G)service so far is in the bottom (underground entrance to theater) of Soaring Over California at Disney's California Adventure.These other reviews have a lot of details about the differences between the Droid and the iPhone, features and more. I just thought I would give my opinion on how I use it.

VERY surprised that so many people are giving this phone good reviews (hmmm). I have had my Droid (3 of them actually) since November 7th -long enough to be extremely frustrated.  My complaints are endless but I will try to condense them.1. The Droid locks up, powers off, and you have to do a battery pull. I have replaced 2 droids and the 3rd does the same thing.  My daughter also has one (purchase at the same time) and she had the same problems with hers. It is horrible as a phone(because of the freezes, very poor battery life)and even worse with emails.  It does not allow you to forward email attachments. Maybe it does with Gmail but I do not use Gmail. The most annoying thing is that emails that I have read and even deleted keeps popping up as new messages regardless of how many times you delete them (uugghhhhh). The email notifications only work sometimes.  My yahoo IM does not work. Of course, no voice dial using bluetooth AND no voice dial button (you have to create a shortcut icon on the screen, which I can barely see without my glasses).  The volumn button is too big and often gets pressed accidentally, when pulling the phone out of holder, pocket, or handbag. The camera is the worse that I have had on any cell phone. These problems have happened on all 3 phones and my daughter's phone as well. Before buying this phone go the Android site and you will find all of the complaints I have listed and more. To sum it all up, Motorola and Verizon should be ashamed to release such a phone with so many kinks.

My first Android phone was a G1 on T-Mobile.  I actually feel like that phone was far easier to use and more practical than the Droid.  Two reasons for that.  One is that the physical keyboard on the G1 is far better than the one on the Droid. I never use the keyboard on the droid, its terrible, has no raised keys and is hard to use. The second reason is that there is no dedicated answer/end call buttons. I've lost count how many times I can't seem to slide the thing to answer a call, or I have to fumble through menu screens (unlock screen, bring call to foreground because my desktop is showing instead) just to hang up a phone call.  It shouldn't take so much effort to hang up the phone!The other issue is that the screen suffers from glare far more than the G1 ever did.  I can't use the phone outdoors if there is any sunlight at all.  I'm not talking about direct sun on it, I have to be in the shade to use the phone and even then its a bit hard to read.Overall, I am disappointed in the Droid and this new direction Android phones have taken. The G2 looks to have the same button layout as the Droid which makes me sad.

poor sound quality makes this phone just a toy, making a phone call is not in the cards with this overpriced gizmo!

Hello and thanks for checking out my review on the Motorola Droid.  Let me begin by setting the stage.  I was a 10 year T-Mobile customer with a Sony Ericsson K700i up until four days ago.  The K700 was pretty beat up and I was paying an arm and a leg for my service because I was on the basic plan.  I didn't want to upgrade my plan with T Mobile because that would mean I would create a contract extension.  Knowing I was going to jump ship at some point I didn't want to do that.  Having the basic plan was not good because with all of the text messaging I was doing my monthly bill would add up.  I really wanted to wait for the HTC HD2 and then saw the Sony Ericsson X10 (Rachel) and fell in love.  However, at the time there was no indication as to when these two phones would come out in the States and what carrier they would go with (if any).  ALL my friends have the iPhone.  It is an amazing phone and has all of the features that I want in a device.  I just didn't want to be a sheep - Follow the crowd.  I am 39 years old and have never been like that so why start now.  I find it so interesting how defensive iPhone owners are of their phone especially when a potential competitor appears.  While visiting Best Buy I saw the Droid. I had heard about the open platform Android OS and really didn't know what it was all about.  I really liked the feel of the phone in the store but at that time moved on.Some time after my two year old daughter was playing with my K700 and she threw it.  It cracked the screen and the joystick wouldn't work so great after that.  However the phone still worked - it was just a pain to operate. I then decided it was time - I needed a new phone.I ordered the Droid with a one year contract because I figured in a year if I didn't like the phone I can just change it.  I was able to port my T Mobile number to Verizon and order the phone with ease.  Ordering through Verizon online was very easy and I did it that way because I knew I would have to set up an online account at some point anyway.  Along with the phone I got the docking station which I will discuss later.  When my phone arrived two days later I was amazed!  Here is why:The design:The phone is all metal with just the battery cover plastic.  Because of this the phone has some nice weight to it and feels solid in your hands.  The screen is gorilla glass and is smooth and tough.  At first I wished they went with silver or chrome instead of the gold trim but you really get used to it and only three items are this color -> The speaker grille, shutter button for the camera and the directional pad on the keyboard.  There is a 5MP camera with dual LED flash and a nice sliding out keyboard.  The phone is only 1mm thicker than the iPhone yet has a bigger 3.7 inch screen rather than the 3.5 incher on the iPhone.  Also, it's resolution is higher at over 800x400.  The phone has a lot of sensors: accelerator, ambient light, proximity, ect.  It knows when it's up to your ear and shuts the screen off to conserve battery.  Equiped with WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS and 3G - you will always be connected and Verizon's service has been amazingly good - coverage everywhere!  Pre-loaded with a 16GB micro SD card (upgradeable to 32 GB) is so nice.  Removable battery is sweet too.  I like the shape and design - it's simple yet very sci-fi-ish and really looks like an Android - hard to explain in words.  A word about the processor: it is clocked down from 600 to 500 but this thing smokes through whatever you throw at it.  Very nice to have since I really wanted that 1ghz snapdragon on the X10 and HD2.  Feew!Keyboard:The sliding keyboard isn't as great as I would like it to be.  Sliding it isn't hard but there is not any spring mechanism to assist - it's all manual.  The keys are a bit cramped, flat and typing on it isn't so great but it is nice to have the keyboard. With my finger nails I can type but with finger tips I tend to misspell words.  The Droid offers two other options though - on screen keyboards in both portrait and landscape and both give you prediction text options which is nice.  I can type very fast using the on screen keyboards and that is just great for texting and replying to emails or searching on the internet. I should note this is the thinnest phone to have a full qwerty keyboard.  I say it is nice to have the keyboard because there is always potential for it even if it isn't the greatest to use.  Kinda like having a gun, better to have one and not need it than to need it and not have it.Screen:It's beautiful!  Whether surfing the internet, viewing photos or videos the screen alone is worth the price.  I have the Zune HD and love the AMOLED.  However this Droid is perfect with what it has and I am sure the next version will have an AMOLED and will be just as good.  Fast too!  Switching from screen to screen and running apps and checking emails and SMS's fast fast fast!  No lag. There is a green light that will flash intermittently when you have a message either SMS or email or voice.  Very nice touch.  Switching from portrait to landscape transitions smoothly and quickly. As I said earlier Motorola used gorilla glass for the Droid and it is smooth and tough.  This is a capacitive touch screen.  It is so sensitive, the slightest touch will activate whatever you are pressing - very nice and strong. Also, it will not accidentally activate something you touch like if you are swiping screens.  It highlights it, kinda like the Storm but not, and then carry's out you swipe.  There are three quick launch screens: imagine the home screen with a screen to the left of it and a screen to the right.  You can customize backgrounds and the apps posted here.  Anything you don't get on these three screens can be found on the Android launcher tab.  You just pull it up with a swipe and the icons appear.  You can now just scroll through and find whatever you are looking for.  I have to say the touch screen is a pleasure to use.  Also, there are four capacitive buttons on the bottom of the screen.  A back button, menu button, home button and search/magnify.  I find them easy to use and they have haptic feedback which is cool. You feel a slight vibration when you touch any of these buttons.  Some find that they are in the way - I have not found this to be a problem nor have I accidentally pressed them.Android Market and APPS:The iPhone has over 200,000+ apps.  They say Android only has about 16,000+.  BIG DEAL!  Click the market app on the screen and spend a few hours browsing - its incredible!  I have downloaded so many apps many are the same apps the iPhone has - many are some the iPhone will NEVER have because Android is open source not restricted like Apple enforces on the iPhone.  I LOVE IT!  You can even BUMP with an iPhone if you want.  I have Shazzam, UTube, Twitter, Pandora, Facebook, Google maps, Lightsaber, Compass, the lighter app thing, fart app, ect ect ect - anything the iPhone can do Droid can do and more!  It's that good.  I have customized my phone to suit my liking and it is just wonderful - I am so happy.  I wanted that retro clock with the weather thing that the HTC has - guess what?  I got it now - downloaded it!  My friends try to stump me with an app that the iPhone has and I am always able to find one on the Android market that does the same thing.  It's really that damn good i tell you!  I can spend a year telling you about how great the apps are - you just have to experience it.  Some apps are free and others range from $0.99 to whatever.  The choices are endless and to say that a market is better than another market because of the number of apps each has is just plain stupid.  Why you say?  How many apps do you really want?  All 200K?  I don't think so, you are given many choices and that is what i like - freedom to pick what I want and enjoy.Camera:5MP quick auto focusing with LED flash and video.  Nothing really to say other than that!  It takes great pictures.  Inside where it is darker some photos tend to be too dark even with the flash but you have to get a little closer to the subject.  The zoom feature is really nice too.  I have an app now that lets you color pictures you take and edit them add things and what not.  Pictures and video can be easily stored, edited and sent to friends via, SMS, MMS, twitter, facebook, email, ect, ect.  There is a physical shutter button which is nice as you can half press it and the camera goes into action focusing so it is ready for a quick snap.  There is also an on-screen button for taking a picture.  Hey, I have a Sony DSC-W300 and a Canon DSLR for the prize photos - this camera on the Droid is just one more thing to make you love it not criticize how it should be equal in quality as a Sony or Canon.Emails, SMS, MMS:I was able to link to Gmail, AOL and Yahoo in seconds!  All are at my disposal and there is a notification bar at the top of the screen which you can pull down and see what messages you have or email and go to them directly with a click.  This is what I always wanted and now have - access to all email clients - I am now connected and can never miss being contacted by any means. I also have the visual voice mail which is simple yet practical.  I am now connected as my friends are with Blackberry's - that says a lot.Docking Media Station:Charges the battery and changes the Droid into a media station showing time and weather - acts as an alarm clock and lets you slideshow pictures - just plain amazing and all the while it looks so nice in the doc - shinny black with silver metal - very classy and stylish.  I would recommend this accessory as it is a must if you own the Droid.Media:Like I said earlier I have the Zune HD and use it primarily for music.  However the Droid can play music in many ways.  First there is a 16GB micro flash card that you can put music and video on.  There is a 3.5mm headphone jack or you can use the external speaker.  Apps like Pandora and iMusic or Amazon MP3 and many others will make your head spin - it's all there for you and the Droid to use.  You do not need to rely on one type of media provider - enjoy the freedom.  Video from UTube is preloaded and there is a program that will play video of many types.  I hear flash is coming to Droid - not a surprise.Browser:If you are a hard core Goggle user you will love the Droid but even if you are not you will love what this device has to offer.  They say the Droid doesn't have multi-touch because Apple is restricting it.  However, you can download the Dolphin browser app and have smooth multi-touch pinch zooming just like the beloved iPhone.  I have both browsers, the one that comes with the phone and Dolphin.  I have no problem with either.  The browser that comes with the Droid uses double tap to zoom in and out or you can use the (+) (-) zoom buttons - either way you have options and all work perfectly.  The browser is fast on the 3G network and WiFi works perfectly too.  Links in an email will pop up in seconds and you will find yourself gazing at the websites in awe as they look so crisp and clear with readable text and quick smooth scrolling.Battery:I have not had the 'battery cover sliding off' that people have reported.  It is covered in a rubbery type material but I have not had any problems with it.  I kinda like the fact that it is rubbery especially when taking pictures as you have a firm grip on the device.  As for the battery I use the phone a lot during the day and I commute via the train (MTA) and spend a lot of time using the phone browsing the internet and market place.  I always put the phone in the docking station at night and after a days use typically there is 3/4% battery life left.  I hope this helps you but if I had to take a guess I could probably go three or maybe four days of heavy use before I would have to charge it.  This is a guess but overall I am happy with the battery and like the fact that I can pop another one in if I needed to.Conclusion:Now I hear the X10 is coming to ATT and the HD2 is going to, well T-Mobile.  Do I now regret leaving T-Mobile?  NO. Do I now regret not waiting?  NO.  After a year and my contract is up will I change to another phone?  Right now I am so pleased and happy with the Droid I can't see myself changing phones for a long time.  I hear they are coming out with a new iPhone.  My friends are all excited but I tell them, "didn't you guys just get the new 3GS?"  They say, "yeah but the 'new' iPhone is coming out and it is going to be better than the Droid."  *silence*  I smile and say ugh, can you repeat what you just said? Hope this review helps and if you go with the Droid best of luck to you and I hope you find it just as enjoyable as I have.  Take care.....UPDATE: 02/10/2010So after a couple of months use of the Droid I have to say it is an amazing phone that is so capable of so many different tasks.  The apps are awesome and I browse the Android market daily.Here are some of the problems I have encountered:1) Huge problem.  There are two specs of dust under the glass.  After visiting the Verizon store and having them blow air into the phone they were not able to get the dust out.  I was told this is a common flaw in the phone and sometimes the air pushes it out sometimes it doesn't.  The dust gets in through the ear piece on top. I guess I can live with it but I am so OCD and it does bother me.  If you live in Connecticut DO NOT go to the store in the Connecticut Post Mall - they are a bunch of punks working there and are so unprofessional and useless.  They tried to say it was the screen protector - it is so obvious it is not.  The store in Orange was the best.  They identified the problem and knew what to do.  They appologized for the problem but could offer no solution.  My contract runs out in a year and this sole issue may cause me to get another phone.2) The camera hasn't been the greatest.  Pictures are blurry - you have to be real steady almost statue like when taking a photo. Some photos come out OK while others are not that great - It is a 50/50 shot in the dark - for a 5MP camera I expected better quality. Video is tricky also as it takes a couple of seconds to start after pressing the shutter button.  Sometimes you think you miss pressed the button and press it again which will actually make it stop taking video.  Some video is smooth but then choppy and it pixles out in some cases.  I had my phone lock up on several occasions just from use of the camera after my son was born.3) I just can't get used to the physcal keyboard.  I have really tried but the on screen keyboards I always use because the physical keyboard is just too cramped and the keys are hard to press unless you have needle fingers.  Also, when using the physical keyboard the predictive text feature is not active.  This makes it even hard to type fast and successfully.  I just use the on screen keyboard but feel the physical keyboard is like having an added feature that will never be used - such a shame.4) Multi-touch - some apps have it now but it isn't as smooth as I would like.  I hope Android 2.1 will fix most of the issues - excluding the dust issue obviously.UPDATE: 02/14/2010WOW - Verizon customer service email and called - they are shipping out a new Droid and were just amazing on the phone.  All info on the phone will transfer automatically to the new phone which is just great news to me - I will update as I go along - very impressed with Verizon as a new customer I am very happy.  Can't wait to get my new Droid - WOOT!

I love Google and all their organization skills. I disliked my Blackberry and went to Droid.CON:-OUTLOOK DOES NOT WORK! There are several workarounds that take awhile to setup and they still don't work well. Also, there's no way to use your outlook tasks. Verizon lied to me and said outlook syncs with Droid. Thats not true.-The keyboard sucks-A bit bulky-Not the same ability to create ring profiles as BlackberrySummary:If it weren't for the lack of outlook syncing, I'd have kept my Droid, but I NEED my calendar/contacts/tasks and only LIKE all the toys Droid has. In short, I went back to a crappier blackberry that could do what I actually need and otherwise sucked.

Really nice.  Big screen that is easy to read.  Some good features the iPhone doesn't have, like the keyboard.  Lots of software options, with a lot more free options than what I've found on iPhone. Hopefully that continues.  Very fast.  Like the iPhone, the worst part of this thing is the phone itself.  Not bad, just not great compared to the rest of it.  If you're just looking for a phone, this may be (and probably is) more than you need.  If you like the gadgetry though, there is a lot here.  It is up there with the iPhone and will hopefully make both of them better, thanks to the competition.

The only two things you need to compare this phone to are the Blackberrys, and Iphone.  It is much more user friendly than any blackberry on the market, not to mention quicker in almost every aspect.  Next up is the comparison to the iphone.  The iphone beats the Droid in total amount of apps to choose from, other than that the droid is better.  The droid multitasks quicker, has a better resolution screen, AND a physical keyboard for people who need that, not to mention all the other features in the Droid does commercial.I have friends who have the iphone, and I've owned blackberrys until now.  Within 15 minutes of playing around with my Droid, they want to switch.  The Droid is an amazing phone, and the I don't / Droid does commercials are spot on.  If your on the fence, jump off and get it...  It's a great phone!

The Motorola Droid is great except that Bluetooth voice dialing is disabled which could be a safety factor.  I have several complaints filed against Verizon Wireless however for limiting connectivity for Alltel customers and not honoring retention promises.  With this phone you have to consider the carrier as well.  The complaint details are available in the Wall Street Journal community page.  The price of a phone is the smallest part of what you pay with a 2 year commitment.[...].I am not sure if links are allowed but if you go to the Wall Street Journal COMMUNITY website and do a search for Verizon then it is right there.  You do have to go to the journal community site to find it.If you do get this phone there are many apps that allow you to keep the battery life from being wasted.  Many great apps are free.The complaints that I have filed are: FTC complaint # 25257585 NCDOJ Complaint # 1001670 FCC complaint 10-C00194123Regards,Steve Winter

I'm glad I didn't cave in and switch to AT&T; just to get an iPhone.  The Droid is really fast, I always have a 3G connection, everything is really well integrated and the device is even better than I was expecting at multitasking.  Some of my favourite features are: the GPS turn-by-turn navigation with Google street view, fantastic integration with gmail and google talk, voice recognition for searching and making calls, and the notification panel.  The screen is pretty impressive, too.App availability is also a lot better than I was expecting (some of my favourites include Touchdown (email client), Shop Savvy (scans barcodes and then tells you how much the product costs on Amazon and other online stores), Aldiko (ebook reader), voice recorder, gmote (turns your Droid into a remote control for your computer and also lets you stream music wirelessly from computer to phone).  So far, I've been able to do everything I tried to do with this device, including opening and working with spreadsheets, reading and creating PDFs, even online banking using the browser.The one problem I had was in setting up my work email (we're a small business, so we have Outlook web access, not Enterprise Exchange).  For some reason the native setup tool wouldn't log on to my server.  An app called Touchdown ($10) does it seamlessly however, so that wasn't too much of an issue.  Better flash would be useful for some websites, hopefully they'll include that in the upcoming software upgrade.

wow,... i've never been so impressed. if the question is "wut does this phone do" the answer is "everything." ...nuff said

Speedy, Nice,Verizon seems wider network, but some places I go has low signal. I happens.

Not a very good phone and Android is a work in progress.The physical keyboard is unusable and the onscreen keyboard is not much better.  iPhone keyboard is much better especially in wide screen.Laggy!  You can't even scroll the home screen without lag.You can only install a few hundred MB of apps.  Thats all.  Seriously.Touch screen not as sensitive or accurate as the iPhone.Syncing of data and multimedia not very good other than basic Google services.Can't do data and voice at the same time.  Thats a Verizon issue though.  Verizon also charges a fortune if you cancel your contract early so you better be really sure you want this phone.

if you are a person that doesnt need a keyboard then this phone is for u. but for me this phone just wasnt for me because the keyboard was horrible it was such a letdown. everything on the phone was amazing the touch screen was the best i have ever used beside the iphone and the screen was beautiful but the keyboard was so bad that i just cant like this phone.

I bought my Droid on launch day from the local Verizon store. I've enjoyed the larger screen (relative to other Android models) and faster (no lag) application launching.Overall I think you will really enjoy this phone if you're a diehard Google user. If you use Gmail and the assorted applications (Calendar, Talk, etc) then you'll love the built in synchronization.I'm also a BIG Google Voice fan and I use the native (free) Google Voice application to route all my calls through GV. The nice thing about Android vs iPhone is that (1) Android doesn't censor your use of applications and (2) The Google Voice application can completely replace your dialer which it couldn't do on iPhone even when available.While I've read of other Droid owners wrestling with a variety of problems from echoing to random Droid reboots - I've had no such problem. I believe many of the instability problems that were reported relate to loading third party applications that were not yet compatible with Android 2.0.I returned my first two Droids because the sound of incoming callers' voices is muffled and robotic on the device. I'd liken the quality to that of listening to a call through a blown speaker. (Note: Using Bluetooth, power cycling, or turning the speakerphone on/off did NOT clear the issue on any of my 3 Droids).Neither of the replacements has made much difference in the incoming call quality. There's a pretty extensive message thread on the official Motorola discussion forum regarding incoming (and some outgoing) call quality issues. Many people seem to wrestle with poor outgoing call quality as well (muffled, echoes).  Search on "Droid Incoming Audio Quality" to review other experiences.The holy grail of all phone and cell phone carriers ("we promise it will be fixed in firmware upgrade") does not appear to have come true. Verizon/Google update of 12/10 did not clear the issue of poor incoming audio quality in my Droid.Aside from the audio of incoming callers I can't find anything else to fault about this Droid other than the keyboard which you can judge for yourself in a quick test.  I rarely use the keypad and when I do I'm not much faster on it than if I typed on the touch screen.I also own an iPhone 3GS and BlackBerry 9700.Here's What I Like About The Droid:+ Nice big screen+ No lags+ Relatively stable on applications compatible with Android 2.0+ Battery life typically lasts a full day+ Turn by turn directions (also available on Android 1.6 phones) courtesy Google Maps+ Strong integration to Google apps (Gmail, Calendar, Contacts, Gtalk)+ Replaceable battery+ Open Android platform+ Integration of Google Voice (use it with Friends & Family to get unlimited calling)Here's What I Don't Like About The Droid:- Audio quality of incoming callers is muffled- Keyboard is difficult to use - I'd rather have a smaller/lighter Droid with no keyboard- Flip can open unexpectedly when removing from case- Difficult to find good "stay on cases" due to form factor

As the title indicates, this is my first "smart" phone and I'm throughly impressed. I'll break it down into categories.Ease of Use: 3.5/4I haven't found the DROID, or Google's Android operating system, to be intimidating at all. I'm only marginally tech-savvy but I didn't feel as though a review of the instruction manual was necessary. I would estimate that it'll take a normal user 3-4 days before they're completely comfortable performing even the phone's most complicated tasks.Durability/Build-Quality: 3.5/4 **unknown long-term**The phone has some real weight to it and I like that. In other words, it doesn't feel like it's going to break if I throw it onto my bed. On the other hand, it's not too bulky -- it's comfortable in my pocket.Telephone: 4/4As a telephone the DROID is solid. The call quality's great, the voice quality's land-line-like and Verizon's service is about as good as it gets. Also, the speaker phone's LOUD! And it picks up your voice well, so much so that the person on the other end doesn't even know they're on speaker phone. The contact management on the DROID is solid too, well organized and easy to navigate.Messaging Device: 3.5/4I'm not a 13 year old girl (about twice that age and male) but I do my fair share of texting. I find messaging on the DROID to be easy with one downfall -- the physical keyboard on the DROID is TERRIBLE! Unless your fingers are the size of an infant you'll prefer using the virtual keyboard, especially in landscape mode, which is surprisingly easy to use.Camera: 3/4The picture quality's awesome, if you're able to capture an image that's perfectly still. Forget about action shots! And the video capture's OK too -- definitely NOT DVD quality as they lead you to believe though.Internet Browser: 3.5/4Verizon's 3G network's fairly fast and the DROID displays every website I visit regularly very well.MP3 Player: 3.5/4I LOVE the DROID's MP3 player for its simplicity. The sound quality's admirable and it'll play pretty must every type of file I load onto it. That's all I really want from an MP3 player.Satellite Navigation: 3/4I love that satellite navigation's offered for free on the DROID and it's adequate. I've used Garmin's 200W quite extensively and a Garmin the DROID isn't -- it'll get you where you need to go if you have the exact address but it won't always get you there via the most efficient route. Also, the DROID's robotic female voice is a bit difficult to listen to for a long period of time. I imagine that in time, and with a number of software updates, the DROID's voice-guided navigation will move from adequate to average.Gaming Device/Apps:While not as extensive (yet) as Apple's app store, the DROID's marketplace is awesome! I've found a ton of cool apps/games for free and with time the selection will only get better.

This is a spectacular phone... out of the box for new users it may initially underwhelm or intimidate, especially if you are not really "needing" the extra features it has.  For simple people, but a non-smartphone, and for business users who don't want extra features, buy a blackberry.I have had the phone for 3 weeks.  It has spectacular battery life, especially if you tweak it right: Add the power widget, turn off wifi when not needed, and get an overclock manager to downgrade the cpu speed when not in use.I highly recommend putting some time into this phone before judging it.  Whereas I found the touch screen a bit difficult at first, I am now much faster and more precise with it.  The keyboard is fine for long typing, but the blackberry curve I upgraded from was easier (the curve's only true advantage).If you want to do something that you initially can't, just find the right apps and ways to modify.I suggest rooting with the various instructions out there--it's worth the time, and will make your phone MUCH faster and more flexible.  But that's not for the casual user.  Bugless beast rom is a great place to start...  I am already running the 2.1 rom weeks before it's actually released, with pinch-zoom maps/browser.Navigation is great--we used it for a trip and ended up going to places we wouldn't have bothered to visit otherwise.The browsing experience is good, but requires a bit of tweaking and learning to get slick.  Speed is great.  Pinch to zoom with 2.1 rom is great, or try dolphin if you don't want to root--though 2.1 will roll out officially soon for non-root users.Very little about the phone is flat-out intuitive, but it's not hard either.I am much happier to have this on verizon, and like it much better than my brother's iphone.  iphone is fine, but if you want to do something that apple doesn't "prefer", you're pretty much SOL unless you jailbreak, whereas you can do a crazy amount with a droid even without rooting.The phone quality is great, as is the screen, in agreement with what everybody else says.blah, blah, just buy it unless you don't like phones, then buy something wimpier.

After looking through the many Droid reviews on Amazon, I saw a lot of talk about customizability but not enough examples.  This review is intended to illustrate exactly why customizability is so important to many of us happy Droid owners.  I also want to give people who are new to both smart phones and the Google experience an idea of what it was like to transition to that world.  But mostly, I just want to add my perspective to the mix.Life Before Droid:I had a Verizon Moto Razr.  Loved the light weight, hated the battery life (having to charge the phone every other day).  Loved the voice and reception quality (at first, but reception deteriorated over the years).  Hated the Verizon calendar and the lack of a useful home screen appointment reminder feature (and the fact that appointments would shift on their own by one hour--a bug Verizon never fixed).  Hated the call reminder beep every five minutes (but refused to disable it because I needed that reminder).  Liked notes but hated the limited notes features and most of all, hated the lack of backup of all my contacts and notes (My Verizon services came late to the game, and in any case I wanted better portability).  Oh yeah--loved the voice dial.What I Wanted:My background is in IT and Windows, so I was a heavy user of Outlook.  I wanted a "Today" screen.  I also needed to be able to share emails with my work Outlook, but not all of them.  I did, however, want all of my personal emails to go to my phone.  Here were my priorities:1) Better than average voice, speaker, and reception quality.2) Synch of all contacts data with an external, portable data storage area.3) A satisfying internet browsing experience.4) Emails and calendar with a Today screen.5) Better than average battery life for a smart phone.6) A decent notes app, a voice recorder, a password keeper, etc.7) A decent photo and video camera.What I Got:I tried the iPhone just long enough to determine that it failed my expectations for voice quality.  I am a stickler that a smart phone is primarily a phone, so it better perform well as a phone!I also saw a friend's Palm Pre and the interface was annoyingly slow, so add snappy performance to the list.Finally bought the Droid.  At first, I was annoyed by the physical keyboard.  The weight didn't bother me at all (until I picked up a Droid Eris).  The touch-lag on the screen was never an issue, as I found that the Droid was actually pretty snappy compared to other touch phones (until I compared it with an iPhone).With the Droid, I initially met all of the above objectives, except 6 and 7.  That is, I would have to find the apps and customizations I needed and the photo camera was not great (videos looked ok, though).A Google calendar Today widget came already installed on the Droid.  It only showed the next appointment, so I thought I might want to find a better widget from the app store (turns out later the stock widget was my preference after all).  Clicking on the widget took me to my calendar or my task list, so I was pretty happy with it.After seeing how Blackberry phones were an absolute failure when it came to browsing, I was extremely happy with the Droid's Google Chrome browser.  I know the phone is not as fast as the iPhone, but it has better overall speed and quality than just about anything else.  The Droid display is second to none, and really adds to your browsing experience.  In comparison with my friend's iPhone, you could easily read fine print on my display that you would have to zoom on his.  The iPhone also had a strong blueish tint to its screen.  My friend said my Droid had a yellowish tint, but it looks all white to me. ;-)Speaking of zooming, Droid handles automatic zooming and formatting of the text column very well (others say better than iPhone), and with Android v2.1, it has multi-touch.  That's not to say there aren't some bonehead omissions on Google's part, such as the lack of zoom when reading emails.  I hope they fix that soon.As for battery life... I had adjusted my expectations that I would need to plug-in the Droid every night and possibly during the day if I used some of its features (ahem, games) heavily.Setup:I knew from the reviews that synching with Outlook was problematic to impossible, so I opened a gmail account instead and setup my home Outlook client to download but not delete emails (my phone would be where I permanently deleted my mail).  I then altered my email router settings  (You don't use an email router service?  You should!) so that my mail would transparently go to my gmail account instead of my ISP account.I exported all my personal Outlook contacts and imported them into Google.  It was a piece of cake!  I had used many Outlook folders before, so I had to find the equivalent in Google.  Eventually, I managed to categorize all of my contacts.  After backing-up my Outlook contacts, I then deleted them from Outlook and imported the ones from Google.  It was seamless and, apart from some very minor data issues, proved to me that I could rely on Google as my main contact database and import them into Outlook whenever I needed to update my local computer.So now I was ready to setup my phone.  After entering my gmail account in the phone, everything synched fine.  All of my Google emails were pushed to the Droid and when I deleted them on the Droid, they were deleted on the Google database.  All of my contacts, with thumbnail pictures, showed up on my phone.  There, too, modifying a contact would propagate the change to the Google database, so the change was permanent.I tried forwarding an Outlook calendar appointment from my work computer to my Google account.  The Droid received the email and I promptly deleted it.  And within a few seconds I would see the appointment in my calendar and on my Today widget.Now I tried to setup the wireless interface.  My wireless router uses encryption and I had a lot of problems getting everything working, but eventually I figured out that there is a flaw in my router when I use both wireless G/N (I have a D-Link router).  I simply set it to G only and the Droid had no problem connecting.  On the many public wireless sites, the Droid connects easily and performance is of course fantastic on wireless (although with a good 3G signal, performance is not too bad either).Life After Droid:Sometimes my Droid shows a koi pond as its wallpaper, with a realistic water animation--the rocks and koi waver and ripple as if it was a video.  Other times it will show a stretch of wet sand at the beach, with a foamy wave that ripples up and down.  It also randomly shows several other scenes that I found to work well with the animated water effect.  This is thanks to an app I downloaded that runs on Android 2.1 [Waterpaper Live Wallpaper].  At one point however, I found the app to run a little choppy.  And after adding Google Earth, I started to experience some serious home screen freezing and refresh delays of many seconds.  But then I realized my Droid was starved for internal memory and was spending too much time clearing space to run the home screen.  So I removed Google Earth and a few other apps, bringing my free internal memory up from 60MB to 100MB.  That resolved the home issues and made everything perform snappier than ever.  It really is too bad they don't store the apps on the SD card, as that would address this problem.When I want to voice-dial, I just hold down the camera button and it works (albeit a little slowly) the same as on my Moto Razr--but with deadly accuracy.  The stock Droid was an epic fail when it came to voice dial, but I found a much more accurate voice dial app [Voice Dialer HF] and another app [Button Shortcut] to link any function to my camera button, and tadaaa!--one-click voice dial.When I miss a phone call or email, the LED light blinks (pink for phone call, green for email) and I get the notification ringtone alert once every 20 minutes for the first 2 hours, after which it shuts up.  Niiiiice.  This customizability was thanks to yet another app [Missed Reminder].I'm making a call to an acquaintance in China.  As soon as I've dialed the number, the display assures me that the Google Voice service will be used for the international call instead of direct dial (which is the default action for all U.S. calls).  I'm saving money and I didn't have to dial the Google Voice number first or use a special app interface to dial out--the feature worked transparently as soon as I configured the Google Voice app.  And I don't ever worry about my phone going on standby during the call and having to unlock my screen just to get back to the dialer, even though I set the screen timeout to 30 secs.  That's because the KeepScreen app prevents the timeout for any set of apps I specify (including the phone app).I'm stepping outside my car and need to quickly note the parking location in this huge parking garage.  On my Droid, I just touch a widget and I'm instantly recording a voice note.  The same app that does voice recording also keeps my text notes, drawings, checklists, and AES 128-bit encrypted passwords, in a tree-structured folder system.  I highly recommend this app [Note Everything]!Oh, and I got used to the keyboard.  ***Addendum 3/12 *** But I also downloaded a new keyboard app.  It's a port of the HTC touch keyboard, and is available from several of the Android app library sites, but you may not find it in the official app store.  It not only does calibration so you make fewer fat finger mistakes, but it allows voice-to-text input at any time in the middle of typing.  In fact, I used it now to complete this paragraph.  Actually, voice-to-text is now a standard keyboard feature in Android 2.1, but I still prefer this alternate keyboard.There's more--a lot more.  I'll stop now.  I love my Droid.

Let me begin by saying that I am somewhat new to smartphones. Now that i have the Droid I have to say that I love it. I got the Android 2.2 on September 3, 2010, from Verizon. The screen is crisp and very responsive. The apps are great and there are plenty of them on the android market. With 2.2 you have 5 homepages and having adobe flash player (which can be downloaded from the market) makes the browsing experience top notch. Google has some awesome apps that come pre-loaded on the phone. such as, maps, navigation, and my favorite goggles. the only downside that i found was that the slide out keyboard is very flush, but having it is a plus. i cant really compare it to any other phone that i have had, but i have played around my friends iphones and i must say that i don't envy them!

The Droid takes the already strong Android platform and matches it with hardware worthy of the system.  Android has been around over a year now.  There are some very nice Android phones - the G1 & the Hero by HTC most notably.  Droid blows them all away.First and foremost, Droid has a beautiful screen.  Its large (3.7"), high resolution (854x480, true 16:9 widescreen).  The capacitive touch is very responsive.  When you pick up the phone, you'll immediately notice two things - 1) the build quality is fantastic 2) the phone is rather heavy.  The extra weight is likely caused by the higher quality materials used to construct the phone, and considering how remarkably thin it is for a qwerty-slider, that's really not a bid deal, in my opinion.  The sliding mechanism is simple and feels solid, with no side-to-side play.  The keyboard itself is not the best - other HTC phones like the G1 and Touch Pro 2 have superior keyboards.  The keys are flat, which is necessary to make the phone so thin, but the layout is not ideal - they are aligned in a perfect grid, not offset like a standard keyboard.  However, it is still far superior to a touch screen keyboard.  Droid is also powered by a beefy Cortex A8 processor - the same architecture that runs the iPhone 3GS and Palm Pre.  It is considerably faster than the older ARM11 processor in other Android/HTC/Motorola phones.  Don't be fooled - the ARM11 528MHz processor is not even in the same realm is the A8 550MHz processor.  MHz numbers don't tell the whole story.The software in the Droid is also very strong.  It is the first Android 2.0 device on the market.  Android is really an underrated platform - it is very powerful, very easy to use, and has a huge number of apps on the Android Market.  No, the total does not come close to the Apple app store - but how many variations of the fart app do you really need?  When it comes down to it, with somewhere around 10-20k apps on the Market, there really is an app for just about everything you'd want to do.  Also worth noting, most of those apps are from the pre-Droid era - now that we've got a mass-marketed Android device on the largest network, the Market will likely see an explosion of even more.  The apps really are useful too, not just gimmicky - a brief list of useful apps is listed before.  I've seen complaints over apps being stored in-memory and not on the memory card - this is less of an issue than you think.  The core executable is stored in the 200MB or so of onboard storage - images, media, and other, bigger parts of an app are downloaded directly to the 16GB SD card.  I have dozens of apps on my Droid and I still have 175MB free.Call quality on the Droid is very good.  I used the Touch Pro 2 on Verizon for about a month prior to the Droid, and reception was considerably better.  In areas where I'd only get 1 bar of service, the Touch Pro 2 would cut out and drop calls, whereas the Droid is strong and clear pretty much everywhere.  Also worth noting, I have never had a phone that obtained a GPS fix faster than Droid - fire up Google Maps and almost immediately your location is pinpointed.  Data service over the Verizon EV-DO network is snappy, and I get 3G coverage everywhere I go.On the subject of Google Maps - along with Android 2.0, Droid is also the first phone to have Google's free turn-by-turn navigation system.  This is a great addition, although it should filter its way to other systems with time - in fact, Google has already released this update for Android 1.6 devices.  The voice-guided navigation is not perfect, and does not rival a dedicated system, but for the price, it really is a great product, and it will only improve with time.The included camera is not perfect.  I have not had the autofocus issues others have complained about, but picture quality is definitely a little washed out - I was spoiled by the great Carl Zeiss 5MP camera on the N95, I haven't had a cell phone rival it yet.  Video recording, on the other hand, is very good.  Sharp, smooth video with rich color reproduction.  Its amazing that they were taken by the same lens.Battery life is actually decent with Droid.  One thing you must realize, if you haven't used a smartphone before, is that ALL data-enabled smartphones have poor battery life.  That said, Droid is slightly above average here.  I almost always can go the entire day without charging, which is pretty good considering I run gmail, exchange, facebook, twitter, weather, sports, stocks, and more in the background all day.  Android includes a useful tool that shows you what is using the battery (by %).  So far, it seems that the 3G radio is actually very battery-efficient.  I can run Pandora for hours and hardly dent my battery.  However, wifi drains it pretty hard, and the big screen is a HUGE battery guzzler, even with the brightness turned down.There are also some cool accessories for Droid.  The car dock holds the phone (very securely I might add) onto your dashboard, and brings you into "car home" mode, with easy access to voice search (which works great), maps, navigation, contacts, etc.  Combine the car dock with the standard headphone jack in your car to Navigate while streaming Pandora to your car's stereo system simultaneously.  Get a call?  Pandora cuts out, your car speakers become a speakerphone.  Works great.  There's also the multimedia dock, which turns Droid into an alarm clock/multimedia/weather station.  Both are nice.In summary, the Droid is a great smartphone on a great network.  It is not perfect - the keyboard and camera could both be a little better, battery life is good but not great, but you won't find a better smartphone on Verizon - and depending on what you look for in a phone, you may not find a better phone on any network.Pros:-Big, sharp screen-Blazingly fast processor-Android 2.0-Good browsing experience-Free turn-by-turn voice navigation-Huge number of apps on the Android Market-Decent battery life-Very solidly built-Physical keyboard-Very thin for a phone with slide out keyboardCons:-Keyboard could be improved-Camera shots are somewhat washed out-No multitouch in native apps (although apps downloaded from the Market do have Multitouch - its a software thing, not a Droid thing)-A bit heavySome of my favorite apps:-Better Keyboard, a replacement for the on screen keyboard.  WAY better than the stock Android keyboard-AppSwipe, Slightly more powerful task manager than included-Dolphin Browser, Adds multitouch, gestures, and some nice interface touches to the default browser-Twidroid, by far the best Twitter app on Android-Key Ring Rewards, stores all of your store cards (Safeway, QFC, Petco, Blockbuster, etc).  Don't carry around a dozen cards, just pop open Key Ring Rewards and it displays the scannable UPC-Listen, made by Google, downloads/finds/plays podcasts-My Tracks, also made by Google, works with Google Maps & GPS, tracks information about runs/walks/drives with speed, distance, etc-MotoTorch LED, uses the camera's LED flash as a flashlight-Quote Pro, the best stock app on Android-Pandora, free streaming music-Pure Grid Calendar, a nice home screen widgit for your calendar-Shazam, listens to music playing and tells you what song it is-SportsTap, the best sports scores/stats app on Android-TasKiller, kills all running apps to free up memory-Weather Widgits, gives you an HTC Sense-style weather flip clock widgit

This little phone is FANTASTIC. I have been playing around with it for the last 3 weeks. If yu are in the market for a new phone I would get this one.  Sure there are PROS and some CONS...... I hear there is an update comong very soon for the Android Operating system so I thinkk that will fix the bugs that some are whinning about... And dont forget its NEW, just came out in early November so I am sure it will just get better and better.The app market is weak for now but it took apple's iPhone a while to itergrate all those apps to download.  and some are very much useless...... like the Zippo Lighter App.....  c'mon...... who the hell would use that but maybe 3 times....... fun but for pete's sake.Give it a chance--- Its new!!!!!!!Sound is awesome, GPS is cool and works Fantastic. I have a Google account and it syncs my online account right to my phone, love the calendar and everything it has to offer.  I feel everything about this phone is COOL!!!!!! But as i said, I am sure there are some tech geeks out there that are going to "CON" something about this phone.Oh well, enough of my 2 cents........

I shall not bore you with a rehashing of what others have said. Although the phone has a long learning curve (it took me two months to really master it with speed), I only found one major, and easily curable flaw. It is virtually impossible not to accidently change the volume settings when handling the phone. The control has been placed in a horrible position. Now this problem is easily solved. There is an application on Market called "Volume Lock." It is nothing fancy. It simply locks all the volumes to your preferences. Then, when you pull out your phone and accidently change the volume settings, the app immediately changes them back. Now the phone is really great!Dan

I bought the Droid at a Verizon Store.First, off let me state that this is my first smartphone that I have owned; therefore, here is a brief initial impression regarding the Motorola Droid that I have.Screen:+ Decent size+ Images clear and bright+ Touch screen sensitive (for me it is a positive)+ Virtual keyboardPhysical Keyboard:- Flat and small, very easy to make typos unless someone has very small fingers or if someone likes to type very slowly.+ Five directional padMarket App Store+ Good selection of free and paid apps (quality is better than quantity in my opinion)So far, I downloaded:+ Droid Light App, uses the LED light for the camera to act as a flashlight it is basic simple and effective.+ Pandora for Internet radio, very nice+ Note Everything app is great since you can either type or leave a voice note.+ Aloqa app is great when you have the GPS turned on; it helps you find an ATM, bar, coffee, fast food, current movies ECT... that is near you.Physical Size; though big and bit heavy; I expect it to be that way since it is a smartphone so no negative points on that.- - Voice dialer is not very great. It does not properly recognize when I tried to say call so and so or call home. I even asked a few friends and same thing does not recognize voice correctly. HOWEVER...+ +Voice SEARCH is great. This does a better job at recognizing when I ask to search for something.Battery Life:OK I have read a few reviews both here and on Verizon website where people have complained about the short battery life. I have NOT experienced any short battery life.I believe that the reason why some are having a short battery life is because they have the Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS on as well as having the brightness level all the way up, screen time-out to say 30 minutes all of these on while using the Droid will certainly drain the battery very fast.There is a nice feature that shows what is consuming the battery, go to settings then scroll to the bottom; tap about phone, then tap battery use and you will see a list of different apps/programs and the percentage of battery usage of each item.Google Maps and Navigation:+ + + Very good I was in NYC twice and tried out the GPS just to see how effective it was and no disappointment. Sure once or twice I lost the GPS signal but when it did I did not have a clear view of the sky for the Droid.I used the Navigation twice when I drove home and it worked just like the TomTom I have. Only one small negative point, which another reviewer pointed out, is that there is no night-mode. It will not dim when it gets dark out; but that is not really a big issue.I have not received a call while the navigation is on as I am driving; but will need to test that part out.Camera:+/- The camera is nice and does take nice photos; however, camera phone are not a substitute for the real thing. Camera phone like the one on the Droid are good for taking at the moment pictures when you are out with friends or going about your daily routine.So use a standard digital camera for taking vacation pictures or important family moments photos.Internal phone storage:- Would like to have had the internal phone storage more than 230MB.Phone:The speaker on the phone is pretty good the few times I used it; better than the speaker phone on my previous flip-phone. Yes, it does not have a physical end and send button but I am getting use to it. There is a feature to add and merge calls although I have not tried it out and cannot comment on it.Having a standard 3.5mm jack is great; I can plug in a regular earplugs or even computer speakers if I need to.Overall, I like the phone; my suggestion for improvement for the next Droid model is either to improve the physical keyboard or go completely touchscreen.Drawing a pattern lock to unlock the phone is nice, but having a protective screen one can see the outline used to draw the pattern to unlock the phone. It would be nice to tap a pattern.I know there other reviewers who have written far better detailed review of the Droid but just wanted to share my review with everyone else.

I am a former owner of iphone of 2 years but after my phone was stolen I had no reason to tolerate AT&T;'s poor coverage anymore. I settled for Droid because it is only 7 month old model, compatible with Froyo and it is buy 1 get 1 free.I upgraded to Android 2.2 the next day.The hardware spec is similar to iPhone 3GS but slightly better. First up, the screen is really sharp and even at its brightest it is slightly difficult to see screen in sun. Live Wallpaper really rocks.The sound from speaker is crystal clear.I haven't used slider keyboard much simply because soft keyboard works just fine. I am a fast typist but iphone was great at auto suggesting words so end result was much faster and uninterrupted typing. I could only type at half the speed on Droid because for auto suggested word I have to stop typing to pick the word. I even had touch screen issues in some places - flicking photos in camera album didn't always respond well, using thumb slider in Contacts didn't work with left thumb with works great with right thumb.The icons on the phone are smaller than iPhone's so it could be harder to see for people with poorer vision. Market has many apps that are popular on iTune.I love the Car Home feature - navigation is as good as you would find on standalone GPS device. Voice search feature is very easy to use and accurate.I am little disappointed with the photos but the video is just great. Good thing is that it takes photos even in low light but pictures taken day time do not reproduce the original colors. Subject seems to be covered in white haze/fog. Video is very sharp and clear.Battery lasts me through the day with moderate use. You have to be careful what programs you run because multi tasking can really suck up your battery. I have turned off sound and vibrate for all alerts. Good thing is that settings shows which part of the phone uses most power (50% is used by the displayEmail accounts are easy to setup. Contacts and Calendar sync online which is very reassuring. Using cable to connect your phone to PC is so 20th century. Clock feature is very well designed so it can be kept at bedside.Overall, it is a good replacement for iPhone 3GS and I would recommend it. I bought my wife one too.

The very best cell phone for use on the road that I have ever used. And I have used a lot of them.Why?1. Great telephone sound -- hugely important when you make calls all day and night.2. Great email management -- integration with both gmail and Microsoft Outlook really works and keeps it all coming.3. Great Verizon network -- puts ATT/iPhone to shame; and even better than my prior Verizon Palm in difficult locations.4. Great music system -- I put in really nice headphones because it's 3.5 mm and my good cans go in easily. And provide great sound.5. Great maps -- in each town, it tells me where I am, and navigates me to where I'm going...no bumps in the road so far.6. Great keyboards -- the on screen keyboard is actually easier and less error prone than iPhone, and the flat slide-out keyboard backlighting actually helps in dark areas, and I find it as easy to use as the Blackberry and Palm 'bump' keyboards7. Great bright screen for youtube movies when I'm bored and need a break.What I'm saying is that it may be a geek's delight because it will do so much, and it may be incredibly versatile for people who want to play with app after app after app, but what I like is that it is so totally practical, so totally useful, so right for just taking care of business.8 Great extra batteries --- lasts most of the day, lot of juice in its battery, but best of all, can change batteries. Worst thing about iPhone is when it's dead, you're dead. Not so with this one.THIS PHONE TAKES CARE OF BUSINESS.

I switched from the BB storm and am very happy. Not once in the two week as I have had the phone have I wanted to throw the phone at the wall and brake it up for acting STUPID. The phone really acts like a phone when you need it to work as a phone. It also has the clearest screen I have ever seen on a phone before. The BB cannot compete with it. I have an Ipod touch and it is better than that in terms of the screen brightness. A lot of the apps I had on my Ipod touch have moved to Android and have all of my favorite apps that I have on the ipod. I works really well. This phone is really fast nd when it is hooked to my wifi even faster. The processor is the same as he iphone so you are getting the best of both words a phone that is the closet to the iphone and on a better and faster network. I love it.The video you can see on the phone is really outstanding. As far as I am concerned, this is a positive upgrade. I do still have the storm but will use it to transfer my number to my phone.  This phone can also upload to you tube and works very well to use your google voice account. Dont have one? Get one to make free call over the internet and on your cell phone carrier as well.con:Some apps don't work well in the land scape mode. Have seen some minor crashes but for the most part very nice. I am a power user and use many apps though out the day. the battery life is very goodThe keyboard is not very good very flat but i use the touch keyboard and it is very Iphone like. Very smooth. If you have used and Ipod touch or the Iphone you can use this keyboard.I recommend the DROID.

Droid is heavy, clunky, big, and has hard to use keyboard.  Compared with the iPhone and others, there is nothing special about the Droid phone.  I will return this one and wait for Google's new phone - a phone that is reportedly faster and easier to use than Droid.To bad for Motorola.  They have yet to come up with a device that competes effectively with iPhone.  Since the Razr they have only produced junk or not very good or interesting follow-me products!  What happened to this once innovative leader?

Pros:* Physical Keyboard - Small and cramped, but perfect for someone who frequently hits the wrong keys with the on-screen one.  It is also easier to hold the device when surfing the web.  If you aren't a fast typer (as I am on phones) the complaints against the keyboard are less important.* Weight - slightly heavier than an iPhone but it feels more solid and durable.* Easy to navigate - phone does not come with a user manual but one with average computer experience can pick it up quickly.* GPS - still in beta, but works well enough to get around NYC by car.  (Buy the mount if it will be your primary GPS device).* Google Voice - integrated into phone - seamlessly integrated to allow it to call/answer phones based on a variety of scenarios rather than using Verizon minutes.  (i.e. Automatically call using VOIP for international calls)* 5MP camera - it won't take a picture worthy of a frame, but more than decent for web postings on the go.Cons:* Tacky default "Droid" settings - The phone starts up by saying "Droid".  Easy to turn it off though.  The red eye reminds me of LOTR. I just wish that could be turned off too.* Web app is a little buggy going back and forth between web pages. Sometimes it skips one or two pages back.* Needs multi-touch (i.e. pinch-zoom)  There have been countless times I tap to zoom in and click inadvertently on a link.* Application Marketplace is a mess - no sort capabilities (i.e. # downloads, rating), organized by 8 main categories.  Few quality apps exist- but hopefully will take off soon.  (Recommended - Pandora, last.fm, Weather Channel, TV.com)* Sharp corners - the iPhone is more comfortable to hold for extended periods of time when talking.* Sound quality on calls is average at best.  By far the worst phone for wind noise.  A slight breeze will render a conversation unintelligible.* Lack of music management software - Extreme default bare-bones app to listen to music by artist/album/song/playlist. No way to easily sort music.  (something similar to iTunes would be ideal) Haven't been able to find a 3rd party app to replace it yet.  One plus - there are some 3rd party apps to connect remotely to your PC's music collection (i.e. Gmote 2.0) but they are still buggy.* Some websites are hard to click on intended links.  (Not sure if it is the touchscreen or the website, but it is frustrating none the less)* There are the basic camera settings (i.e. Camera flash, scenes, etc.) but they are frustrating to set. (The back button doesn't work when navigating through the sub menus.  Each time you want to go to another category you need to reopen the settings)

Here is the bottom line and the deal breaker; the sound quality is un-acceptable. You will be able to hear callers very clearly, but you will sound muffled and hard to understand. I suggest you go to a Verizon store, call your voice mail system and leave yourself a message, then listen to it, compare it with other Android phones. Have tried it with atleast 4 different Droid phones at 3 different stores, same result.

The Droid is an excellent phone.  It handles everything I need a phone for (voice and texting) very well, but comes with a first rate camera (with flash), GPS, and all the functionality that apps and widgets can bring to it.For texting, I like a QWERTY keyboards, and the slide out keyboard on the Droid is excellent, both large enough and with a good tactile 'click' to the keystrokes.  The downside of this is that the phone is a little on the large side, to accomodate the larger keyboard, but this is a trivial issue for me.I've been very happy with the camera, taking both still and movies with excellent results.  The flash is a very nice feature, and something I missed using other camera phones.The GPS and navigation software are very good.  The ability to access Google Earth satellite imagery on the maps is a huge benefit, and proved useful on a recent trip off the beaten paths.  Even without satellite coverage, cell towers can give you a modest degree of accuracy, enough for highway driving, but not fine enough for cities or wilderness.The apps have been great for me, providing me with weather, sun (almanac and sunspot activity), moon, tides, and other information useful when travelling, or just going to the beach.  The various news feeds, the flashlight app for the photo flash, and some of the other, more frivolous apps have been fun too, but haven't had the direct impact on my life that the ones I mentioned first did.The only disappointment is the battery life.  I get about three hours of high use (web browsing, or other high processor use), and about two days of 'normal' use out of a charge.  I'd *really* like a more robust battery for this phone.Aside from the battery, the Droid is an incredible tool, and has already made itself indispensible.E. M. Van Court

I purchased the phone from Verizon, not Amazon.  It is the first phone I've had which I'll do more than carry my phone book and make calls.Going from a flip and dial to a smart phone can be annoying, but if you down load the pdf instructions it makes it very simple.My must have:1. Speaker & Call strength I'm told I sound ok, and I am receiving excellent call clarity.2. Phone book from plam desk top - I downloaded it, but it doesn't sync so I'll have to keep notes on desk top and numbers in phone.Nice stuff:1. I've started texting (replys) and am starting to use my facebook account.2. Free apps are easy to use, I got one that uses the camara flash as a flashlight for emergencies, Google star map (needs GPS),3. Google Voice Search - Now I just ask my phone questions and I get the RIGHT answer.The battery life is good (if you turn off the GPS).This was an excellent buy, monthly service is 30-40 dollars more, but I think it was worth it.

This is a great device: wonderful high-resolution screen, lots of built-in functionality, lots of third party applications, good voice quality.  The GPS is fast and accurate.The Droid is particularly nice to use with Google's services: you can sync your calendar, E-mail, contacts, photos, and other content with Google.  There is also support for many other online services and E-mail providers.There are some issues with it: the keys on the keyboard are flat, making them hard to type on despite actually being quite large for a cell phone; the device is fairly heavy; the camera isn't all that great; and battery life is fairly limited.  But these are similar to other current generation smart phones.I ditched my iPhone for this and the natural question is: how does it compare?  Apple locks down the iPhone very tightly and they try to control what you can and cannot do (probably to help their other businesses).  There are classes of applications that Apple simply will not approve, so you don't have an alternative but using Apple's software; if that doesn't work for you, tough. On the Droid, you can pretty much install what you like, and there are plenty alternatives to the built-in apps.  The iPhone also really likes to be used in connection with a desktop machine for syncing, and if you don't use iTunes, you lose out on some functionality.  The Droid, on the other hand, happily lives in the cloud; you don't need to connect it to a PC ever.There are some apps from the iPhone that I miss.  The iPhone also is lighter and slimmer.  But on the whole, I'm a lot happier with the Droid than I was with the iPhone.

This is my first Smartphone, so I have nothing to compare it to.  I guess if you are used to using something else, of course you will not like anything that is different.  I love the design.  It stays in my hands.  My friends are constantly dropping their curvy iphones.  The rubberized back, weight of the phone and the lip at the bottom allow me to use this phone with one hand, with the keyboard open or closed.  I love the keyboard, but again, I have never had a phone with a keyboard, so I can't compare it to others.  The design of this phone may not be stylish, but it is totally more functional than the curvy lightweight phones.  I hope they don't change the design.I see people complain about not having the the multi-touch pinch zoom. (this is actually available if you want it)  The one tap zoom is awesome and easy to use!  Pinch zoom is very awkward if you happen to have fingernails.The reception on this phone is amazing!  I live in the mountains and rarely got reception with my LG phone.  I had to hook it up to amplifiers & antennas to get a usable signal.  I don't have to hook this Droid up to my antennas to access the internet or make calls!  The signal is not great, but it's usable most of the time and it gets great reception hooked up to the antennas.This phone has eliminated my need for a net book.  It does everything my laptop does.  I have an internet business and always need to be checking up on things, answering emails, etc.  I no longer have to fire up my desktop or drag my laptop everywhere I go.  The droid is like a pocket laptop, a phone, a mp3 player, a GPS and more, I love it!The battery life is no different than my LG that had an extended battery.I have had no problems at all with this phone.It comes with a home charger, that has a USB data cable that plugs into it.  So you can also use the cable to hook up to your computer.  The cable also charges the phone when it is hooked up to your computer.  I can also use the cable with my ZEN car charger that has the same USB plug in design.  Thanks Motorola!

I got the Motorola Android about 2 weeks ago, and I'm very happy with it.I came from a BB storm that was fairly dependable, but sluggish and basically good for emails and phone calls.  I had hoped  the iPhone was coming to Verizon but since it didn't, I checked out the Droid, and I think I got a fair amount of the things that I wanted from an iPhone, and some things that aren't currently available on an iPhone.I'm not saying it is better than an iPhone, or even as polished.  But it definitely works for me.I now have a phone that runs lots of useful apps (most of which cost nothing), integrates well with Google services, and is something I'd be unhappy to leave at home.I use Gmail for my primary email account (and forward other email to my Gmail account), and checking, navigating, searching, categorizing, etc. my email from my phone is convenient and easy.Google Voice integrates very well with this phone, even if you just want to use it to transcribe your voice mail and send the text to your email. I rarely have to sit and listen to dozens of voice mails anymore, just read through them and play the audio only when necessary (yay!).Maps for navigation is outstanding, at least as long as you have a connection.  I've used it several times on trips and gotten great results.  While streaming music through Pandora, the turn by turn navigation would pop in and give the next set of directions, then go immediately back to the music :)Voice recognition is usually amazingly good.  I downloaded an app that made voice input available anywhere, but I understand that the upcoming 2.1 OS update is supposed to take care of this anyway.Using the browser (I actually use the third party Dolphin browser, with multi touch support), is something I do many times a day.  It is fast and quite usable - on my old phone I avoided using the browser except in rare circumstances.Video is beautiful and performance makes viewing vids in hi def a feasible choice - I usually do this unless I'm somewhere with a weak signal (and that happens pretty rarely in my area luckily).Recorded video looks and sounds pretty darn good for a smart phone, in my opinion.  The camera interface is pretty basic, but I'm hoping for an update soon to take better advantage of the hardware.I sometimes use the physical keyboard, but I find the on-screen keyboard more convenient usually, in landscape mode that is.  In portrait mode I just can't hit the little on-screen keys reliably enough.Apps - this is the one thing I missed the most on my old phone, and there are enough available for the Droid to soothe my iPhone envy.  The ones like Shazam, barcode scanners, keyrings, that sort of thing that my iPhone bearing friends constantly showed off - there are versions of many of those apps for the Droid.  With a nice bookreader app, a few games, fast browser etc. , I'm much less impatient waiting for the Dentist and such these days.I mostly listen to Pandora for music, so I can't specifically speak to the complaints about the music player - it really does seem pretty basic though.  I haven't really looked for a third party app for that yet, which is the first thing I would do if I started playing a lot of purchased music.Battery - yeah, if I use the phone heavily without charging I will find myself low on power before the day is done.  Usually it isn't a problem because when I'm at my desk or in my car I just plug in.  But at some point I might consider an extended life battery or maybe just a backup.Another point in favor of this phone is that my wife, who is kind of impatient with technology and really insisted that she just wanted to stay with her basic phone, is pretty hooked on her Droid too (I got her one at the same time that I got mine).Bottom line is, if in a year Verizon gets the iPhone I'll actually have a decision to make - that is pretty surprising for me considering how badly I'd been hoping for that to happen.

The best review from a former iPhone and Blackberry user.This phone is everything that the G1 and MyTouch 3G should have been, but better. This device comes with Eclair (Android OS 2.0). This is a great PDA smart phone for anyone who is heavy into texting, emailing, and surfing the web. It's a full featured phone, but at the same time it's nothing groundbreaking. There is definitely some acclimation when it comes to the Droid because I am so use to my Blackberry Bold 8900 and I think its one of the best built devices with a very responsive well built OS. If you're looking for a device that is very similar to the iPhone on the Verizon network then this is probably the closest that you will ever get.Android OS - Many people have said that the Android OS is a game changer since its release back in the fall of 2008. It seemed like the only thing at the time to combat with the forces of the iPhone. To some extent it is and to some extent it's just not quite there yet. To be honest it's a bit on the clunky side. It does take a few seconds to exit out of certain applications, or to even get to the main home screen menu when exiting out of email and texting. When you become so use to using your cell phone for just about everything - speed is everything. That also includes how responsive and quick your phones OS is. My only gripe is that I wish there wasn't that few second lag in-between operations.Email - This is also not an Android device that has Google branding with it. It's just a Motorola phone using the Android OS. There is NO G1 branding logo anywhere. However, you can still sync up your Google email address, but the Gmail feature is such a disappointment. Synchronization has to be turned on for the Gmail to function to the best of its ability & that's a BIG battery draining feature. You can also sync your Yahoo & AOL email addresses. The AOL and Yahoo email feature is way better then Gmail and doesn't require synchronization to be turned on. This helps save tremendous battery power. When you send an email from your desktop it doesn't come to the phone right away, but you can set the phone to check for new emails every 15 mins, 30 mins, or manually, etc. It doesn't work the same with Gmail which is a big let down. I am a big fan of the Blackberry and it's the only device on the market that gets an email within 2 seconds of sending it. The same can't be said for the Android OS. Much work needs to be done.Web Browser - One of the best features on any android device including the Cliq is the web browser. Surprisingly, it doesn't launch Google as the main homepae when you click browser. The Android Browser is probably one of the best browsers on the market right now and is up there with the Safari Browser and the Palm Pre's browser. You can't pinch and zoom to enlarge the way you can on the iPhone, but there are zoom in controls which are easy to use. You also get a dedicated YouTube app that lets you watch Youtube videos. Though the video clips aren't as sharp as the iPhone - There is a setting and option when you are watching the YouTube clip where you can see the videos in "Higher Quality" so its crystal sharp and less blurry.There is a big difference that one will notice when switching from standard to HIGHER QUALITY.Instant Messaging - The DROID comes with Yahoo Messenger, Google Talk, and AIM pre-installed. My Blackberry 8900 came with all 3 and included ICQ & Windows Live. Another thing about the IM that was such a disappointment is that synchronization had to be activated in order for you to sign into the messaging client, which in turn drains the battery power like crazy. This was such a disappointment. My BB never had this issue. You sign in and start chatting. There was no extra setting that had to be activated in order to chat, but on the DROID & because of Android it's a requirement. The extra requirement only means that you have to charge you phone twice in one day because of heavy unnecessary usage.Motorola really could have done a better job with the DOIRD, especially for the price. But I think most of the minor flaws have to do with the Android OS. I was originally an iPhone user that became a Blackberry user and I have to hand it to the Blackberry because it's quick, responsive, and built in such a way that its function is superb. Everything from Email to text to instant messaging is just so quick. There is hardly any lag and it's easy to learn how to use & exit the operation quickly. The Blackberry so far is the best PDA I have ever used, but its web browser needs work.Synchronization - This option is probably what I hate most about this phone. As stated before my Yahoo & AOL email comes pretty quick, not right after I send it but usually within 10 mins or so. The same cant be said Gmail. In order for you to get your Gmail more quickly the synchronization has to be turned on which in turn kills the battery like crazy. This also has to be turned on in order to instant message. No other phone does this but an Android phone. However, you should pick up the DROID phone because it's still a winner. There are some minor flaws, but the pros outweigh the negative.Pros:Android OS (Can be a pro & a con)Full HTML Web BrowserThreaded Text messageEmail syncAndroid MarketplaceFull qwerty keyboardYouTube Application5.0 camera/camcorderBig vibrant screen3.5 MM headjackMini SD up to 32GBUse your songs as ringersWi-FiPersonal Email (Up to 10 accounts can be added)IMExcellent Multimedia PlayerIncludes 2 chargers (Wall Charger & USB charger)T-Mobile offers the best minute and data plans on this planetCons:Poor Battery Life (Lower light setting and turn off synchronization to save power)Gmail is a disaster (Not push capable)Needs better notification options when next text/emails come throughNo PUSH email capabilityTrackball (I miss you)Occasional lag time when entering/exiting a screen/appMicro USB (No more Mini USB)No free carry caseOver PRICED Data Plans

I wanted an iphone so bad... but verizon and I have been together through thick and thin and they always have been good and I am a big fan of customer loyalty if you treat me right.  Droid has a big screen.  Droid can talk to the real internet.  Droid can store and play all your music.  Droid can talk to your email, even free yahoo email (look online to see how to do it).  The battery life is pretty good, and it feels like a real phone.  Sadly heavy electronics are reliable electronics, cheap stuff is light.  The applications are great and growing.  What else could you ask for.  The keyboard is a bit redundant in my opinion, but I am so happy with how fast the phone works.  If you are undecided, suck it up and pay the money for a good phone.  Buy it once, buy it right.  You could spend less, but cheap stuff just breaks.  WIth this phone you'll be happy, and thats what your money is for right?

I hate this phone. I hate, hate, hate, hate, hate this phone. I liked it when I first got it but I have grown to despise it with a passion and intensity bordering on irrationality. The design is great, but the execution is so incredibly poor that I've come perilously close to smashing it with a hammer or hurling it against a wall.The interface is sluggish and the touch screen often nonresponsive. Apps and browser windows crash and freeze with regularity. It can take up to 40 seconds for the icons to reappear on the home screen when closing an app window.Web browsing is slow, erratic, unpredictable and massively frustrating. It can take several minutes to load a web page, even with a 3G connection and 4 bars. Tap a link by mistake and it can take 15 minutes to get back to where you were, because when you tap "stop" it wipes the screen blank and you have to go back and reload the page you were looking at to begin with, which can take a few minutes. Leave the browser momentarily to check email or skip to the next song, and you're back to square one; sometimes it just wipes the screen blank and starts to reload the page (again, which can take several minutes), and sometimes you lose your open web page(s) altogether and it resets to Google; all this is impossible to predict or control. There are days when I only manage to reach and read one web page during an entire hour-long commute. Web pages often freeze and become nonresponsive to taps and scrolling.Native email client also needs to be shut down and reset regularly, because for no reason it will simply stop getting new messages and hang when you try to do it manually.Streaming apps like iHeartRadio and SlingPlayer crash constantly and are rife with annoying glitches. 3G signal may change to 1x during streaming, but not the other way around; you have to close everything down and wait for the phone to reconnect at 3G. And of course, when a streaming app fails, you have to choose between restarting it and keeping the web page you're reading, because if you leave the browser to deal with the streaming app (or the music app, or the email app, or any other app), as described above, it can take forever to get that page back.The device also does a poor job with photos and especially video. It plays a lot fewer video file types than advertised; almost as bad as the iPhone in that regard. 5-year-old Creative Zen does a better job than this playing multiple formats.GPS often fails as well; recently drove all the way from Cornwall-on-Hudson, NY to Nassau County, Long Island without the device picking up a satellite signal, and when it did it had me in Pennsylvania somewhere.Does a bad job handling Bluetooth; headset has to be shut off & reset every time a different audio app is started.In short, this phone is well-designed and conceived but does a dreadful job of all the things I mainly got it for. Android is supposed to be an OS that multitasks, but it is terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE at it. This is a great phone in theory, and an absolutely G-d-awful phone in practice.

I had been dying to get my hands on the Motorola Droid since I first saw it. In fact, I was practically counting down the days until the date of my phone upgrade. And let me just say, now that I have the phone, I have not been disappointed one bit.The Droid is my first smartphone. Prior to this, I had a Samsung Glyde, so it was quite a change moving to the Droid. After reading about people having difficulties learning their way around it, I was a bit apprehensive. However, I soon found out I had no need to be. The phone was incredibly easy to figure out. Always a plus.I text a lot, so having a good keyboard is very important. The virtual keyboard works great in both portrait and landscape. I type with my thumbs and have not had any difficulties. I didn't expect the physical keyboard to be that great considering the buttons are so flat and close together. But after a few tries, I have really gotten used to the keyboard and can now use it just fine, without any mistakes.My phone doesn't get a tremendous amount of use during the day so I have no complaints about battery life. Usually I'm just texting, reading emails, occasionally surfing the web, and checking Twidroid (for Twitter) every now and then. I do charge my phone every day to ensure that I always have good battery life. (I used to charge my Samsung Glyde every other day.) However, this has not been a problem at all thanks to being able to charge my phone through my Macbook Pro with the USB connector.Call quality has been perfect for me. I can hear people clearly. They hear me clearly. No dropped calls. The Droid does a great job at being a phone, in my opinion. Plus, one of my favorite features is the proximity sensor. This makes the screen black out whenever you put the phone up to your ear while on a call. The second I take the phone away from my ear, the display lights back up. It works great every time.The camera on this phone might not be spectacular compared to an actual camera, but it does take good pictures. Everything always comes out nice and clear.Overall the Droid is a fantastic phone. It's great for messaging, Gmail, surfing the web, apps, and just being a phone. I'm so glad I purchased the Droid over a BlackBerry. I couldn't be happier!PROS:- big screen- physical keyboard- good battery life- nice camera and video camera- App Market- Gmail sync- threaded messaging- WiFi capabilityCONS:- USB cable is very short- screen is automatically unlocked when stock alarm goes off (I don't want to accidentally turn an alarm off while it's in my handbag or something.)

Review is split by Pros, Cons, and Negligible Factors (to me, but maybe not to you) -- I've had the Droid for 2 weeks now, and already can't imagine life without it.  Overall, I give it an 8 out of 10. I also have an iPod Touch (how I became familiar with iPhone's platform), and an ancient work BlackBerry -- I count the Droid as my first "real" smartphone.THINGS I LIKE- Total gmail, calendar, maps, google-happy-sync world: All you do is enter your gmail address and password, and boom. Your whole life is on there (assuming you live on google apps).- Android 2.0: Super solid. App switching is AWESOME. Much like google itself, I didn't realize how much I needed it until I had it.  Today on the Metro I was looking up a Mark Bittman recipe and while that was loading, I sent an email and checked my calendar.  To be able to do all that at once is a huge advantage the Android platform has over iPhone.  Also background updating is nice.- Service: It works on the DC Metro. It works everywhere. And it's pretty fast.  Typically less than 10-15 sec for page loads.- Design:  It's only 1mm thicker than iPhone, and about an ounce heavier. I was pleasantly surprised by how portable it is.- Battery life: A single charge powers a day of regular use, easy -- 2 days with light use.- Screen: I'm not a pixel snob by any means, but the screen is GORGEOUS. Resolution and image quality are fantastic. The touchscreen keyboard is a pleasant surprise -- autofill is as good, if not better, than the one on my iPod Touch (same as iPhone's). I use it way more than I expected, partly because it's so easy to use, partly because the keyboard is so bad (more on that later).- Sound quality:  I'm not much of a phone person, but my family is -- talked to my mom for 20 minutes today. Everything she said was crystal clear.- Price: $149 with my New Every 2 discount. That's a great deal. Monthly bill is about $100, which is expensive, but standard for smart phones, and worth it to me.THINGS I DON'T LIKE- Keyboard: Surprisingly bad. Flat keys, not very responsive, which makes it hard to type quickly w/o mistakes. And I have small, nimble Asian fingers. Maybe I just need more practice?- (For Outlook/Exchange users): No "search" function in the Droid's internal email client! There's a search in the gmail app, but if you aren't using gmail, you'll want to throw this phone into a wall. Alternately, you can download a $20 app by Touchdown that will fix this.  Still, WTF?!  That's a crazy oversight.- Camera: It's OK, but hard to focus.  I expected better from a 5MP w/flash. I looked it up online, and other users had similar complaints, but expect it to be fixed with a software update.- On/off/sleep switch: Why is this located on a tiny button on the top right and not on the front? This is the only flaw of the design, but it's a pretty annoying one, seeing as you use the on/off/sleep switch so often.THINGS I DON'T CARE ABOUT, BUT YOU MIGHT- Music player: Music menu isn't great (though sound quality is), but I don't use phones as MP3 players anyway. I prefer my hot pink ipod nano.- App selection: There are enough to keep me happy, and plenty of freebies.  Recommend Spare Parts to keep tabs of all your apps and their battery drain.  Bar code scanner is included too. [Side note: I know Apple has 140K apps for iPhone/iPod Touch, but honestly, I've never cared much for them. I'm generally against useless time-sucks like the bubble wrap game, or the one that turns your iPhone into a flute or other wind instrument.  Like, that was fun for the first 5 minutes, um, now what?]- Video camera: All the reviews say the video recorder is excellent, but I never use it.- Storage: 16gb is more than enough for me.  You can add up to 32gb total.

I've own many of the Verizon smart phones including the Treo, Moto Q, XV6700, Sage, Omnia, Touch Pro, Blackberry Curve, Storm1, etc.  The Droid is the best VZW smart phone I've ever used.LIKES- Nice, big screen.  The touch interface is will done.- Full exchange email support including calendar, contact sync, and email folders.  Separate corporate calendar is cool too.- Voice search is the bomb. I searched "McDonalds", "home depot", and "gas station" and found the closest ones to my location.  I searched on "Phone John Smith Mobile" and droid made the phone call.  I even searched "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" and got the wiki page. lol-  The free GPS is excellent.  The satellite layer is awesome.  I was going to buy a GPS so the Droid saved me a couple bucks.- Facebook contact integration is nice.- Tethering is available via the PDANet app.- Battery life is surprisingly decent.  I returned many good windows mobile phones simply because of the lack luster battery life.DISLIKES- No Send or End Buttons.  I'd much prefer initiating and terminating a call with dedicated buttons- Flat keyboard causes some typos. The top row of keys are too close to the bottom of the screen.- I don't like the window shade motion for notifications.  I'd prefer a simple button press.- When viewing emails in landscape mode, the on-screen Delete button is right next to the back button.  I deleted 2 emails already. :-P- I've observed some button press glitches when switching between landscape and portrait mode.- No pitch and zoom in the browser.  Browser seems a bit slower than with the iPhone and the Palm Pre.- Many operations require a couple extra button presses compared to my old Blackberry.- Right now, I'd only recommend the Droid to people with a bit of geek in them.VS IPHONEThe Droid is a worthy alternative but it doesn't sniff the iPhone's total user experience.  Syncing media with your iPhone is much easier.  The iPhones web browser is still the best on any phone.  The Droid's customization capability, voice search, awesome free gps, and comparable development platform does put it on the same playing field with the iphone.  The Droid however still has to make the UI a little more polished and take steps to make syncing with your computer more seamless.  Right now, I'd only recommend the Droid for people that have a slightly higher geek meter.VS BLACKBERRYCha... I never asked my Blackberry to do much more than send messages and make calls.  And to date, it still does it better than any other device I have ever used.  The sleep case, keyboard, trackball, and typing short cuts makes the BB the most efficient device you will use for messaging.  The Droid (and the iPhone) will require extra button presses to complete the same tasks.  Heck, the sleep case alone allows you to check a message without pressing a button. ;-)BOTTOM LINEThis is a great Verizon smart phone, possibly the best.  The voice search works brilliantly.  It's unbelievably good.  The GPS is great.  The Droid development platform seems decent.  I especially like the Droid's full exchange support.  The Droid's battery seems decent but I'll find out for sure after a couple weeks at work.  It's certainly not as bad as the launch Palm Pre-  the Pre's battery life would count down in front of your eyes. :-POne major gripe I have with the device is the lack of Send and End buttons.  I would never ship a phone that doesn't have Send and End buttons.  I prefer to locate these buttons by feel rather than locating them on the touch screen.Another gripe is that many functions on the Droid requires several extra button presses to accomplish the same task versus my old BlackBerry.  I just have to wonder if phone manufacturers ever have business people test their phone. (I'm available, Motorola! ;-)Should you try the Droid? Absolutely!  BlackBerry users should hang on to their receipts however.  You will give up some efficiencies in exchange for the Droid's advanced features.

This phone is absolutely useless. I've had it for about eight months and it's completely packed in. The headphones were the first to break, all of the applications crash on a regular basis, the voice recognition software turns itself on and makes calls so often and so randomly (a particular highlight was it calling my friend's voice mail at four in the morning - he lives in Australia) and if you try to unistall it, it just starts behaving even more erratically, flight mode turns itself on all of the time, people are constantly telling me that they can't get through to me even when I have full signal and it unlocks so easily.

This phone just does everything so well.  I am listening to mp3's right now and the sound is amazing. There have been complaints about the keypad, but really it's not bad once you get used to it. The internet experience is great! The screen has amazing resolution and streaming vids look crisp and clear. Call quality is good. I think my old Nokia e71 had slightly better call quality, but not much better. I am not a Gmail user, but have had an account stored there for a while with my Hotmail user name and I added my contact list and it was instantly transferred to the phone. There are so many apps I don't know where to start (have to research this).  Verizon, you got me now...after 16 years with ATT, Cingular, and ATT. Wake up ATT and join the Droid revolution!After a few more days with the phone I am even more amazed. Movies on this phone are incredible...I just wish Amazon would get with the program and start offering MP4 downloads for Androids (just like they offer the mp3 downloads). For now your only option is to take it off of a DVD or take chances on a sketchy download site. There is a free browser available that uses multi-touch (yes the hardware can do this), called Dolphin and it works quite well on the Droid. The more I use this phone the more I like it....warning it can be addictive.

I've had an iphone and the Env2. I like the various features of this model, and at the time I purchased the iphone I thought it was simply too much phone so I sold it. I appreciate that there's a host of free applications available for the Droid and I like that I can have most of my music collection on this model. I've found a way to connect my phone to the stereo system in my Jeep which allows me to listen to my music library.Pretty good so far, eh?Flaw 1: the screen is way too sensitive. I've found other people who have the same experience and when I encounter people who are using this phone, I like to engage them in conversation and we usually have the same experience. I tried using various screen protectors and still wasn't satisfied. I find that I'll be in conversation and my cheek will touch the screen or my finger will graze the screen which sets off a number of apps.Flaw 2: The battery life is less than impressive. I have a sense that various smart phones have the same problem. I'm thankful that Verizon actually acknowledged this issue and let me know that they will be releasing an update or an extended battery to address this problem.I don't have a problem with the call quality and I like that the technology is state-of-the-art at the moment. Before I bought the Droid I contemplated getting another Iphone as I like the GUI, however, there's been so much bad press about the service, reception, and other issues with using the phone that I couldn't wrap my brain around the idea of signing up with AT&T; one more time. I never liked their customer service..I always felt like I needed high-blood pressure medication when ever I called in for help.

Got the Droid for $69.99 after $50 Bing cashback by searching at Bing then purchasing at Wirefly.  The phone is amazing.  Android is going to be bigger than iPhone by the end of 2010.

The droid is a great phone. The call quality is super good. Get's a great signal, where my LG enV didn't. The GPS kills it! My fav app is My Tracks. There are plenty of apps in the Marketplace that do everything you need to have done, plus some... Screen is big and bright. Speaker is a bit crusty when it is really loud on speaker phone, but it's not a boom-box. However, you can hear sound well through it. The slide out keyboard is worthless. I think I have used it twice. There is no ? mark on it! I mean, that's perty basic. The onscreen keyboard is great. The Droid shoots great video and pics. 3G is fast enough for everything I have used it for, even SKYPE CALLS! That's right VOIP! Verizon works better in the rural environment, where I live, than it does in the city... but there is WiFi everywhere in the city. I like the integration with my gmail account and calendar. I am more than happy with this purchase. Great phone overall.

Positives: Versatility, sound quality, power/speed, available applications, navigation capabilities, browsing speed, ability to customize (think Linux.) One word: NAVIGATION/GPS (OK, that's 2 words). Overall, better than the Moto Q9M. I still lust for my old Palm Treo but that was 4 years ago and the new Treo Plus just doesn't grab me the same way...Cons: Keyboards - Neither the virtual nor the physical keyboards are particularly easy to use. I apparently have fat fingers which presents a challenge. The physical keyboard is especially disappointing; totally flat keys (not like the Moto Q, which are 'domed') making it difficult to select the correct key. Very difficult to type accurately or quickly. Battery life leaves a bit to be desired but between the car charger and a USB cable to my laptop, I am doing OK.

Push-up keyboard is the worst i've seen or used to date. However the horizontal touchscreen is very good. In essence the push-up keyboard is a complete waste. Besides that and a few small issues like the screen occasionally not reappearing when you pull it away from your ear (which means you can't end the phone call), and the battery cover coming off to easily, it's fantastic! Very fast, great screen, easy to use, great camera, and great at recording video. Verizon gives you 30 days to try it, I think you'll love it!

I finally traded in my Samsung SCH-i760 for this phone, and I can honestly tell you that I will never look back.  I have never owned an iphone, so I cannot provide that comparison, but if you have already sold your soul to Verizon but are using a non-3G or (especially) an old 3G device, go buy this one now.  I am actually still trying to break the habit of closing apps to free up space - because on this phone it's been totally unnecessary thus far.  The quality of the applications are very good, and the android market make it easy to determine (by using customer reviews) which solutions are the best for you.A few of my favorite things I can do with this device (So far...):-Enjoy an very crisp screen with excellent touch performance-Speak rather than type text messages, search terms, and anything else! (TalktoMe Keyboard for $0.99 USD)-Use Google Voice an/or Visual Voicemail (FREE)-Excellent email & Calendar syncing/management-Listen to the radio, news shows, and podcasts-Use FREE GPS Navigation with traffic that is constantly updated-Read e-books (Aldiko application (FREE))-Keep all of my shopper/discount cards (CVS, grocery, etc) logged in my phone rather than carrying or forgetting all of them (Key Ring FREE)-Scan barcodes to conduct price comparisons, read reviews, and find coupons while shopping (Shopsavvy FREE and Mycoupons FREE)-If I lose my phone, I can send it a text and it will turn up the volume and ring for a specified duration while I search for it! (Where's my droid FREE)Other positive notes:-The battery charges quickly (~1.5-2 hours from fully drained)-5mp camera, while it won't compete with a real camera (with bigger lens, etc), is pretty good for a thin/small phone camera-The 3G connection seems to work much faster than my older phoneThe Cons- The keyboard is not very good, but it's not terrible.  The touch keyboard actually works well, swype has a beta version out for andriod, and with the TalktoMe application, I don't type much anyway!- The phone has so many uses, I do have to keep my USB cable handy for a quick charge-If you are a slingbox user, there is not yet a slingbox application for android

This is by FAR the best phone I have ever owned. I am a loyal Verizon customer, since I know service from other carriers (cough::ATT::cough) is no where near as good.. atleast in my location in the Northeast. Which is why I refused to dig in for the notorious iPhone. Although I do not have an iPhone.. I do have a iPod Touch 2G 32GB, which is almost its equal (minus the texting, calling, etc.) And you may ask why I talk rubbish against competitors' services; it is because my family/close friends have ATT/Sprint/T-Mobile/Boost.. all of which they have complained about numerously with their dropped calls and lack of service in areas.So, as for the phone itself, it is everything I could possibly want in a phone.PROS:-The display is BEAUTIFUL.. (more pixels than the iPhone)-The Android OS is wonderful.. very easy to customize and to use.-The Browser is fast and the best I have seen on a phone. (Yes, better than the iPhone's.. especially since the 2.1 update has multitouch to zoom, and still has the zoom in/out buttons on screen, which by the way, allows you to read text much better since it perfectly aligns the text on screen so you do not have to scroll left/right.)-The 3G on this phone is almost as fast as WiFi.. and yes, I use both constantly.-The GPS is the best GPS I've ever used, thanks to Google Maps. Better than Garmin and TomTom.. hands down.-The App Store (Marketplace) is just as good, if not better than Apple's. I have an app that has every major TV show, every season, every episode. (app is called JetFlicks) I use it everyday at work.. Shhh! My boss hasn't caught on yet. (I'm watching Lost right now at work as I write this.) I also have atleast 50 other apps, most of them are free.-The physical keyboard is a major plus.. at first I didn't like it or use it much.. now that I am use to it, I use it ALL the time. Very convenient.-The camera is the best I've used on a phone.. the video recorder as well. Isn't a replacement for a real digital camera, but it definitely works for those times you don't have one in hand. 5MP is very good for a phone, in my opinion.-Speakerphone and the regular listening to in-calls is superior to any other phone I've had.Many other PROS.. but can't think of them right now.CONS:-Battery Life is a little low.. which is obvious since of the great display. I offset some of this using the Advanced Task Killer (free on the mktplace) and such.. but still burns pretty well. I bought another battery on Amazon for $10 to carry with me at times. Can't do that with the infamous iPhone..-The phone is a bit heavy.. heaviest phone I have ever had, but this is most likely since it seems so sturdy. Its made of all metal and glass.-Sometimes the phone lags when too many apps are running. It also needs to reboot sometimes by taking the battery in and out (this happens about once every 2wks.) Not a major problem in my opinion.-The volume rocker can easily be touched, which is noted in many reviews I've seen.To be honest, I can't think of any other Cons at the moment. I'm sure there might be a couple more, but nothing serious.So what are you waiting for?! Go get the MOTO DROID!!!! DROID DOES (more than you think)!!!!!

My husband and I bought Droids about six weeks ago. We loved them, thought they were very solidly built and generally were raving about them to everyone.This past weekend I was out of town at a conference when I noticed my phone seemed to be sticking on something when I tried to slide it in or out. It wasn't consistent, more intermittent but sometimes it would slide easily on only one side. I noticed that the sticker on the back of the upper section (which I had left on because it wasn't clear that it could be cleanly removed, it seemed to extend under the screen and the Verizon rep who put my screen protector and case on when we bought the phone had left it on) had become somewhat torn and was sticking. I removed it but the damage had already been done and the tracks were no longer sliding smoothly. I decided to take it to the Verizon store when I got home. The day after I got home I used the physical to keyboard to type something, slide the phone closed, and it came right off the rails!! The phone still worked but was now in two pieces, tethered together only by the data connector.I immediately took it to the Verizon store in our local mall, assuming that since it was it was only six weeks old and the damage had come from normal usage (ie sliding the phone open and closed as it was designed to do) it would naturally be covered under the manufacturer's warranty. Not so. Apparently because the phone was in two pieces it was "physical damage" and my only option was to file an insurance claim.I felt this was ridiculous and decided to get a second opinion. I snapped the phone back together on one rail, went to another Verizon store and showed the tech how loose it was on the other rail. He said that it was a known issue and that Verizon would send me a new phone but that I had to call customer support to have it sent. I called them, they said that the first store had flagged my phone as having physical damage and that I would have to file an insurance claim (and pay the deductible) to get a new phone.I went back to the first Verizon store where I dealt with a tech who was more sympathetic than the first one I dealt with but still said it was physical damage. I called Motorola and they said that if I sent it in without saying why they might take pity on me and waive the $75 repair fee or they might call and require a credit card to proceed.I was so sick of all of them and unwilling to go without my phone for who knows how long in hopes that they would fix a know issue on a six week old phone that I have filed the insurance claim. If I had gone in when my slider was only sticking I believe I would have gotten a new phone without issue so please, if you phone's slider is sticking or is loose, learn from my mistake and go to Verizon immediately.Please also be aware that Motorola does not stand behind their products and that if you have device with an issue they won't do anything about it until it reaches the point where we could all have a good class action suit. I will be leaving for AT&T; as soon as my contract is up and I will no longer be buying anything from Motorola. I believe, based on the phoneWreck teardown of the Droid that it would take someone T6 screwdriver about 15-20 minutes (or less) to carefully disassemble my phone, pop the rails back on and close it up. I'm sure that's exactly what Asurion will do and our little exchange will have netted them my deductible for next to nothing, since they'll have another refurbished phone to send out to the next person this happens to. For the cost of a tech's time to do that Verizon and Motorola have both lost my business for life.

This is the first phone I've ever loved. Driving along, listening to music on free Pandora through the aux cord plugged into my car stereo, with the free Voice Navigation directing me, and phone calls coming through. And all of this at the same time! You don't have to stop the navigation to listen to music, and the phone ringing mutes the music automatically but not the directions from nav. And music starts back up when call is over. It just all works brilliantly and easily. Like others have said, keyboard could really have been better, but I am already used to it. Touch keyboard works really well. Battery life could be better, but with me running all those apps at the same time I totally understand why I don't get more than a day or so on a charge.

This is by far the most expensive and most capable phone I ever owned.  It has the internet and texting so handy and easy to use.  One thing is there are a lot of applications that can bog down the phone some so be aware of that.  The video on this is really good quality as is the camera.  The camera does not take great pictures at night but decent during the day.The phone coordinates with facebook and other sites which though cool, I dont know where all that info is shared and thus privacy.As far as making a call.  It is more complex.  Gone are my days of just hitting the green button upon choosing my contact to call.  I cannot easily make call while driving so i avoid it. You have to go through a couple of menus.  I don't like that very much.The phone is touchy!! if the screen is on and you hit something it reacts right away--including some "butt calls" so be very careful!!!!You may also think you have hung up on someone after you are done but you may still be connected so be careful !!!The speaker phone is awful.  To be fair, I dont know if it is due to the carrying case/protective case (original manufacturer item).  I often hear complaints that they hear themselves talk -Finally, I get some bad reception at times which was surpsising.  It has improved since I got it but it is not as great as i had hoped.Would I recommend this phone?  Yes if you need more techonology access. If you want to just make calls, then dont because it is just too complex to do just that.  Is it better than the Iphone?  Yes.  Is the reception better than the iphone?  yes.  Am I happy with the phone purchase?  Yes.

I just left my parents plan, so it was a tough decision on carriers (ATT or Verizon) and whether I wanted the Droid or the iPhone.  I really wanted the iPhone, but the largest size is 32Gb (currently).  The Droid is also 32Gb, but when SD comes out with a 32 or a 64Gb, I can upgrade to this size.  (My music collection is 60Gb)  I also like the features, much of which the iPhone cannot do. I like the iPhone, its simple, but the Droid can do so much more.  You can run numerous apps at once.  Meaning, I love to play RoboKill, but sucks when I get a call.  On the Droid, I can answer the call, google something, then resume my game, paused in the background.  Iphone cannot do this.  Also, the commercials (for ATT) say you "can't talk and surf at the same time, unless you have 2 phones with Verizon"  This is also false.  You cannot be on the 3G network and talk at the saem time, but the phone connects to WiFi, I can Google, look up movie times, etc, while talking to someone, I just connect to a WiFi signal.  I love this phone, and recommend it to everyone.  All the random stuff that was broken on it (which you can find by Googling "problems with Droid") have been fixed...  Like I said, I was skeptical, but have had the phone a month now, and have to say I'm very pleased!!Not to mention the 3G coverage is so much better for Verizon... look at those maps... you cant deny the coverage.

First of all the droid has 2 virtual keyboards and a real keyboard; the ipone has olny one cramped virtual. Second the battery isn't sealed so if the battery burns out you don't have to buy a new phone just a new battery. Third since its a google phone, there is a very fast internet especially with verizon 3g network as the service. There is a quick search bar on the home page and a search button so that wherever you are you can search the options whether its contacts, apps, or pictures, or just the web instead of pressing back and reloading the whole page. And the back button: much easier if you are on th internet or contacts you can just press back and you are back at the contacts page, it is basicly the back button on the internet only it works anywhere. Also the options button brings you options wherever you are. Like if your on contacts you can press options and you can press delete contact, edit, and other things. Anywhere you are it has different opions related to where you are. Plus when you turn on the phone instead of a passcode there is a three by three grid of dots where you draw a pattern of four or more connecting dots which is suprisingly MUCH easier to remember than four numbers. I made my passcode and i have remembered it without checking it. And i changed it to more complicated pattern and i instantly remembered it along with my previous passcode. And the notification bar, genious! i just turn on my phone and without entering my passcode i see if i have missed calls, new texts or emails. And if i do i sign in and drag down the bar and touch the notification i want and it brings me to the source, if it is a missed call it brings me to the call log where i can see the message that was (hopefully) left and who called. If its a text it brings me to the messaging app where i see who texted me and what they said, same thing with chatting and email. the camera with zoom and a video camera is a added feature and the flash seems more nessecary with the flashlight app where the light shines very bright (its an led) so you can use it as a flashlight instead of the screen lighting up on the iphone (total failure). so overal i wouldhave given it 20 stars if i could. GET IT!!!

My company develops mobile software for a number of phones, including iPhone and now Droid - and this gives me a chance to work with lots of phones, including several Android based phones, iPhone and the various Blackberry devices.I suppose comparisons with iPhone are inevitable, so since I use both every day, let me get a few of those comments out of the way first. In my opinion, both are very good, but Droid wins in a head-to-head compare against iPhone in these ways:1. About the same size, but Droid includes the slide-out keypad. I avoid systems only having touch-screen (such as iPhone) because my aging eyes and fingers find physical keypads easier to work. For whatever reason, once you get used to it, the Droid seems marginally faster to use, and I find the mix of touchscreen and physical buttons to be about ideal - as well as having the option to slide out the keypad (okay, one complaint is that the keyboard doesn't slide out quite far enough...if you have big fingers, reaching the top row of keys is difficult).2. For some reason, the Droid screen just seems more readable for text. Apple does a terrific job on overall usability, as everyone agrees, it's just that for me, basic text and email are much easier to read on the Droid.3. Droid includes 16GB, and it can be replaced by the user if you want more, and same goes for the battery. Apple tends to build this stuff into iPhone, so you need to buy a whole new unit if (say) the battery dies.4. The Droid has a few hardware features (Bluetooth, built-in camera) that either iPhone lacks or where the implementation isn't quite as high quality. For me, the touch screen is one of these items...I prefer the Droid, and I seem to be much more accurate with it.5. The GPS function and Google Maps with Turn-by-Turn voice directions are very good, and it's all free (except for the data transmission part).6. Droid integrates really well with Google's Gmail service, if that happens to be your email provider. Most others work, but not quite as well...secure Microsoft Exchange Server (corporate) email seems notoriously difficult to configure if you use some of the more sophisticated Exchange security features, which is a deal-breaker for many.7. Droid's mix of support for 3G (cellular) and WiFi (802.11 wireless LAN) is very good. You just set it up once, and the Droid always seems to do the right thing - if WiFi is available, your apps go that way...but if not, it strikes up the (more expensive) 3G path. If you use apps like Pandora (Internet Radio), then this can have a major impact on your monthly charges.Where I'd say Droid loses to iPhone is:1. iPhone seems to have better battery life. For example, using both as a media player, I get about 16 hours between charges on iPhone and only about 12 on Droid (except of course it's possible to have multiple batteries on Droid...a big plus). On the default settings the Droid screen seems to draw a lot of power (Droid shows you where the power is going...typically more than half goes to driving the screen).2. iPhone has full iTunes integration and the ability to play podcasts, etc from Apple's community, all built right in. There are similar apps available for the Droid (Google Listen, Pandora, etc for instance), but you'll probably find most of them less integrated than iTunes is with iPhone, and of course, the iTunes store is a big convenience. DoubleTwist is a popular way to sync iTunes with Droid, but as good as it is, it's still an add-on.3. The iPhone app store is more mature than what you find on Droid today. As Apple says, there's an app for nearly everything on iPhone, and although Google and the open-source community are strong in their own right, they just aren't quite there yet in my opinion. For example, XM Radio is available on iPhone and Blackberry - but not Droid yet...you get the idea.4. Hardware add-ons. You can find all sorts of docking stations, speakers and other add-ons for the iPhone...even many high-end car companies build-in iPhone integration that only works with the Apple devices. Yes, Droid has Bluetooth and so it's possible to integrate basic phone functions in your car...but today, there's much better integration with iPhone than Droid in most vehicles. I have an Infiniti, for example, and when I connect my iPhone to it, the display in the car lets me search for music, navigate through my playlists, charge my iPhone and so on. Although I can connect the Droid as a Bluetooth-compatible phone, I don't get all these extras.Okay, with that out of the way, let me say that I really, really like the Droid. Setup is simple, and Verizon's coverage and basic phone functions seem to work better where I live (Long Island, NY) than AT&T.; I'm sure there are people who would say the opposite, but for me, I seem to get better coverage and higher signal quality with Verizon, and this shows up as more consistent and faster performance on the Droid. I've been able to pair the Bluetooth parts with Windows PCs as well as two or three different cars and a few Bluetooth headsets, so that part works great too.If you like Google's apps, the Droid is also great. Getting my Gmail account setup only took a few moments, and it works about as well as my Blackberry (my long time favorite email device). I tend to get a lot of mail - often 500 a day - and the Droid seems to have no trouble keeping up. The one thing I find missing compared to Blackberry is that I could generally operate my Blackberry with one hand and without paying much attention to the device itself. iPhone is really bad this way - I find I have to use two hands most of the time, and I also have to stare right at the device in order to navigate around and use it properly (indeed, the original iPods with the wheel were better at one-handed operation in my opinion). Droid is somewhere in between, better than iPhone (mostly because of the discreet keyboard) but not as good as Blackberry.Having said that, the Droid keyboard is solid with keys that are about the right size and feel. There's what amounts to a touch-stick type of pointer device included...anyone who has used IBM/Lenovo ThinkPad computers will feel right at home with it. I tend to use the keypad about half the time...generally, if I'm just reading email, I don't need it...only when I'm replying do I resort to it. To me, this is a whole lot better than any of the touchscreen devices available today.The Droid connects to your PC (or Mac) via a simple USB cable, and once connected, you can simply see it as a connected drive. This lets you copy various files music, photo or other files to it just by dragging and dropping. There are starting to be some third-party apps that also work this way - install on PC, and it copies whatever content you need over to the Droid. You can also connect to your network using the built-in 802.11 client on the Droid, if you like.One thing I'll give Motorola credit for is the charger. I used to have a Motorola phone that used a very common mini-USB connector, but software in the phone would verify that the charger was an authentic Motorola part...imagine my surprise when I plugged my Motorola phone into a Blackberry charger (which also used mini-USB) and got a message on the phone about "Unauthorized Charger". Well, I'm happy to report that the Droid has none of this, and I can use the micro-USB charger from even my Amazon Kindle with Droid.If you happen to be a software developer, the Droid is also pretty cool to work with. The SDK is comprehensive, and since it's Linux underneath, many of the skills you have from that environment transfer pretty directly, making it easy to be productive right away.Bottom line is that if forced to choose just one device for all my needs, today I'd probably choose the Droid as that device (shhh!).Definitely recommended.

The OK button stopped working on my LG Envy2, so I needed a new phone and the Droid was on the top of my list. I bought it from a big box store that gave me credit for the Verizon new every 2 upgrade and discounted the window mount and car charger. They also transferred my contacts, but when I signed up for a new gmail account it wiped out the contacts on the Droid. I was able to upload my Outlook contacts to gmail and they synced to the phone, so all was not lost. Uploading music was as easy as drag and drop and the music player works fine and can do party shuffles of the songs in your directory. I have not been able to add playlists and the functionality of the music player falls short of the iPhone and iTunes but it works well. I downloaded Pandora and it is great for playing my favorite tunes.The browser is great and access is fast with 3G. Double tapping on the screen enlarges it. When you need to enter user names or passwords, you simply tap on the entry box and the on-screen keyboard will pop up. The touch keyboard is easy to use and I find that I have not used the slide out keyboard in favor of using the touch screen. It was easy to bookmark favorites on the browser.As others have reported, the navigation works great with voice recognition You can say something simple like "gas stations" and it will bring up a map showing the nearest gas stations. For a test, I put the Droid in the screen holder and hit the car navigation button and spoke "Ruskin Gun Club" and it brought up the club on a google map. When I selected navigation, the Droid gave me turn by turn directions to the club. Unlike my Magellan GPS, the Droid does not give an audible tone when you come to a turn, it simply repeats the directions with the street name, "turn right on Kings Blvd.". The screen was bright and easy to read in daytime. If you need to send an address to the phone, you can send it in a text message to your phone [...] and when you open the message it will appear as a hot link that you can click on to open Google Maps, then just select navigate to get your directions. Of course, if you remember the address, you can just speak that into the phone and it will appear on Google Maps.Using the phone is easy, but requires a few steps. You have to power on the phone, then unlock it, then select the phone feature. Voice quality is good. Volume on the speakerphone was low, but audible. I have downloaded about a dozen free Android apps from the market. It is easy to search the market by keywords, like "ESPN" or MLB for sports scores, or "solitaire" for card games. One of the apps was a barcode reader that uses the phone's camera to capture barcodes and offer online links to that product.While on a recent stopover at BWI, I discovered that there was no free wifi available. I was able to tether my laptop to my Droid with PdaNet and connect to the internet at 3g speeds. That was a great plus with this phone. I had been able to tether to an old Motorola cell phone but only connect to the internet at slow modem speeds. With the Droid and PdaNet, the connection was fast.For messaging, online browsing and navigation, this phone can't be beat.

I bought this phone used. It was my first smart phone. I would say that it is a good phone. Never had any issues been dropped 5 times once from 13 feet onto concrete and never broke. Well worth the $150.00 I spent on it.

I've always had good luck with motorola's and the droid is no exception. Considering all of the bells and whistles, it's surprising easy to use.I really don't care that much for the keyboard and if you're someone who likes to text a lot you probably won't either.Otherwise this is my favorite phone so far.The screen is nice and large and the colors are so sharp. The reception is good and the sound is really nice and clear. As for the camera it's not bad but I prefer a digital camera over a cell phone camera any day.Smart phones tend to run the battery down fairly quickly but if you remember to plug your phone in every night you shouldn't have any problems at all.

Do NOT buy this phone from amazon.  They are running a scam.  They send you a defective phone and then won't let you return it.  If you try and exchange the phone through Verizon, they will charge you $250 to do so.  I've called their customer service line twice today and they still don't have any answers on if I can even exchange my phone.  So far, all they've said is that if my phone is defective, that I should exchange it with Verizon.  I asked them, If I go to Verizon and change out my phone, will you charge me the fee?  Their answer, yes.  They knowingly ship POS phones and then charge you for getting a phone that does things like, oh, make phone calls.  Please understand, I've had this phone for 48 hours and I've been trying to return the phone for a 36 of those.If you escalate the phone call complaint, they send your information over to their "cell phone" department.  Where it will take 1-2 business days for someone to contact you.

This phone is amazing. I've been waiting for Verizon to come up with a phone that can match up to the all mighty I-phone from AT&T; or Black Berry Storm 2 and did Motorola fulfill those wishes. I never like the service I received from AT&T; so I didn't want to go back to them nor was I very impressed with the first Storm. Several of my friends owned the I-phone and I always loved playing with their phones as it was a easy to use and just so many options you could do with it vs. my old LG Voyager. So when my 2 year contract ended with my old LG phone I began to research what phone was out. I was amazed on the reviews and features the Droid had so I decided to head down to my local Best Buy to have a look for my self. I wasn't too impressed with the phone as BB had only a dummy phone so I couldn't turn on the phone but I decided to purchase the phone anyways with my company rep and received the phone the following day. I wasn't happy when my rep told me about the $30 data plan charge but it's worth the $ for unlimited web and email features and with my 20% corp discount it wont impact too much. When I first turned on the phone I was amazed on how the picture quality was far better over the I-phone and much superior over the Storm 2, I love how the red eye introduces the start up menu (nice job Motorola).Web browsing is super fast and picture quality is amazing;Plenty of apps not as many as the I-phone but a decent amount and growing;The phone is very responsive and fast similar to the I-phone;Plenty of customization to ones personal preference an advantage over the I-phone as it is very limited to what customization you can perform to its layout;All my emails easily accessible from my personal Yahoo, G mail account to my GroupWise account;Music player is decent but can't compare to the I-phone;Free navigation feature that really works like a Garmin with Google maps;Phone service on the Verizon networks out performs AT&T;, no drop calls or static with Verizon vs AT&T.;If I had to choose a phone today I would totally get the Motorola Droid again over the I-phone or Black Berry and I'm very satisfied with my purchase and recommend this phone to anyone who is thinking about getting a I-phone who does not want AT&T; service or a Black Berry Storm who is not to crazy about the issues they had with the Storm 1.Web Browsing 5 out 5App Store 4 out 5Processor/Response time 5 out 5Customization 5 out 5E-mail 5 out 5Music player 4 out 5Navigation 5 out 5Phone Service 5 out 5Overall score 4.75

I have been trying several smartphones over the last 2 years (including iPhone, Treos, and Nokia N900 and this is simply an amazing one. Excellent software from Google plus nice hardware from Motorola makes it a winner. So far, iPhone and Droid are two clear leaders and picking one over another is a matter of prerefences. iPhone is a great one too, I had it for a while, but I do not like all restrictions associated with it - for both apps and media. I like to be in control and for iPhone, however great is it, in control is Apple and you are only permitted to do what they allow. It could be actually good for less technical savvy users, but I like to change memory cards, load software and data files on card and memory wherever I wish etc. Droid (more exactly Android) allows all that. Also, Droid has great multi-tasking, gorgeous high resolution screen matched only by Nokia N900, and a few great free apps like navigation, skymap etc. Droid also has an external keyboard, but I rarely use it. I like on-screen keyboard a lot in horizontal mode - which works (unlike for iPhone) with all applications. My iPhone-using friends claim that iPhone has many more apps. This is true, but in fact Android platform has now huge number of apps as well. This was a breaking point for choosing between N900, which is also great, but has too few apps so far and Droid. All I need is available and for each category there are at least 5-10 to choose from. The only one I miss is LifeBalance.I am certain that I will not go back to the "small screen" phones like Treo's 320x320 or new standard 320x480. My wishlist for hi-res smartphones is longer battery life (so far, all of them except miserable Pre, will last for a day if used as a phone and occasionally as smartphone, but using it as a a computer, especially with GPS or WiFi enabled drains a battery in 4-6 hours.  And I would like a larger screen. Not just more pixels, but larger in inches. When reading books or watching movies I like to have more screen real estate. Droid is actually very small. It feels more phone-like then iPhone or Blackberry. While screen is hi-res, it is actually even more narrow then iPhone. As a result, when used as a book reader (and this is how I read all my books now) it does not fit more text than iPhone and less than N800. Although, it is still easier on the eyes due to brilliant screen, I still want more text. At least, volume control buttons can be used as forward-back, the feature, which most iPhone readers can't use. And letterboxed or standard 320x480 movies look a bit smaller than on iPhone or N900. Well, standard wide-screen hires looks just great. I guess, this is what it was designed for.

MY DROID IS BROKEN. SO, THEY TOLD ME THEY WOULD SEND ME A NEW ONE. GOOD. I PAID A LOT OF MONEY FOR IT. BUT, THEY SENT ME A USED, CERTIFIED LIKE NEW PHONE. I DON'T WANT A USED PHONE. I WANT WHAT I PAID FOR--NOT A USED PHONE THAT SOMEONE ALREADY HAD PROBLEMS WITH AND HAS BEEN RETURNED AND MAYBE OR MAYBE NOT FIXED; I WANT A NEW PHONE THAT WORKS. HAVE YOU EVER RETURNED A PRODUCT THAT IS BROKEN AND THEY GIVE YOU A USED ONE?ALSO, WHEN ASKED ON THE PHONE, VERIZON WIRELESS COULD NOT PRODUCE THE WARRANTY INFO THAT EXPLAINS THAT. THIS IS THE VERY WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE OF MY LIFE. I FEEL SCREWED.

Since the iPhone launched nearly three years ago, I have to admit my flip phone and later Blackberry Curve have seemed a little behind the curve.  But two things kept me from making the switch.  First and foremost, I was not happy with AT&T; service when I had it a while back, and I've never met a single iPhone user who didn't say something negative about AT&T.;  Secondly, while Apple does make truly revolutionary products, I hate the way the company is so controlling.  Some would argue that is to enable the revolutionary products, but their policies clearly go beyond that and are focused on controlling content, apps, etc to maximize profits.  If I'm going to spend $1,000 per year on phone and data service, I want to be able to do what I want on the phone.Below is a summary of my findings:OPERATING SYSTEM - Android is pretty amazing compared to most of the phone OS out there.  It is just so flexible and capable and a joy to use compared to Blackberry in my opinion.  The touch controls are much more intuitive and don't feel slapped on like the Strom models do.  IPhone is a bit more polished but likewise, the end user can't do some things.  An example is the great built in navigation.  First thing after receiving I sold my personal GPS navigator on Ebay.  Now my wife and I always have GPS with us wherever we go.  We also can see each other on maps via the Latitude feature.MARKET - While the sheer number of apps may be quite a bit lower than iPhone's, there are tons of options out there that will meet most end users needs.  I've read stats that something like 80% of downloaded iPhone apps are never used after the first couple weeks and I believe it.  Both on iPhone and Droid, many are "wow" apps that are fun but not something one needs day in and out.  I would like to see a bit more content apps such as a Wall Street Journal and New York Times app.  All in all I believe it will be the exception to the rule when a user can't find the app they need in the Android marketplace.  And best of all, there are tons of free options out there.SOUND QUALITY AND SPEAKER -  SO MUCH BETTER THAN BLACKBERRY!!  No more do callers ask me to repeat myself.  Calls are loud and clear.  The speaker is also great whether listening to podcasts, making calls, or navigating.BUILD QUALITY - If you're familiar with Moto's higher end products such as the RAZR 2, you know that they tend to be well built with more metal than plastic.  The phone feels substantial, but in a good way and not the least bit flimsy like so many phones out there now.  The slide is very smooth and solid.  And the screen, which I've read is glass, seems very scratch resistant.  I keep the phone in my pocket and do not find the size or weight to be an issue.BATTERY LIFE - At first I was very frustrated with the battery life and the "battery use" meter wasn't helping identify the culprit.  After about a month, I realized that it was Yahoo Mail.  The Droid just doesn't efficiently do Yahoo mail.  It killed the battery inside of 14 hours, not to mention duplicated sent items among other problems.  I switched to using Gmail via POP access to my Yahoo account and voila, 2+ days on a single charge.  I wish Google would address the Yahoo mail shortcoming since they sell it saying it supports it, but nevertheless there is a workaround.SCREEN - The screen on the Droid is beautiful and second only to the Nexus One from what I have seen.  The high resolution really shines on both text and photos.PHYSICAL / VIRTUAL KEYBOARD - I won't dwell on this as so many reviewers have covered this topic.  The virtual keyboard is very nice and easy to use as virtual keyboards go.  The slideout keyboard serves its purpose, for longer writing such as emails or IM sessions.  I like the spacing much better than my old Curve but the flat keys make typing a bit harder.  Moreover, at least in the current version of Android there is no suggestive spelling when using the physical keyboard.MEDIA PLAYER - I love being able to play WMA files, since that's what my collection is based on.  But the media player is very rudimentary and I'm surprised Google hasn't invested more in what many consider a key component of a high-end smartphone.  The sound quality is very good but the features, interface, etc all leave a lot to be desired.  For example, there are no suggested playlists, only those you create.  You can sync playlists with Windows Media Player, despite what some people say.CONCLUSION - I'm somewhat of a techie myself and I love all the advanced functionality and flexibility.  At the same time, my wife is not and she was skeptical when I suggested the Droid for her as well.  Three months later, she loves her phone too and uses it in a different way than I do but it works well for her.  The OS is not as polished as the iPhone and occasionally you will get some bugs or need to reboot (2x a month I would say).  However, the phone works as advertised and continues to receive meaningful updates and features from Google.  We get great coverage, speed, and service with Verizon.  So if you're looking for an alternative to AT&T; / Apple, I definitely recommend this phone and would also suggest checking out the Nexus One.  I believe Android has a bright future in smartphones and am happy I went with the Droid.

I really wanted to love my MOTO DROID and got two of them, trying to get one with speaker and sound that I could depend on.  People kept saying it sounded like I was mumbling from the bottom of a well, with a bandana tied around my head, talking on a tin can on a string.  In short, after several software tweaks, using only the blue tooth, taking off the hard case, and losing a lot of love and patience, I traded for the HTC Droid Incredible. It does everything the Moto Droid did and more.  The Droid has so many design flaws.  The voice speaker is located in a trough that I think helps create an echo; the slide-out keyboard makes it heavy; it's ugly,clumsy and masculine to look at...heavy & hard to hold up to your ear; it had no joystick to correct the many errors that happen on the way too sensitive virtual keyboard...you have to delete the whole word back to the incorrect letter that made you going backward almost as much as going forward. And the battery drain was awful.  I did find that the advanced app killer helps with that by closing all apps from running until you want them to run.  (also turn off blue tooth & wi-Fi when not in use) I would not recommend this phone unless you are a tekkie and can tweak it to make sure it isn't too sensitive and that the speaker is OK.  It might be cheap, tinny speaker quality, but more than likely its the software that needs tweaking.  Mine had the 2.1 update but I think Verizon made some proprietary adjustments that keep this phone from being stable and consistent.  Love having the "mini computer" features, but what good is it if the basic phone part is unreliable?  Not ready for prime time...IMHO.  Cher  PS  The HTC Droid Incredible is totally awesome.  It does everything the Moto Droid does, plus it's sleak, sexy, lighter and has a smokin' hot 1GhZ snapdragon processor that'll make your head spin around....Same price.  Make the trade.  O, and BTW...don't forget to download & READ the 238-page user manual to get a clue.  LOL!

I've had mine for 5 months and really like it.  It is a very intuitive phone to use initially.  I had no problem figuring out the basic features on my own.  Once you become a more advanced user the phone is highly customizable.  I have done a lot of tinkering with mine, which is a lot of fun.  The virtual keyboard works great.  I find I don't have to use the slide out unless I'm playing a game which requires it.  The battery life is also good - for a smart phone.  A charge tends to last me a day or two, unless I'm using the GPS or streaming audio a lot.  Overall this is a great phone that utilizes a great operating system.
