
When I first ordered the Nokia N97 mini I was stoked.  It seemed like a great phone.  I did a lot or research prior so I knew the problems the N97 and N97 mini had, but I wanted a new phone so I took a chace.  I can honestly say that was a regretable mistake.  Listen to the reviews online.  This phone always has an issue with firmware or electronics.  Know when its working perfectly, its probably one of the best phones in my opinion.  I like phones with a qwerty keyboard and a quality camera and touch screen.  This n97 mini seemed right up my alley.  However after about a month of use it wouldn't boot up and just said "contact retailer".  Needless to say I was heartbroken.  This seemed like the perfect phone for me.  I don't know why nokia released a product with so many issues.  It is unsettling to see basically the worlds largest cell phone manufacturer have such a multitude of issues in a single device.  I m dissapointed in you nokia.  I like your new N8 and E7 but I am afraid it will have similar issues to you n97.  Listen to the reviews.  If so many others are having issues with their phones, chances are you will too.

Recently bought the Mini N97 phone and is not what you imagine, after few days of use the wall charger is not working, then the USB charger don't work anymore and now the hands-free stopped working... what else can i say, if you get to read the super little letters in the warranty information you will see the following: "This product may consist of refurbished equipment that contains used components" - Why they didn't mention that on the product description???!! You better spend your money in a good product, not on this useless phone made in CHINA!

I have a Nokia C6-00, been using it for a year. I bought the Nokia N97 Mini to compare it to my C6-00. Dimensions (length x width) they are comparable and weight-wise, comparable. The C6-00 is a newer model and has a D-pad with arrows to move around, with a 4-row keyboard. The N97 mini only has three rows. The N97 mini keyboard is more generously spaced out though versus C6-00. You can't really go wrong with either as they use the same Symbian system, might as well go with a newer model, the C6-00. Nokia is a dying breed though, Symbian is not used anymore either with their flagship product. My next phone will be Android-based or Apple OS.

I have had this phone for 3 weeks and it's nice, the desing it's beautiful and elegant, nokia has a pretty goods applications on ovi store, the phone has a good performance, but the bad part it's the battery, you can't have your phone with a 3g conection on all day cause the battery sucks pretty fast, it's a shame cause on the home screem you have facebook, twitter, email... and the phone was made for have a internet conection all day on, the battery just last about 10 hours as much. Nokia should fix this problem very soon cause the phone it's great!

I bought this nokia n97 mini half a year ago, few days after my first use it started saying in sufficient memory. Then, I was getting annoyed with its speed of operation, such a slow machine which drives you crazy while you want to use some functions like navigation, or internet. When you receive call, it is too slow in responding. battery life is also not so great.Many times i thought of hitting this on the floor! waste of money, dont buy it.Thanks,RN

The service attitude of the seller is excellent. Also the phone is great. As so far, all the functions of the phone play well and the color of the phone is actually very appealing. I suggest who wants to buy this phone to get a large 4G info roaming plan because you will find you have a lot of fun to do with this great phone. Though it is not Apple or Android.

I bought my Nokia mini N97 one year ago. It has a goog videocamera and it's a great video, mp4 and mp3 reproductor. If you like a mini videocamera you must buy this one. Nevertheless, it has the badest conectivity that I've seen in my life. I ussually don't recibe messages at time, frequently is out of coverage in spite of the 3G indicator is light-on. Additionally, the system doesn't always respond and I frequently need shotdown by mean of battery-extraction. As a phone, Nokia mini N97 is a complete calamity. I would never recomend it.

N97 mini is a beautiful, smart phone. I like its functions like GPS, wifi. But if you want to see chinese webpage, it can not show correct content. I asked NOKIA customer center how to solve this problem. They replied that they can not do that. Because N97 in American has no chinese font, and no support software from Nokia website. Chinese is not a popular language in American. It is so bad.

It's a perfect phone on AT&T; 3G.  It's a jack-of-all-trades phone, however, the battery could last a little longer...The protective covers on the screen were very hard to see. I peeled off 3 of them. At first I thought there were bubbles on the screen but it was yet another protective sticker from the manufacturer.  Updated the firmware via the OVI suite...Navigation works great...Would buy again..Highly recommend!!update::Coming from Nokia N95 as my previous phone...This speaker phone is NOT as loud.

From the time I placed the order, I was disappointed with this phone. First, it was listed as In Stock through Amazon with a fantastic price of $324. Based on my research, this phone had everything I could ask for in an unlocked phone with a great price. After ordering, I went to bed. In the morning, I checked my e-mail and found out that it was now out of stock. Three weeks later, I finally received the phone. I put my SIM card in, followed by the battery. My first uncertainty was with the SIM card holder. It was flimsy and didn't really secure the card, so much as kept it somewhat roughly in place. It powered up just fine. I went through the initial on-phone setup wizard and got to the home page. Immediately, it started prompting me to go on the network and download updates. After multiple No responses (as if the first No wasn't enough), I got to the actual home page. I tried to figure out what I could do, but found that it wasn't self explanatory. After a bunch of trial and error, I figured out how to go online with wi-fi. The connectivity is buried under a couple layers of menu. That is most annoying because a single touch isn't good enough for most things. I found myself having to double tap things repeatedly in order to get a response. Eventually, I figured out how to get around. The apps (pre-installed) I tried seemed fairly well polished. The GPS chip took about 5 minutes to get a signal, even when outside, and then the altitude reading was way off (by hundreds of feet). The facebook app worked well. The camera took nice pictures once I realized that the protective film on the lens was the cause of much fuzziness. The flash was insanely bright which causes a lot of closed-eye pictures. One down side to the camera is that it seemed to have a ridiculous lag time to capture the picture. In other words, I had to anticipate the picture-perfect moment and take the picture before the event occurred. Finally, I decided to try out the phone. I searched through all the menus and couldn't figure out how to bring up the phone. After staring at the home page for a minute, I realized that the "icon" in between Options and Contacts was sort-of shaped like a very tiny phone keypad. It was, in fact, the mechanism for dialing the phone. I attempted to dial only to find that I had no service. I couldn't figure out why, so I read the manual. I had done everything right, so I tried removing and reinserting my SIM. After no luck, I tried a software update. After the phone reset, I got service. I tried to make a call. After about 6 seconds, the call disconnected and I got an error message saying SIM Registration Failed. I assumed that was a cryptic version of a dropped call, so I attempted to call back only to find that I again had no service. I had to power cycle twice to get my service back. A short while later, I received a call only to have the same result. In fact, every call I made or received caused the same result. I think my longest call was about 15 seconds before the I got the SIM Registration Failed message. Looking online, I see that this is a somewhat common problem with this phone. The common solution offered is to get another SIM card, even if that card is known to be a good card. At the very least, based on my experience, an AT&T; Pay as you Go card didn't work.All in all, if the card worked, I might have kept it for the features at the price. That said, I can say that this was the least intuitive operating environment I have ever had the displeasure to deal with. I am an experienced software engineer, so I have a lot of experience in this area. If I had kept the phone, I would have been looking to wipe out the OS and install something more usable on it. Android OS, Windows Mobile and iPhone OS all provide an intuitive, functional and pleasurable operating experience so I find it bizarre that Nokia would even bother with their own OS if they can't do it right. Now that this phone is going back, I'm likely going to get a contract so I can get the same features at a reasonable price. It's a shame that Nokia spoiled what could be a great phone with such a terrible interface.

Just so you know before buying this item. I'm not gonna bash about it or say it's the best phone either. Just wanna let you know what happened with some units I bought. When you turn off your device, and then you turn it on again, the screen hangs up at the Nokia Logo and doesn't do more. You have to turn it off again and try to turn it on yet again, same thing happens. Do the same, and one of those times your trying you'll get lucky and your phone will finally turn on. On the other side, if you never turn it off you won't have much of a problem. But come on, I pay my money so I want a functional phone. Anyways, that's about it. Oh, and if you don't want to have that problem try to make a Master Reset, and in the option THEME EFFECTS, choose DESACTIVATE THEME EFFECTS. Since that might cause the problem. I remember having done a master reset on one of my N97 Mini, and Desactivate that Option, also didn't change the Theme or background image, let it as it was, and the phone worked perfectly since then. No hang ups whatsoever. It's been like that for almost a month. Hopefully it will stay good.

needs a little investment of time and efforts initially to get familiar with the functions which could be little tedious but if you travel internationally this is really good value for money ! but there are much better options available so why bother !

Buenas noches, Disculpe el atraso es que el tlf no se me hab&iacute;a sido entregado hasta haces unos d&iacute;as es telefono esta en perfecto estadoMuchas gracias

I wanted a small unlocked QWERTY phone, after looking through amazon, I was torn b/w this model and the C6. The C6 was $100 cheaper at the time. I bought both to compare ( Since I am deployed to Afghanistan and did not have a shop that sold them) I immediately fell in love with the N97 mini. I bought both from newegg. The mini came with the car mount and Newegg also included a bluetooth speaker device for your car. With all the accessories that came with the phone, this was worth it. Beside I was able to sell the C6 for $40 more and made up for the difference in price. The mini is light and small and comes loaded with apps. Most of the apps I receive from the ovi store were free. I have a Mac and I'm still able to transfer multi media via USB through the PC Suit. On the Windows side of my Mac, I sync the phone with the Ovi Suite. Accessorizing the phone is easy and cheap since I was able to get a case, extra batteries and a cradle charger all for under $20.00 from Amazon.The only the flaw of the phone (a big flaw) is that the battery drains too quickly. (And I mean Blood Sucking drain). The remedy for this is making sure that you close out apps that you do not use, buy the extra batter accessory. The pone comes with and extra USB charge cable so you have various option to recharge if you are on the Go.I am loving the phone so much as this is my first experience with a smart phone. I am able to use it to surf the net in Afghanistan using WiFi, I also use it for faster connection to my family. I have ATT but while in afghanistan I only use the WiFi. The phone will only let you set up one connection at a time. This is good because Roaming would cost too much. While heading home for R&R;, I was able to use 3G.5 in Kuwait and 3G in Germany when we stopped at those location. Now that I am home for the few days, I've been able to fully enjoy the services in the states. I was going to use TMOBILE but my husband has the IPHONE and doing a family plan was better for now. Its a shame because Tmobile rates beats ATT by $50 a month on the family plan.

Price is a bit steep, but if you're not getting a free one with a plan, this is the way to go. Love the GPS function, and the great 5 mp camera.

Sound quality not good...if you are on speaker then the person on the otehr side complains of background noise. Also it is very very difficult to remove the battery once u insert it.the slider is also a little tight but i guess that is the way it has been designed. returned the product immediately upon buying since i was not happy woth it.Pros- looks good

I've had this phone for 12 days and I'm still not sure if I will keep it. I bought it because I didn't want to pay for the expensive data plans and so wifi capabilities is very important to me. The wifi works but the OS is clumsy. You have to connect to a wifi and then you have to connect your apps like your browser or email to the wifi connection you made. And if you don't the app will give you an error message that doesn't explain what is going on. In my old Windows Mobiles phone, you just choose your wifi network and that is it. Almost everything takes two steps or more. For browsing for example, you must open the navigation function, then open options, then open saved bookmarks, then choose your bookmark. Everything has way too many steps than necessary. WM is actually simpler. The media player sounds great but again the navigation is clumsy. To play an album or genre you can't just choose it and play it. You have to add it to a playlist then you have to go playlists and choose the playlist you made in order for it to play. If you miss a call it will only let you access the last one quickly. For previous missed calls you have to go into a log appication and then choose call logs then choose missed calls. Why so frustratingly complicated? Also it automatically sets yahoo email accounts to MAPI/IMAP instead of POP and you can't change it. There's supposed to be some work around but I haven't tried it. Now I find out it's bluetooth is not compatible with my Nuvi 765t. The GPS takes several minutes to find a satellite signal. The only thing keeping me from returning it so far is there isn't a unlocked phone with as many features for the same price.

falto informacion sobre el producto sobre las bandas que maneja y sus operadoras  para hacer una buena eleccion sobre el telefono que uno adquiere

Please do not buy this phone...there are so many issues with software and Music player does not work and phone freezes alot and when i contacted Nokia about the problems they were slow to reply and did not help much..Nokia is Crap.

This is a great phone. It has all the features you can have and it`s still small, thin and the battery last some good days. Nokia really nailed it!

I bought the N97 mini around Feb 2010. My first Nokia phone was the 5800xpress and although the phone was decent, it felt cheap. I didn't want an Iphone,and i wanted to try Nokia again. After reading hundreds of reviews and doing many hours of research,I finally decided to buy the N97 mini. Now look, straight up, ask yourself, what do you use the phone for? If you want a screen that is super sensitive,and want to play tons of great looking games,and want a OS that is so easy to use a caveman could do it, get out. If you want a phone that can do stuff you friends phones can only dream off, get in. There are millions of Nokia fans in the world, and that means tons of 3rd party apps. Although most critics will say the N97 was a failure (commercially), if you are internet savvy you can find and download tons of free apps to customize your phone. Now my friends are jealous of what my phone can do and they can't, here is a quick list of apps and things the N97 a freaking beast:1)My phone can use swype to type messages. This is kinda redundant since it has a hard keyboard, but it's awesome none the less. None of you iphone buddies can do that and it's the fastest way to type in a touch screen phone, hands down.2)You can find and download great full versions of old games like tomb raider or Quake2.3)Can use an instant messenger like AIM to chat with friends live.4)You can download skyfire browser which supports FLASH 10. This means all websites with videos will play on your phone. It is super fast if you are on AT&T;'s 3G network. Your iphone buddies will choke at that one. oh, and your Samsung galaxy friends ain't getting flash support for at least another 2 months.5)your phone can pick up local radio stations, unfortunately the mini doesn't have an FM transmitter like the big N97 does6)the N97 mini can make video calls over 3G, your iphone buddies need wifi and can only talk to themselves.7) the N97 mini can be used as a wifi hotspot, which means you can for example, connect it to your computer and go online on your computer if you are on your laptop somewhere and need wifi.8)Nokia beta labs has apps that are completely innovative, such as bots that learn your phone habits and helpt you run your phone better.9)The bluetooth on this phone is awesome, you can connect it to any device, from laptops to head sets. Let's see the iphone do that.10) there are many apps that can help you coustumize the otherwise boring look of the UI, which can make your device even more awesome.11) you can add microSD cards to add memory, with the iphone you are stuck.The list can go on and on but you get the point. I was completely clueless at first, but after doing much reading, i have found out how to get the most out of the device and i'm impressed. Every day, there are more cool apps and things i can do with the damn thing that impress me. The device is built with some very nice materials, i have dropped the phone on a couple of occasions but it doesn't have any dings or scratches. The camera is great at not only taking pictures but recording also.It's true that when i first got the phone, it was slow and the ovi stored sucked. But after a couple of firmware updates it's zippy as hell and like i said, if you know what you are doing you can find TONS off apps online that can blow most of the stuff on the apple store out of the water. Oh and did i mention free ovi maps and navigation for life?All the other stuff is standard, yes the phone can play mp3s, just drag and drop from your computer and it can also play movies.  Call quality is great and most of the other details you can read in other reviews.

When it's ringing and you can't get it to answer because the slider is not responsive....you just want to step on it.The keyboard is good. The flashlight is good. The mechanical unlock button broke. The touch screen never worked to me. The GPS is horrible. The interfase is awful and inconsistent. The double click...no words.  The pictures were worst than my prior N95.I never could learn how to hold it right. After 8 months I switched back to the N95 and I was happy again. True buttons. Very reliable.Touch screens are nice...not for phones.

I gave this phone to my mother as a Gift. We liked the shape, material, weight, and overall functioning system, however I must say that the phone has problems to connect to WIFI spots. It is almost impossible to connect to our house wireless router, and whenever we are within a public wifi range, the phone never connects.

January 9 2010: I amended the review to add some details about a couple problems I've had with the phone, slowdowns which lead to lockups and twice it suffered a system crash that leads to wiping out the phone's memory. I devoted a lot of the amended review to a hassle I had with Nokia's customer service. I realize that's unfair and irrelevant to the review of the phone, so I removed it.Although it says I bought the phone from Amazon I actually bought it direct from Nokia. I canceled the Amazon order when I thought they had the wrong color. I'm sorry that happened because buying it from Amazon would have been a better experience. (another edit: since installing the new firmware, any stability issues the phone had seem to have been solved)My original review:The quality of the materials and the fit/finish & construction is the first thing I noticed, taking this out of the box. It has nice surfaces everywhere, a shiny steel bezel on the front and highlights around the bottom section, a matte black (brownish) metal finish on the bottom with a steel battery door and camera lens bezel. The battery door latches securely (and easily) unlike any phone I've ever owned. The phone feels heavy in a high quality way. It fits in your hand in a way that makes it feel much thinner than you would expect from the measurements. The flare at the bottom makes it feel more secure in your hand. The raised lens bezel makes it easy to avoid inadvertently using the camera lens as a finger grip.so many pros...-- Touchscreen is very responsive and has kinetic scrolling and it's easy to stop the screen without accidentally launching something.-- Browser is full screen and looks great. (embedded con - I'm not sure I like the controls that pop up for some basic stuff like "back" or bookmarks. I can't find an easy way to backtrack in sites without bringing up the clunky set of controls.)-- The 3-row back-lit keyboard is easy to see in dim light, and it looks awesome with the gray and orange illumination. The layout works great for me, I'm already comfortable with how it works and find it much nicer than keyboards with 5 rows of keys.-- 16 x 9 screen has excellent color and brightness, even outside. Perfect format for watching movies full screen.-- Has native support for Flash and java so Youtubes and flash based websites look like they should. (does not support Flash 10 - hopping for an update)-- When you open the keyboard the screen tilts into a good viewing angle, either for typing with your thumbs or setting it on a table. Works great for watching videos, you don't have to prop it up on something.-- Stereo speakers sound great for speaker phone. (edited to add: the speaker quality continues to impress me. They also work good for listening to the FM radio.) Music sounds outstanding through headphones, it sounds like a high-end MP3 player. Music Player has the best sorting, album art, searching, Playlist creating and ID3Tag editing I've ever seen on a phone - wow.-- Accelerometer is pretty fast and all menus and screens and all but a few third-party apps have a landscape mode. You have to turn it on, it's off by default. The keyboard forces a landscape mode.-- This is the most customizable phone I've ever had. Nothing is locked in place, put it wherever it works best for you. I've already downloaded about a dozen themes and love how much you can personalize the appearance of the menus and screens, even the icons.-- The widgitized home screen is of course just as customizable but has another feature I wasn't expecting. You can swipe your finger across it and hide all the widgets so your phone display is just the wallpaper you chose and the clock at the top. Another swipe brings them back.--  Call quality and signal strength is very good - what you would expect from Nokia. I'm replacing a Samsung Eternity and this phone is a dramatic contrast, it's so much better.-- All the phone stuff, voice dial, speed dial, endless contact list with all the fields you could ever need, excellent contact list access/search, full MP3 ringtones, etc. It's all there and implemented very well.-- It comes loaded with apps, all of which can be removed if you want. Email is available in a couple different ways, a pay push system or free mail client in the messaging bundle. POP3 or IMAP.-- App stores for Symbian S60 are plentiful and there are loads of free apps and themes as well as ones you pay for.-- GPS is fast to fix on a location and stays locked on very well. Works much better outside than it does indoors.-- WiFi was easy to set up with MAC address and WPA security on my home system. It seems a bit flakey about staying connected or the phone deciding which network to use for certain apps, GSM or WiFi. I haven't found the way to configure this yet but I'm sure it's in there somewhere. (edited: a call to nokia support took care of this. There is a way to make it ask which connection to use when launching)-- Headphone jack has video out and hands-free mic & music controller inside the single 3.5mm plug. A nice set of headphones with mic and music controls is included but no video cable.-- Camera is excellent from what I can tell, haven't tried the video recorder yet.you get the idea... I really like this phone. It does everything and does it in a mature way, the OS feels like it's no-nonsense, something made for adults.Now the cons (including a big one - oops nokia!)-- limited video codec support. No DiVX. Player is from Real Player. I'm looking for a video player app to replace it - any suggestions would be appreciated.-- photo viewer doesn't recognize folders. This means all your contacts, album art, phone photos and collections of photos are all in one list, not necessarily sorted in the order you would expect. It's a pain to do anything with photos (my old phone worked the same way). ***I see there are third--party apps that seem to address all the issues.*** &lt;-- this is not true. I was thinking the Resco Photo Viewer took care of this problem but it doesn't. I haven't found anything that does. A Nokia update might be able to address this and also make the photo viewer usable.-- GPS has an indicator to show it's running but it doesn't show if it's connected to any satellites. (edited: some of the GPS apps have a satellite signal strength indicator on the screen, but this doesn't help when multitasking.)-- some of the menus and built-in apps like the media player have a bland retro look. A bit of skinning would have helped, smaller boxes, less 3-d shading and touches like that. Simpler would have been nicer. Maybe some different fonts.-- There's a blinking indicator for unread messages that won't stop flashing. I've marked everything I can find as read but it continues blinking. (solved: messages stored on the SIMM card caused this - thx to the comment that pointed this out)-- The screen is a little stiff to flip up, but it's spring loaded so once it gets going it flies into place. Getting a fingernail under the back part really helps pop it into place. A small indent back there would have helped.-- USB connector is uncovered (dust) and is placed on the front so it's a bit awkward using it while plugged in - also the connector is mounted upside down which is mildly irritating.-- not a con but I haven't figured out where the mic is - so I'm not sure if I'm putting my finger over it.-- Here's the big one... The bottom of the phone has the camera lens bezel on one side and a flare on the other side to make it sit flat on a flat surface. The space in front of the lens bezel is enough to make it tip when you type on that side of the keyboard. [This is only a problem if you type on the keyboard while it's sitting on a flat surface, like a desk. Most people type with their thumbs while holding the phone so for them it wouldn't be an issue. (edited to add this clarification)]The original N97, the design this phone was based on, has a lens cover in a shroud that extends to the front of the phone. Leaving the lens cover off the mini created the problem. The designers must have not thought it through (or tested their design) but it clearly is a flaw Nokia needs to correct.This phone is just too cool to give up on so I used a wooden matchstick to steady it and then realized I could just glue it to the case.I put a photo of my matchstick mod in the user photo gallery. If anyone else comes up with a solution for the tippy case I'd love to see it, I'm hoping to use the mini for at least a few years. (someone in the comments pointed out that using a case with the phone would also solve the problem.)My wife found another solution for the "foot" problem. She gave me a package of leather dots that quilters use as a thimble, stuck right on the tip of their finger. These things stick to the case really well and you can pull them off of the case without leaving any mess behind. Two of them stacked together make a perfect height for the foot.Edited - 03-05-10: I added some photos to the gallery. These are to show the ThimblePad foot in place and also the clarity of the Clarivue screen protector. Plus I added a couple of shots that are just sheer affection for the design of this phone.Edited May 16, 2010: I upgraded to the new firmware recently and my phone is more stable, the UI is faster, memory is optimized better so multitasking never hiccups and my battery life is outstanding. I'm getting three days on a single charge even with fairly heavy usage. Right now I'm at a bit more than 48 hours since I charged and my battery shows 100%. A week ago after going 72 hours the battery still showed 27% when I plugged it in for the night. I just put my rating back to five stars, I love this phone more every day.Edited - July 1: I took the "foot" off the mini and the stylus string broke so I have a naked phone again, like just out of the box. I really like it this way and I found something useful for the tippy keyboard. A quarter (US) slipped under the corner works perfectly to stabilize the case. I'll live with this solution for a while and see how it works for me. I still have plenty of the leather feet so I can always go back to that. I like the phone the way it is though. I still haven't seen any phone for AT&T;'s 3.5G that is anywhere near as functional or well built as the mini for the price.I've been carrying it unprotected in my pocket for six months and it looks as good as new (I do have a clear screen protector). No scratches and the finish is still beautiful. I find new functions all the time and have settled on about ten favorite themes. I love this phone.

My previous phone was Nokia 5800 XpressMusic, which I really liked at the time.  However, after having an opportunity to get familiar with my N97 Mini, I can see the limitations with the 5800.The N97 Mini is well designed, feels solid, and the Symbian OS works fine.  I especially like the 'Offline' mode which makes certain I can access wifi connections without my carrier hijacking the connection and later finding extra charges on my phone bill for internet - this was a problem with my 5800.Without going into great detail, I will just point out some of the most noteworthy points:-Great voice reception!-Good volume...Speaker sound quality okay but not impressive.-No hangups with the OS so far.-Internet connecting is easy...but sometimes a bit slow to load.  I prefer using Opera Browser, which is free to download...but it still doesn't improve loading speed.-Email access function works well.-Camera works well and nice photo quality.-Video quality about the same as 5800 - Indoors at night is poor even with video light on....Improves using night mode but then video jerky when panning.  Daylight is fine, though.-Many free phone apps available for download from Nokia website.-The keyboard is excellent!-Screen is bright and clear...Touch is accurate and responsive.-Phone grips well in the hand.-GPS Navigator works well.-Can be recharged from PC, wall outlet, or car.I'll end it there.  Compared with other phones I have researched and used, this one is well worth 5 stars.

Language ( Portugues - Brazil)Comprei o celular n97 mini ja faz um mes e moro no Brasil, meu cunhado foi viajar para o Eua e comprei pela Amazon e mandei entregar no Hotel em que estava hospedado, quanto a isso perfeito nada a reclamar, entrega foi feito no prazo, paguei pelo Standar de 3 a 5 dias e em 3 dias entregaram no hotel.O celular tem um tamanho relativamente medio em relao aos seus concorrentes, mas achei um tamanho perfeito por ser um smartphone, possuir teclado e no ficar enorme no bolso.Instalei varios aplicativos que achei na internet com raras execees no obtive sucesso na instalao, no consegui ainda achar muitos aplicativos relativamente diferentes da concorrencia, mas como comprei 70% por utilizar como celular e 20% para utilizar os aplicativos no faz tanta falta alguns aplicativos mais caprichados.Pelo que aindei lendo pela internet sobre o n97, no n97 mini corrigiu grande parte dos problemas, se no quase todos, ento quem ainda estiver com medo de comprar, pode comprar sem maiores preocupaes.Na parte de jogos na internet tem uma infinidade de jogos quanto a isso no tenho do que reclamar.Usando a internet por ser um smartphone estou satisfeito em partes, quanto a ver maioria dos sites sem problemas, o problema &eacute; quando se tem um video para assistir, por no ter suporte a flash que &eacute; o formato de maioria dos sites no consigo assitir, o youtube funciona sem problemas.O gps (Ovi maps) por ser um telefone com varias funoes achei que o gps funciona bem, ainda mais por funcionar offline e de graa, pois &eacute; possivel baixar todos os mapas possiveis pelo site do Ovi.Outra coisa a se elogiar &eacute; o som do celular e tambem o fone de ouvido que achei muito potente.Por enquanto &eacute; s&oacute; depois que for usando mais atualizo aqui.

I've had this phone for over 12 months, and not recommended. It is very slow to respond to touch, applications are also very slow and often get stuck to the point that missed calls, being even necessary to remove the battery to restore it. Very bad product and if had at least 1 star, I would give.

the quality is very good,should not envy anything ninguntelefono smarphoneexcelente lo recomiendoneed a good protertor for phone

I have this product for a about one year. For phone it works. However, I am very disappointed about it, especially the software. I don't recommend it to others.The limitations:1. LanguagesYou may not go through the webpage in your own language. It also has no additional language package to support.2. WebpageThe webpage content is different  from a PC.3. Video functionTo converting video to the device is challenging your patience. Too Slow, support few limited formats.4. GPSIt takes too long to find Where you are even in good weather......

My first Unlocked Nokia was the E71. I thought that was a solid phone, but felt jealous of all the people with their big screen phones, therefore decided to get the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition...worst mistake I've ever made. That phone is probably Nokia's worst phone in my opinion. The best thing about it was the lifetime navigation license, but what good is that if the User Interface sucked, and was difficult to use. I returned that as soon as I could...sigh. Then I heard about the mini..it looks and feels fantastic. The one thing I have been unable to do that I miss from the E71, is the fact that I got to choose what internet to use. Ex: I could just set it to use WIFI and be done with it. The mini does not allow me to do this. Sometimes it asks me what I want to use, wifi or my phone's network. Other times I can't figure out what it is using. I prefer the touch interface on this phone hella better than the 5800. But hey, it was Nokia's first "mass market" touch interface. I mean what else can I say. I have a 5MP Camera, A GPS Navigator, A Phone, an MP3 Player, FM Radio, and an internet browser with FLASH support in one device. I do, however wish they would have kept the memory at 32GB. Other than that I am very happy with my phone, I haven't had any issues mentioned, though I did have them with the 5800.P.S. If anyone knows what I'm talking about with the wifi, feel free to send me some info on how to set it to only use wifi. Thank You.Review Update: My Honeymoon is Over!After owning the phone for about 5 months I realized this was not the phone for me. The truth is...this phone can do a lot. It is feature rich, however as many reviewers have warned, it has a lot of bugs. Like I wrote above, I've owned three Nokias and I've come to the conclusion that when it comes to Call Quality and Signal Strength, nothing beats the Nokia E71. After all, that's the whole purpose of the cell phone right? No, I'm not a business user, I'm just regular average Joe.Unfortunately that was not the case with the N97 Mini. I would still buy this phone over the 5800 any day. But if you decide to buy the phone, be warned that you're going to get a lot of call drops. Sometimes, I would be talking to someone on the phone and out of nowhere, the phone would shut off. And yes it was fully charged and yes my phone was updated. I mean it only takes a minute "over the air." Also the phone would freeze, not often, but it would. To Nokia's defense though, I have heard that is an issue with most touch screen phones.I took one star off due to software issues, which I believe is the cause for the freezing and shutoffs. I also took one star off due to speed(response when opening and switching between programs) of the phone. If you're a NOKIA Fan, don't hate me. I still LOVE NOKIA...They give you more for the value of your dollar. I just wish they would take the time to make a better quality product like the E71.

This is a regular-good phone but if you have a bit more money I would purchase something else, the touch screen is not very responsive and the processor is not fast enough to feel comfortable browsing on the web, if you want a phone to send sms and call only this phone is good otherwise get an Iphone or something else.Ovi store has a few apps  and most of them are not good and won't run great on the phone.The best thing about this phone is the camera and the signal reception, the qwert keyboard is also good but the Symbian OS crash sometimes and reset itself.I changed this phone a month later I purchased, now I have a Iphone 4 and I am happier, however I was not dissapointed with the nokia.

I've had this phone for at least a year.  It's my first "smart" phone. I got it because I can use it without having a contract to a Cell carrier.  I buy Pay As I GO phone cards and because I don't use the phone for talking much, I save ALOT of money over a year's time.  I pay $100 a year for a phone card.  This phone does so much! I can text, take pictures, it has notes, calendar, alarm clock, can kindof surf the internet (for free by connecting to free wifi), record sound, play MP3s and the radio and much more.  It synchs with my Outlook and the computer so I have all my information in both places.  My only downside is the interface is not real intuitive and it can take several selections to get to something that should be easier to get to.  Also, the documentation for using the phone and the on line features are tricky to understand. Lastly, I wish there was more of a selection of "apps" for the phone.  It seems very limited.  But overall, it does everything I ever wanted.

I purchased this phone for $150.00 from amazon. I love it. You can increase the font size so that those of us who have vision issues can see our texts, phone numbers, etc.wifi works easily and quickly.keyboard is easy to read and easy, commfortable to use.the screen is easy to read and navigate.ovi suite downloads to computer easily, and it is wonderful to sync the contacts, music, and maps from the phone.I guess I was lucky the day I purchased this phone for this price because now I see it costing much more.I haven't used ovi maps yet, but I look forward to using it..it takes great pictures and videos, and the fact that you can add a 16GB sdhc card to give a total of 24GB for the phone is remarkable.  The earphones for music work great and you can also listen to music without the headphones.This is the best phone I have ever had.  You will love it, especially, if you get it for a great price like I did.

I loved this phone when i first bought it, but at not even a year old, it has software problems. switches on and off in the middle of a txt. The battery life sucks. I hv to charge it twice a day now and all i use it for is texting! It seems to show its charging even tho its no where near the charger. Then when i do charge it, it charges only if i dnt move it. Once you pick it up, it stops, then starts, then stops, then starts - see an annoying pattern here?! Maps is very slow. I'd already be at my destination and it would still be loading. Whats sucks even more is that i am currently in a different country and to send it to nokia usa would take too long and my warrentee will expire half way thru its trip. I have never had any other phone but a nokia, and this is the first phone to have given me any problems. Very dissappointing.

This could have been a great phone. It has lots of features. The main problem is either the hardware is not powerful enough to run the software or the software is too bloated and buggy. I think I would blame the software as the phone gets very slow at times which can be very annoying. Rebooting the phone fixes most problems except when the phone freezes on reboot. From what I have seen this is called the White Screen of death. When this happens you have to do a hard reset to get the phone to start. Many times this is caused by simply downloading and installing new apps from the Nokia OVI store. I would think Nokia would have tested and approved each app it puts up in the store for download but it doesn't seem so. Nokia needs to pay more attention to this. Also I wish Nokia would have made expensive phones like these (since these are their Flagship models) more upgradeable like Android phones. The new Symbian OS is out and I am stuck with an expensive piece of lackluster performing hardware. Nokia has good ideas but their execution is poor. Nokia also does not even have an Original pouch or case for this phone to date unless you go to their Europe website. Now don't get me wrong, the phone is pretty good. It just could have been better.

I've always thougt nokia was the best ever, excelent reception, excelent durability, good software, overall the best.... The n90mini phone is alrigth, but the SO is a sh%#, slow, no good apps unless you crack your phone or buy some of the apps, 'cause free apps needs to be connected 24/7 to the internet, if you're not, the phone keeps popping up(every 10 seconds) a "search for connecting spot" and it's super annoying! If you want a good nokia cellphone, buy the n900, that is the best, but for the symbian os, i don't give 1 buck.... also if u are interted in apps, buy a android os phone or the iphone.... By the way the camera is excellent, the best thing the phone has, but anyway hope the comment work for you!!!!

I was on the phone back and forth with customer service, AT&T and also with Nokia and it was a pain, we couldn't get it to connect to AT&T. It's a pretty cool phone but just didn't work with my phone service.

I like this phone... It's very useful and very elegant. Take good pictures, nice sound, and the screen es very responsive.I do not like the fact that is a little slow, and in my country doesn't have maps...The software could be better, the hardware is great!!

This smartphone is really nice, it has one of most responsive resistive screen i ever used. The form factor is great and you have the toch screen device that has a hidden keyboard.The resolution is very sharp, colors looks nice.It has a great camara with a very good flash.The performance of the phone is good, many people said that this phone is slow but if you update to the latest firmware you will get a faster and more responsive phone.This version of the phone comes with a car charger and a car mount so you can use it as a voice navigation GPS with OVI maps which is free.The construccion is really solid and has a metal batery cover. I had a Nokia E71 that i concider one of the best built phones but if you compare it, the N97 Mini feels good to. Dosent feel cheap.This a really good smartphone that comes unlocked and has a great price.

I bought the phone hoping for full functionality. The phone system has crashed multiple times for me and navigation within the phone itself is also tedious. Also, the apps are quite useless, and the wi-fi is slow even with a faster internet server. The sound quality is mediocore and tends to break down easily.

it's been working great since i got it, not problem at allgreat phone with different apps

I'm a gadget nut, with a particular affinity for Nokia and Symbian, which I find far more robust and user friendly than many of the other options out there.  I've used a number of Nokia E-series products, and returned to my E71 again and again - like many people, I think it's one of the best smart phones ever made.  Nonetheless, I recently tried the N97 (twice). I returned the first one - it was clearly not ready for prime time. The second time around was better, because the firmware was more evolved; however, the phone was just too big for me, particularly after using the E71.When the N97 mini became available, I was initially put off by the negative reviews, including those that made it seem like less than the n97, but for about the same cost.  I'm glad I ignored those reviews. This is a phenomenal phone, starting with the phone.  In my opinion, Nokia is matched only by Blackberry when it comes to signal strength and call quality, and I don't understand why professional reviews just gloss over the phone capability - for me, it's one of the most important features of a phone.  The home screen is highly modifiable - something that was a deal killer for me re: iPhone (I don't want to know that I have an email; I want to be able to see the email itself without having to dig down through four menus).  The web browser is snappy and excellent.  The size is perfect. Build quality far exceeds that of the N97, and is on par with the E71.  The touch screen is very responsive - I've read a lot about resistive vs. capacitive; however, I was never comfortable with the iPhone but feel that mini works very well.If you're on AT&T; and are bemoaning the fact that you can't get a decent Android phone, then get this.  You'll be happy you did.All and all, very pleased with the purchase. The only cautionary note is that if you use all of the widgets and leave things on, like greader, facebook, etc., you'll def. run into battery issues. But you would with any phone.

The product is great. But only I am missing some parts from the order and I am not having the customer service I was expecting....

Perfect! No more words recquired. It worths the price. Very good GPS software. I did regret not buying one of these to me.

El producto lleg&oacute; en los plazos establecidos, el tel&eacute;fono es excelente, tiene las funcionalidades que requer&iacute;a y muchas m&aacute;s.

The phone looks and feels GREAT in the hand, nice materials, solid build quality.  Other than that - it's almost useless.  I probably got a bad one, but with all the bad reviews of the N97 and N97 mini out there, maybe not.  First - I got the phone up and running great.  Decided to put in an 8GB MicroSD card that I have - turned it off, took of the battery cover and inserted the card.  I replaced the batter cover and the phone wouldn't turn on.  So I took the battery cover off and hit the power button again.  It came on this time, so I thought maybe it was operator error.  As soon as the battery cover snapped shut, the screen went black and the phone wouldn't turn on again until I took the battery out and put it back in again.After I finally got the phone turned on, with the battery cover on, and the memory card in, I was hoping my problems were over.  Nope.  Now the phone randomly turns off and won't come back on until I remove the battery and replace it again.In addition to all the battery cover/memory card/power problems, the phone seems to have some network management problems.  Sometimes the Nokia Social Networking App will be unable to find a network connection, the Facebook app included with the phone only works about 1/2 the time, the other half it says there is a major problem and suggests a restart.  Browser crashes when loading even mobile sites ([...] repeatedly).Needless to say, the phone is on its way back to Amazon.  I REALLY wanted to like this phone - the form factor is great, and I love the idea of having an unlocked phone since I'm in the military and travel overseas sometimes.  I was a big Nokia fan, but if this is one of their flagship products, it's going to take quite a bit for me to buy another Nokia product again.--Matt

This phone advertises itself a functional smartphone with all the capabilities you'd expect from a $400 phone...email, wireless, navigation, etc.  I have been extremely (repeat: extremely) disappointed with both the basic and sophisticated features of this product.  The difficulty ranges from the clunky and counter-intuitive Nokia platform that is in all of their smartphone devices to the basic ability to use a phone.  Often when my phone rings, the touch screen doesn't illuminate and thus the touch screen is inoperable and I'm unable to answer the call.  It is unreliable at basic downloads and then without notice will be busy for extended periods of time downloading old messages and updating itself, missing incoming phone calls and text messages.Especially given the cost of this phone, it is an egregiously terribly product.  Do NOT buy it unless you'd like to replace it with a new Blackberry in 3 months like I had to do.

apart from the excellent hardware design, this phone is not worth a single $.  The SW is just one big pile of bugs, and if you are keen on your data bill, it has some bugs that would regularly open a data connection and start downloading something.. Till today i couldn't figure what on earth it is doing.  Many times i looked at the phone only to find an active data connection!! and I have to close it manually everytime.This mobile is a huge let down.  It fails to deliver in many areas.  You will find SW bugs all over the place.  The only downside for the hardware is its lack of graphics acceleration.  It is slow and ugly (when compared to other smart phones).  When recording videos, zooming in or out blacks out the screen momentarily, which is annoying.

Excellent  product, I am using this cell phone in "Ecuador" and it works pefectly, however in the pictures appears an aditional accesory (finger's pad) but did not send me.

The phone is better in every way than its big brother, the N97. However, just like its big brother, the OS is SLOW! I am comparing this to an Android or an Apple powered phone though.It only has 400 something mHz of computing power and that's low compared to the 600 mHz of the new phones that just got released a few months ago.I like the qwerty very much and the Carl Zeis camera but the flash is weak! The Nokia N82 has better flash that this!!I'm disappointed. I will keep for the qwerty pad but I might upgrade to the Nokia N900 or wait until the HTC Trophy finally comes out (maybe just switch to the HTC HD2 all at once).

Estoy satisfecho con la mayor&iacute;a de las prestaciones del equipo, excepto el reproductor de m&uacute;sica y la radio, los cuales no est&aacute;n a la altura de  equipos Nokia anteriores.

I purchased this phone for the sole purpose of using it during my travels.  I travel worldwide, and am out of the US more than I'm in it.  I was in the market for a phone that had the following capabilities:Quad-band, so it'll work in all the countries I visitUnlocked, so I can slip in different SIM cards for said countriesGPS, so I could find my way aroundGood camera (5mp or better), so I can take pics on the fly without having to pull out my actual cameraGood battery life, so I don't have to constantly rechargeTouchscreen, because I have always been a fan of this featureQWERTY keyboard, because as much as I love a touchscreen, I like a dedicated keyboard for punching out my textsSlider phone, because I want both the big touchscreen and a keyboardThis phone has all of the above qualities I was looking for, so I snapped it up.  Before this phone, I used in iPhone while at home in the US and purchased the Sony Xperia X1a for my travels.  As much as I loved the zippy OS and intuitive interface of my iPhone, it was locked into a service plan and had a pretty crummy camera as well as no physical keyboard.  I let my contract expire and I purchased the Xperia.  That phone was lovely to look at; very sleek and solid with a cool keyboard.  But after a few weeks with it, I realized how hard of a time I was having typing with it (and I have pretty small fingers), so I began a new search for a phone and came across the Nokia N97 mini.  I actually saw it for the first time in a market overseas, and then ordered mine online.  The N97 mini is very easy on the eyes.  Even though the color was listed as black, it has a metallic maroonish bezel.  The back of the phone is metal and the front is quality plastic, giving this phone a solid weighty feel in your hands.  It slides open easily (but not loosely), and flips up at an angle for better viewing while typing.  The keys are very tactile and although a little close together, pretty easy to type with.  I've read many reviews that knock this phone for its off center space bar, and a few reviews ding them further if the user is left handed, but I'm left handed, and I have no problem using it.  You just have to get used to hitting the spacebar with your right thumb.  No biggie.Call quality is great.  Voices are clear and loud.  I've traveled to some remote parts of the world, and even with spotty cell coverage due to rudimentary networks, I can place a call and it'll go through.The OS isn't as fast or sleek as the iPhone, and the touchscreen isn't as responsive, nor does it have multitouch (which I sort of miss), but it's much better than a Windows based OS and with a little playing around with it, you get used to it.The camera is also pretty good.  Picture quality won't be as great as a standalone camera, obviously, but for a cell phone camera, this one is pretty impressive.  Pictures come out crisp and the color stays true.  I've used the camera function to take most of my pictures since I've been overseas.  I barely bring out my regular camera now, unless I want to take specialty photos (pictures at night, macro).The apps that come pre-installed are mediocre to good.  Ovi maps, Facebook, YouTube, and a few others that I don't really use.  For me personally, the Ovi store is pretty impossible to use.  Their online store is buggy and customer service is sub-par at best, but that's not a ding on this phone, as it would be that way with any Nokia phone.The Nokia N97 mini is an excellent phone for traveling.  The physical aspects of this phone is solid enough that it'll have no problems holding up to wherever you take it, although I would still recommend a screen protector and case to avoid excess dust and scratches.  It works as a one stop gadget, as you can watch movies, listen to music, play games, surf the internet, place calls, find where you are with the GPS, and take pictures all with one gadget in your bag.  Highly recommended.

The bestest of the bests!  Before I bought it, I made lots of comparisons, among several brands (Blackberry, Nokia, Motorola, etc..) and for sure I did make the best decision. The greatest price/performance ever.

I had the N97, which unfortunately was big, too plasticky, and had a lot of of problems (even after the latest firmware update 2.0) - the biggest problem being the lack of RAM and internal memory.I decided to get the N97 mini because it addresses a lot of those issues (and because I just love the form factor of the phone). The N97 mini feels like a high-end device due to its stainless steel materials and higher quality plastic. The internal memory is huge now (no more deleting files/apps to free up space) and it just feels better in the hands over the chunky N97 because of the smaller physical size. It also seems to be more stable than the N97 even though they essentially run the same firmware. It still has lower amount of free RAM than I would like, but Nokia has done a much better job optimizing RAM when running its own apps with the latest firmware (I never get an "out of memory" message). However, 3rd party apps that are memory intensive (e.g. Garmin Mobile XT) still give me problems.The Symbian S60 5th Ed OS may be lackluster in terms of eye candy but it is still one of the most functional mobile OS's out there. I would rather choose functionality over beauty.Overall, I would recommend this product to people, especially over its bigger brother, the N97.

I am giving this phone a 5 only because it is so far ahead of android, iphone, blackberry, palm pre, etc that it deserves this. I have purchased 11 nokia phones for all my employees. They all love them. We replaced blackberries, palms, windows, etc. We txt our calendar events to whoever needs to see them. They multitask better than any other smartphone and rarely crash - my personal one only about once a month with lots of additional apps. They are built with superb quality.I wish I could write more but I have a broken arm and will add more after healed. I rarely write reviews, but i have spent sooo much $$$ on so many phones in the last few years that people must know that this is the only company really trying to do it all well.The music player multitasks amazingly.

All I have to say is that this is a great phone I purchesed it recentlly knowing that its not the newest one but I JUST FALL IN LOVE WITH IT I have to say that I am really impresed becouse of all the different applications for it and internet browsing is just perfect. If you like it... buy it you wont regreat it its great and really recomended!!

I was a holdout from smartphones for a reason. I couldn't justify the monthly cost of owning a smarthphone with a data plan. Then my old Motorola met an untimely demise before I was due an upgrade and the N97 became available, unlocked, for a reasonable and affordable price. I'm the type that usually does a lot of research before I make a purchase. So I read a lot of the forums where this phone was suggested, unlocked, due to the fact that it could be used without having to purchase an expensive 30-40 dollar a month data plan.The phone is very well put together and the design is nice and rugged. For the unlocked price that I purchased it at it does pretty much everything I could ask of it. I found a solution to getting a phone without having to renew my contract through AT&T; which gives me the option of now canceling and switching to Verizon. To those of us who don't live on the West Coast or in a major city, AT&T;'s service is shoddy and downright atrocious. I live in a densely populated suburb in the NYC metro area and I am constantly losing signal and dropping calls. Enough of that, onto the N97mini.The touch screen isn't as responsive as current gen cell phone touch screens. Add into the fact that certain times you have to double click and other times its a single click, this can drive you pretty much insane. The Symbian app store has next to no app support. The best apps I've gotten are for the weather, and AccuWeather app often freezes, crashes, and does not automatically update. Nor has it ever synced with the built in GPS to change the forecast based on GPS location. eBuddy is the only application that allows AIM service and connectivity, or other messengers. It only works with a 3G data signal and refuses to work with WiFi, driving the cost of using something as simple as AIM up to enormous levels. The Facebook app is the only one that works decently enough to use with any consistency. The web is too small on the tiny screen to actually be of any use for web page browsing. You have to zoom in so close that you end up scrolling the majority of the time you're attempting to read anything. Plus Symbian's built in browser often isn't compatible with anything but the simplest of webpages. The YouTube app is painfully slow and low resolution.On the plus side, the GPS system works pretty well when getting driving directions. I've used this phone's GPS over my in dash system many times due to the fact that map updates on the N97 are free. The music player does what it says  it will, which is play music. Though the headset that came included with the phone did not work directly out of the box. The camera is sharp for a cell phone, but I honestly wish Nokia would have chosen a better phone OS than putting a super amazing camera in the phone.Symbian has little to no support and its speed just doesn't cut it. Lets add to the fact that you can't update your phone to the latest and greatest version of Symbian that comes on the N8 and E7 and if you have this phone right now it is already so obsolete that there is little to no functionality past texting and calling. The built in full qwerty keyboard is great and very responsive, and the tilt screen feels like its durable.If you were like me, who purchased this phone at the end of last year, it is essentially a phone you can text from, check Facebook, make phonecalls, listen to music, and use as a GPS. The N-gage game support does not work. The available games for purchase from the Ovi Store for this version of Symbian is next to none. I'm going to own this phone a total of 8 months before my contract is up and I switch to Verizon to purchase an Android phone or the iPhone 5.

Let me start by saying that the Nokia N97mini performs very well in its class. It is not to be compared with the likes of the iPhone and the Droids. So, if you are looking for something equivalent to the experience on the iPhone, this is not the phone for you. Perhaps, wait for the Nokia N8 or E7.As the owner of the iPhone3G and the Motorola Droid, I had lowered my expectations considerably when I bought this device. My goal was to get an unlocked smartphone that had email capabilities, some limited apps that I use and most importantly free navigation. After reading a lot of reviews, I chose the Nokia N97 mini - partly because, there was a deal available at the time from Dell (I was debating between the N97mini and the X6). Got the N97mini w/ navigation package for around $290 including taxes and shipping.The overall look and feel of the device is very good. It is sturdy and has a rich feel to it (apart from the touch screen) because of the metallic sides and back cover. Getting started up with the device for basic call functions, messaging and browsing is a breeze. But if you want to make changes and customize the device to your liking, be prepared to spend a considerable amount of time figuring out its quirky OS. This device has a resistive touch screen and looks and feels a little cheap (plasticky) when compared to the iPhone and Droids which use capacitive touch technology (with glass). The learning curve is rather steep. But once you get a hang of it, it doesn't bother you much. I'm very impressed with the call quality. Its way better than how my iPhone was and how my Motorola Droid is. The camera takes decent pictures and the video was also quite good. However, the flash was not very helpful even in a dimly lit room. I wonder if it will be of any use in completely dark situations. The slide mechanism for the keypad is robust and is so much better than the one I have on my Motorola Droid.The device comes with 8GB internal storage with the option to add upto an additional 16GB using a microSD card. I have just placed an order for a 16GB microSD from Amazon so I can't comment on the performance of the device with additional memory. I was able to load music and pictures rather easily. I was also impressed with the radio (although you have to use the wired headset that comes along with this unit) performance.The part that most impressed me was Ovi Maps and Navigation. I've been travelling a lot and rely on GPS devices quite a bit. I used to carry my Garmin c330 earlier before I switched to Google Navigation on my Droid. Unfortunately, Google Navigation has been a complete disappointment for me. Now, I absolutely adore Ovi Maps / Navigation. It has been able to give me my location in less than 30 seconds and it provides directions even if I'm out of a cellular coverage area. It has capabilities to warn you if you are over the speed limit (customizable) and can re-route based on traffic information. The one thing from Google Navigation that I would like to see in Ovi Navigation is that of "Layers". Especially, to see traffic information as a layer on the map itself as opposed to reading it as a list. But I definitely rate this as my #1 favorite feature apart from call quality.The Ovi Store on this device is akin to App store on the iPhone or the Android Market on the Droids. It does not have the huge quantity of maps that the other stores can boast of. For me, I use a handful of free apps and they were all available in the Ovi Store (For anything more, I have my Motorola Droid!). I downloaded the Ovi Suite from the Nokia USA website and was easily able to update the software and get updates to existing applications.Some other features I'm yet to completely evaluate: Front facing camera, video calling application (I heard Fring(?) is available for this), notifications for emails, switching between WiFi and cellular packet data,To sum it up:PROS:1. Great phone (call quality)2. Excellent Navigation using Ovi Maps.3. Comfortable physical keyboard for typing.4. Easy to setup email.CONS:1. Resistive touchscreen. (If this is a huge concern for you, you can choose the Nokia X6 which I think is very similar to the N97 mini with a capacitive touch display but without a physical keypad).2. Ovi Suite - Downloading and transferring maps take a long time! I started downloading USA maps (little over 1GB) and it said estimated time was 2 hours. I killed it and downloaded just maps for the states I travel to. Even transferring photos takes quite some time when using Ovi Suite!3. Complicated OS with lots of hard-to-find settings.4. Only one home screen for widgets and apps. It provides a second one but that can only be blank :(

I like it. It is cute and powerful. I don't use data much, so I don't actually need the android/apple phone.  The only problem is that the phone shuts down by itself very often.

I've owned many cell phones over the years, including 4 previous Nokia phones, including the N95 and the E75.  This N97 Mini far surpasses the quality and features of the others by far.  The build quality is excellent.  The slide works perfectly - not too easy to open, and not too tight of a fit either.  The call quality is better than the other Nokia's I've owned and the volume in every respect is louder than the others as well.The touch screen is great - works well with a stylus too.  The keyboard is great (I hated the keyboard on the E75).  Overall I'm so happy I purchased this phone, and with the free navigation, it's like getting an extra bonus!

I purchased this phone because my N95 8 Gb (4 years of intense use) is now falling apart.Primary reasons on buying the N97 mini:1) I use navigation all over the world, Nokia is the only phone (nokia maps) that will give you that service, now on the newer models even for free, but downgraded and it's gone to OVI maps, (My N95 did that, but had to pay, but it worked 100%)2) emailing, so wifi needs to work flawless. (my n95 did that)3) searching the net for business research while traveling in asia, so internet needs to work flawless with 3G networks. (N95 did that)4) bluetooth needs to connect the phone to my rental car's sound system or my own private car, so I can drive hands free and safe. (My N95 did that all day long.)The first week, the phone worked fine:- except for OS freez ups now and then, I was forewarned for this problem on this amazon customer reviews, but could reset the phone easy after a freez up.Problems that nobody wrote about:- when bluetooth is active, battery drains empty within 1 hour, and battery gets overheated.- when wifi is active battery also drains empty within 1 hour,and battery gets overheated.So if you use those features, make sure you have a charger at hand.The second week, bluetooth stopped working altogether, I tried a firmware upgrade, but no results, then I decided to uninstall all software apps that were not originally on the phone when I received it, but also that didn't solve the problem. After reading up on N97 on the net, I discover many people are suffering from the same problem.Other issues I found very frustrating on this phone:-The connectivity on the N97 mini is very frustrating, and the way it manages your access points doesn't make sense either, N95 was better, why the h@#%!ll change a winner?-Bluetooth when it still worked, would react very slow, it could take minutes before it would show up on other pairing devices.-The phone refuses to show up on my computer's OVI office suite, whether I use USB or Bluetooth, it just doesn't work, so forget synchronizing all together.-This phone will not allow you to use email accounts that use pop3 and smtp, strictly and only html mail. (I could send and receive on any email account on my N95 anywhere in the world.I decided to send it back and have a refund.This in now the second phone I have to send back within weeks after purchase, first I bought the N900, that developed grey lines on the screen, and was a big disappointment on overall performance, similar to the N97 mini.Will try 1 more time purchasing the N8-00 later this month when it becomes available, if that is a disappointment again, I will never ever buy a Nokia again in my life, so far i had only Nokia's for the last 18 years, and I've been a very satisfied Nokia user and fan.I wish they still sold a Nokia phone, that out smarts the N95 8Gb with the same or higher quality standards.

Update Jan 16, 2014. This past year the phone developed a troubling sign - it will restart on its own and will refuse from time to time to take pictures, open address book or send texts (things I do the most). I decided to update the firmware and this time it made the phone a brick. So, overall I got four year out of this phone. Last two years (2013 and 2012) the performance was slowly degrading and another update to firmware made it a brick. I feel that quality of Nokia phones really went down. I am still using their 2006 model (I do not even know the model number anymore) and it works just fine, with the original battery and no problems.I bought this phone from Amazon and using it for one year now.I updated the firmware right away. Installed phone manager/back up address book and installed Skype. Also updated GPS maps. All were free.Phone is a good performer, but the reception is not the best. We live where the reception is about two-three bars and it will loose the signal often.It was never able to use our in-house Wi-Fi - I am not sure why. It sees the wireless and asks for the pass phrase. Tries to connect and a minute later says the network can not be found.Skype never worked right - always crushed and it took some effort to remove it, as it would crush the phone too. I could never use it to make calls.GPS is OK, but very slow. Prepare for long wait to get your position and to respond to your movement.Battery life is OK. The phone lasts two-three days of heavy use and texting. The skin I bought from Amazon became larger then the phone after several month of use. Now it can't stay put. I had to remove it.Camera is good, flush is not really useful. Music player is good, but it will drain the battery fast. I have to recharge it daily now.The fold out keyboard is very good and very useful, if you like to text a lot.OVerall, the phone did not really meet my needs - the reception problems, wireless problem and Skype never worked.

I have had this phone for only two months and I am now unable to use it. I know now that I should have made myself aware of the possible problemsI could experience. The phone does not turn on any longer. In fact, I cannot even get into the home page. Apparently others have experience the same problem. Only recently has this model has been sold in the USA, and at such a very high price one should expect more than a two month usage period before breakdown. It is a very attractive phone. If only it worked properly. I would love to get my money back and go for something that's tried and true.

Greetings - I have had this phone for a few days now and I am very pleased with it.  I am impressed with its super build quality - the keyboard and sliding mechanism are well-designed.  It has great battery life and the sound quality is excellent.  I am less happy with the resistive touch screen - but it is bright and evenly backlit.  The sliding keyboard makes texting and e-mail messages fairly easy - but the overall size of the phone does result in a keyboard thats on the small side.  No doubt about it - the Symbian OS is not as intuitive as iOS or Android - but it works well.  There are a couple of issues I need to "warn" about though.  The first is Ovi maps - it's true you can download maps for free but the quality of the maps themselves are an order of magnitude behind Google maps.  Specifically - when you zoom in Google maps - you will get a new "mapsheet" of the same area - with re-sized graphics and lettering.  When you zoom in on the Ovi maps you tend to just zoom into the same (scanned I assume) mapsheet.  The second thing that is irritating is the e-mail functionality.  You have to run thru a wizard to set up e-mail, and it works OK, but you don't have as many customization options as I would like to see (eg - you can't rename your account - Hotmail is "hotmail.com" with no editing options).  Last point to warn potential buyers - I do not think the LCD cover is glass - it appears to be plastic.  This could lead to some scratches down the road it you don't buy a screen protector.The two criticisms above are small points, I admit.  I still very much like this phone and I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a smaller and cheaper alternative to the current batch of expensive smartphones.

I love what i bought and would buy it agan and again if need be.Thanks for the services - I love Nokia. Keep moving on and making the great impact.

This Nokia N97 was not worth what I paid for it. It froze up on me and will not power up....this is quality junk!!! After letting it charge for days and it still does not work....I threw it in my junk drawer and replaced it with a HTC phone which works like a dream!!

No reason to say about its features, it is more than known and published everywhere on internet, it is simply great!If you look for a hard qwerty keyboard in a full featured small cell phone, this is one to consider.A bit of deception because Nokia do not release new firmware versions for it very often (or I would say rarely), plus finding applications to it is not as easy as for Android (this runs Symbian), but these do not make me think it is a bad choice, I would probably buy again. And, of course, no other brand makes as good antenna as Nokia does, Nokia rules on signal.

great phone- a little steep on the price but you do not have to worry about buying a data plan with you phone carrier so you can save a heap on this unlocked phone by using the local wifi hotpot accounts in your town.The phone is small and light and the touch screen is pretty responsive- I see very little difference with resistive and the capacitive screens.The n97 mini has the resistive so in theory is needs a harder push on the screen to do the same commands that a capacitive screen would do. The upside with resistive as in this phone is you have handwriting recognition and you can write notes and enter things into the device by writing them with a stylus or a blunt pen like object- this option or you could use the keyboard that is very well designed or you can enter things in the traditional way using the key pad on the screen.Now Ovi maps includes free voice navigation which is an added bonus.As with Nokia phones it has a solid build quality and feels strong and durable and like it will last- it can also run several applications in the background like all Symbian phones- no problems.

Phone is great, GPS works very well. Simple to use, menu is great.Syncronization with outlook seems to work well, but it is a shame that it does not let you review the changes before hand, neither prompts for conflict resolution.Another inconvenience is the non-standard USB port connector. You need to carry the custom cable and can only use the specific phone charger. Considering the size of the phone, there is no apparent reason for not using the standard port.Other than that, the phone is great.

In fact, I am a big fan of Nokia cellphones, because of many strong basic things such as well-beyond voice quality and high reception capability of signal...(For that reason, I bough this phone rather than iPhone or other Smart phones.)But, I am disappointed in thisn N97 mini due to missing those Nokia's strength of it.First of all, there are many call drops in my office.Even though in my desk in the office, the AT&T; signal is weak, I have no experince of call drops with other phones that I have used.But, I had many call drops during calls of Nokia N97 mini.And, to hear more clear voice (not to drop the calls), I had to make a weird posture to get better signals or need to get out my office...I cannot accept this...And, the call quality itself, I am not satisfied with it.Even in the strong signal locations, I can hear some vague echos from the phone.Last thing that I want to point out is that too short battery life.If I use some appliation in the phone, the batter level goes to low very easily.Most of days that I used, I need to charge two times per day.But, I want to say that Nokia applicatios are much improved vs. Nokia's previous ones such as Navigator, Camara and FM Radio.

I have had this phone for a little over a week now and am quite happy with the results so far. Before I begin though, I feel like a few caveats are in order. 1) If you are expecting an Apple iPhone UI experience in terms of simplicity and whistles and bells, you will be disappointed with the OS employed by this smartphone (Symbian S60 5th Edition). 2) You definitely need a data plan to get full use of this phone - preferable through AT&T; to take advantage of 3g speed. 3) This phone uses resistive touch screen technology - as such, it is not as sensitive as that used in many commercial touch screen smartphones on the market in the US. If you're coming from that background, you'll find this a little difficult to get used to. That said, if you live in a colder environment, you'll be able to use this phone while wearing gloves.With that out of the way, here are the impressions I have:1) This is a well-built phone with nice use of metals and higher quality plastics. It feels great in the hand - solid and compact. There is no creaking whatsoever (you can't even tell straight up that the phone has a keyboard) and the hinge seems durable and well designed - time will tell. On the negative side, I have noticed that there is a little light leak coming from a couple of the keys and the camera key also feels a little stiff.2) I found the keyboard to be tactile and I was able to adapt to it pretty quickly. There is enough space between the keys to make typing a relatively accurate experience. The space key is slightly offset which may throw some people.3) The overall feel of the OS is pretty zippy. Coming from a Nokia N95 8gb, I am definitely experiencing a speed increase in menu transitions and application load times.4) The out-of-the box firmware appears quite stable. I've had the phone for over a week and have not experienced a lock-up yet. My previous phone would crash at least once every couple of days so stability is a key issue for me and this phone (so far) appears to pass muster.5) The home screen is completely customizable. This is a great feature and gives you virtually one touch access to the things you use the most - be it applications, contacts, music player and a whole range of web widgets (facebook, email, weather)6) The GPS gets fast locks especially when use the assisted GPS function (allowing the phone to access data from the internet to obtain a quicker GPS fix). The phone also comes preloaded with map data for the US and Canada.  For voice navigation you'll need to purchase a license from Nokia. I find their service to be accurate and okay value for money.7) The camera takes excellent pictures for a phone and is one of the main reasons I bought this phone. I am noticing a slight improvement on the camera module from the N95 even though the specs are virtually the same. I imagine that Nokia have tweaked the camera processing software somewhat.  Worth mentioning though is that the quality is never going to be as good as even a rudimentary compact camera - especially in low light conditions. That said, always having a camera on your person for on the fly photography is awesome. It's also great to be able to upload to flickr or facebook upon capturing a photo you want to share.8) The music player does a nice job and provides rich sound. There is no FM transmitter on this model (unlike the N97 standard) so connecting it to a car stereo will have to be through Bluetooth or wired using the headphone socket (it is a standard 3.5 jack)9) Connecting to a computer is simple. Nokia provides the OVI suite which helps to sync your calendar, music, photos/videos etc. You can also download new maps and backup your phone data using this software. Unfortunately, you'll need a PC to install it. Using a Mac still allows you to access the phone in mass-memory mode so you can drop down music to the phone manually.10)  Battery life is pretty good. Ultimately of course it depends on how you use the phone as to how long it lasts. If you're using data heavy widgets and GPS, you're battery will become depleted quite quickly.  It easily lasts a full day of average use (couple of calls,  10-15 text messages, an hour of music while browsing the internet on Opera Mini, reviewing some emails from my Gmail account and taking 2 or 3 photos)11) You can get a whole range of 3rd party apps for this phone - free and paid for. I recommend downloading Opera Mini (an alternative browser), Fring, (a VOIP application which allows connection to the Skype network) and Joikuspot  (a app that turns your phone into a wireless hotspot and comes installed on this phone). Nokia's own OVI store can be used for downloading apps but I have not had great experiences with this method - I find their app store to be poorly organized and the access point is slow and klunky. There are other stores out there where apps can be downloaded which provide a better experience in my eyes.12) As it currently stands, you'll likely have to import a case and screen protector for this phone.  I'm sure this will change in the coming months.All in all, this is a great phone - it is extremely versatile and has coped well thus far with all I've thrown at it. It does lack the wow factor of the iPhone or the n900 in the user interface department but if you can get past that and want a functional, aesthetically pleasing smartphone this is a decent option.*****EDIT: I have used the phone full-time for around a month now and am in a good position to supplement my review with the following comments regarding features that I have discovered/missed in my original review and bugs that I have encountered with the firmware shipped with the device (namely v. 10.2.020).13. Voice/phone capabilities: It is testament to this phone's many other features that I neglected to mention the overall voice capabilities of the phone. They are pretty much what you come to expect with Nokia devices in general - I have owned 4 models in my life and each one has provided strong voice functionality. General reception on the phone is excellent, voice comes through nice a clear and I've had no complaints from the other end. One related negative point here though that I would like to add is that the speakers on this phone are not quite as impressive as other devices that I have owned. They just seem a lot less powerful and considerably more tinny.  As a consequence, I have limited my speakerphone use to quiet areas.14.  I got a nice case for the phone from PDAIR. It is a leather holder of sorts that houses the phone nice and securely. It doesn't add too much bulk to the phone either. I also got a screen protector from the same supplier.15. Update on the battery use: Again, I am relatively impressed with the longevity of the battery vs. my personal daily use. I do not use any data heavy widgets but I have activated the push email feature of my email client (Profimail).  I typically push my regular non-business email so it's not on the go for 12 hours a day but I receive at least 15 emails/day. This has been added to my regular usage as noted above (namely couple of calls, 10-15 text messages, an hour of music while browsing the internet on Opera Mini and taking 2 or 3 photos). I typically have around 4 bars of battery left when I plug it in to charge again overnight. If I have a day when I really intend to use it heavily, I plug it into my computer at work to give it a little extra juice. One thing I have noticed when doing this is that I am unable to access my music through the device (likely due to the computer recognizing access in mass memory mode (where my music is stored) as opposed to just charging the battery). This is a little inconvenient but maybe there is a workaround that I haven't discovered yet.16. Firmware bugs: First up, don't be put off by the following remarks: None of them are real deal breakers for me and they will likely be cleaned up in the next firmware update. Being an early adopter of devices, you come to accept that there will be some issues and you just hope that they don't impact regular use too much. This is the case here:a. I noticed that when you are receiving a call and need to activate the screen using the screen release button on the side you sometimes have to flick the switch several times to get the screen to activate. This can be irritating when you need to get the dialer application up when you are using some automated system (i.e. calling your bank etc.)b. I noticed that on occasion (and the exact situation that inspires this still undetermined) the phone does lock up for a good few minutes before resolving itself. In the past this has happened when I've had a few 3rd part apps open and then tried to access the music player. I resolve this typically by restarting the phone. Ultimately, this may be due to 3rd party app incompatibility or it may be some sort of firmware issue. If anybody has had a similar experience, I'd be interested to know what your conditions were. Again, this hasn't happened many times and in all probability, a 3rd party app was to blame. I also want to add here that I have never the type of lock up where you need to remove the battery.c. Memory management: If I could change this device in any way, I would have given it 256mb of ROM as opposed to the 128. That said, I have only encountered memory out errors twice and both were due to trying to access the photo gallery. (As a side note, the photo gallery needs to optimized somewhat, it takes a while to load the images etc. and feels sludgy overall. This is somewhat annoying as the photo taking capability of this phone is where it excels in comparison to other devices yet trying to show off some of the images you've taken and having to deal with the slow gallery interface removes some of the wow factor for users of other devices). I recently purchased a program that gives me all kinds of data regarding the phone including available ROM memory and I have noticed that the amount of ROM you start off with after restarting the phone is slowly chipped away at even if you correctly close applications that you are finished with for the day.  This is likely due to all the system process background apps that are loaded as you use the phone throughout the day and ultimately probably lends to some memory out errors. Again, I've only encountered this a couple of time and if you remain diligent in closing apps that you are finished with (you'll conserve battery this way too) and restart the phone every once in a while, you'll likely not encounter this too often.d. There is an error with the standard profile/ring tone whereby despite assigning a ringtone to a profile, the software chooses something different for certain people calling me. I can't explain this at all and have checked all the settings.My original conclusion still remains and, as the firmware becomes more mature, this phone should get better with age.

Not only it looks great, feels great, but works great.It has all the functions I need, though seems to lack some of them when you just look at the manual that comes in the box, but when you look further and download the ones on internet (157 pages) you find all the beauties you can enjoy from your phone. I read some reviews before about them not having default numbers on the directory etc, but when I read the more comprehensive manual, I realized you can default not only the types of calls (video or audio), but the number to use to either and the one for messages. That even worked for my previous phone, the Nokia N85 that I always complained it made me work too much to just place a call.I LOVE the keyboard!, for messaging, browsing the net and placing comments on Facebook. The music player can be accessed and controlled from the main menu without having to exit other functions to change songs.This is my first touch phone and I really regret not having had one before, you save so much time moving fron one application to another and makes each one much easier to work with.In all, I LOOOOVE IT!Needles to say, Amazon delivered not only on time put earlier and in pristine conditions... I always trust this guys!

Unas de mis mejores compras en amazon, aparte la encontre a un precio razonable.Pros- Ultimo en tecnologia- Resolucion de camara Excelente- Todo lo que uno ocupa para tener divercionContraHasta el momento ninguna :)

Fee sat nav and free maps an updates forever, totally configurable, touch screen, good keyboard and my fingers aren't small, good battery life; using a lot maybe 3days (buy a car charger ;), great photos and video. I thought about an iphone but this is better...plus I can add more memory :)

I purchased this phone as a hopeful replacement for my Iphone 3g. I am an extremely heavy phone/data user on a daily basis. I absolutely loved this phone. Now onto the P&C;PROSKeyboardtetheringsoftware (i am an old symbian user so this is second nature to me)perfect sizekeyboardkeyboardsuper solid feel in your handsNokia Computer software (can even pull music from itunes to your phone)CONSbattery = horribleoutdoors =  screen barely visibledoes not charge through usbMan just writing this review I miss this phone. But the battery could not make it 4 hours into my day with my super heavy usage. I am not always in an area were a charger can be used so I had to return it.

I bought it for my wife. She liked it very much. It support all she needs as there are a lot of symbian applications on the market - like skype, youtube, etc.

I think this is a great phone. The size and weight are ideal. The qwerty keyboard is the best i have ever used. However, there are two areas for improvement. The feedback from the touchscreen is not great and the operating system is somewhat slow to respond at times. Also, the internet browsing capability is not as good as some other phones. If you want to do simple phone functions and have good media capability and battery life it is a great buy. If you want a proper smart phone to surf the web and send e-mails perhaps the iphone 3GS or BB Bold 9700 is better suited.

I bought this phone for my wife on may 2010 and ever since it's been an excellent phone. It has had few issues which I have been able to fix myselft but overall it's a great phone. I myself have a Nokia e71 and like nokia phones and envy this phones. If you're looking for the best touch screen phone and the best browsing experience this phone is not for you but if you're looking for a functional phone which works for everything else than this phone would work gread and don't need to pay the hefty fees for signing a new 2 year contract.Alhtought I don't use it regularly these are the things i like;Voice qualityGreat cameraGood Video QualityInternet RadioWi-Fi (If connects flawlessly on this phone)Free GPS for life of phoneTexting is a breezeMany applications for everything you need, although not as my friends Iphone but who cares..................Things that don't like that much are;Battery life, if you use the internet or have open any applications that always require connection to the internet you have to charge the phone daily otherwise with modest internet usage, calling and playing games every couple of days.Couple of time the phone died---i guess the battery was dead for no reason but you can buy an extra battery just in case.UI- I have been using symbian for many years it's just that this version requires one to many steps to do anything but I'm hoping that the new version will be more easier to use.I can't rate this phone a five but I think for the price you pay it's a very good phone.Hope this helps anyone who still  have doubts on buying this phone.

Just is my upgrade from my n95 which died after 5 years. This is the perfect in between phone for those who like some of the features of a smart phone just without the price tag attached. You don't have to have the smart phone plan that the carriers require and you can also opted out of a data plan and just use free wifi spots for things. The phone has a few little minor problems like trying to use the headset that comes with it works okay for somethings but will only play music after you go back in to the music player, the n95 would play after you hit the button twice. I'm trying to get my wife to get this for her next phone. I myself LOVE Nokia products.The seller was extremely prompt in deliver from CA which really surprised me at just how fast I got the phone(ordered on tue got on thur (48 hours)).

It was by far the worst purchase of my life. The phone was slow, had awful battery life, struggled with simple tasks (making a call, for example), had resistive touch screen that worked like crap. I wouldn't  recommend it to anyone. The only positive thing I think of is that this phone has a very capable camera for taking pictures (low light was just a mess).Just avoid buying any Symbian powered Nokia touch cellphone.

Este celular lo compre hace un par de semanas para mi esposa y es excelente (vivimos en Costa Rica), tiene una tienda virtual llamada OVI donde puede descargar aplicaciones, tonos fondeos de pantalla, etc.Una de las cosas que m&aacute;s llamo mi atenci&oacute;n fue la posibilidad de descargar aplicaciones como Skype que funcionan de maravilla, esto es una gran ventaja con solo una se&ntilde;al Wi-fi puedes comunicarte con cualquier amigo a su computadora o telefono con skype en forma gratuita. El GPS es buenisimo aunque la aplicacion no esta desarrollada al 100% en Costa Rica, funciona bastante bien.El telefono es 100% compatible con el ICE, solo tines que comprarlo desbloqueado, lo mejor es siembre comprar productos que sean vendidos por Amazon LLC.El unico contra es que que la bateria dura poco, pero eso depende de las aplicaciones que mantengas abiertas. La calidad de las fotos es regular, sin duda alguna no son similares a las de una camara fotografica.

This phone very nice, cannot say nothing bad about it. Really unlocked, just switched my US SIM card when was in Russia, put Russian SIM - and here we are!  Build so solid, metal case, color, feels good. Does everything i need (SMS, Internet Radio, e-mails). And cameras - both of them just so nice! I forgot about my regular camera and use only this one. Put 8GB SD card - and no problem. Only one thing - there is no way to install Russian typing language. So, now I got android phone, but dont want to sell this one - i think i will keep it as a spare (what a shame).

When I decided to transition from a regular phone to a smartphone, I thought this was an excellent choice given my previous phone was a Nokia as well.  I used this phone for one week and here are my thoughts:Pros:- Small form factor, which is great even with the slide out keyboard- Solid-feeling physical keyboard- Fast wi-fi connections- Nice picture quality with the rear camera- Front-facing camera, making for easy self-portraits- Free voice turn-by-turn navigation provided by Nokia's OVI MapsCons:- Slow processor by current standards.  This may have contributed to the next item.- OS is slow.  The S60 5th edition OS may be a bit long in the tooth given that it's being used to power a touchscreen device.  Speaking of which, I had to frequently use a bit more force to scroll than I was expecting.- OS is buggy...at least the version that I was using when I had the phone.  Things in general were OK if I used the phone with the pre-loaded apps.  But after downloading a number of apps from the OVI Store, I discovered I ran the risk of causing memory errors, which requires a "hard reset" of the phone to completely get rid of.  The use of certain memory cards could create problems too unless you format them with the phone.  (Note: There was an update to the OS that was being released, but it was unavailable for the US version of the phone when I had it.  This may now be available so the stability issues may have improved.)- OVI Maps does contain voice turn-by-turn navigation, but if your car has a bluetooth phone speaker system, check to see if it accepts streaming audio (A2DP).  If it does, then the voice navigation will work fine.  Otherwise, you will not hear a voice coming from your phone during navigation.  The reason is that upon detection of a bluetooth connection, OVI Maps attempts to stream the sound through that connection regardless of its compatibility - and there is no option to use the internal phone speaker instead.  This not a fault of the phone per se as it is a software issue with OVI Maps, but something to consider if you were looking forward to using this feature.I really wanted to like this phone, but the slowness, bugs, and voice navigation issues were a bit too much for me given the price paid, so I returned it after about a week.

Nokia, at one time, was my favorite phone.  The Nokia N97 has changed that for me.  The on/off switch doesn't work so I need to remove/replace the battery to start up the phone.  The slide is ridiculously hard to open and you can barely read the screen.  I honestly don't know how this model passed the Nokia Quality Control for sale.Don't make the same costly mistake I made and either look for another Nokia model or another brand.At a cost of over $150 I can honestly say I was &#34;robbed&#34;.Shame on Nokia.  Horrible product.

This phone is just too simple for its prise. I really expected more from the nokia company. The Nokia n900 that's a good phone and it does get close to a computer. You'll find that the N97 is slow and its software is way too old and complicated. The messages on this phone cannot be read as a chat room and that is really too bad and it is just backwards to technology.
