
I have had trouble with phone since I owned it and was rather surprise to see a high points on it.1st, tracfone company issues, I am not fond of their cutomer service, but I use a tracfone because of cheepness not services.2nd, this is a very cheeply made phone. My first troubles began with the charging, it often says it is unable to charge, I have found several ways to make it charge, but it isn't a simple plug and play. Today my probles hae begun with the headphone icon comming on and the phone has spent mos of the afternoon beeping on again off again. I belive it is simply time to replace the phone. After one year of service, I am not pleased with this phone and I strongly recomend looking into other options. I was impressed with a review that said it survived 15 minutes underwater. I may throw mine into a lake just to see if it works.

I like this Motorola phone the only complaint is the small screen but i am used to bigger cell phone screens.Very pleased with purchase. Will buy again from seller in the future!

Many things amaze me...one, is this phone over-delivers. Two..that so many folks (apparently) haven't taken the time to get to know the intricacies of this little dandy. For instance..they talk abt the low quality of their pix...Whaaat!!??  I guarantee you, they've not found the way to change the rez on it.  I live in a place that was almost inaccessibl..e to any communication types but CB's and home phones...5 hot spots on a good day in 150 mi span...along the Columbia Gorge...drove a truck.  If not for the commercial satellite system, we'd not have had any form of getting help in emergencies..and I needed a phone for some family events that required timely communications..I was outta luck..family had to call my dispatcher to get me on the truck's system.  In my car, the main "emergency" method, was to wave a white hanky...with mixed results...but people were so attuned to watching out for disabled motorists, several would stop, if you had to pull over to fix your contacts, etc. NTL..I couldn't believe it when I finally found this little gem..I had always relied on Motorola products, in an earlier life..and for the money, I thought it just couldn't be what it seemed to be, in the reviews at Tracfone..I called because of the TV Ads...saying they could pick up any available signal, thru a deal with the major wireless companies..so I figured, what the hey.  And I was and still am...AmAzEd!..Yet.  I had an LG..the batteries got so hot, it would nearly burn my hand, when I did have to use it..and it had started to "swell" up...I kid you not..and I'm pretty sure it was dangerous.  I wrapped it up and put it somewhere "safe"..now I can't find it..to send it in and have it ck'd out. And..it wouldn't pick up a signal and hold it, if I did...so when I saw the ads, I surfed into the Tracfone website and ordered this one.  It's sorta layered..many unwritten little nifty perks are in it.  So, when you have some spare time, start going thru the menu and sub-menu options and see what's actually there...I admit, some of these are well-hidden and even knowing they are there...like deleting too many jpegs for the cache'...I still have to hunt it down, to find it again.  And, I can take the pix and send them to Yahoo and when I get on my computer, I can email them...after cropping the save images with my Corelle editor, I'm picky, and it's not necessary..I just like to show off what I can do with this sweet deal. I've had some expensive (for me) cameras..and this camera puts the others in the shade.  I can literally view snow on the mountains..probably 70 mi in the distant..I know, because that's as close as the ski resorts are to me!  And I have yet to be able to see with my binoculars what I catch in the pix I take with it.  It's got a 4X zoom on it..I forgot to reset it once, after taking "closeups" of my neighbors flowers, w/o leaving my yard...and it startled me, what I picked up the next time! ;)  What I'm doing in here is trying to find something (it does have internet capability..) that I can bring up my Fbk pgs and Yahoo email on a bit faster..it's my fault I can't..my passwords are too complicated for my fingers to work fast enuff to get them in and open the sites, before they shut me off. But, mainly I just like to use the camera and send myself the pix at Yahoo, then I can go and see them before I post them on F'bk..all I have to do is email them & they post right to the pg.  I was ckg out the touch features of the LG(!)800G..as I'm smitten by the ones folks are able to use around here now..mostly droids...but, I was really wanting to make sure I could still replace this phone, if and when it fritzes out...I'm not sure if the batteries can be replaced, but the batteries are Lithium, so, they should last a while, yet.  The ones of you who have this phone...ck into it a bit further and see what all you've been missing! Really. I also want to second the motion, of the poster who verified the claim that Tracfone's service is "there" when nobody else is getting out, using the fanciest and newest "others". And that's really the bottom line, right there, for most of us, isn't it?  Reliable and dependable, at a very reasonable price..and, then some!

This is a great Motorola. My dad has had it for years now and it still is working perfectly. It is high quality and has great features. The best part about it is the fact that it is prepaid. Tracfone is a fabulous service that offers excellent savings and really great coverage. The combination of this phone and service creates the perfect match and the perfect deal :) I definitely reccommend it!

I don't need a phone that cleans my house...just a simple flip phone does it for me! Hoping more will be available.

I like the other one I have. this is just a back up when I need it. so It well be ok for now,.

It's clean, in good condition, and so far it seems to work ! It arrived on time and I just have to add my contacts to the phone book section. Excellent !

I have one of these which I just de-activated and transferred service to a samsung T101g.  Tracfone provides excellent service, and by using Tracfone Wireless support on Facebook, you can take care of almost all of your phone issues.  The transfer of service took about 15 minutes and 3 emails, and it was done.  About the Motorola phone....it just wanted to be hooked to the outlet for recharge far too often.  With only light texting, and hardly any voice use, I could usually go only 2 days without having to recharge it.  I also found it a bit heavy and bulky to carry in my shirt pocket.  The Samsung T101g is just perfect for that.  One other thing.  I found the flip feature a pain in the butt when you're busy and have only one hand available to quickly open your phone.  A candy bar phone is much better for that.  So...in short...good phone, heavy on the re-charge, and a great company.....make sure a new phone you purchase will operate in your zip code....some won't.  Just contact tracfone to make sure.

I have this phone and cannot say enough nice things about its audio and graphics - SHARP!  The wife has another name brand phone which was more expensive - no contest!  I rated this phone 4 stars instead of 5 for one reason only - its keyboard is kinda' funky.  It's one of those one piece plastic deals with the numbers separated by dividers rather than a physical space. For normal everyday phoning you'd have to work to beat this one.  TracPhone is the way to go, folks!  I was with Verizon ($70/mo) and I now spend less than $20/mo and have more features and matching coverage.

I ordered this phone because of the reviews on the signal. I live out in the country and every tracfone I had did not have a signal. Even with this phone NO SIGNAL I have to drive down the road 1 mile to make a call or receive one. My wife has one, she paid 9.95 and it has 5 bars everywhere. I paid 39.995 for this piece of junk a complete waste of money. Go and get a cheap basic tracfone don't waste your hard earned money on this piece of S***!!!

I own this phone and I want everyone reading this that it can be had at any walmart!  When I saw this phone listed for 200 dollars I thought I should take a minute and write this comment.  The phone is horrible and is basically obsolete.

Thank you I love my phone it is just what I wanted. It is kind of like my old one that got all wore out... only a step up! Great Phone

First let me say I went with Tracfone after a few months with Net10 cause you can get 90 days and 60 minutes (doubled with this phone automatically) which is all I need. I've had it for a month now and couldn't be happier. If you want a basic phone without all the bells and whistles (little keyboard and a ton of apps, etc.) then this is the one. Doubles your minutes with every purchase - so for $19.95 you get 90 days service and 120 minutes -- more than enough for me and many of you too. And it still comes with lots of features, good sound quality, camera, etc. The phone itself is sturdy with a nice screen and easy to read numbers. As easy as pie to set up and run.If you are one of the young folks (or even older ones) who texts all day and loves to download music and videos and all the stuff some people like to do, this is probably not the phone for you. But for the rest of us it is just perfect. And no monthly bill with all kinds of taxes and fees too. Love it, love it, love it.

I purchased my first refurbished W376g Via Amazon a few weeks ago and the unit looked and worked like new. It even had the peel-off protective film for the LCD.This is a refurbished Trackfone and I had no problems getting it activated via the Trackfone website and later adding a second W376g (just pick a name for each to keep them separated). Many have commented how the USB port is for charging only and does not have (or allow) data transfer so if you take a picture you have to mail it to your computer or someone else.  Trackfone website has a PDF operating manual for this device (so does Motorola) but the Trackfone PDF TELLS YOU about the USB port.I recommend downloading the PDF manual from the Trackfone website (assuming that's what your using).  I was concerned about battery charging because you can NOT directly connect your phone to your laptop USB for recharging. However if you get the little Motorola SPN5394 ($5-7Motorola SPN5394A Mini USB External Battery Only Charger) charging adapter that plugs into your Motorola 'wall wort' AC charger and use a USB cable with the appropriate plugs you CAN charge a battery (externally) from your PC or even your car ciggy lighter with the correct plug also here on Amazon. You just can't charge a battery in the phone with anything other the the supplied 'wall wort' ac charger (as far as I know).The SPN5395 holder has a led that flashes while charging and is steady when the battery is chargedExtra batteries are cheap and the Motorola website actually has a link Motorola Bq50 Battery Snn5804b for W175 W230 W376 W377to Amazon as a source of batteries.

I was looking for a phone to replace my one that stopedworking. This phone meets all and even more of my needs.Thank you Motorola for a Great Phone !

For basic cell phone use this is a great value. I cannot stand having to be in a contract and getting ripped off moneywise when I only use the thing on occasion.The double minutes for life is great.The best thing about this phone is that Tracfone doesn't steal minutes from you like some other companies do.. Any unused minutes are rolled over when you renew your service - The best deal is probably the 1 year dealYou can also send text messages ( admittedly somewhat awkwardly ) but I am not a texter so it's ok. Buying time is a breeze - I usually do it through their website and the time is added almost immediately - no problems

I ordered two of these phones.Phone 1: After spending several hours on the phone with Tracfone technicians, they decided that the phone had a bad SIM card.  I received the replacement SIM card three days later. After another half hour on the phone with tech support and waiting until the next morning for the changes to wend their way through the Tracfone system, I finally had a working phone. The phone works well and the service area is good.Phone 2: After working with three different technicians over a period of three days, it was decided that the phone was bad and they would ship a replacement phone to me. I received the replacement phone six days later. After working with two technicians (one last evening, and one for two hours this morning), it was determined that the replacement phone needed a new SIM card [are you starting to see a pattern here?].  They will send another SIM card to me.Observations:1. Tracfone tech support is provided by very polite people whose native language is not English. If you have difficulty understanding heavily accented English, you may want to take your business elsewhere. The volume of tech support's music-while-on-hold is MUCH louder than the "voice" volume.  This is extremely annoying.2. Tracfone delivery service of choice is FedEx. Phones are sent via signature service and FedEx has an annoying habit of attempting residential delivery while you are at work. When you come home from the office after a long day to find the "attempted delivery" notice on your front door, you'll be thrilled to know that after 6:00PM you can drive across town to the FedEx office to pick up your phone.

I have had the same model for 4 years and I have worn it out.  It has worked great for me.  This new one was more plastic than metal and the back wouldn't stay on.

You must be off your rocker to be charging $109 to over $200 for this item!This phone is less than $30.00 at Walmart and includes the whole kit PLUS double minutes for life.Anyone who bought this item at these insane prices was RIPPED OFF!

I have used this phone since 2009, and it has never failed me. I have no house phone, so this is my only means of telecommunication. And because of my job, it now rarely gets turned off (24 hours a day). Each morning for work, I use it as my sole alarm clock to get up. I have dropped it countless times, exposed it to water, multiple times have left it on top my truck and drove off without realizing it (I remembered later and came back to where I figured it had fallen off and retrieved it). It has even been shot multiple times with a bb gun. Despite all of this,It still works. Also consider that I am still using the original battery (although it doesn't hold quite as long of a charge as it used to, understandably) and that I have never had a case for it. I have only once had a couple of minor problems with it but they were not the fault of the phone's design, and were fairly easily solved by doing an internet search. As a side note, don't get this phone if you plan on using the internet much. It doesn't have wifi, which means you'll blow through minutes, plus the functionality on this old school phone would be very limited. I personally have never actually used the internet function. That's what my laptop is for. The only other con is that this phone is double minute for life, not triple minute for life, which is a major drag (many of the newer tracfones are now triple minute for life). Unfortunately however, none of the triple minute for life tracfones are flip phones, and look much easier to break, which would obviously be a big problem for me.Overall, this phone is perfect for the person that wants a basic, reliable phone to make calls with. Because it is a flip phone, you won't have to worry about pocket dialing, nor will you have to worry about fussing with a touchscreen. And because of Tracfone's numerous contracts with carriers all throughout the US, you will find you can get service in a ton of places; a lot more than if you were confined to the network of a single carrier, like Verizon or AT&T.;A couple more side-notes: This phone is like 20 dollars at Wal-mart or similar stores. It can also be bought directly from tracfone's website for a very cheap price. This phone also has a good battery life- at least a week or more in standby mode if I remember correctly.AND BEFORE YOU ADD MINUTES:1. Make sure you do it by the year, not 3 month increments, as it will save you a lot of money.2. Make sure you do it online, and then add a promo code to get free minutes when checking out(tracfone free minute promo codes can be found by doing a quick internet search. You can get a LOT of free minutes this way).

A rating of 1 is over rating it.  The phone was made in 2001.  The battery was shot and would not take a charge.  The coupon book expired 3 years ago.  This phone should not have been shipped.

This phone has always been the best cell phone, Always 3 to 4 bars!!! Very good service! I would give this phone thumbs up.

This isn't my permanent phone, I was staying in the US for an entire year and needed a phone that I could use both locally and internationally. My target was to purchase a phone that could help me send and receive text messages, make calls locally and internationally and have a good signal. The Phone I bought previous to this one was from the Virgin company and it worked fine when I was in the city but when I took it with me to the farm where I was staying the signal just got disconnected. This phone however had a good signal it made calls, received them and it worked fine for me as a temporary cell phone that I could use for a year.I wouldn't have wanted this phone as my permanent one though with BBs and Iphones sweeping the market I could see why this kind of phone have some low reviews on Amazon. The style of this phone is very outdated for the young generations. The menu is very small and it doesn't possess all the features that you can find in a Android or a BB or an Iphone or even a More advanced version of A Motorola Phone for that matter. For instance, its a tracfone which means it can only work by pre paid cards and by minutes so once your minutes are over you'll have to take another trip to the gas station and re enter them as in every other pre paid phone only this time your under the constant threat of losing your minutes whenever you recieve/send a text message or whether you make a phone call or got a phone call. Also you can receive international phone calls but you can't make them. You can send text messages internationally though. This phone has a camera but the camera is well outdated and it takes poor quality pictures which taken the price wouldn't be a surprise. There is no video camera though only pictures. You can't receive anything via Bluetooth example no ring tones, pictures etc.. it must be sent to you by a text message or something so your pretty much stuck with the boring old ringtones you got on your phone unless someone sends it to you.On the brighter side, this phone is light and the price is reasonable. It also has a long lasting battery life which is a plus because I hate to recharge my battery every time. It has a good connection and a high signal. It did just what I wanted it to do and it didn't break, freeze on me.If you purchase this phone for the purpose of surfing the net, taking pictures or videos or using it as an mp3 player forget it ! Find another phone because this phone won't surf your purpose. If you are buying it for the sake of calling and texting only not for any other purpose and wouldn't mind the trips to the gas station I would recommend it for you ;)

I've had this Motorola Trac Fone for about 6 months and have been very pleased. It has excellent reception and sound quality.  The built in speaker phone is also very good. The camera is just so-so, but that's not why I bought the phone.I like buying my minutes only as I need them and you just have to purchase more within 90 days.  When you purchase more, it just adds them to your current balance. If you don't purchase within the 90 day limit (a countdown is always visible on the screen) the phone shuts off and you lose whatever minutes you had.  You can reactivate just by purchasing more minutes but you don't regain any you lost by not purchasing within the 90 day limit. You can purchase minutes on line at Tracfone or set up your phone to purchase.  Your minute balance is also always on the screen. Mine came with 15 minutes to get me started. You can activate at the Tracfone web site and set up an account to buy more minutes. You can also call from the phone to activate and set up an account to purchase minutes that way.Good things:-Inexpensive to purchase (less than $30)-Reasonable rates. I'm paying about 10 cents per minute-Automatically doubles minutes for life of phone (buy 60 get 120)-If you lose it, buy another, call Tracfone operator to transfer your number and minutes-Bright clear screen-Good sound quality-Good reception-Good number of ring tones and images to select from-AC Charger is included-FM radio included (earphone not included and it takes a micro plug, not a mini)-Basic games included-Internet access (but slow)-Periodic email offers from Tracfone for discounted minutes (which double)-Monthly plans if you want them-Good battery life (I do not use the phone often so 1 charge will last several days)-Minutes never expire as long as you renew within 90 days-No contracts or agreements. Tired of it?  Toss it.-Sim chip, you can move to another phone and keep your address book-Settings for indoor/outdoor ringBad things:-No holster/case (buy one at Target)-Somewhat larger in size and a little heavier than most cells-Ring tones downloaded only from Tracfone site-Cannot connect to PC/laptop (port is only for charging)-Buttons take some getting used to, like the menus-You pay for everything, no free or unlimited (3 text messages = 1 minute)-You will receive free advertising from Tracfone but occasional advertising from others, if you accept the message, you get charged for it. (charge is about 1 text message)-Charging port and earphone port (opposite sides of the phone) are difficult to open. I can't quite get my fingernail under it so I have to use a small pen knifeI'm very pleased with the phone and service.  I dropped my other service and have been happy not to be billed every month for minutes I didn't use.  I'm not a strong user of cell phones so it fits my life style. I have service wherever I travel, including remote areas. Your carrier will depend on your part of the country.  We have AT&T; here.I may buy another for my wife who doesn't like cell phones but I'll feel better knowing she can call if she needs to. I can buy 60 minutes (120) for $20 and she's good for 90 days. When it gets close I'll just order the minimum again.

I've had this phone for quite a few years, and it has never failed me even though I've dropped it many times.  The audio quality is impressive, and the camera function has a surprising number of options that can be accessed by pressing the menu button while in camera mode.The quick-start guide Tracfone provides is lame, but one can find additional operating instructions on the Net, including a compete user's guide.  A few of its many features include double minutes for life, games, and the FM radio (which doesn't use up air time).Cell phones have advanced rapidly since this phone first became available and while it can't compare to a smart phone, it meets all my needs and cost me a lot less to buy ($20 new) and to maintain.  It's a solidly built and good performing phone with some extra features that I think put it in a class other than a "basic" phone.

I have had this phone for 3-4 years now and it serves my needs very well.  I tried a Smart phone for about 6 months, but was not satisfied at all with it and went back to my Motorola flip phone. But, I am having a situation that I cannot seem to correct, so if anyone out there can help me I would appreciate it.  A couple of days ago for some unknown reason all of my incoming calls and messages, past and present, are coming in showing the phone number of the caller rather than their name. Ninety-nine percent of the calls I receive are from people listed in my Phonebook and up until a few days ago their names popped up when they called or texted.  I have tried everything I can think of to correct this, even went online and looked at the owner's manual, but I cannot fix this problem.  Can anyone help???  Thanking you in advance

I have had this phone more than 10 years...never had a problem...another person in this house uses his to call Costa Rica w/absoloutely no issues...we love this phone...now granted we are older folks who don't have the need for bells and whistles however this phone has many features....holds a charge for several days if we don't turn it off.I just bought one here for my neighbor who liked mine....would certainly recommend to anyone who needs a good basic phone.

This is a decent phone, except for the manufacturer's deliberate crippling of any ability to download pictures to a computer except by email.  I've had one for a year, but I paid only $29 or $39 for it.  As Barnum said, there's one born every minute.

I am not a phone person and bought it mostly for emergency use. My minutes build up (you have to add minutes and time every 3 months) so I use this phone for long distance calls and was able to remove my long distance service from my phone company.  Having done that, it actually costs me only $3 a month for the convenience of a cell phone.  Something you might want to consider if you are broke.  Works well, too.  When I had an accident on extremely icy roads last year, several people who were also off the road asked to use mine; said they couldn't get any bars with their expensive blackberries, etc.  But the main reason I am writing this review, I PAID ONLY $20 FOR THIS PHONE. I don't know if the price on this is a misprint or what.  But check Wal-Mart or Target.  Even if you can't find this same exact tracfone, I know they still have something similiar.  Lg220c is about the same.

I have had my phone Motorola W376g for almost a year.  This phone is a good basic cell phone with good reception.  My husband had a Samsung T301G Slide Phone for a while.  The reception is next to none compared to the Motorola W376g.  My husband had dropped calls with the Samsung phone.  I have not had any problem with my phone.My husband decided to get the same phone as I have.  We looked all over at every possible retail store that should have had them, but we had found out that they discontined this all Motorola phones including this one.  So we looked online and luckly for us ordered it through Amazon.  That is why this phone cost higher than what I had paid for mine.  It arrived sooner than they said, in 4 days.  We called Tracfone to set everything up with the cell phone, with no problems.  It's a good basic cell phone to have.

Reception, internal sound quality easily equal my ATT and Verizon business mobiles. A personal favorite because it is well enough constructed, small and light enough to carry safely and unnoticed in shirt or pants pocket.Original battery going strong five years on. Battery life is better for this particular unit than generally reported here, but that could be due to using it exclusively as a telephone.Four stars only because the speakerphone sucks. Bluetooth takes care of that on the one hand, but my preference is a decent speakerphone. Among my most efficient electronic purchases.

This phone is ideal for my use. I'm a very light voice user, and I never text. I bought a cheap case with a magnetic flap, and it works great. The only improvements would be to place the date and time display on the front display so it could be seen with the clamshell closed and to use a longer lasting battery. Otherwise, the phone performs very well and is great for us cheapskate occasional users.

Good reception and voice clarity. I like the big numbers on the buttons, makes it easy to use. The only negative is, even in standby mode [without incoming or outgoing calls] the battery is all but dead after only 8 hours.

If you're looking for a good semi expensive smart phone, then $300 is not a bad price. If a phone has a VGA camera and plays tetris, maybe three hundred dollars is steep. For a twenty dollar phone, you can do worse but for three hundred dollars you can only do better.

I like it but the battery dies on it really quick,i bought a lithium battery only to learn it already had one.The phone is great,I just wish i didn't have to charge it so often.

When I went shopping for my first cell phone, I wasn't looking for one with fancy gadgets and games and gizmos.  I was just looking for a decent phone that I could call people with and get a clear reception.  I didn't want some expensive minutes plan, I wanted to just get minutes whenever I needed to add more.  This phone was the perfect option.This phone of course comes with a couple games, a calculator, calender, your basic gadgets but nothing exquisite.  I don't use my phone very often at all, so I don't buy a whole lot of minutes.  The only thing with the minutes is you're required to add minutes to your phone every ninety days or else you lose all your minutes and they cannot be recovered.  The minimum amount of minutes is 60 for $19.99.  My phone came with a special code that doubles these for free, so I get 120 minutes every month for $19.99.  I've had my phone for 2 1/2 years so I'm not sure now whether they're still giving out these codes or not.  The minutes stack up infinetly.  I have only bought the minimum every three months, and I currently have over 800 minutes.I have had my phone for 2 1/2 years and I have never had a dropped call.  My phone is still in as good condition as the day I took it out of the package.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who's just looking for a simple phone they can make their calls on.

I have had this cell phone for over one year, still works good, has had some rough usage, dropped many times, on ice and snow. I just needed a small basic cell phone, like having no contract, just buy minutes when I got low, paid less than $10.00 bucks for phone and small charger, can't beat it, if you can find one cheap. I did buy an extra battery to keep in glove box of 4x4 jeep re charge it every month, just in case because I don't have car charger. I'm on back dirt roads alot.

I have had a lot of problems with this phone. tired of calling tracfone and getting nowhere.I had this phone before and had no problems.

I prurchased a LG420g Tracfone from the Tracfone web site after evaluating the phones they were willing to sell in my zipcode. Good price, nice features, nice key pad. I made the mistake of calling to activate it instead of doing the activation online. They gave me a number that every tele-marketer on the planet must have. Three numbers, two simm cards, and 8+ hours of tracfone tech support later, they finally took the phone back. What a hassle. The Motorola c261 Tracfone that I've been carrying the last tree years has been flawless. My biggest complaint with the LG420G is the reception reception reception. No service in my house located in southeastern PA where coverage is great with any provider. After doing a lot of research I learned that LG and Samsung have the worst reception of any cell phone. Motorola and Nokia are the best. So, I purchased this Motorola W376g elsewhere which is one that Tracfone would not sell me in my zip code, received it, activated it online in only a few minutes, DONE, 5 bars where ever I go. LG should stick to major appliances since they know what the are doing there. Cell phones, HELL NO! GO MOTOROLA!

This is my second Motorola W376g cell phone. I purchased this as a backup to the other one I have which has served  me many, many years and although it hasn't broken down yet I thought it would be a good time to have another on hand should it just "GO OUT" without warning.  For a $40.00 product selling for $15.00 was a selling point in my decision for the purchase. Although it isn't anywhere's near to being a "Smart Phone" with all the "Bells & Whistles" it serves my needs. Not to forget, the costs are sooooooooo much less than spending at least $200 for the present smart phones available on the market nowadays and that's not including the service fees too.

when dealing with voice mail and it tells you to hit a prompt number the receiving system doesn't hear the tone even though you hear it.  Other than that works fine

Phone was what I was looking for, this model is becoming obsolete and it's the only one my husband knows how to use, fast shipping  however, wished I could of gotten it cheaper.  original price was $19.99.

I bought this for my wife as a replacement for a cell phone that could not get a connection from our home. The W376G works from our home and my wife is happy. Good enough!I have had this same phone for several years and it works well enough from home and while we are traveling.

I had this phone in my swimming suit pocket and jumped into a pool, swam rigorously for several minutes before I realized what a bonehead I was. Getting dunked is one thing, but subjecting it to this kind of treatment, I thought for sure it was a goner. I let it dry for several days, but then it wouldn't turn on. I plugged it in to charge it, and it still didn't work. However, when I swapped the battery out with my wife's (who has same phone), it worked perfectly. It was the battery that got fried, not the phone. I just ordered a new BQ50 battery for $10, and I will be back in business. BTW - tracfone is great. My family of 4 saves over $100 per month from what we had with verizon.

I've had this phone for 4years and its still working good except for one minor hiccup where i had forgootten it was sitting in my lap and i accidently spillt my drink on it, and to get it working again you remove the battery and wipe it off and let the inside of it dry off for several hours and put the battery back in and turn it back on and it will be working again. :-D

All cell phones are NOT created equally.  I live in a rural state and in a rural area... Do you want coverage then this is the phone for you...  I have even travelled to remote ski areas where many of my friends "Main Line" phones had poor or no reception and I have four full bars.  It became a game, we would travel from area to area and everyone would ask, "You Got Connectivity, Yet?"...  I always did.  It's not fancy, no slider key board, no touch screen but if you want connectivity then this is the phone for you, period. I have owned for several years now... no problems.

The TracFone is easy to use and is just what I needed for emergency use.  It works very well at all times.

For the most part, this is a nice basic cell phone, and reasonably priced THROUGH TRACFONE!!! It also has excellent audio quality and an easy to use interface.One minor gripe I have is that the pictures it takes are extremely grainy, tend to change order at random, and cannot be uploaded to a computer or the internet.However, i am about to replace this phone for two bigger reasons:1. It can't hold a charge for very long2. IT DROPS TEXTS ALL THE TIME! I didn't realize this until I started texting with it regularly, but this phone often either doesn't send texts (even if it says it did), doesn't receive texts until half an hour late or so, or doesn't receive texts at all occasionally.Therefore, I recommend this phone for people who don't text often, or who don't mind the risk, unless a good camera is a must for you.

I have had my MOTOROLA W376G phone for about four years now and it is still going strong (original battery and everything).  Bought it at Walmart for $19.98 with the free double minutes and all the accessories like wall charger, case, car charger and earphones.  It has served me well over the past four years.  If you're looking for a simple phone to text and talk then this is a perfect choice.  I love mine!!

I've had this Tracfone for so many years I can't remember. I like Tracfone (and their sibling services) policies of basic no-nonsense service pricing and universal access (no roaming). Ya pay fer whats ya get -- no more, no less.  Some months I make lots of calls, some months none. I always buy the max 450-minutes (*2= 900-minutes, sometimes with a bonus) getting about 10-cents/minute. I've got months, for years ahead -- that's never been an issue. With Tracfone ALWAYS get DMFL = Double-Minutes-For-Life !!!)But the Motorola W376G phone: I still like the shape (large flip phone) reaching from mouth to ear. The case is attractive, and the camera works. NO the USB port is ONLY for charging (like many other devices today). I've never had any serious issues with it not working -- (buy several batteries at a time from Amazon -saves shipping). The &#34;G&#34; in the model apparently is GSM (AT&T; and T-Mobil networks?) -- so I've found cellular dead-zone locations -- but that's a cell-tower issue, not the phone.Worst &#34;CON&#34;: The menu organization and online User Manual are abominable. There's basic auxiliary stuff that works (Phonebook, Alarm, Calculator, Camera, Radio, etc). However, some of the most basic Phone tasks (managing messages?) are utterly disorganized and incomprehensible.So mine has been an excellent basic phone -- (reliable, and cheap) for receiving & making calls -- all what I wanted, for many years. It has serious flaws in it's user-menu/ utilities/ organization -- flaws that I've avoided and have managed to ignore by limiting it's use to basic voice-calls and a few office-tools that work.I can't imagine $200 (THAT MAKES NO SENSE) -- it's a first generation phone, almost free from TracFone.

That's nice of Tracfone.  They want you to use up minutes by whatever means necessary, including emailing pictures to yourself.  You can't even use bluetooth for that purpose.

Have had this phone for about 16 months. The first 9 month it worked alright, then I had a very difficult time adding minutes. Whenever I tried to add time, the minutes would not be added, and when I went to the tracfone web page, it said there was some sort of communication problem with my phone. I was once on the phone with an attendant for 45 minutes, did everything she said, and it still did not work. Every time I try to add minutes I have to jump through all these hoops, and go to the webpage and work out the problem, and punch in long number codes into the phone so that the transaction will actually take place. It's a real hassle. This is no good if you are traveling and need to add minutes, as happened to me three weeks ago. I was stuck. The last straw was when I just tried to add minutes and nothing happened! Nothing! Now I have to make sure my credit card was not charged -- which it probably was -- for minutes I never received. More headaches. I'm canceling this phone because it is too much of a run around simply trying to add minutes. I'm going with another brand completely. This is my first and last tracfone!

Prime gave this to us the next day my husband's needed replaced he still had a lot of minutes on his old phone Trac fone  transferred these to his new one when I activated it I was really pleased I was very worried about TRANSFERRING the minutes  but even I could do this for him he was able to take pictures like a pro. this is every thing we needed this for also love being a prime customer!!!!!!!!!!

Excellent sound qualityGreat receptionNever drops callsCamera is average but very usable and clearVery well made, built to lastStill using the one I bought 6 years agoUsed a smart phone for a while but went back to my W376G for much better sound and call quality

About two years ago, two members of the family upgraded to the Motorola W376G. This was one of the first new models of Tracfones that began feeling more like a  real cell phone instead of the little rinky dinky throwaway toy-like models made entirely of plastic. It's a little outdated now (Tracfone is now rolling out fancy models with touchscreens, better menu screens, and the like). However, if you happen to stumble across one of these on sale and don't care about getting a phone with all the latest in cell phone technology, I highly recommend this model. Not only does it come fully featured with things like a radio tuner, speaker, texting, and internet browsing, it sports a stylish clamshell design and is also incredible sturdy. (I've dropped this model several times while riding my bike and it's come out with barely any scratches and still works perfectly.)Of course, the most important thing to worry about when it comes to any cell phone is the reception and battery life, and after two years I can safely say that the W376g Motorola performs quite well in both regard.Just one thing before you get this model, though-- I noticed that here at Amazon, it's being sold for $200. This is bogus, because the phone at the most went for $35 on Tracfone's actual site, with refurbished models being sold for $20. So don't be a victim of price gouging. At the most a brand new W376g should cost $30. If it's getting sold for more than that, you're being ripped off.
