
It`s a good phone, but if you need to write in a differente language from English, I would look for some phone else. It is impossible to write message or e-mail with especial caracther like  ,  , &eacute; , etc.

I was eager to try a QWERTY keyboard mobile and I had had some experience with a borrowed e71. I didn't want to spend that much though so I gave this one a try. Very good decision. The keyboard did take a little getting used to but once that was done, this is an excellent texting phone. Call quality is also good. My only gripe is that the menu navigation is a bit weird. If you use the menu key to go into some other app, the next time you use the menu key it takes you back to where you were the last time, not to the main set of icons. You have to manually exit-exit-exit until you get back to the main menu. But overall, a quality product.

My name is Manuel Monge, I'm from Costa Rica, I ordered this cell phone for a costarican use, it works great in Costa Rica, besides the internet use is very efficient, also the music that's played, either on the headphones, or "out loud", the way the "keyboard" it's done is very ingenious, there are like small "humps" on each letter that lets you write anything you need, allowing you to reach a much faster writing speed. Also the fact that the cell phone is really thin makes it really comfortable to have in your pocket. And that it has a micro sd entry, makes it great to synchronize anything.For all of you that need a buttons and don't like any flexible things or lids, because, let's face it, lids and flexibles suck, this is the phone for you, besides, it's cheap

really just a great phone...does it all!  Quality is great, easy to use, BEYOND amazing battery life even when your on wifi  great sound quality for video and music. I have opera mini as my browser which is lightning fast and also skyfire for flash!!.... and the price cannot be beat!!! I really can not think of a single negative  Nokia really does make the best phones!

I purchased the E63-2 unlocked phone for my daughter going off to college for semester abroad in United Kingdom this fall. In the past she's never been able to keep a phone functioning using the verizon service in Palo Alto CA. The E63 is built very well and the wi-fi will come in handy at college.The phone arrived very fast, in fact we cancelled an order through Dell after placing the order, since they were unable to deliver the item. We are very pleased with the Phone, and we also installed a 8GB micro SD card.

enjoyed the phone very much, love the full keyboard, the WIFI function kicks butt.  But it was not as user friendly as I had thought, since I considered myself a fairly tech-savvy guy, it took me quite some time to try to figure out how to set up the proxy server for the router at work.  then, the Google Sync worked ONCE. It took me so many tries to set it up, then, out of the hundreds of times I tried to sync, it worked once.  I am still trying to figure out google sync on it. It would have earned a 5 star if it did.

I read a lot about this phone before I bought it and was a little hesitant. I purchased it just because of reviews on Amazon. I read on other sites that it was hard to figure out and that the wifi couldn't be turned off. Neither is true you just click on on the big square button and scroll down to turn on or off wlan scan. And if you just read the start up you can figure it out no problem. If you use the phone without data plan you just always sign onto wifi (wlan). I check facebook and email all the time. There is always internet connection somewhere and when you are driving you don't need (that's dangerous). So if you are cheap like me this is the phone for you. You can stay in touch at hotels, airports, work the mall anywhere with wifi. I found a connection at the rest area on I95. All the other apps I just hid them so they don't show on my phone menu so I don't use them by accident. You don't need to set up a connection for email. Just google your personal one and go there. Texting is easy with a keypad never had that before. Sound is very good, I was always yelling in my motorola razer now I don't have to yell. Great phone if you are just starting to text and use web for mail. I'm old and can see who I am calling now.. :)

Very poor coverage with At&t and dropped calls, connection errors, and powers off randomly.  Obviously this phone is no good. Got it to replace my stolen iPhone, worst mistake ever.  Hiddeous email and internet screens. Slow everything.

Incredible price for such a versatile device. Highly recommended for those looking for a nice phone that can make your business life easier.

It is a decent phone. Could have a better spell check feature, email connection is a little slow and large text are divided into multiple text.

Let me start by saying this is one of the best phones I've ever owned.. It has the features I need, the performance is decent and it's not a bad device, overall..This is why it's not getting 5 stars:Lack of dedicated volume buttons.. This doesn't matter, except when using the FM radio and the Internet Radio app.. Then it becomes annoying.Lack of a dedicated Facebook app.. Though there is one for the E71, which is nearly identical with regards to hardware, Nokia refuses to allow the E71 app to be loaded on the E63.Sluggish performance, when device encryption is enabled.Other than those three minor issues, the phone has been great so far, I'm going 3-5 days between charges and so far, it's been good. We'll see how it holds up over the long haul, though.

All I can say is if you buy it, you are going to love it. Compatible with T-mobile, the wi-fi internet connectivity is fast, you will be playing with this phone for days.  Whether it is for business or personal, it will definitely suite either need. Not cheap in construction. Has internet radio. My friend saw mine, and purchased one as well. I was looking for a cover for it in the mall,the had never seen it, only the e71. Don't be surprised if alot of people haven't heard of it.  It mimics a blackberry but at half the price.

Es un celular muy bueno en cuanto a costo-beneficio. Excelente potencia de recepcion comparado con mi antiguo SonyEricsson P990.

I'll keep it short. Nokia is a great mobile phone brand. This particular phone is a great balance between business and personal. It's sleek and thin, but not to the point of feeling cheap and flimsy. It has wifi, which for me, was reason enough to snatch it up at $199. You can create and edit Microsoft Word docs, pdf's, powerpoint's, etc. The camera is decent, it has a standard headphone jack, flash player. Call quality is good, no dropped calls. Easy to use interface and menus. Great keyboard layout. I'd definitely recommend this phone for the price.

This replaced my old Palm Treo 650, and at half the weight and nearly half the thickness, it's a welcome relief for my pocket.  I use it with T-mobile's prepaid plan, which is perfect for someone who doesn't need data service and only calls occasionally.  Although I only have 80 minutes a month, I'm also paying only $8 a month.  And I can always buy more minutes, and I'm nowhere near using the phone enough to justify the $40+/month that a contract would cost.One downside is that I can't use all the data features of this phone.  So no push e-mail, no browsing the web from anywhere, no maps (though I think there's a way to use them offline - haven't figured that out yet).  Wifi takes care of some of this, however, and when I'm home or at work, I can always use the gmail app to get to my e-mail.  The apps are reasonable, though there are many game demos and not a huge number of really useful apps.  For example, my Palm Treo had a great shopping list app that made it easy to keep a list of items for the grocery store, and whenever I purchased something, the item would drop to the bottom of the list.  The only shopping list app I've found at the Nokia store leaves everything on the list where it is, so I'm constantly scrolling to figure out what items I have left to buy.  Annoying, and it seems as if someone could have at least replicated 8 year old software that worked better.The phone itself is easy to use, though there's quite a bit of button-pushing to get to certain things.  The home screen is pretty clear, but the text is small, and there are items there that I will never use, and I haven't figured out yet whether I can customize it.  Voicemail was easy to set up, and I like that the screen always shows the time, screen lock status, and message status.  It make sense to lock the keyboard, since it is very easy to pocket dial (actually it's more like pocket-to-do lists).  For some reason there are two ways to make to-do lists - one in the calendar, and the other from the home screen.  When I mark a to-do item as done, it goes to the bottom of the list, and it never seems to leave.  I haven't figured out how to automatically get rid of old to-do items, other than manually deleting each one.The calendar is well-organized and easy to use.  You can put meetings, memos, to do items and anniversaries on the calendar.  Again, there's a lot of button-pushing.  For example, if you don't want an alarm 15 minutes before a meeting, you have to scroll down and select "off" under the alarm category.  Perhaps there's a way to make alarm off the default setting.The OS seems as if it's near the end of its lifecycle - I imagine it will seem quite outdated in a year or two, but that's fine with me.  It does what it's supposed to do, and I don't miss having a touchscreen.  The web browser is adequate for a phone, and I understand there are third-party browsers like Opera available for it.  The media player is also acceptable.  On a recent trip I forgot my Zune at home, and thanks to the phone's memory card, I still had plenty of music for the car.  There's no shuffle function that I could find, which is a bit of a letdown, and as someone said, there's a great deal of static in between songs.In all, this is a great unlocked phone that fits really well with a prepaid SIM card plan.  It's not perfect, but it has plenty of features, and it works well as a calendar/organizer as well, much better than standard cell phones.

I love love love this phone. It is compact, the keys are convenient. The audio and video quality are great and it comes with loads of software and applications I did not know about when I initially placed my order.  The screen resolution is awesome, works great! Great accessory for work or play.

I bought this phone for my wife as an anniversary present, she absolutely loves it. First the phone qualified for free shipping but I selected the standard shipping, it arrived sooner than expected. This phone has good screen resolution, a great keyboard for smaller fingers, excellent WI-FI, it even has a good signal in most places on the ATT network, the symbian operating system is fast, but navigation menus can be tricky at first it takes some getting use to its better to use the folder option than the list. The 2 mp camera is mediocre but does have a flash. The biggest drawback is the lack of a volume control button you have to go to the menu to silence, increase, or decrease the ringing volume. Overall this is a great smartphone at a great price I plan on getting one when mine plays out.

I bought this phone on Amazon for $140 and after using it for 2 days I am disappointed. No matter how low its price is, I just don't think it is a good smartphone.Good stuff:1. Price2. Has 3G modem (that's what I bought it for)3. It does not drop calls, no matter how I hold it.4. Keyboard is OK.Bad stuff:1. Camera does not have autofocus. All photos are a bit blurry.2. Symbian UX is not very intuitive, navigation is hard. I could not find maps application, friend somehow found it in "Tools".3. Heard about free Nokia vector maps that do not require constant Internet connection? For the life of me I could not figure out how to make preinstalled Maps 2.0 to do it, and Maps 3.0 (Ovi Maps) is not supported on this phone. Just the fact that I had to figure it all out drives me nuts.4. It is Symbian and the number of applications is extremely limited (for example, there is no Kindle app for it).Haven't had a chance to test 3G modem yet.

If you're looking for a simple smartphone with a qwerty board but has great coverage & maps, this is your phone

i loved this phone. this phone was like my mini-computer. it can do every single thing.the feature i had loved the most was the wifi compatabilty that allows you to surf the web once you are near a wireless router. so sad that it was destroyed.... by my hands though so do feel free to purchase. you will not be disapppointed

This is just a great phone, still works after 3 years of heavy use, the only thing I found not great is the keyboard, but the rest is nice.

This phone was a replacement phone for a very old Motorola V. The Motorola has served its purpose very well. I got this Nokia due to these reasons:1) Wi-Fi2) Price (Amazon - $150)3) Good review from Amazon customers4) Unlocked quad band5) Qwerty keyboard6) phone colorI was slightly disappointed about the Wi-Fi though. I initially plan to use this phone so that i can be connected to Yahoo and MSN messenger via the phone that will be always on. I do not subscribe to the provider internet but i am always in wi-fi coverage. Anyway, it seems that Wi-Fi coverage will only work if you access it to use and once you go to another app the wi-fi connection will be cut off. I understand that Nokia wants to conserve the battery but they should have an option for people that does not mind having internet connection via Wi-Fi always on even when the phone is on standby. I for one do not mind charging my phone everyday if my messenger status is always available and my friends can reach me at any time. That to me will be true mobility and saving money on not subscribing for the provider internet too.The Qwerty keyboard also has a different feel to it as compared to a blackberry. IMHO i think the blackberry has a better build keyboard. The phone phone overall has a good and solid feel to it. The Micro SD slot is a good addition since more memory can be added. Music playback on the phone is also not too bad via speaker.Overall the phone is acceptable but the problem with the Wi-Fi kinda spoilt it for me, or maybe i have not figure out how to set up always on wifi yet. I will update this review if i figure a way to have wifi always on. So far after playing around with it, no luck.

Is Great and NICE PHONE! lots of COOL features.. Is 3G and Internet is Fast... WIFI is Great. LOVE IT. COol Color too.  I got another for my DAD..

This is a good phone..... however I did not received the battery and usb cable, when i send Amazon the compliant i received new phone the next day. I was really impress with the service.

I have owned Nokia phones ever since I have owned phones and this is the worst I have seen. I think Nokia is loosing it. It reminds me of companies that become complacent and think they are top of market now and are in vincible - in my opinion this company is going down the tubes (the one behind the comod). Think about it when Apple was coming out with the iPhone (my wife owns it so I know how good it really is) Nokia's CEO (I thought he would know everything - he is the highest paid employee of the company) said apple has no clue what they are getting into. Oh guess what its been 2 years and nokia has no clue how to create a competitive product that can be a iphone clone - forget about surpassing it.This phone cannot play any games and it cannot play any music. I downloaded 4x4 monster tuck game from nokia web site and it would not even install. I sent an email to tech support and then the mess begins. It seems Nokia does not have a US support center. No no its not in India or some cheap country its in Europe. So they call in the afternoon and they can support you for like 2 or 3 hours that it - time to go to the pub. So first they sent me an email that seemed to indicate that they have sent me a link of some sorts on the phone - which never came to me. I waited some more. Then I got a survey email - looks like issue resolved. I responded with a very positive survey and sent them email as well. They came back oh sorry here is the link oh and that link will expire after 2 hours (aka we will be in the pub by then). And that link downloaded the file but install failed - this time certificate error. OK back to them - did not install blah blah blah. Oh just make sure you have correct time and date on the phone. He dumbos who does not have correct time and date on a (apprently) smart phone. Anyway oh OK then reset the phone. OK I did. oh the link has expired - here is another one - oh I need to go to the pub now. After all then still certificate error. Next day it start again - reset the phone... I gave up on that bunch of panzies. The game was only 2.99 but the you get the point.OK I cannot play games on the phone. I can live with that - may be. Can I play my music on it? My old nokia phone that costed me exactly $0.00 (with the contract ofcourse) did the job pretty well. Nope you cannot do that either. If you load more than 20 songs on to the phone - either in its memory or on the external card - you get all sorts of errors and it will not play any thing. Forget about playing it wont even show the song list and every now and then the external card is corrupted. If it plays the song (rarely that happens) try hitting pause - it takes a good 1 sec to pause - hello this is 2009. Is that a 2MHz processor in there - nope its the crappy software I am sure written by the invincible sleeping nokia designers and supported and released by the even more invincible nokia management.

I got this phone because I liked the bulkiness and feel of it, and when I got it, it was so much more. The best apps for this phone can be found on both GetJar and Ovi by Nokia.

I bought this cellphone after waiting for a good while for an affordable business cellphone. Very usefull cellphone which the selling point for me was the wifi support and the symbian os, which has a lot of support for applications unlike the blackberry. I have wifi at home and at work and this is more affordable than using a GPRS data plan. I use my cellphone with skype, and nimbuzz which supports yahoo messenger, hotmail messenger, facebook chat, it has microsoft exchange support. This enable me to be always connected without a pc. The phone supports upto 16g memcards and it has a 3.5mm headphone jack which which enable me to replace my ipod with this phone. A last very useful feature in this phone is the very bright led, which turns the phone into a very usefull flashlight.It can light up a decent size room. Camera quality is good in bright light, but in dm conditions it is very poor.

After losing my Blackberry Pearl and with the screen of my back up Razr gone, I started shopping, trying to decide whether to wait until my contract with T-Mobile was up and get an iPhone or continue buying unlocked phones and keeping my great plan. Reading all the reviews on Amazon and going to other sites, I decided on the Nokia e63-2 in true blue. I had read about how syncing with Mac was not the easiest project. True. I had to go through the isync set up a few times before my phone was finally recognized. The next step is the media transfer, which you can download from Apple, if you have OS X. 5 or higher, but not OS X .4. If you have an older version of OS x, do not try to download the media transfer from Apple, it will not load. When I went to Nokia's sight, the new pages only have the updates for OS X.5. I did a google search with my current Mac operating system and found the Nokia, free download (There are sites charging $39 for syncing program). I followed the instructions from Nokia and by using my microUSB cord (I also loaded files with the Bluetooth feature, for a little test), I easily transfer music from my iTunes library and created my own, free ringtones, and photos to create my own wall paper. Now I am also synced for my calenders, notes, appointments, contacts, etc.So after spending a few hours (mostly my fault) with the setup, I was ready to go. I love the keyboard, no trouble texting nor typing. There is a light sensor on the camera that will automatically turn on the keyboard backlight, in a dark room, but I found that it did not light the whole keyboard. Until I go through the instructions, thoroughly, I will blame myself for this.Calls sounded crisp and clean. The headphones that come with the phone are not bad, so I will save my Shures for my iPod. I like the weight of the phone and the way it feels in my hand. The keyboard lock feature took a little getting use to, but it comes in handy when putting the phone in a bag or pocket. With all the playing around I have done, I still have not drained half of the battery power. I have dropped the phone once, and with my Razr, I had to take the phone apart and adjust the battery, but the Nokia was ready to go, no problem.I took advantage of Amazon's low price and a $50 rebate from Nokia, making the phone cost $169 instead of being over $227.With all the electronics I buy, there is some letdown and I often regret not getting the most expensive choice, but, I am happy I saved a lot of money by not buying the e71x. I got a great deal and have no regrets included the 2 mp camera, which I would only use in an emergency and no GPS.

I bought this phone about 1 year ago it worked perfectly out of the box. Later on in the phone's life it began to give problems the email system crashed and after a while the chrome D-pad gets rusty from your finger sweat. I found the wifi annoying when wifi options popped up on my screen every minute. The voice dialing doesn't work well. The camera is inferior and pictures often look purple. I found it annoying that your sim would dislocate if u drop your phone, then you would have to open the back and reinsert your sim.I would suggest this phone for someone who has never owned a smart phone. It is not a good phone for people who plan on keeping it for a long time as it slows down and battery life deteriorates ( u have to charge it every day ). Other than that it is a good phone and i would recommend it for a teenager in the 12-15 age group. It is a under appreciated blackberry alternative but it will not hold the blackberry resale value

Easy to use smart phone, very intuitive(like all Nokia devices)...unlike Blackberry, with all the nonsense setups and settings.Excellent value, it got quite all the features somebody's looking for in a smart phone...easy to setup email and connectivity...great sound quality(after all it is still a phone)...great photos with the 2.0 mp camera(again ways better then Blackberry, for the same 2.0 camera)...excellent battery life...Symbian OS...did I mentioned UNLOCKED, being able to simply switch the sim card when you travel abroad, or if you just want to switch carrier?..excellent speakerphone...Overall, excellent device, highly recommended. If I would have to buy one again, I would without hesitation...Good luck.

The Nokia E63 is a pretty nice phone.  The best thing about it is how long the battery lasts.  I can go several days without charging it.  The only draw back is the camera.  Its only a 2MP but if you don't use the phone for taking pictures its a great phone.  Speaker phone is nice and loud. User friendly software, easy to figure out how to change settings.  Keyboard makes it easy to send a quick text message.  If only the camera was better I would love the phone.

Este celular es muy bueno, tiene de todo!!!El celular supera muchos otros celulares del mismo precio e incluso otros de mayor precio, lo recomiendo.

Decent smart phone but it won't set the world on fire in 2010. Camera is at or below average for a phone, if you want photos buy a camera or expect to pay much more for the phone. Solid feel and takes a bounce if you use a good cover like an otter box cover. Buttons feel good and I have big hands and fingers. Reception is good. The only dropped calls I get are in between cities and that happens with almost all providers! Cell towers only handle so much traffic folks!! I can see some of the button labeling wearing off with constant use. Battery lasts me 2-3 days with constant talk use. WIFI will kill the battery on this phone if you leave it in search mode all the time. Turn it off and save yourself the headache. It does not have GPS on it step up to the E73 for that. 3.5mm headphone jack is a plus for mp3 playing or video. Takes a mini sd card to up the memory size. On occasion I have had it freeze for a few seconds but then again I can be impatient when changing screens and I think I confuse it!

I really like this cell phone and its features, but there is a major drawback, and it is its software, I'm sure Nokia is aware of it I and hope they are working to fix this, other wise this is killing Nokia products.I just turned the phone off one day and then it never came back, all it does now is turn oon the screen light and does the initial vibration, nothing else, this is a software issue.

I wore this phone out. Easily accessible, programmable, love the local radio feature and flexibility to determine what you want to network. I tried replacing with a newer Nokia. Unsatisfied. China model was cheaper materials, poor quality and less features.

I admit I bought the phone because it was cute and red.  However, I have a terrible time seeing the tiny numbers.  Also, have to be very carefull when answering phone, as the answer key is so close to menu key and if you bump it, it ends the call.  It was not a good match for me.

This is a beautiful phone! It felt comfortable in the hand, had nice call quality and had  all the bells and whistles. I was able to put in my AT&T sim card and access my info immed. The only problem is I am a senior and trying to text was a challenge. Even though the keys are raised they were too small for me to be able to see and type accurately. Also, it was a bit confusing to use considering I don't use most of the apps.  The seller was wonderful and I was mailed a link for a return label immed. I received the product in a speedy fashion and it was in brand new condition.

Very well designed, identical in size as the Blackberry Tour, the E63 is a wonderful phone to use. Took a little while to get things set up (but expected with all smartphones), but once up and running, it is super easy to use. Adding in a few apps from Ovi Store makes it even more user friendly. Apps such as Nokia Email Exchange, Nokia Conversation, makes communicating via SMS and email a breeze.  YouTube, Opera Mobile 10, Google Map, are great add-ons. Fring allows for Wi-fi calls via Skype... and the WiFi connection is automatic.  Great battery life, great call quality. Highly recommended!The Blackberry Tour case is the perfect companion to the E63. Fits like a glove.BlackBerry Horizontal Leather Holster Case with Swivel Belt Clip for BlackBerry Tour 9630 [Bulk Packaging]

Bought this one for my wife after reading reviews everywhere on the internet, and reviews are n't bad at all and nor is the product. Shipping took long time for a 6 hour distance but that's not about product anyways and who cares , I love amazon and their free shipping. Thank you Amazon for keeping this product and at low price with rebates. It really was a deal.Wife is using pay as you go (att)on this phone and it works fine. Like the color and performance with of this phone. Startup is fast. response on actions is fast. keyboard works fine and very friendly. App installation worked fast as well. It does warn you from time to time regarding website security certificates which is good.Pretty good phone at this cost. I am wondering if there is SSH package available for this model so that I could have that installed on this phone to remotely connect server when we are out on vacation ;)Thanks to amazon and Nokia...Hope to get rebates soon.

I was really missing my old phone because of the calendar and contacts (among other things), and I needed a cheap, unlocked replacement that could, at the very least, sync perfectly with Outlook and play music. The E63 is it. My previous phone the HTC TyTN II (aka AT&T Tilt & aka 8925) was pretty good, but had some issues .... navigation was kind of a pain and it wasn't a great phone. It did, however, sync perfectly with Outlook, have WiFi, and had a GPS receiver (which I rarely used). More than anything, the TyTN, despite it's processor was often sluggish and the touchscreen was not terribly good. While the E63 does not have GPS (Ovi Maps are available and it will work with a connection) or a touchscreen, it is pretty quick, intuitive, and it has WiFi. This keyboard is far better than the TyTN's as well .... each key is raised (even though they are smaller), and it makes it way easier to type. More than anything, after downloading Nokia PC Suite for free (try that with Motorola Phone Tools), I was able to sync Outlook and files with zero issues. Even better, I can sync to my home pc using Bluetooth .... everything (does Verizon still block OBEX file transfers via BT??)! I don't even have a cable. I added Office docs, MP3's, synced Outlook ...... It can open just about anything it seems, Word, Excel, PDF, MP3s obviously. For 139, I am quite happy .... I can now go over to T-Mobile pay as you go and for $100 get 1,150 minutes which don't expire for a year. I really love the Droid X, but I am done paying $100+/month for a phone. The home screen is fairly configurable and it is really pretty well thought out. I wasn't sure what to expect out of Symbian, but I really like what I see after just a few days. I have not read a single manual and everything is just quite logical. The interface it simple, but it gives you what you want quickly ... particularly with appointments and contacts. I am very happy with this purchase.

E-E-EExcellent characteristic and operation of the product, inside of and outside of U.S.A.Excellent time of delivery.Excellent price.

Matur&iacute;n 12 de Julio de 2010Excelente la compra que realice en Amazon, es una tienda muy seria y son responsables, los recomiendo, teniendo en cuenta que en compras futuras nos den la oportunidad para que nosotros los clientes que estamos fuera de Estados Unidos espec&iacute;ficamente en Venezuela nos permitan poder hacer las compras directamente con ustedes sin necesidad de una tercera persona ya que esto nos quita tiempo y inconvenientes, debido a que hay muchas empresas de casillero que cobran muy caro el traslado del producto a nuestro pa&iacute;s.Much&iacute;simas gracias Se&ntilde;ores de Amazon.Oliver Jos&eacute; Vel&aacute;squez

Phone works great for what it is designed; Wifi is amazingly fast. Have not tried hooking up emails yet but rest of the features turned out to be great

Received in good condition and in the specified date. Brought it from Tech Dealers on Amazon.  I am very please with my purchase.  I have seen complaints of not seeing the person who call but I didn't have a problem with that on the phone.  I have had my phone now from since the  28th June.

This is a very easy phone to use if you follow the set instructions that comes with the phone.Nice size screen,easy to text/email etc.Plenty of good applications on this phone, that makes life easy when you are on the go (Give this nokia E63-2 4 stars )A J from Bermuda 12/10/09 Thanks amazon for the good price. Hey big +, it's 3 g and Wi-Fi ready (us version with warranty)

I've always wanted to own a smartphone, but did not want to pay the usurious rates charged by carriers for regular phone+data service. This smartphone is the answer to my wishes. Amazon's hit it out of the park on pricing.The phone hardware is beautifully engineered. While some have panned its camera, I've found it usable. When you first use the keyboard, you might think that with the small keys, you'll fat-finger everything, but surprisingly it works very well. The phone has a plethora of features.I've used my phone with prepaid voice service from T-Mobile. You'll need a SIM card and some airtime. I chose not to buy any data packages, but instead, configure the browser and email to work with wi-fi. The advantage is that wi-fi service at home and many hotels and cafes is free, so you have mobile internet access. The disadvantage is that you don't get mail and web unless you're within range of a wi-fi signal, and you pretty much become your own systems integrator, trying to get all the components to work seamlessly.The manual that comes with the product is close to being useless. It goes on and on about various pieces of jargon, without once explaining what they are, and what purpose they serve. I tried in vain to connect the in-built mail client to Yahoo, but failed because it insists on connecting via IMAP and Yahoo does not do IMAP. There is no way to specify POP. After a day of web browsing I came up on a workaround using a fake email domain name to trick the software into working with Yahoo. You'll have more work to do in setting up the various pieces of software so that they use your wi-fi connection and not the cellular 3G connection.Nokia has a separate push email service that is very poorly documented, and is _separate_ from the email software that comes on the phone. This service works superbly with Yahoo and other email services like Gmail. However figuring out how to change the email icon to start this email as opposed to the stock email program that came with the device takes a good amount of doing. Once you've set it up, you can get it to work so that the email key and icon go directly to the Nokia push email.The bottom line: if you are familiar with setting up electronic gadgetry, know something about various types of networks, and have a day or two to spare in googling, you can set up the phone to work on prepaid, with wi-fi for data service. The hardware is great, and once you've gone past the setup hassles, the software works well.If technology intimidates you, then buy this phone from a carrier, or go for a Blackberry or Iphone. With a phone that you buy from a carrier, you get the carrier to do all the integration with their network, and a number to call if something doesn't work. Of course the downside is the much higher monthly cost.

The phone design is good, and the programs in the phone is easy to use.

Got this phone it works great.For Philippines lovers of nokia this phones gets smart 3g network.Its a great phone for the price .

Great Phone only problem is , the photos and video quality could be better.I love everthing else about the phone.

Three years ago I bought this phone and it still works perfectly, is a good deal for the price of the product, no doubt would buy it again if it is damaged in the future.

I bought this for my daughter, and she loves it! Email,texting, and music all in one non-iPhone packge.

Glad I got it when I did, I paid a lot less.  But, I need help how do I use the Web without getting charged?  Some how AT&T; charged me for using Data, I didn't change the phone on my plan.  They said I can't use the Wi-Fi without getting the Data plan. I should be able to use my Wi-Fi at home or if I am somewhere else without getting charged. This is not fair that they are making money off my connection that has nothing to do with AT&T.;So, how can I beat them at this game? Like they don't make enough money from all the services you need to add on to these plans to begin with in order to use the phones...I really love this phone, the best phone I have ever had, the last one was junk.

This phone works good except it does not have the fast speed of other 3g phones. about 200kpbs instead of the 500-700 my Nokia N85 has. This is with the ATT network in SC.

Actually, I like Nokia phone and a fan of nokia. But I feel so disppoint about this phone because my wifi never works. I called nokia customer service and they helped me reset this phone and it doesn't work. It still can't connect to any internet. I returned this phone and feel so bad.

I have had the phone for about 3 days now and it is great! Just as everyone said there is a learning curve because the documentation is lacking but bit by bit you begin to find the things you need to make the phone operational for your needs. I have T-Mobile and just as the reviews indicated I can bypass their data package and simply use wifi after I set it to ask me which network to log in to. You can't beat internet access and no contract!I found it very funny that after I used it a couple of times T-Mobile sent me a text message with a sly come on to "use the internet connection correctly" by saving a link to their data package. I deleted it and went on. I can connect to wifi at a ton of places to check my free email (other than Nokia's email)and even send emails from the account. My boyfriend, who has a blackberry, pointed out that the keys are smaller than a BB but once you get use to using them it works just fine. I also like the qwerty format in that it is one less thing I have to learn. The camera is OK but if I need high quality pictures I have a digital camera for that. I was able to use my old sim card from my previous Nokia cell phone and go into the sim card and quickly manually transfer all my contacts over to the phone in a snap.And finally, I LOVE the way the keys automatically locks after a short period of time so there are no accidental calls while it is sitting in my purse. All in all a great phone and the price didn't hurt either!

I bought this as a gift for my friend whose 4 year old Nokia flip phone had finally given up after too many drops.  She was looking for a phone that was simular to a Blackberry but didn't want the monthly $40 data/PDA charges that come along with it. This Nokia has Wifi and EDGE capabilities which allows you to connect to any wireless signal (security enabled/locked connections will require a password)as well as cheaper EDGE based internet plans.  She added a $5.99/month internet option from Centennial, now part of AT&T;, and is able to check Gmail, Facebook, Youtube and many other websites.  It's not a huge data plan but she can use wifi for free to download big files or update software.  It also comes with a cable to hook up to the computer so you can download things into Nokia PC Suite then use the USB cord to transfer the file to the phone.  She loves the full keypad which allows to to keep in contact quickly via texting or e-mail.  She takes trips to bigger cities about once a month and loves the FREE GPS for LIFE from Nokia.  It saves her from having to buy a GPS for her car.  Every time I see her she is on her phone and she's admitted she's a little addicted to how much it can do :)So far she hasn't shared anything with me that she didn't like about her phone.  The only thing I can think of is if you want a high MP camera this phone only has a 2MP camera but the pictures are still quite nice.

I love this phone. However, I do not really use it to get on the internet, etc. The best part about the phone is the battery life. The battery usually lasts about 3-4 days. I would recommend it to anybody.

ok but the numbers are small,same comments as the other phone,not my cup of tea or coffee,I like biggere numbers

I wanted to get out of the basic phone mode, but without breaking the bank. I did not wish to sign up for a data plan, but I do want the option to do so in future should the need arise. Music player, Wifi and 3G also ranked as highly desirable features on my list, but not deal breakers. A qwerty keyboard was important. My budget was around $250, the lesser the better. I wanted a smartphone, but a superior browsing experience wasnt a priority. At the very minimum, I wanted decent call quality, speakerphone and productivity features (alarm, calendar, to do). I also need the phone to work in India, where I travel often.It appears like I ended up getting all this and more in an excellent little package, all for the price for $168. I bought it on sale at Fry's electronics in Jan 2010. As far as things stand, I couldnt be happier with this phone.Call quality - very good and acceptable for calling into meetings at work, which I do often. The accompanying headset and microphone produce crystal clear call quality. Calls to India were great.Wifi - Snappy and fast. Detects wifi hotspots well. I have set my phone option to always ask me which access point to connect to, as I dont want to accidentally start using AT&T;'s data network and get charged.Browsing - This is no iphone when it comes to browsing, but you can easily get the job done if you want to quickly check directions or look up an address. The user interface for browsing is simple and clean. I played youtube videos, browsed through picasa albums and updated my facebook status just to know what its like and the experience was highly satisfactory.3G - Since I dont have a data plan, I used the 3G for a few minutes only and it worked well.Email - Gmail using mail exchange works great. The UI for reading and writing emails was better than expected. Even my ipod touch toting husband found the experience to be pleasant.Productivity - speakerphone, alarm, active notes (you can embed photos, video, audio to your notes), quickoffice (surprisingly easy to edit documents!), pdf viewer. There are a smorgasboard of other features that Nokia doesnt actively market on its website that could potentially ease your boredom or make your life easier.One touch access to email, calendar, contacts list. Highly customizable home screens to maximize your productivity.Appearance - The phone is sleek and small with a delightful keyboard. Granted, I dont have big fingers, but my husband does and he uses it just fine. The keys have a rubbery, matte feel to them and hence dont slip. The lack of a volume rocker hasnt bothered me so far and I doubt it will bother you once you get used to the scroll key. The camera is adequate but average, naturally. Dont expect more from a 2MP camera. The LED flash is bright and doubles as a useful flashlight. To summarize, this is actually an attractive phone with nary a cheap feel. I cant help looking at it in sheer pleasure as the newness hasnt still worn off! ;)Usability - In my opinion, Nokia makes some of the most user friendly phones, however basic the feature set may be. The feature set on this phone is anything but basic, but you never feel overwhelmed. The usability is superior and the learning curve is not unlike any other new phone or new brand. The fonts are sans serif and the screen has a very good resolution.Media player - I will update this after some time. I am mainly interested in listening to audio books and the occasional song. Hope it will deliver there.I havent used the Nokia E71, the elder sibling of this phone, but if you are absolutely unable to decide between the two, go for this one and save yourself some cash. The E71 has a clearly better camera, metallic casing, no audio jack, but otherwise they share a lot of common traits. I was also strongly debating buying the Nokia Xpress Music 5800, but I am troubled at the thought of constantly playing with my phone and the sheer amount of my life hours I'll spend doing so, never mind the $100 price premium.

Bought the Nokia E63-2 in Ruby Red in December 2009, after doing some research on it. It is a great phone ! I am not a heavily business person, but must admit, this phone makes organizing easier. I walk with less papers now ! Since I am a research student, my budget is limited and this price (US$192.something with free shipping)gives my money more bang. I am a Nokia fan, but don't appreciate how the first question people ask when they glimpse my phone is "Is that a BB?" (I laugh).PROS:I agree with most things mentioned by earlier reviewers, so I wont be repeating all of that. My aunt admired the phone, so I ended up ordering one for her a few weeks later.CONS:Not much really for me. I don't need Boose type of sound on a phone, so what audio offered here is good enough for me. I own an Olympus camera from before, in case I really need a great picture. However, I have realised that after having this phone for a month, there are times when I have to restart it due to minor freezes now and then. This improved when I deleted some of the text messages I had piled up in my Inbox and Sent.The phone is still fairly new to me... I might add more to this review later.

We just came back from a month in Italy and Croatia.  The phone worked perfectly.  We called hotels to reserve and also back to the US.  No problems at all with signal being dropped or with the sound (I'd say it was better than our land line at home).  Battery life was great.We bought a cheap Vodafone sim card in Italy and put it in, and the phone came right up.  We got good signal practically everywhere.  Free wifi was harder to find, but where it existed we could browse as well as the little screen permits.  If you have non-web email you can use the cell network to get it with very little data expense.The camera was better than I expected, though it's not good in low light.  But if you pick your spots you can take good pictures -- when I look at them on my pc they are fine.  The music player is excellent, and the fm radio also if you like Italian and Croatian stations.The menu driven operating system is a pain but it works.  It's worth spending some time with the manual before you travel so as to figure it out.Oh, and the phone works fine in the US with a cheap AT&T; sim card.  Ergonomically the phone is surprisingly good.  Bravo Nokia.

For the price, I couldn't have made a better Smart Phone purchase.I am fairly computer savvy, but this is my first Smart Phone. I've had some frustrations, but my overall opinion is one of satisfaction and I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone wanting advanced features in an unlocked smart phone with wifi, for a very good price.I got a 8GB microSD card right away. I have about 2GB (my whole music library) of MP3 on it, as well as numerous 3rd party applications. I connect to my home wifi network and use Bluetooth to sync Contacts to my Notebook computer, and to connect to my stereo headphones and to my Jabra car speaker phone. All work flawlessly, but I have had a couple of *minor* issues with the OVI sync software on my Vista machine, and this phone doesn't support Bluetooth PBAP Phone Book service, so my Jabra will not "say" callers names from the phone book... only the number calling.The menus takes some getting used to. It has a lot of levels because it has a lot of features. One thing that helps me is a 3rd party Menuing Program. You can set up to six progs on the standard home page, but if you are like me and have lots of new apps, or even if you want quick access to the many apps pre-installed, the standard home screen does not have nearly enough quick launch slots available.The WiFi is great! I use the Skype app with my subscription account to call anyone for free anytime. I also listen to lots of streaming radio with the pre-installed Internet Radio app. The standard Internet Browser is OK, but I can view regular web pages quick with the free Opera 10.1 browser. I use the new PicoMail app to view html emails and even attachments... it's free too. There are lots of apps for this phone as it is one of the most used Operating Systems in the world.Finally, sure there are some things I would like changed about the phone and I have had some frustrations, but I doubt any other platform would be much different in that regard. This is a good phone and I plan on having it for a while.UPDATE(2JAN10): There is a new beta version of the OVI software available which works good on my Vista machine. I also installed a new firmware update about a week ago, which helps a lot. Make sure to update your firmware right away when you get this phone. I still love this phone. Four stars. That's my story and I'm sticking with it.

I love the Nokia E63 it has all the features that I need, even more than some blackberry cellular phones. The only problem I have is that the videos and photos are not great quality when placed on my pc.

Amozen is really one of the best online to shop with confident as they are always with you 24/7.This is really good choice for the person looking for most of the stuff,within budget I bought for $176Battery is really good as normally Nokia stands for the same.My rating for not only NOKIA its also for AMAZON.

I actually bought the blue for my dad and the Red for my mom, they love their matching phones, the email push is excellent it behaves like a much more expensive phone, battery lasts 3 days, wifi-youtube facebook all work great, picks up 3G like a charm from local carrier and is a really dependable phone could not be happier with my purchase i can tell you right now. If you text a lot or email a lot this phone is definitely for you!

Very nice phone with all the features we need. It was unlocked and we easily set it up for our AT&T; carrier. Nokia free PC software works fine -- allowing one to maintain contacts, load music, and do everything else imaginable. The phone is running the latest software/firmware available for the E63.However, it does not reliably connect to our 2009 Acura TL HandsFreeLink system via Bluetooth (our other cell phones do connect without issue). In doing an internet search, we see that there are several cars that the phone will not connect to reliably (maybe many more -- but the search was not exhaustive). The problem is not limited to the Nokia E63. Other recent and more expensive Nokias have the same issue, apparently. The phone connects then disconnects within seconds, then reconnects, then ... you get the idea. Basically, the phone is unusable with the HandsFreeLink -- creating a safety (and legal) issue when phoning from the car.Like other Nokia E63 owners we contacted our automobile manufacturer (Acura) by e-mail and phone. We contacted Nokia by e-mail and phone.Acura tried to help -- spent time on the phone with us and got the phone working temporarily. But, the connection remained intermittent. The Acura site lists cell phones that work and those that don't -- the Nokia E63 and some other Nokias are listed as marginal or unusable. On the other hand, many other brands work fine. Who ever thought one had to check a modern cell phone for compatibility with a modern automobile handsfree system (not us, at least).The Nokia phone representative literally hung up in our ear -- they spoke so fast we could not understand and got huffy when we asked that they speak more slowly (no, we're not "hard of hearing"). The email response was essentially "not Nokia's problem". Others reported the same "brush off". So, don't expect help from Nokia. Nokia's product and attitude is indefensible to us -- heck this is 2010 -- cell phone Bluetooth connections are mature technology. If Nokia's doesn't work they should put out a firmware fix -- they owe it to the customer, we think.I guess this is our last Nokia phone.

Excellent phone and highly recommended. One of the best options of choice as far as value vs. benefits and its characteristics.In case you want to save on airline time, The WiFi applications work  seamlessly well such as the Email features using GMail or the Nokia Ovi server and others like Facebook and YouTube are a welcome plus.

If you are reading reviews, you've probably checked reviews on a lot of other sites as well. And you've probably read that this is a quality phone, all I can add to those reviews is another rave review. Just search this site and others and try to find another unlocked phone that ranks higher for the price range (&lt;$200)... you're not likely to find it. Yes, you can spend more money, but why? This phones does everything you need it to do and more.My family has had a lot of smartphones, I never joined that group because everytime I tried to talk to them, they couldn't hear me or I couldn't hear them or the call was dropped altogehter... it was not my phone, it was the "do-it-all" piece of junk they were using... guess what... this phone works AS A PHONE! I know, hard to believe that this feature would be important... BUT IT IS! And it WORKS WELL!But, in addition to call quality, with 3 simple FREE downloads, you can do anything you want with this phone. Before you do anything else, download SKYFIRE, GOOGLE MAPS and PALRINGO. Just search for them, the downloads are fast and easy and before you know it, you are viewing REAL webpages, getting directions and finding sites of interest as well as any GPS, and chatting with everyone you keep in touch with... so simple.If I had a complaint, it would be that the POP email settings for Yahoo mean you have to upgrade to Yahoo Plus for it to work properly and that costs $20 per year, but that is a yahoo issue, and its worth it. The email interface is not all that impressive either, but it works just as it should. You can avoid all this by adding Yahoo Mobile as a bookmark in Skyfire. No fee, emails rendered as they are on your desktop, I've done both since the POP email is so easy to check on the run. But you will find that the yahoo POP email does not work until you upgrade and adjust the phones email account settings properly, google it to find out how, it's easy.Yes, the GPS feature is more advanced for the e71, but not worth the extra $ in my opinion. With google maps, the phone can approximate your position and get you where you want to go no problem. If you want more precise locations and tracking, buy a bluetooth GPS reciever, you can get one on this site for $40 and you still come out ahead. Stash it in your glove box and you are set. Again, not necessary though, cell tower location works well enough for most, I have yet to find a situation where I needed to know my location within 10m. Its unnecessary.Oh, and don't be afraid of the plastic shell, the rubberized back shell has a better feel in your hand than the metal e71... no joke... you'll like the quality tactile feel of the phone and keyboard a lot!And the camera works great. Not so much in low light, but you can say that about most cameras. All the negative reviews are people splitting hairs, let them spend the extra $, I'll just use that $ toward buy a second phone for my wife or a nice evening out.In summary, great phone, good quality, tons of features, DOWNLOAD SKYFIRE, GOOGLE MAPS and PALRINGO and you will be set. Buying one for my wife ASAP. You should get this phone, you won't be disappointed.

this phone is awesome! i got it on amazon for 199.99 now its only 179.99 get it before it goes back up to 279.99. if you need a great phone and have att or tmobile buy this phone right away. 3g works with att only not tmobile but the 2g edge speed is decent on the tmobile network, i have it for tmobile. this phone has wi-fi so its always fast because theres wlan networks everywhere nowadays. everything works for this phone, facebook,myspace,aim,youtube,etc.... you can download apps and games using the phones browser right onto the phone or memory card. camera is 2 megapixels but compared to nokias e71 theres almost no difference except no autofocus but the phone still takes great pictures. hold down the space bar you use the phone as a flash light, and the audio output is a 3.5mm jack unlike the e71s. this means you can use any headphones or connect it to ipod, car, speaker and all other audio inputs.this phone is a little wider than the e71 so the qwerty board is easier to use and instead of metal like the e71 the e63s back feels more like rubber so it wont drop easily. this phone can basically do 99% of what the e71 can do except for the GPS. but this phone comes with nokia maps and/or you can just download google maps and works great. also, if theres a gps reciever in your car or near one, you can connect it through bluetooth and the phone will work as gps. this phone is great for the price, you basically pay more than 100.00 more for the e71 just for gps. but everything you need on this phone is on it calls, texts, mms, video calling, camera photo/video, java, browser, wifi, 3g(att), micro sd slot up to 8 gigs,flash light, alarm, tasks, email, calendar, etac...... great buy great phone i am fully satisfied

I bought this phone when it was $200 and now its $150. This phone is great, I bought it mainly because of the wifi and it works great everytime i use the net it asks me what connection i want to use (Wifi or Phone company's internet). it automatically scans to see if there are any networks around(which you can turn off) and if you dont turn that setting off it will drain your battery pretty quickly. I bought an 8gb memory card to go with it so i use this phone as my mp3 player too The phone has a jack on top that you can fit any headphones you would normally use for mp3 players (like an ipod) and the camera is pretty good too. You can also download apps for it but i recomend downloading to your computer then tranfering to the phone so u dont have to pay for the data charges.To sum it up i use this phone as an-Mp3 player-Camera-Internet browserand oh yeah i almost forgot A PHONE!

I bought this a few weeks ago and I'm overall very happy with it. The only difference between this and the more expensive e71 is that this does not include a GPS receiver and doesn't have the volume adjustable keys on the side of the phone. Otherwise it has the same operating system and features as the e71. The body is plastic and not metal like the e71 but it is still very sturdy and well-built. The push email works great with my Gmail account. There's no instant messaging application included so I downloaded Nimbuzz for this purpose.There are a few things that bother me though. The reception isn't the greatest. I often get no signal where my other Nokia phones would get at least a few bars. So if you live in a more rural area like me where signals can be weak then proceed with caution before buying this phone. Also the calendar isn't the greatest. Out of the box there's no way to sync with iCal or Google Calendar. I use GooSync to sync with my Google Calendar (free if you only need to sync with one calendar, otherwise $40/year). Nokia does have a website which includes a calendar you can sync with but it isn't nearly as featured as Google Calendar. I have heard complaints about the quality of the camera but I don't use the camera very much and don't expect very good quality from a cellphone camera.Overall though I am pleased with this phone, especially considering the price. Unlocked it is less than most if not all the Blackberry phones are with a 2 year contract. That's not including the data plan AT&T; requires for smartphones. With this phone all you need to do is sign up for the data unlimited feature for $15/month. Corporate people are probably going to want to stick with the Blackberry but this is a great phone for small business and personal use.

Very good morning!First and foremost a greeting!At this very moment I am receiving my task today 18 January 2011, it hoped to receive according to published the day December 24, 2011. (article: Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3 G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, and MicroSD Slot - U.S. Version with Warranty (Ruby Red) (Purchased on 11/29/2010)(by Nokia) which meets my expectancy; excellent product and good packaging, excellent your Office time.I should add that of the intermediary here in venezuela (seravila) does not meet with very poor clearance time.Thank you!!ROGER EDUARDO QUINTERO MARRIAGA

This smart phone is so easy and accessible, size is slim and convenient and its a cute phone. The wi-fi is great. The qwerty keyboard is large enough, so you don't accidentally hit the wrong key. You don't have to connect to the internet everytime you need to check your e-mail. The only two issues I have with this smart phone is dropped calls (which is not often) and the other is adjusting the volume. The manual booklet and tutorial both state, Press Fn + scroll up to increase the volume or Press Fn + scroll down to decrease the volume, this method dose not work (at least on my phone it dosen't). Another way of adjusting the volume can be done during a call, but the volume is still too low...

I wanted to "upgrade" from my old N95 (had it 2 or 3 years)and get a phone with full qwerty keyboard. Using Nokia's "Switch" utility, all my contacts were transfered to my new E63 within minutes... It was effortless... Thank you Nokia!TV SCREEN: The E63 screen is brighter, wider and better proportioned than the N95. Great for watching TV - yes, there's a $15 TV application that gives you CNN and about 100 other channels - Google "Spb TV"SPEED: It's much faster and more streamlined than the N95 - maybe the E63 has a faster processor?FAST CAMERA: REALLY FAST! It boots up in about one second so it's much easier to point and shoot than the N95. 2.0 Megapixels isn't a problem - I prefer the lower resolution because it's much easier to email and share the pics on the net.PRIUS BLUETOOTH INTEGRATION: Bluetooth transfered ALL my 170 contacts to the Toyota's Address Book in one shot. The N95 couldn't do that!INTERNET MODEM: Works flawlessly... Nokia PC Suite allows me to connect my notebook to the internet anytime by just plugging the phone into its USB port and clicking a button. T-Mobile gives me unlimited access to the Internet for just $20/month.BATTERY: E63's battery is huge - about twice the size of the N95's - without making the phone more bulky - amazing. The E63 easily lasts far longer than the N95 without re-charging.VOLUME CONTROL: There's no physical volume control buttons on the E63. Instead, you use the central cursor control (during a call) and it works just fine. Honestly, who actually alters the volume of each call? I set the volume once and it normally stays at that level for all my calls - I don't miss having a separate volume control. Good job NOKIA!GMAIL: Nokia's combined email/message application works better than Google's own separate Gmail application. Setup was easy and Nokia integrates a Gmail inbox alert into the phone's main screen.BLUETOOTH TIP: Quickly turn on/off Bluetooth by pressing and holding the asterisk key * for a couple of seconds (from the main screen). Great for when you're in the car with passengers but don't want them listening to your "hands free" conversations.PRICE: You just can't beat it - there's NOTHING that comes close. You'll also need to order a Nokia USB cable (about $2 on Amazon) and why not treat yourself to an 8GB Micro SDHC card? (about $20).NOKIA E63 ROCKS!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!!!

I absolutely love this phone. It was definitely worth the wait and research. I would never switch to another!

I just received the Nokia E63 this week.  It arrived quickly, new and in great shape.  I am living outside the U.S. currently, but visiting, so I haven't really been able to use it yet, but what I have tried to do has worked well.  It is a much higher tech phone than what I've had in the past, so it is taking me longer to set it up and figure out how things work, but I think the price was great for what this phone offers and can't wait to be able to try out all the features.  I had an old AT&T; go phone, but since I haven't used it in a while, they tell me I have to buy another sim card plus $20.00 for minutes and since I only plan on being here less than a week, I thought it was over priced, just to try the phone out.  I haven't had any problem with the battery charging or running down as I saw a few people complain about.I'm going to try to find someplace that has an unsecured wifi so that I can at least try to send and receive emails.

It's a great phone that I've used for almost 2 years (June) with T-Mobile. Used it international in Asia country, just swapped the SIM card. It's sturdy, I've had a couple of drop incidents with and without a case. The keyboard is easy to use. Multiple programs can be run and easy to switch inbetween. I've had a couple times where I've had to reset the phone by taking out the battery, but most of time it's because of the BigTime/BigClock 3rd party program I installed. Battery life is great as usual, although by now I've had to charge it more often but not to be point of being a hassle. My use of the Music Player is more than adequate, since I've had problems using a large playlist (> 100 songs) that I created from my computer. The speaker works great. The Wi-Fi is very convenient. I've used it to update the QuickOffice (program that's come in handy plenty of times), Opera Mini and Google Maps. Pictures taken are decent (2MP) with flash included & small mirror and same goes with the video with length time of 1 hr and zooming in and out during filming, although the sound of pushing the button can be heard. I use my phone with a stereo bluetooth headset. While there's no GPS receiver, I've use the Nokia Maps plenty of times to find my way around.Very annoying they couldn't add a volume toggle button. No usb cable (using the bluetooth connection) or memory card.Often times, because of the design I've had people ask if this was a Blackberry. And the red color is amazing.

this phone is damm good phone. it was abused litterly and still working.. dropped thousands of time and still working. water splases.. my sone throws like baseball. these type of phones are difficult to recommend becuase this is now the age of android/iphones etc. but still it has the best hardware. second best its a world phone. works every corner in the world. nowadays this is my back up phone in case of emergency. so u can imagine i m using as a backup in case of emergency,

I am fairly technically oriented -- so tried taking this directly out of the box to use it.  I chose the red phone and the outside cover feels velvety to me.  It doesn't slide around when you set it on a hard surface in the car....which is good.My main complaint is that the written instructions are absolutely useless.  After taking the back off - the cover has a toggle that unlatches in the back and it pivots on a hook at the top of the phone.  Take out the battery and to get your sim card in the phone, slide it VERTICALLY into the little area that looks like you should insert a memory card horizontally.  The guy at the ATT store had to show me how to do this.  Even my 13 year old could not figure it out -- which is generally not a good sign.I agree with other reviewers that the keyboard layout is awesome.  It makes the phone narrower than a BB and is easy to use.  The other trick I had to learn the hard way - is how to unlock the sucker after setting it up with no password.  you have to quickly press in sequence the bar above the green call button and then the function button near the lower left corner of the keyboard.  You can't hold one of the buttons down too long or it ignores you.  When the screen dims, I have a really hard time reading error messages and instructions on the screen.... hmmm.  again, a pain.However, the phone will let you set font size, background color and there is a plethera of pleasing ringtones.  If only the applications were as abundant.I chose this phone because of the wi-fi capabilities.  I do not have a data plan, don't want a data plan, but do need the calendar and email functions.  I can sync and read email at any starbucks and still avoid the overpriced ATT data service.If you still think this is a US phone, read the manual and screen where it instructs you to hold the space bar down for 2-3 seconds to use the phone as a torch (flashlight).  I have actually found this functionality to be VERY useful and even when you don't charge your phone for 3 - 4 days, it will still light up like a beacon in the dark.  Try going 24 hours without charging your  BB bold!bottom line, I would buy it again for the wi-fi and great sound transmission (both out and in).  I love the size, but wish it came with useful user docs.

Phone works well ,I have always owned nokia products ,this is the first smart phone & it did not dissapoint!

I love Nokia products, bought mine about six months ago, love it so much, I order this one for the wife. Nothing against Blackberry but give me my Nokia.

This is one of the best phones i've ever had.  I love nokia anyway. I've had it for over 6 months and I can't say enough about the battery life.  AMAZING! Love that I can use any set of headphones with this phone.  Great call quality, great pictures, video, voice recording, you can use songs that you send to your phone as the ring tone, great speakerphone quality, great alarm clock, etc.The ONLY thing I don't like is the little piece that covers the headphone jack.  Its not connected so once you take it off, you have a good chance of losing it...like I already did. lol.  That's the only complaint I have about the phone.  Never had problems with it.  The fact that i've kept it for over 6 months should say something being that I'm obsessed with phones and normally get one every 3.Who can complain about the price???  Its excellent for all the phone offers. Normally, it would be about $300 or higher if it was any other unlocked phone.

I highly recommend this product for people who are looking for the most affordable,practical smart phone.This product is loaded with  lots of features. It may not be the best phone but for its price and practicality,you cannot go wrong with this phone.

I have not yet activated this phone so I cannot say anything about its quality for phone calls, but I can make a few other comments.  For me, learning how to negotiate the menus has been difficult, and Nokia's online help is not much better.  I have used the Wi Fi, but for me the keyboard is too small and responding to an email was very clumsy and slow.  This is the only phone that I have owned that has a keyboard, so I really cannot compare it, but I suspect that it is no worse than the others.  It does not compare with the Iphone, but there is also no comparison in price and I love the fact that it is unlocked and that I will be paying on average one tenth of what I am currently paying to Sprint with a pay as you go plan, but that is because I use a cell phone only for emergencies and travel.  Travel is the other advantage of this phone, the four frequencies allow you to use it overseas, again at a huge savings over what you would have to pay to AT&T if you tried to do that with an Iphone.  If you are interested in cost savings, do not buy accessories from Nokia.  I found a San Disk 8GB memory card at Amazon for about half the price of Nokia's card, and a mini USB Nokia compatible cable from Amazon that is a fraction of the cost of the one from Nokia

Firstly, had no problems with order, free super saver delivery, ordered the phone on december 25th and got it on the 30th!!Phone was above expectations. have the simplest of plans with a company called O2 wireless which is a simple pay as you go service which doesnt support data service - but heck who needs it when you have wifi! Its so fast! Today I even installed an app where you link your home computer to your phone - following the simplest process EVER - free service for one year!  I could get into my documents, view my desktop, view picts and music save on my computer which i could download to my phone!!The buttons may look small and put you off but they are soooo text-friendly! The phone might only have a 2mp camera but it has a flash and the resolution is superb. So don't let the 2mp camera put you off compared to a phone with a 3mp camera you can barely notice the difference.  Record up to 1hr video~! You can even use the flash as an actual flashlight, and it in the dark it is really bright, simply hold the space bar down and there you go!You can download nokia apps for free, voice recognition, have not time? simply hold down the shift key and say "note to self,remember pick up milk" - and it types it out for you and saves it in your to do list!The phone has a voice aid, are you too busy to stop, simply select "listen" and the phone will read out your text message, you can alter the speed in which the voice reads it back to you, you can even chose a male or female voice!You can access multiple areas of your phone at the same time without losing any date - on the web and need to send a text message, at the touch of a button text and then go back to where you left off on the web!This is just a few of the things you can do with the phone. Set up your email on it and it will even alert you when you get an email.The phone does not look cheap, it is of high quality, the rubbery feel to the back makes it easy to grip in your hand. The glossy look to the front make is look like an expensive smartphone.Its hard to believe that an unlocked device with so many capabilities is such an fantastic price!  Nice one nokia - thank you!

Initially I had bought one of these for myself.  I refuse to pay $70+ for a data plan, so the WIFI on this phone is great.  I can connect to hotspots and send emails at no charge.  The keyboard is nice, even my fat fingers can hit the right keys 99% of the time.After 3 months the phone died.  I didn't drop it or do anything that would cause it to stop working.  Nokia tech support was awesome.  First, i could understand the person I spoke with.  There was no problem with the return; they asked "did you drop it?", "did it get submerged?"; when I replied no, they took my information.  Second, they sent a call tag so that I didn't have to pay to ship it back to them (Western Digital could learn something from them).  Third, I received the phone back in about 10 days and it has been working fine for the past 6 months.I liked it so much that I bought my wife one in red.  She also loves the phone.It has a really handy "flashlight" function.  If you hold the [__] key down, it turns the camera flash on so you can use it like a flashlight.  The pictures it takes are not the greatest.  It can also take movies, which is fun.I highly recommend not only this phone, but Nokia in general.

this was my first smartphone, it's cheap, and have all the apps you need... the battery time least like a week, but i would like to have a phone with more multimedia apps, off course, I knew it was a serious phone... have a good procesing speed and the sound it's loud... it's a good phone!!!

Ordered the unlocked phone for my wife so we could use it on Consumer Cellular. I put in the SIM chip from her tempory phone and was instantly on our Cell providers network which is essentially AT&T. Phone is great, has some very good feature, especially the WIFI which my wife can use at home to get her email. We did not get Web access because we wanted to cut down on our cell expenses. The phone works excellent. The setup was a little tricky for the email, but manageable. The really tricky part was to enable the print feature to our wifi HP printer from the phone. After many different setups, I was finally able to make it work. The key was to assign the socket protocol instead of the hp wireless protocol. Very pleased with the phone as well as our provider Consumer Cellular.

Love this phone!  I tried Blackberrys and another style "smart phone" and they didn't come close to providing what I wanted in a phone.  Easy to use, love the keyboard, fits in my pocket, sturdy and nice looking. Price was right and didn't have to sign a 2 year contract to use it.

Pros:*Great screen resolution*Awesome keyboard, very easy to type. Much better than the Blackberry Curve. Similar to the BOLD.*Phone reception is very good no issues at all. I think I get a stronger 3G signal than my IPhone 3G*As far as Data I use this phone with WI-FI only, and it has a great inbuilt tool that always asks which way you want to connect to the net. I can also set certain applications to use WI-FI by default so I done have to worry about accidentally using the data service. The WI-FI connectivity is great.*Web browser is one of the best I have used. The IPhone browser is obviously better because of the screen size and the touch user interface. But the S60 browser is far better than the windows mobile or blackberry browsers. It even executes flash pages, YouTube mobile and many other flash oriented website.*The email capabilities are amazing, Very easy to set up. I was able to access exchange email (via push) and Gmail without any issues at all. Nokia has some sort of trial email application [...] which works amazing well. I am able to use Gmail with push capability. That's something even the IPhone can't do yet. However this service is in beta and may be costly down the road. It rendered HTML emails perfectly.*Attachments were easy to open and view. However quick office requires a 19.00 update to open the new MS Office 2007 file formats.*I use Google for calendaring and contacts. Thanks to Google enabling Microsoft ActiveSync technology for its calendar and contacts applications I am able to sync real time. [...]*As far listening to music the phone works quite well. It is obviously not even close to the I-Phone. If media is your primary requirement this particular model will be slightly disappointing. However I was able to transfer play list from I-tunes to the Nokia Music Desktop software and Sync the play lists with the phone [...] . The external speakers on the phone produce a crisp sound, better than the external speakers of the IPhone but not as good as the Blackberry Bold. Via headphones the sound was quite good. I was able to browse the music by play list, Artist, Album etc. I would say the music playback capability was as good as the blackberries with media Sync.*I have not tried the video playback capabilities.*The camera on the phone is quite adequate, and it has a flash that is amazingly bright. Be sure not flash someone in the eye as its blinding at a close range.  I was able to take pictures and email as attachments and MMS them to my contacts without any issues.  I felt the picture quality was as good as the IPhone. With the added bonus of a flash. The Video capability was decent and worked well.  Nothing to write home about, but a cool feature to have.*Files on OVI. Yes it is possible to install a desktop application called Files on OVI and access desktop files via the phone. It works well and setup was a breeze. Cool feature to have. But I did notice my desktop acting slightly slow and decided to uninstall it. But this is most likely a unique issue related to my desktop.*The battery life was better than average no issues at all with heavy use. Three times better than the IPhone 3G*It has an App store which is interesting and shows a lot of potential. I found many useful apps for free. (Nibmuzz, Bloomberg etc)Cons:*The lack of the side volume toggle is annoying. Mostly when trying to adjust the volume while listing to music and when trying to turn off the ringer when the phone is in the pocket.*The User Interface is a little dated and does not feel very user friendly. The menu system is extensive but a little annoying at times as it requires multiple clicks to get simple things done.*No USB data cable, memory card or out of the box compatibility for MS Office 2007 files formats. These upgrades cost me $46.00 (8GB Micro SDHC).This is a great phone for the price. I am a smart phone power user and have used Blackberries, IPhone and Windows mobile. I love what this phone can do out of the box. It is really a little gem. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who does not want to sign or extend their contracts and does not need IPod like media capabilities.  The lack of a volume toggle is not a deal breaker in my books. The rubberized plastic exterior is great and has a slight grip to it. I can't imagine how uncomfortable the Nokia E71 must feel in the hand with its metal exterior. Metal sounds cool and fancy but its slippery and gets cold. Hope this review helps!!07/01/2010The phone is still working well. However I think I may need to buy a new battery for it. I also downloaded the official skype app from [...] on to the phone. I am able to use skype just as I would on my iPhone 3G. Please keep in mind that I don't think the Nokia e63 is in anyway better than the iPhone 3G. It just so happens that I have both phones at the moment and I am able to review them side by side.I was also able to use [...] and stream iTunes playlist from my desktop to my Nokia e63. &lt; On your Orb PC, click Start > Run* type regedit (Disclaimer: Use the Registry Editor at your own risk) > In HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Orb Networks\Orb\Config doubleclick on "app.iTunes.enabled" > In the pop up change the Value data to "true" > Close the Registry Editor > Restart Orb > Now login again to view the itunes playlists on the UI.>

Bottom line, this is a great phone. It works well, the battery lasts a long time, and I dropped it my first week owning it and I haven't had any problems, so it's durable too. In a way, it's effectively Nokia's version of the Blackberry and it's very business oriented, which isn't really what I was looking for in a phone, but I like the size, the keyboard, and the long battery life, which is why I bought it in the first place. Plus, I like that it's red. There aren't really any games on the phone, but it's a 3G so if you're using the internet, that's not an issue. The home screen, and actually most of the screens, favor function over style so don't expect too many fancy graphics, the camera takes a decent picture, but nothing special.  It's a really good phone, it works very well, and it's not too hard on the eyes. Overall, I'd definitely recommend it.

All the features of this mobile are exellent except music player, the quality of the music is equal to old cassette player.

very reliable phone ,solid and works well , my wife loved this phone , i guess it is a bit too late to review this at this time, but i am reviewing it anyway.

If you want this phone because of the supposed IMAP client, you might be disappointed.  There are other problems too, but I'll start with the long one.If you have it already, and set up your email by following all of the menu prompts, you might like it just fine without realizing what it is actually doing.The way life ought to work, and does on other phones:If you have an IMAP email phone, and an email service which supports IMAP, you get free "push" email (instant delivery, not waiting for the next dial-up) with no extra charge beyond your data plan.  Very simple.Nokia doesn't seem to care.  There is an option for email alerts, but it doesn't seem to actually work unless you agree to the terms of their new "Nokia Messaging" service.  Instead of the phone connecting directly with your email provider (eg, GMail), the phone installs the Nokia application which connects with Nokia's server, and that server at Nokia is actually connected with your email provider.  Not only is this a ghetto work-around, but if you read the terms of the service, it is only free until Nokia decides they are done "testing" it and want to charge you money.So you might be happily using what you think is IMAP push email on this phone, and for all we know it could stop working next month and Nokia could demand that you pay their subscription fee... for something which ought to just work anyway.No pretend that this doesn't matter to you, or you think I am nuts, etc.  On to the next problem.If your email provider has IMAP available, the phone will not allow you to set it to download whole email messages.  The setting option which allows either "headers only" or header+body when you use POP3 is neutered when you have an IMAP server address, and the only option is headers only.  So if you look at your phone and see several new emails, every time you click on it you have to wait for it to connect and load the email.  My SonyEricsson w595 is not so stupid.  I have instant IMAP delivery, and get the body text automatically.So forget about the email client, what about other Internet applications?Here's two problems with that stuff:1. You can't turn off the menu option which stupidly asks if you really want to allow a web browser to access the Internet... every single time you use it.  Other phones at least skip this if you installed a signed application (eg, Opera or Bolt browsers).  The popup has no "never ask" option, and there is no setting for it from the application manager either.  Only Nokia's own browser is exempt.2. The fancy e63 also lets you select an "access point" every time you do something which requires Internet access.  This would be a great feature if you use both WiFi and cellular, and want to switch back and forth all the time.  But it's a total annoyance if you don't.  The e63 lets you turn this "feature" off for its own web browser, but it still does it for everything else.  Google maps, Bolt browser, GMail application... every one makes you select the access point every time you use it.

We have been using this Nokia phone for about 6 weeks now, and it's been very solid.  The keyboard is good and the screen is nice.  Reception has been good and the so far the battery easily lasts 2-3 days.  The camera takes good pictures (when there's plenty of light), but there is a slight delay between pushing the button and capturing the image.  The only negative is the poor software that Nokia provides to connect the phone with your computer (for syncing contacts/calendars and transferring other info between the phone and PC).  It's not easy to use and seems to be very tempermental.  If you do not need to connect your phone to your computer then I highly recommend this one - if you do, make sure you have a techie-friend standing by...

I am pleased with the Nokia E63-2 phone.  Some of the features that I like are 1) volume control for phone calls so you can make up for a weak signal, 2) a place to install a micro SD Card in the phone - I added 8 GB of memory with the add-on card, 3) ability to surf the Internet free using Wi-Fi, 4) a "quick office" program to keep a written log or create a text file for any purpose, and  5) No problem in using my Cingular Pay-as-You-Go Card in this phone.  I love the full key board and how easy it is to make phone calls.  You can surf the Internet and get your e-mail using the regular Internet and not just the mobile phone Internet.  The one criticism that I do have is that the camera could be better.  One of the older cameras that I have is a 2 mega pixel camera, which is what this phone has - a 2 mega-pixel camera.  However, the phone's camera has to be held absolutely still or you get blurry pictures unlike my old Canon Digital Elf.  Also, I figured out how to download pictures to my computer using the special accessory USB wire that I purchased separately, but I have not successfully attached pictures to my regular e-mail sent from my phone (such as AOL, Yahoo, and Earthlink.)  I think if I used the proprietary Nokia e-mail program that I might be able to upload pictures with e-mail.  I would buy this unlocked cell phone again.  I still spend less than $25 a month on cell phone service, and this gives me Internet capability without any additional cost - you just have to find a free Wi-Fi close to the phone, and it works like a charm.

If you're looking for a phone that will do everything and be beautiful doing it, look elsewhere.  If you want a phone that has a tremendously large app store (Ovi Store for this phone), this ain't your phone.  If you want a smartphone that is (relatively) easy on battery, is relatively easy to use, and can do virtually everything the iPhone/Android phones can and quite possibly more, this is your phone.PROSFunctionality wise, Symbian S60 is a feature complete OS.  Copy & paste, FULL multitasking (not the "pause an application in the background" like iPhone OS will), application installs from outside the app store (in other words, if I find the install file on the internet, I can install it), etc, etc.Battery life is better than most smartphones I've used, but virtually all smartphones will lag behind feature phones or "dumbphones".  With this phone I'll get a full day if I'm using Emoze, my push email client, and if I close that I can get a day and a half off of a charge.  And this is with heavy use (downloading things in the background, playing music, sending and receiving 100 or so text messages; obviously not all at once).I love the fact that there is a hardware keyboard, and while I prefer the landscape keyboards many slider phones have (like theNokia E75 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, Media Player, and 4 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver Black)) I'll take this phone's portrait keyboard over no keyboard at all.  And while on the topic of the keyboard, its fantastic.  Unlike some phones I've laid hands on where the keys were "mushy" and generally didn't provide good tactile response, with the E63 when you press a key, you know you've pressed it.  When you initially get the phone there's a coating on the keys that I've either gotten used to, or has just worn off.  It feels funny at first, but it isn't a "bad" funny, its just different.The screen is a traditional Nokia screen.  Meaning you will be able to see this thing quite easily in sunlight.  There's never been a situation where I've been unable to view the screen or even struggled to see the screen.  I wish there was some way to manually control the backlight though.  If I need to view my phone in the middle of the night, its FAR too bright.  If you want to check the time in the middle of the night and you normally use your phone for this, you may want to invest in an alarm clock or something.Build quality is again typical Nokia.  This thing is solid.  It has weight to it, but it isn't heavy, it just feels solid in the hand.  I have a silicon case on it to improve grip (I drop phones often) and it dramatically takes away from the feel of the phone.  This thing just feels good in the hand.  Its plastic, but it isn't a cheap plastic.  Worst case scenario, if you feel the plastic on the phone is too low grade, buy an Otterbox Impact like I did.  Three times dropping it onto concrete from about 3-4 feet, and the case still looks brand new.Another feature I find extremely useful is the clock displays when the backlight is off.  When you leave your phone alone, there is a bar that pops up and displays the time, date, and the profile setting as well as the number of missed calls, and text messages.  I'm not sure if it handles email messages as well because I don't use the built in email client.  Pretty basic, but not having to search around to find the time is useful.  The bar is large and relatively easy to view, though you will need some light to do so.  If you have enough light for book reading, you'll probably be able to see the information.There's a light between the D-pad and the center button.  Its a notification light.  It stays on solid or blinks at you.  Not tremendously important, but it's a nice touch.I suggest setting up a lock code and the remote lock feature.  If you ever lose your phone, you may not get it back, but you will be able to prevent the thief from accessing your phone's data (calendar info, documents, contacts, etc.).  The remote lock is activated by sending a text message to the phone.  You set up a specific phrase, and whenever the phone receives that message, it will lock itself.  The phone also locks itself at boot, so a restart won't unlock it.There's a music player.  It isn't the best, and it isn't iPhone quality, but it exists.  I use my phone as my mp3 player because while I'm moving around I'm not that concerned with sound quality.  If I were going on a road trip or hanging around the house, I'd use the dedicated mp3 player.  If you plan on using your E63 as an audio player, invest in a micro-SD card.  There is next to no built-in storage.If you are a person that likes podcasts, get the RSS feed link.  This phone will download them using either WiFi or your wireless data connection if you want it to.  Again, invest in a SD card.  You can't even store a single podcast on the phone.CONSOne way in which I can fault the phone OS wise is the lack of threaded messaging.  That can be "fixed" with an application (let's see the iPhone do that), but if you want the full version of the application, you'll have to pay for it.Now like I said, S60 is not a very pretty OS.  Generally speaking, there aren't nice animations when you transition between windows and what not, and fonts look a little...off.  I'm assuming it has to do with a combo of too low a resolution and/or a lack of sub-pixel rendering.  It's odd though because when viewing photos, everything looks fine.The lack of a pure black background is something that I hold against the phone, especially since there are many icons that utilize lighter colors, and the text is white.  You have your choice of blue, red, and "black" which is /almost/ black, but its' still kinda greyish.  To fix the issue I just opened paint made my canvas the size of the screen resolution, and filled it black.  Again, you may not find an issue with this, but for me, it was a biggie.The beeping you get on the phone when you press buttons is highly annoying.  There is no need for the phone to beep every time I press a button on the keyboard, especially when I'm in an input field.Notifications are intrusive, but if you like the iPhone's method, you'll be right at home.  If you come from WebOS (Palm Pre/Pixi) or Android (Moto Droid, Cliq, or any of the other several Android based phones) and like/have gotten used to they way notifications are handled there, this phone will irritate you. Every time something happens, the traditional Nokia notification bar pops up interrupting whatever it is you were doing. Annoying.Invest in a micro-SD card.  This phone has a ridiculously small amount of built-in storage.  You WILL run out, and it WILL happen far faster than you think.  Even if you only buy a card that's 1 gigabyte, you'll be in good shape.The camera sucks.  It sucks worse than any cell phone camera I've ever seen.  Unless you are in absolutely AWESOME lighting, the picture WILL come out with a tremendous amount of noise.CONCLUSION:This phone is great.  I bought it as a temporary phone so I could bridge the gap between my iPhone (original model) and my next phone (probably something Android).  For the price, this phone is hard to beat.  If I had to buy again, would I?  Probably not.  I'd probably step up to the E72 or the E75.  They have GPS (Nokia provides free navigation), a better camera, and are made of metal, not plastic.  Is that worth another $150?  That's for you to decide.

I'm always impressed with Nokia.  This phone is very durable, reliable and attractive.  I would buy another one any time.

Very good phone. Good price, no contract. I was looking at buying e71, but don't regret geting this cheaper model. Don't miss the touch screen. Great for texting, personal e-mail, calander and to do list. Very happy with the perchase.

I purchased this phone about a month ago and I love it!  I have T-mobile and am always able to get a good signal on it even in the basement where I work. The battery life is great, even listening to music all day. I did not have a qwerty keyboard on my previous ph and love it!  The only problem seems to be finding info if you have a problem. When I first tried to listen to music with my headset, I could only get the radio. The music I had downloaded and phone calls would not come thru my headset. Then it occurred to me that this ph is a little computer. So I turned it off, plugged in the headset and turned it back on. It has worked fine ever since, I guess it just had to recognize the new hardware. The same worked when I got the message that my memory was full and I could not receive anymore messages or read the new texts that I had. Just rebooted and I was good to go. I love the switch feature. I have been using the WiFi as I do not want to pay extra for web service and I am most usually near a wireless signal. Works great and I have had no problems. I am probably going to buy a blue or black one for my boyfriend for Christmas. This is a good phone for the money. Several of my friends have Blackberrys and my phone seems to work better and have more features. SO glad I got it instead of a Blackberry!

Had done an enormous amount of research on this phone before buying it finally. Have used it only for about a day but quite disappointed on the interface part. Would summarize my experience based on what i've used/covered -Pros:-1. Quite feature rich, has number of useful utilities.2. Looks good, not that bulky, nice screen and more importantly excellent keys giving tactile feeling.3. Didn't make/receive too many calls but with the few odd calls, no problem whatsoever. Good signal strength and call quality.4. Was more concerned about music quality as most of the reviews for this phone in that area was quite average. Surprisingly it turned out to be quite good, more or less equal/better than the SE phones that i had. Had a basic Lenntek headset ($20) from Costco and it rendered the songs beautifully. Some of the very songs had a hissing noise in my SE phone. Just don't use the headset that comes with it, it's just a joke they it included with the package.5. Wifi works great.Cons:-1. The biggest and by far the only reason if i ever choose to return the phone would be the user interface. I'm quite conversant with tech stuff and had a tough time getting used to the interface. Very badly designed i think. Editing contacts in the phone was a nightmare, ultimately went with the PC suite[...] which was a saving grace. Maybe it was my mistake that i didn't use it earlier. But the menus by itself was like a maze with too many navigations needed at times. Maybe i should spend more time with the phone. And I think here's where Apple has been phenomenally successful. I think Nokia design team should definitely get back to the drawing board and do something about the UI.2. Still haven't got my Jabra bluetooth connected though it was a breeze connecting to the SE phone. Maybe more googling needed :-(3. Was little unhappy with the speed/stability given the fact many had given great reviews about it. Found it quite slow at times and unresponsive for some time before it came back again, though no crash yet.4. As mentioned by many reviewers found vibrating alert to be weak.If not for the UI, this phone is a really good piece with the features that it has, but sadly the interface is the key thing when it comes to a smartphone/PDA.UPDATE: Well over 3 months into this phone and i can say without battling an eyelid, even if someone were to offer this phone for free, i wouldn't take it.1. Slowest possible device ever. I agree with the person who said it takes more than a second to pause while listening to songs. Can't believe this piece of junk. Never in my life will i look at something that's symbian based or is it a Nokia issue, i might never know.2. WLAN automatically connects of it's own. I never could figure out why, i don't see any place where i said to connect of it's own. And when i do try to connect it never gets connected even within full signal range.3. More than 2 months and no rebate yet.4. Weakest vibrating alert ever among all phones. I've lost count on how many calls i've missed while it was on vibrating alert. Sorely horrible.Sure it does have lots of features but what good are those when the phone is such killing slow. I feel lucky i didn't go for E71 which is what i was looking for earlier, saved couple of hundred bucks there.If you have all the time in the world to invest on this phone and are not concerned about the performance you can go for it, else try Blackberry or iphone ( though i don't have either of them ). My basic SE phone was much better than this paperweight. And to top it all can't even remove one star or two from the 4 that i gave earlier :-(

when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waitng for. and i am to say it is still work up to know. cause i did resell it to a relative who still uses it alot. only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor.

I've bought this phone a month ago and it's really cool...Very useful...Hope you can buy one too and try it...

I love this phone. It's a great price and you've heard this 1000 times already. I would just like to warn that Ovi the app store while decent, cannot compare to either Apple or Droid's store. You won't be able to use Pandora and other great apps that those stores have so do your research if you need those applications.With regards to the internet, I am able to use the basic ATT 15 dollar unlimited plan even though this is 3G enabled which is great although that might be a fluke but who knows.This phone has good call quality, I would say better than the Iphone in that regard as well. It has a qwerty keypad so the screen is smaller when you web browse but no matter how good the touch screen is on the iphone, a keypad will always be faster with regards to typing speed and accuracy which is a nice plus.I bought this phone due to its price as well ability to go abroad with it. However, while it is unlocked, that does not mean that you have access to all the languages that Nokia offers. It turns out this phone being SOLD in the US does not carry chinese or any other languages. Because of this, I have to take a star off considering most phones like the Iphone which I also use does not require you to goto a nokia service center and pay for other languages.So overall it's a good phone but watch out if you need other langauge packs or if you are a app fiend becauase then this phone will not be able to satisfy all your needs.

Good phone for email and browsing. Lots of features for the price.If you like the latest, spend more $$$ and get newer model.

This is a great product. I am really enjoying my  e63 smart phone. I don't know anyone else that has a phone like this one so it's good to be the only one to have one. It is really a great phone.

I recently cracked the screen of my Crackberry and when that happens, the phone is totally gone... so I had to shop for something new.  I considered the iPhone, but didn't really want to pay for the plan that must be contracted with it since I have an old $19.99 t-mobile plan that I'm not sure I want to give up, even though t-mobile coverage sucks.  I also considered another BlackBerry, but every time I get a new phone I think about how much I loved my first few Nokia phones because they just make sense, they are simple to use and are just more logical than most of the other phones out there.  So... I found this E63 and read up on it.  It sounded good, but I was still a little worried that I'd be sorry if I got it.  I went to Best Buy to see if I could find one in person and it looked very nice, so I ordered it on Amazon (for about $100 less than other retailers!  yay!)I can't even express how happy I am with this phone.  It is sooooooooo much better than the BlackBerry!  It has just about every function you could wish for and is so easy to use and navigate.I was able to sync it easily with my Mac using Bluetooth - I was going to get a new cable to sync it that way, but found that it was very easy to do wirelessly.  I did have to look up how to get it to sync with Mac Entourage (Outlook) because it is only set up to sync with iCal, but it was easy to find the setup instructions and it worked without a glitch.  I love that it has FM radio because I can listen to music wherever I am, I can also surf the web without a data plan, which is super fantabulous!!!If you are looking for a new phone that can help you manage your life, I highly recommend the Nokia E63 - especially in Ruby Red because it's just beautiful!Oh, and I think the keypad is easier to use than the BB, the only strange thing is that the zero is not at the bottom of the number area like it usually would be, it is on the right side - but I haven't had trouble getting used to it at all (I thought I would).Oh, and one more thing... my crappy t-mobile coverage is MUCH improved... I don't know how, but I am getting higher signals everywhere and am able to use my phone in areas where I couldn't before - and not on other networks either (I checked by setting it to use only t-mobile for a while rather than picking up the stronger networks).

I have had this phone for 2-3 days. I am a very technical person.This phone is very well built mechanically. It's a slick package. The keyboard feels a little cheap but not so much that I wouldn't have bought the phone.However, the software is absolutely horrible. It really is a disgrace and someone in charge over at Nokia should be terminated. While trying to set up email, a wizard runs that is fixated on installing "Nokia Email" which is their new email manager that has lots of animated icons and also has push-technology. I didn't want this, because it hogs up resources and you have to provide your personal login information to Nokia's servers which then retrieve your mail and sends it to your phone. I just wanted to use the old-style simple built-in client. But NOOOOOOO, the wizard demands that you download and install the new software. It is well documented how to get around the wizard, which is to supply it with bogus server information, upon which the wizard balks and reverts to manual input of settings. I was able to use this method after much time wasting. The whole experience was ridiculous.You will like this phone if you are like me...(1) somewhat technically oriented(2) able to google for tips and workarounds(3) don't have a data plan and want to buy an unlocked phone(4) Want a basic good quality phone with the ability to occasionally go on line (using WiFi) to do web stuff or emailIf you are tech averse and you don't mind getting a locked phone that is committed to a data plan, I would get an iPhone or an Android phone, as the software has actually been given some consideration and has been reviewed by actual lay people instead of only in-house software people.

Hello I just want to say that I bought the Nokia E63 phone right here on Amazon and i must say it truly is amazing. Though some of the features are not yet available in Trinidad and Tobago, yet it is a good deal for the price. The Camera is perfect, the web browsing is pretty fast as compared to some other phones, yet in-spite of all the good there is only one bad thing though, the volume is relatively low. But again as I said it still is a good deal for the price.

I bought the E72 from Dell for $240 and I returned it immediately as I opened it up. I then bought this E63 from Amazon. The quality of the E63 is stunning and both phones have very similar performance specifications. I just love E63 soooooo much. I hope won;t discontinue this phone simply it has a new successor.

I recently acquired a couple of Nokia E63 phones and these are my observations so far:Pros* On Mac OS X transfers contacts and calendar through iSync using a plugin downloaded from Nokia* On Mac OS X transfers photos to iPhoto and music to iTunes through Nokia Multimedia Transfer downloaded from Nokia* On Mac OS X transfers both through bluetooth, and USB through USB-to-miniUSB cable using miniUSB-to-microUSB adapter OEM Motorola SKN6252* Uses microSDHC memory; tested using 8GB class 6* Includes FM radio, Internet streaming radio, and plays video and music (aac/mp3)Cons* Mac users, firmware updater only available for Windows* Built-in email program works only over packet radio (provider data plan)* E-mail over WiFi/LAN requires additional application download on the phone and an account with Nokia; setup WiFi access point on the phone first* Does not bundle data cableNote that if you are a techie the cons are minor.

This phone is amazing...almost like a blackberry....only thing i don't like about it is that you're not able to send contact info to anyone so you have to input all their info and send it in a text other then that I love this phone and it'll prob be the last that i would ever have to buy until something else BETTER comes out.....I love nokia's and this phone.....has everything I've always wanted in a phone...

I recently bought a nokia E63 an I can't complain about it. For an unlocked smart phone, this is good value for money.

I've had my Nokia E63 since May 2009 and overall my experiences have been positive.  The factors that led me to purchase this phone specifically were: my familiarity with the SymbianOS (I had an E62 previously), it was the least expensive Nokia phone (at the time) that offered WiFi capabilities, I wanted a QWERTY keyboard (I'm not ready for a touchscreen), and this phone could be used with regular mini-plug headphones (instead of having to purchase an adapter or special headset).Positive aspects, in no particular order:**Display and function keys are fully customizable.**  I can change the six application shortcuts that are displayed at the top of the active idle screen and I can change the four task buttons to the left and right of the directional pad.  **Unlocked, means my phone isn't crippled.**  Several carriers including my current AT&T; are in the habit of crippling their phones so a user cannot get the full functionality from their units.  I have full 3G speed (where available by reception), my phone's internet browser doesn't default to AT&T; pages and I don't have AT&T; applications installed by default that I can't remove.  **Applications are plentiful.**  There are some people that would lead others to believe the SymbianOS has no applications, and while it's true that the iPhone is the internet's current favorite phone, there is no lack of applications for S60 phones.  Several I would recommend getting (if you have an unlimited data plan) are: Google Maps (this app is able to triangulate my location based off the nearest reception tower and I use my phone as a GPS), Mobbler (streams music from Last.FM personalized internet radio service), SkyFire (almost the full functionality of a traditional internet browser), Nokia Email (much better email app versus default), Nokia Podcasting (it should be already installed, allowing users to download podcasts directly to there phone and play them.. invest in a MicroSD card), and finally, if you have a Google account, definitely go for Google Sync to sync contacts and calendar entries with your phone.  The service can update automagically and you can have your information on your phone plus Google.Negative aspects, in order of annoyance:**It's possible to overload the phones resources.**  Sometimes if I have too many apps open, then ask the phone to do something intensive [like open 'Conversation' (another app)], the phone will lock up and restart, this usually happens to me once every two weeks.  **Messaging app will not open text messages.**  Sometime after I installed 'Conversation', my phone stopped allowing me to view text message content from the default messaging application.  I can read text messages from the active idle notification or the Conversation app, but not in the default messaging application.  I can fix this by resetting the phone, but I don't want to lose all my apps and personalizations.  **The display font will mess up letters now and then**.  This sometimes happens after playing with display settings or installing new applications, all of a particular letter will disappear or display some of their lines as dots.  I've been able to fix this by going into the display settings and changing the font size and saving the setting, then going back to the previous setting.Once again, I've had mostly positive experiences with this phone.  For me, the positives out-weigh the negatives, I would still recommend this phone and I'm still invested in Nokia products; the next phone I want is a N97.

I've had this phone for 4 years and while my friends have changed Blackberry's, iPhones and Samsungs year in year out, this has been glitch free all this time. I've not even had to replace my battery yet! It's fallen on every conceivable surface (concrete, wood and tile) and it's still fine. I find that it's a little slow but that is because of the amount of information that I have stored on it.Otherwise, I love Nokia and trust their products.

Got this when it was on sale but now i have a issue with the email i cannot connect with my house wifi to gmail account,i am not sure why.But other than that it's a great phone for the price.
