
As many other raters have stated the features of this phone are excellent.  However, the assembly quality is questionable.  I purchased two of these phones both of which have dust & blemishes on the underside of the screen/faceplate which appear as dead pixels or black specks on the screen.  One of the units is so bad that I am returning it for a new exchange since I really like the phone.  Amazon.com has been very cooperative and is expediting the exchange.  Hopefully, the new phone will not have the dust and/or blemishes like the first phone.  I upgraded to the E72 from the E71 which I also purchased from Amazon.com.  The E71 was blemish free.Update:I received my replacement unit yesterday.  I am pleased to report that this unit although not perfect, is much better than the original unit.Update:The replacement unit performed flawlessly for the first four weeks after I received it.  It is now shutting off on its own and the screen displays a bright red spot when you unlock the keypad and the display starts to return from power saving mode.  I've had this phone seven (7) days beyond the eligible return window so I can't return it for a replacement.  I would not recommend purchasing this phone.  As a result I have changed my rating to one (1) star.  I should have kept my E71.

I thought the Nokia E71 was a good phone, the E72 is perfection.I would highly recommend it

I got the E72 after using the E51 and then the E71 for almost 2 years.  I had read the negative reviews about the E72 but considered myself to be comfortable enough with the OS to be able to make the device work for me.For me, what set the E71 apart from the rest of the pack (the iPhone, Blackberry, etc) was the flexibility in managing the messaging.  Setting up email and ActiveSync was a breeze on the E71 and it worked flawlessly every time.  The keyboard was as good as I wanted it to be and with the right apps downloaded on the phone, my experience was fantastic.  It has been, by far and away, the best phone I have ever used.  Nokia totally and utterly messed up the messaging aspect with their Nokia Messaging utility in the phone.  After trying to set up things for several hours, I gave up.  For the life of me, I cannot figure out why you would have a folder called "Email" and a different folder called "Messaging".  When I go to the Inbox in Messaging, it tells me that I have no mailbox configured after I just spent an hour dancing around the bugs in Nokia Messaging to set up my work email and Gmail.  The email shortcut key defaults to the "Messaging" Inbox - I know I can set it up to do whatever I want, but why?I give it 2 stars simply because of the front facing camera functionality - it works like a charm with fring.  But I was truly disappointed with this phone and I had such high expectations.  I returned it after keeping it for exactly 24 hours.

After only 10 months using the cellphone and has already accumulated many problems in it.The keyboard just stopped working several keys and has been in a hell in my day to day to send messages to my contacts. This operating system that has on this phone it sucks, I installed some basic programs and not even that it has run correctly.The only thing that i like is the ALARM SET.I thought it was a good phone.

I don't know what other people are talking about. But I just got my E72 in the mail yesterday, and set it all up, and finally got all the settings how I like it. And boy does this phone outperform ANY phone I have had. I installed iSMS for texting, the amazing new you tube application from the ovi store (looks better than any mobile you tube I've seen, even the iPhone), agile messenger and nimbuzz for IM, google maps, tweets60, JoikuSpot for tethering through WiFi!, S60Bible with ESV, DivX Player, FreeUnRAR, SIC! FTP, Calcium (Better Calculator), and of course Opera Mini for those times you just need it. I'm loving this phone, and best of all, it has a SUPER good quality Camera, it takes wonderful pictures with it's built-in auto focus! I was using the E75 for awhile and when I went to the E71... I was VERY disappointed, so I'm definitely glad to get a awesome camera back!Don't hesitate, buy today!Sign Free iSMS at OPDA.CN-------N. Maniscalco states that the browser doesn't do multiple pages, but it does, you can do up to different pages at a time.He also states that you can't select multiple messages to delete... well all you have to do is hold down the "shift button" the button that makes a letter capital, and then push up or down on the D-Pad, once you select a bunch you can stop skip one if need and then continue. VERY easy.Don't listen to people who don't KNOW symbian OS. Until you learn all the ins and outs, you'll never see how good a phone is. There are no ins and outs of other phones too simple like the iPhone, it's just too basic.

This was exactly the cell phone I was looking for.Easy to use, with all the features, great camera, good with the internet connection

Coming from a Windows mobile phone (HTC tilt), I love this phone. I have been considering the Tilt2, but wanted to try something other than a WinMo (I didn't find myself using a lot of WinMo features/apps that called for another similar one). iPhone was out of question as I wanted tethering, better battery life and dedicated keyboard. I have been using it for 3 weeks now and liking it more day by day. Few things before moving to Pros and Cons of the phone - This phone is not for people that like simplicity of touch screen phones (like iPhone). There is a learning curve in using this phone's features and the shortcut keys. But, imo once familiar with the functions/shortcuts one can do things a lot faster than a touch screen phone.Pros****1. Looks sleek and professional. Call quality is excellent and plenty loud.2. Keyboard feels very good even though the keys are slightly smaller. They have a nice feedback when pressed.3. Shortcut keys! There are quite a few shortcut keys on QWERTY keyboard to control phone functions and inside applications. While this feature has a learning curve, I found it very useful once learned.4. Snappy performance. Very fast and responsive.5. OVI MAPS for Free! - this is simply awesome. Now you can have a GPS with maps for as many countries as you need, for free!. Below is a mini review for this feature to explain it better.a. The GPS locks on the position very fast while using A-GPS. Most of the time within 10-15 sec I have a lock on the signal.b. GPS interface is very good and user friendly (I have used the latest Garmin and Magellan).c. Features include lane assistance, auto zoom in/out based on turns/directions, voice guidance, Speedometer, 2D/3D maps, route overview etc.d. The map size while getting driving direction is a bit smaller on E72, due to smaller screen. Pretty much only 2x2 inch space is used to show themap and rest is used for other information. It might look better on Nokias with larger touch screens. In spite of this, the auto zoom in/out makes iteasier to view the map details.e. I compared it side by side with my Magellan and found it to be pretty accurate. E72 was faster in getting the signals (perhaps due to A-GPS)6. Wifi - Works wonderfully and connects to my home network with WPA2 security without any problems. Once connected, I can turn off scanning to save battery Life7. Screen is very bright and readable in direct sunlight.8. Battery life - I can wait for 3 days (may be 4 if I wait for the phone to die on me) before I have to connect it to charger. I use Push emails (18 hrs a day) and stay connected to my home wireless network most of the time and occasional use of phone for talking. Even with heavy use I expect it to last at least for 2 days.9. 3.5mm headphone jack10. Comes with a 4GB micro SD card.11. Decent 5MP camera and nice outdoor photo quality. Indoor photos are just OK (most cellphone cameras are the same).Cons****1. Screen resolution is not great when compared other similar type phones (E.g. Blackberry bold). Would have been nice to have higher resolution on such a bright screen2. Speaker phone volume is not loud enough3. Mail for Exchange - The version on phone is not bad, but it could be better. This is the only application that runs slow on this phone. It takes good few secs for it to open a mail. As it does not load the mail in HTML format automatically, the readability suffers. I had to scroll 2-3 pages to read a few liner mails. Got Roadsync (version 5) for discounted price from OVI store and loving it. It addresses all the problems with Mail for Exchange.4. Optical trackpad is not very useful (even after setting sensitivity to high). I found using the D-pad quicker.5. Micro USB connector and shortest cable - the USB cable that came in the box is approx 7inch long. For such highly priced phone it would have been nice if Nokia included a good quality longer cable. Also, I would have preferred a Mini USB instead of Micro. Micro USB feels a bit fragile and I feel like I might break it if I'm a bit careless when connecting. Perhaps, the thinner case was a limitation to include a mini USB.The phone crashed only once till date and that was when using the Mail for Exchange. I blame it on the application for the crash and not the S60 platform. Browsing experience is not as great a touch screen phone/phone with larger screen. But, there is always a compromise on size vs. features.

I've been using Windows Mobile with an HTC unit for a while and I decided to give this phone a try (I was also tired of the many issues that Win Mobile has, and the many OS re-installations I had to go through with my old phone to get a nice & stable version).My first impressions with this phone: out of the box it looks very nice, very attractive and elegant look, similar to a Blackberry. It comes pre-charged but I immediately plugged it in to the wall just in case. It looked to me that it doesn't take much time for the battery to get full charge now that I've been using it for like a month, it is really fast when connected to a wall charger. It comes with a nice Nokia pouch. The USB cable is pretty small (about the length of a pen) which is not very useful. Also, don't believe what Amazon says about what's in the box. It says it comes with a Nokia navigation kit, which I didn't get. Bad for Amazon.On to the review of key features:** Connectivy: no issues on an international 850MHz 3G network (I live in Costa Rica). I've tested GSM as well with no issues. Push email working fine with work email accounts and personal ones. However, one day my personal inboxes just dissapeared without a reason so I had to reconfigure them. Very strange. Yahoo email will never work.** GPS: I haven't used it much but I do have Garmin Mobile XT installed with no issues. It takes a while to find satellites but I guess this is normal in smartphones.** Keys: Some users are right. It's kinda hard to text using just one hand to hold the phone at the same time. Keys might be too small for people with big fingers.** OS: not very stable. Whenever I want to switch personal and business profiles it hangs and I have to restart the phone. Sometimes it reboots itself out of nowhere.** Camera: very nice, pictures are really decent, as expected for a 5M camera. However, there's no way to turn off the shutter sound or the flash. Front camera comes with much less resolution. For those who want a very clear and sharp image for video calls, you will not get it with this phone. Video works really well but again it is very noticeable by others if you're recording a video (there's a sound to start/stop the camera which can't be turned off and a red light in the back of the phone).** Bluetooth: I use Bluetooth with my laptop at work all the time in parallel with my bluetooth headset, so it works real nice.** Power: I don't have to charge this phone every night like my old HTC!! It takes 3 full days for my battery to need a recharge and I use Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and calls regularly through the day. This is a very nice feature in this unit.** Wi-Fi: hard to drop a connection so far. Very stable and fast.** Applications: they do the necessary job. There are some very useful apps in the Ovi store. PC applications to use with the phone are easy to use.In general I'm not completely satisfied with my purchase, but I do like the phone, that's why I rate it 4 stars. I mean probably sometime in the future I'll switch to a better unit, unless Nokia releases a new Symbian version with many of its bugs fixed, but this is one of the best mobile phones I've owned.

Best Handset ever from Nokia !!!! I really love this phone very much!!! This is a must have for Nokia lovers!

Good AfternoonThis is to consult on the warranty of this phone since I bought it with you and Im having problems like it goes on and off just as well you're listening to music and listen very hard first and then you just lower the volume.In this case what is the procedure to follow.Thanks for your help

This is not a multimedia phone. Music playback is much better on the E71. However, the e72 has a faster processor for web surfing and a more beautiful screen. Otherwise the two phones are about the same: Crystal clear reception and quick Email retrieval (I use Fastmail). Battery life is great. The speakerphone could be louder, but I rarely use that feature. The e72 has a 5 MP camera. I love the qwerty Keyboard; it's very simple to use. I'm a fan of Symbian and find it easy to operate. As long as my calls are clear and my web surfing is fast, I like my phone, if I get my Emails fast.

I've owned an E71 and then got this E72. Well, bad move. E72 does have some better functions than E71, but overall, it's a downgrade not an upgrade. I'm really disappointed with the greedy Nokia corporation!!! Most of the E72's made of black, cheap plastic. Sighs. Moreover, the E71's mostly made in Finland while this one's made in China! Disappointed!

Aside from the new exterior design of the E72, the problem I've been having is with the Mail for Exchange feature. I purposely bought this for work, but there seems to be a widespread firmware issue. Just go to Nokia Europe -> Discussions and do a search for: E72, MfE & Exchange 2003.

THE NOKIA E72 IS THE BEST PHONE FOR YOUR DOLLAR. IT TAKE GOOD QUALITY PHOTOS , RECORD VOICE AND VIDEO VERY CLEARLY.THE GPS SYSTEM IS VERY SMART I ENJOY USING IT. I ALSO FIND USE FOR THE CONVERTER AND THE DICTIONARY.THE MODEM WORKS PERFECTLY.PHOTO AND VIDEO PLAYBACK IS FUN. I ENJOY THE 3G INTERNET USING THE 3G MODEM.PC SYNCRONIZING IS FLAWLESS ,NOT TO MENSION THE BLUETOOTH DATA TRANSFER.I ALSO USE IT IN MY TRUCK TO PLAY MUSIC VIA BLUETOOTH A2DP. I PAIR IT WITH MY JVC CAR MULTIMEDIA SYSTEM TO MAKE PHONE CALL AND READ MY MESSAGES WHILE DRIVING.THE FLASH LIGHT IS VERY BRIGHT AND THE BATTERY LAST VERY LONG.THE ONLY ONLY BAD THING ABOUT IT IS THAT IT FREEZE AT TIMES.I SUSPECT THE HOT CLIMATE.I LOVE MY E72.

Amazingly fast shipped by Amazon.llcGreat Phone, Awesome features, love the email- easy setup, wi-fi and gps works great. However, I have it only for 3 days and it alread has 3 dead pixels close to each other.

Well some monts ago i got the E72 and for me is an excelent option if you are a bussines person, now i can be connected in internet 24/7 without any problem, msn, yahoo, gmail, icq and skype works very well and also all the system is great.In contrast is a problem if you have a lot of programs open (as a normal computer) but if you organize your programs the mobile will works great.

| was really looking forward to buying myself this phone as a graduation gift. Graduating as an embedded systems electrical engineering technologist, I know all about the operating system and could not wait to play with. (the OS is Linux based). To my dismay, Amazon cannot sell American Version unlocked phones to Canadian residents. I had done my research and was dead set on getting this Nokia E72. So I had to buy it on e bay. I ended up paying $100 more, BUT, it was worth it. The first thing I did was throw out the manual and just play with all the configurations. The battery lasted over two days, which is great, because it was steadily used. I use my cell phone as my only phone and now that I have figured all the kinks, I LOVE IT!! I found out that you have to keep the phone in power save mode, and the battery can last up to five days (tried, tested and true). There is also the feature that if your in a meeting, you just have to flip the phone upside down, and it silences all calls and alarms. It does this with the aid of a light sensor. The other great feature is that I can have a personal mode, with fun and weird(a.k.a unprofessional )things on my desktop, AND also have a business mode, so when I go to work, all my colleagues and my boss think I have a professional work ethic because my business mode is very neat, organized and professional. My contacts are the same in both modes, and I can sink my work e-mail to the business side and my personal e-mail to my personal mode. Both my e-mails are accessible from either mode. Plus, the phone is not sold in Canada, so I haven't found anybody else who has the same one. and it's Purple.Buy it, it worth it. 'nuff said!

..is a timeless jewel.  I've owned the E71 and E75 phones prior to this one and the E72 trumps them both.  I hate touchscreens, but qwerty phones are becoming more and more rare.  I needed a phone with a good camera, good mp3 player, reliable internet access (not necessarily fast), and strong texting capabilities.  I have owned this phone for 7 months and it is by far the best cell I've owned.With a good set of headphones, the MP3 player is amazing, volume is loud yet clear.  Speaker quality with music player is decent, but not as loud as I would like.  The build quality is sturdy and the design is quite handsome.  The size dimensions are comparable with the E71.  The Qwerty kepboard is superior to that of the E71, E5, and E75.  Since the keys are perfectly spaced apart, you can type fast without worrying too much about double or incorrect key presses.  The included video player is nothing nice.  You definitely want to upgrade to an app that plays flv, avi, etc (Rushplayer is a great media player for the E72).  Large movie files play very smooth if encoded correctly.  Unlike the E71, this phone features a 3mm headphone jack.  No need for adapters.  The increase in memory over the E71 is not as significant as I would have liked, but the phone can handle 32gb SD cards easily.The camera quality is awesome for a phone of it's time (5mp with autofocus and flash).  More than sufficient to capture good times.  Pictures come out clear.  Close range photos in total darkness are clear.  Flash works great.  I think if the phone had dual flash, night photos would be a little better.  Call quality rocks but seems a little temperamental when you alter the volume.  Never results in bad quality but it fluctuates from good to perfect, and perfect to good as you turn the volume up and down.I would have liked for the phone to feature dual Sim but you can't have it all. It's now 2012 but this phone is definitely ageless in design and arguably ageless in features. It has pretty much all that I need + more. I will no doubt buy another E72 when this one passes on.  None of the aforementioned nitpicks warrant anything less than 5 stars.  The phone is simply awesome.

I did an upgrade from one Nokia E51, and the experience is great, the GUI, menues, features, all are very responsive. the SS back cover, the design, slick, is perfect.All what you want for a cellphone that can keep you in touch with your office without take off the fun out of job is in this one.so pleased with nokia.

I will start by saying that I have been a Nokia user since the first smartphones. I was a huge fan of all of them, but my previous phone the E71 was up until then the best one of all them. The E72 shows improvements on every department, great camera both for day and night shots, excellent GPS even when the Garmin mobile XT doesn't work on FP2 the Nokia Maps does a great job, comes with all the major email clients preinstalled, no more out of memory errors due to the increased phone memory, and a great processor speed upgrade.I had to look around for clients that used to be standard on my E71 that are not on the E72 (podcast clients,internet radio,IM,etc) but if you cover that gap with 3rd party software this phone does it all.I have been on the road for the last month and had no need of using another device the E72 has been enough to cover all my needs including VOIP.I highly recommend this phone, and honestly I haven't found any problems or issues with it.

I hope Nokia pays a harsh price for what it has done.This phone should never have been released to the public. In fact, seeing as what the E71 was, this phone should never have been built. It reeks of cost cutting and business manager interference, where some moron MBA decided they knew what was the best way to bring this phone to market. This is the kind of phone that is a brand killer for any serious user, or any of the long-time Nokia users who know what the brand is supposed to stand for. This isnt one of the crappy little [...] phones they build for verizon because they have to. It's [...], top of the line, supposedly. And it's awful. A disgrace, so let me fill you in on why.First a few things, just so you know where Im coming from :1) Ive been a Nokia user for over a decade. Owned probably close to ten different phones. Always eagerly awaited the next one. I know the symbian s60 system pretty well, so my points below aren't coming from someone who doesn't yet understand the phone.2) My last phone was the E71, which Ive had since it was released. If you are an E71 user, and love that phone like I do, and were just hoping for a few tweaks to make it even better, well, you are going to be immensely disappointed with the E72.3) If you know nothing of the E71, (or even the E51, or E63) you should still read this, because even if that phone did not exist, the E72 in and of itself is a disaster.With that, I say : welcome to disappointment centrale! Wow.This phone ,the E72, unlocked US version, is like a distant [...] cousin or something to the E71. It sort of looks like the E71, but crappier. Right out of the box, feels crappier. Cheaper. You almost know it's made in china before you look at the box and confirm the "telefono hecho en China" (like they thought they could disguise it by writing it in Spanish. Morons.Let's talk build quality :So I thought, maybe it feels light and cheaply made because of the plastic, or because the battery isnt in yet. Maybe, right. Well, go to put the battery in - ick, here starts the bad experience with the phone. A flimsy little plastic tab that doesnt really release the battery cover properly. Plus they changed the neat design on the back of the E71 to something boring. And of course, as many have noticed, the back cover does not seat tightly. Yes, it's easier to open than the E71, but with the E71, you NEVER thought that one day the back cover would fail. And it didnt jiggle around. (Yes, this review is going downhill fast.) And the battery life isn't nearly as long as the E71.Next up, when you look at the back of the phone, you notice this THING jutting out. Ohhh, the camera, which is still only marginally better than the E71 (wont replace your canon, sorry), but now annoyingly bulbous and in the way. Why?On the side of the phone, the E71 had nice rubbery covers for the usb and memory card - this one, hard plastic, with the motorola style attachment that you can already see coming off months before it finally does. For those like me who want to use this as a modem via usb, but also put it in your pocket...ahh, yes, wait til that breaks off, then gets gunked up with pocket lint. Joy! But even better, try to open these things. You either have to have long fingernails, or use some sort of device to pry it open. Great. This pretty much assures you that you'll drop the phone one day trying to open up the usb tab.Speaker - incredibly tinny versus the E71. I'm embarrassed by the audio on this thing now. Sad. And they removed many of the really good audio clips, tones, etc, that were on the E71, and replaced them with garbage.Plug for earphones (headset) - go ahead and try it, then look at what you've done. Yup the plug seats at an angle, which just looks bad. Yes the top of the phone is sloped, but that doesn't mean the jack should go off at an angle.Four way key - very unpleasant to use (more below on this) -  when you click it to the right, it sticks a bit, so if you next go to click to the left, it first clicks to get unstuck, then you can move left. Ridiculous. The center button, complete mush. No click sensation, just a mushy "I think I pushed it in" effect. Horrid. I can only hope that mine is defective, because this is completely unacceptable. But the sharp edge on the thing is by design. And it's awful to use. Did someone think that if they made the edge sharp, they'd force people to use the center optical scroll button?Main menu keys. This is probably more the fault of a stupid engineer, rather than an MBA. But who knows....on the E71, the four main keys are just that, four individual main keys. On the E71, they aren't. Perhaps it was for visual effect, but the key surfaces are all integrated, melding into a short stumpy capital "I" shape. And when you push one of them, like you often do with Nokia's operating system, you get a soft mushy response. No click. The bottom two have slightly more of a click feel, but the top two are mostly mush. FAIL.Now, granted the build quality is horrible compared to the E71, but the software, adios mios...the software.Business phone, right? Yup. E series. Enterprise. Well, this phone will put you out of business if you rely on it. In fact, you just cant rely on it.Email - with E71, you had two options, with your gmail and yahoo type accounts easily set up and very functional through Nokia Messaging. And your pop mail for work, like I have, could go through the other email system on the phone. Both worked fine, although the mail settings for the pop mail were not actually push, but rather every 5 minutes that it would check, so, no instantaneous email. With the e72, all the mail is routed through nokia messaging. That would actually be great, except one big thing. IT DOESNT WORK most of the time. Even when it does work, there is no option to view mail in HTML. Every single forking email you have to click once to open, then click again to view as HTML. And when you do so, what happens? Every email typically takes 10 to 30 seconds to load, if it loads at all. Disaster, unusable in its current form. Sometimes, when you open the program, and try to delete out your emails...they disappear with the (x) delete key on the side. Sometimes, they dont. Other times, a message that youve already viewed, try to open it again, nothing. NOT READY FOR PRIMETIME.Optical keypad - had to turn it off after a few days. Here is the problem...no matter how fast or slow or hard or soft you move your thumb across the area, it moves one item. This is NOT the functionality that makes a scrollball/trackball useful. Therefore, it serves almost no purpose. The only reason it is at all useful is that they redesigned the 4way pad around the optical key, with nice sharp edges, and made it really stiff too, so if you have to use it a lot, like I do, eventually it digs into your thumb and is quite annoying. FAIL.Web browsing - faster in terms of processing a page, and faster for scrolling around. But for some reason, many many times you click on the browser and it just sits, lifeless. You close it, start again, even when it says a decent signal with 3G. Nothing. Most of the time its unusable. Other times, you click on your bookmark...it starts going, then sure enough - invalid server name. Other times, you go to bookmark manager, and sometimes the bookmarks work, and other times, you click on them, and nothing. Plus, the menu items for additional browser menus are screwed up. You use the close button to close one of the window tabs, as you would on the E71, sometimes it closes that window, other times, it closes the whole web browser program and you have to start over. Added skyfire as a workaround, same problem with connectivity. Does not seem to want to pick up the ATT internet signal. FAIL.Now yes, many of these software issues will likely be resolved with a new firmware update. But when? If a person buys this phone, is already up and running with the E71, and thinks they are going to have a working phone, they are out of luck, so they are stuck with two phones. One, they just bought, but they cant use it because it's totally screwed up. And this is for the lucky people who have a phone with a build quality that, while cheap, isn't defective. I, on the other hand, am going to have to send mine back, because the fourway key is clearly screwy. But do you REALLY think I want to roll the dice with this phone again, given the potential for just receiving another phone with a different set of issues? No, I dont.This company can't be admonished enough for what they have done with this phone. Please please please, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. If you want to go down this road with Nokia, get the E71. The E72 should be discontinued, and we should all get refunds for this turd.3/3/10 update : finally a firmware update, 3 months after Ive owned the phone. Result - mail still broken, web browser still flawed, phone still an expensive piece of crap. And now it's [...] less than what I paid for it, and freebies thrown in. Can you say RIPOFF? Next update will be when I contact Nokia for a refund/exchange. And one more thing was pointed out on this phone in recent days, to my embarrassment : the earpiece, at the top of the phone, is crooked. How's that for a nice touch?

El Nokia E72 se compr&oacute; desbloqueado para usar en Costa Rica, con la red ICE.  Excelente compatibilidad con la red, excelente desempe&ntilde;o, excelente software instalado, buenas fotos, funciona excelente en telefon&iacute;a IP.  Chat, Correo electr&oacute;nico, visibilidad de documentos, etc.  Toda una herramienta en la oficina y el ocio.  Un tel&eacute;fono que debe estar conectado a internet 24 horas al d&iacute;a.

ITEM DID NOT COME WITH A WALL CHARGER WOULD HAVE EXPECTED IT SINCE ALL CELL PHONE'S DO AND IT WAS LISTED AS "LIKE NEW" IN THE DESCRIPTION WHEN I PURCHASED IT.

iPhone 3gs is far better than this phone. Although Apple has only been in the smart phone market for about 3 years but I think they are doing a far better job designing the user interface and etc for the iPhone. I wanted to try this phone out and see if Nokia is still as user friendly as it was. Sadly it is not at all, compared to the iPhone. I think there's too much junks and there's probably a huge learning curve for using the phone. As for the iPhone, I feel like most people even infants would know how to play and navigate around it, the interface is fairly simple. If you have a chance to get the iPhone 3gs at a discounted price, it is a much better phone than this. Even android OS beats the OS they have on the E72. If I am not mistaken Nokia discontinue the Symbian OS after this phone and focus on their Maemo or something like that.

I still didn't explore my new phone completely but so far I can say I just love it.Something that could be important here I received phone on time and not damaged.I am even happier after my worst experience ever trying to order E72 thru Nokia official site ($50 higher price) as every time I tried to place my order I get message that my order can't be completed. After 2 days I found out that Nokia charged me for very attempt in total of $2, 267.13. I couldn't even solve the problem with Nokia as I spent on phone more then 2 hours listening the music and being shuffled from operator to operator... I solved everything with my bank. After 5-7 mails to Nokia I have only 2 replays, several days later instructing me to call them...Trust me: it is easier, faster and safer to go thru AMAZON. I am more then happy.

E72 is fine with other fuctionality, but the basic feature of the phone is poor...Loud speakers are poor (low volume),Randomly echo of once own voice...I understand that there could be some gaps to improve in any product, however such gap should not be in the basic functionality such as speaker !!I have always used Nokia however it seems it is now time for me to switch over ! may be this is my last nokia product.

This is just one solid, fast, sexy yet very utilitarian phone. It does everything somebody in the business and outside that field would need. The Camera is great (night is a bit of a problem), CPU is blazing fast, Internet is fast and reliable (when AT&T; allows it to be, not the best 3G coverage in NYC area), e-mail: well what's there to say, It usually receives e-mail before outlook does, the best of all I must say is the keyboard which has a solid tactile feedback and enough room for my big fingers.All in all I would go with this over any BB phone out there.

I've bought a E71 in the past and was happy about it.  Great battery life, reasonable price, good keyboard and good quality.Now with E72 we have the same good features and some improved ones (like the resolution of the camera and screen size).I'd recommend for anyone that is looking for a reasonable priced, yet powerful smartphone.

For me, this product was the best phone I have already acquired.The battery live for 5 days using internet and other programs.

I must agree with other reviewers, E72 looks like a step up from specs perspective, but in reality in does feel and look cheaper (made in China you can tell), has navigation problems (horrible joystick, too hard to press), feels much heavier, software issues as well - neither Ovi nor PC Suite would recognize this phone connected via USB.And guess what even keyboard shortcuts has changed, it's not possible any more to dial a digit by long press on a corresponding button!

Could have been the perfect phone, the reason for me to finally ditch the iphone and get off the expensive data plan.OH WELL NOKIA, guess you should have made the plug in compatible with Snow Leopard.  I'm very very disappointed, after having waited months for this.  It almost became my next greatest phone after the E90.  I would still use it except the E90 doesn't work on AT&T;'s 3G freq.LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE.  I called Nokia customer service and the tech support said to install isync on my E72.  The guy doesn't even know what isync is.  He said that he will transfer me to level 2 support, and they will call me back within 24-48 business hours.  BUSINESS HOURS???  I forgot to ask whether it was USA time zone or Philippines time zone.

I purchased this phone on may 6 2011 , and today I'm sending it to repair.The only issues I've had with this phone are , camera sometimes freezes and when picking up a call freezes too, and on both problems I have to restart the phone, but now, if I slightly press above the lens area the phone shuts down, and of course , if I put it in my pocket it also shuts down. Too bad for nokia , this is my third one since I started using cellphones and the other two never gave me a problem, only hope the can do something about it.

This is a wonderful phone and I recently bought one - however not through Amazon but through the Nokia online store. The reason being that it was $310 instead of $329 on the Amazon site.

i got this phone in 2011, two years after its release. It was a replacement for an N80 (which was a fantastic phone in its day) and my first E Series. The QWERTY layout drew me in and i have never looked at any other form factor since this one. It is a shame it is vanishing from the market in the transition to all touch all the time.i still have this phone, and recently decided to pick it back up as my main device (the Nokia E6-00 had been my main phone previously - i got it as a replacement for my aging E72 when the screen died). My learning curve on this phone was practically non-existent - it is the easiest phone to get along with i have ever had. The auto-focus 5MP camera is nice, too, as i have missed that on the E6. The EDOF sensors in the E6 and E7 lack close-up capabilities, so QR codes are not readable and a feature on the E72 that allows you to copy a business card to your contacts was gone, too.The optical track pad i find easier to use than the E6's touch interface (mainly due to the size of the screen) and realistically, the only thing i miss moving back to this phone is the high-res display (VGA on the the E6 vs QVGA on the E72). Although Symbian^3/Nokia Belle have some nice shortcuts to many connectivity features that S60 does not, i find the settings in S60 are FAR more easily navigated and intuitive.Another feature i had missed in Belle (present in the E72 in S60) is a customizable graphic equalizer. There is really no reason that this feature should be missing at all. Even the N8 (which is a multimedia device) does not have this feature.Quick Office (editing support for Word, PowerPoint and Excel) and Joikuspot (WiFI hotspot) are loaded from the factory. There are still plenty of apps in Nokia Store available, too, so the ecosystem for this phone is still alive.

Hi, I raise a claim in favor of the Nokia E72, I bought the 6 February and still no answer arriving in VenezuelaI would like to inform me of the status of this productthank you very much

Although not very user friendly for the initial configuration (Takes a while to get used with the menu structure), once you have the email and connections working, it is a fire and forget issue.Beware that if you want to have "everything" working at the same time (GPS, Data Connection, push email, multitasking environment with several programs, Wlan active search,...., it will handle it, but your battery will drain FAST!.Best bang for the buck in the business smartphones segment. I Love It.

this is a good phonethe problem is only the battery case that does not fit perfectly!

Excelent device, works as every review says it would.The only thing I complain about is that the DC Charger and car hanger didn't come in the package, and never arrived. The web site sais this two items are part of the package.

I bought this phone to replace my E71. I thought I would miss the E71 but I haven't felt like that so far. The OS is pretty stable and I think I had to reboot it once since I bought it (>3Months ago). The battery life is incredible...for a phone of this complexity I only need to charge it every 2-3 days even with WiFi, 3G and GPS on (hard to believe but true). The only thing I have an issue with is the mail for exchange software. Gimme a break...you can't see subfolders! That's a joke and I hate to use the often stated comment but..."The iPhone can do it". But all-in-all I'm very satified with the phone.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono! Me encantaba toda sus funciones y las comodidades que conten&iacute;a. L&aacute;stima q una sobrecarga me lo quemara! :(

My E-72 was ok for the first couple of months. There were problems: it couldn't play a lot of my music for whatever reason (not format related), GPS was super slow, etc. I would have given it three stars.But when I "upgraded" the firmware, as per nokia's instructions, the phone fell apart. Now it crashes at random, I have to restart to use the gps or sometimes even to send text messages, it won't sync to my email, and so on. These are not small problems that I can just ignore.Bottom line: the hardware is beautiful; the software kills the phone. Do not buy.

This is a review of a Nokia E72.Disappointed.  Would not recommend.Stability -- Terrible.  Applications crash or lock up frequently.  My max uptime is less than one day.  It is trivial to crash this phone.  This is with the latest available firmware (as of 20099-12-13) and stock applications.  Sometimes the crash is limit to just one app, other times it's the whole phone.  Sometimes it locks up hard and the only way to recover is to remove the battery.  I've had to pull the battery three times in five days.Sound quality -- The sound quality during calls is excellent.  Plenty loud enough.Battery -- Battery life is excellent.  I can go two days on a full charge compared with one day on my iphone.  I'm impressed by the battery life.Web browser -- The built-in browser does not support tabs or multiple pages of any kind so you may spend a lot of time using the back button.  The only real alternative to the built-in browse is Opera Mobile 10, which is in beta and has some significant bugs on the E72 (e.g. the "u" key types an asterisk, "*").Mail -- I use the phone with both an IMAP sever and an Exchange server.  Both work well.  I've encountered two flaws.  One is with IMAP support.  You have no control over where copies of sent message are stored.  Unlike most IMAP clients you cannot choose the folder.  The other flaw is mass delete.  If you have many messages you wish to delete there are three options.  Mark all messages in the folder and delete (deletes *all* messages in the folder), delete and confirm each message individually (two clicks per message), or mark each message you wish to delete and delete (requires *five* clicks per message).Tethering -- I'm impressed how easy it was to tether via USB.  Works great with NetworkManager on Linux.  No extra drivers needed.  When phone asks, choose "PC Suite" mode.Overall -- It's a good phone when it works.  However, it is so unreliable that I cannot recommend it to anyone.  Is there hope in a newer firmware (when one is released)?  Maybe.  Unfortunately, the more I read and ask around, the more I heard that Nokia phones are not known for stability.  I'm doubtful.  It's pretty clear that Nokia is done with S60 and has moved on to the Maemo platform.  Going forward I don't expect them to put much effort into the S60 software.

this phone is the bomb it is much better than a blackberry, i just love it. Even though it is considered an older model but in my book Nokia, you outdone yourself once again

I bought this phone after having used the 5800 and X6 16gb model.The 5800 was (is) an amazing phone so the natural upgrade was X6. The X6 is pretty nice. Great display and camera, a lot of storage, great sound quality, but I was worried about the build quality. The lock botton is weak and the back panel looks and feel like cheap plastic. So I bought the E72.With the E72 was love at first sight. I decided to leave the big and touch screen an go for a full front qwerty phone and I'm happy.The e71 has a great build quality, a fast processor and it look and feel amazing.Typing emails and messages is fast and response very well. The email client is good. I can check my gmail account and the corporate (Mail for Exchange) account. Even you can see the email in html and of course you can download and see the attach files.Browse the web is very good even in the 2,4 screen. With Opera, the web go smooth and you can forget the 3,2 screen.The GPS is great. Faster than the 5800 and X6.The sound quality through mi Sennnheiser MX660 can blow your ears. Is even better than mi Ipod Touch 3GAnd one of the best features is the battery. 3 days with full charge, connected to internet about 10hrs (email and IM), about 2h-3h talk time and 10-20 sms the phoneNow I have the E72 with a micro SDHC 16gb class 4 with the lastest firmware and the phone run very smooth.This phone worth every dollars.

El telefono es muy bueno y tiene herramientas importantes que ayudan en el ambito laboral, como son: Poder enviar y recibir mensajes desde el computador y sincronizar la agenda. Ademas el GPS funciona bien, lastima que los mapas no estan actualizados.

This E72 has features which require the d/l of apps. The d/l would not complete properly rendering some of the phone features useless. Apparently my version of Win 7 and OVI/Nokia don't get along. I had to return the phone.Just a note about returns. I had ordered a couple of accessories with the phone. I did not have to pay shipping to return the phone. However, I was charged $5.23 and $5.02 for returning the accessories which, of course, were useless w/o the phone. I was instructed not to ship back both accessory items in the same package, which would have saved me a few bucks. I am not complaining about the shipping charges but in the future I will make sure a product works as advertised before purchasing an accessory. Perhaps you may find this bit of info helpful.

I was using E71 before and was very happy with it. The only thing i needed was the GPS and navigation functions without using the operators. And this phone has this function besides the others on E71. You can download the maps of the related city very easily from internet before you go there. And you can use these maps in offline mode witouh losing money for the operators. Navigation program in it is really perfect. But on your purchase you have only 10 navigation free.Also the e-mail function is very useful. You can define a network to receive e-mails when this network is available. For example if you are at home and you are waiting for an e-mail you don't need to watch your laptop or pc, your phone will let you know if you receive new email.Totally i suggest this phone...

Nicely built phone, but my God, does Nokia even test their software? Everything feels so slow, from music player to alarm clock. And there are daily reboots because of freezes. Latest firmware brought more problems than fixes. Advice stay away from Nokia Symbian phones.

I upgraded from a Nokia E71 (which was an unbelievable upgrade from my previous experiences with Blackberry), and for some reason I was expecting that same leap from the E71 to E72. However, I soon realized, after using my E72 for the past couple days, that the E71 did in fact spoil me. The E72 is still no doubt an amazing phone -- along with the E71 and other top Nokias, it's still in its own little league above the Blackberries and other smartphones -- but I'll admit I was slightly let down.If you are looking to buy a Nokia (or any phone) I'd definitely recommend the E72. If you are a huge Nokia fan, then fine, upgrade. If you're happy with your E71....then I'd really think about it (or at least get your hands on one in person). The E72 is much faster, the camera's awesome, and it's still a beautiful phone. BUT you should know a couple things:-The construction is not quite as top-notch as the E71. It's a little lighter, with some metal replaced for a sort of heavy, hardened plastic. I've heard of the battery panel being loose, but I haven't run into the problem. Mine was made in China, while my E71 was made in Finland, although it seems there can always be problems no matter where it's made.-The optical pad is a nice touch (it takes some getting used to) and, occasionally, it can misinterpret your choice to click to the side for a sliding movement. But overall I'm getting used to it (and if you really don't like it you can always switch it off).-I do notice the slightest high pitched buzz when the volume is turned up and the sound coming from the other end of the call is on the loud side. The E71 never had this problem. I take it the speakers were either downgraded or because of the extra plastic there's some sort of vibration (could just be my model). UPDATE: Seems the speaker just needed some "breaking in" (strange, I know). This problem is no longer present. However, still not the best volume in speakerphone mode.***Overall, I'd say if you're looking at the E72 compared to any top smartphone, this is an excellent choice***IF you're looking at the E72 and E71 side by side, it is THEN that you start to notice the little details that I mentioned above. True, there are a few more plastic pieces than the E71, but when I think about the Blackberries and iPhones, you're never going to get the same quality you got with the E71, and the E72 is just a notch below that.E72 is a 4.5 star phone. E71 will always be the best phone I've ever owned.

I bought this product in Dec2010 and after using it for 6 months, i am extremely disappointed with quality that this phone gives. Nokia E72, this series is designed for business executives who need reliability at any cost. But this is most unreliable phone from Nokia i had. You open more than 3 to 4 applications (like contacts, messages, email, and any one more...) and it will open again only when you switch off-switch on. Phone hangs without any reason and you get to know this after many hours when u dont get any call and your friend call u by other means saying why you r not reachable most of the time. Battery keeps on heating up, loose battery cover. May be i had more expectation from Nokia, but as a business user, it can deceive you any time. May be by just adding more feature in comparison with smart phone, it gives good impression that  this is at par with other. But believe me, next time i will not buy any product by just feature-2 comparison. Taking the feedback of those features performance is more important.

Nice phone! good camera.. slow loading on some programs thou!. Maps slow to get signal from GPS satellite.

One of my favorite phones to date. The E71 was a great phone for Nokia and this one was a perfect follow up. Slim, powerful, and attractive. The one downside is the software used can be long in the tooth. Especially when you are not familiar with it.

se&ntilde;ores de amazon tengo un inconveniente con el celular Nokia E72 que  adquiri via internet. el celular tiene en mi poder 3 meses 2 semanas desde la compra; lo que ocurre es que la tecla de espacio no funciona y el boton tactil en forma de cuadro tampoco. Soy una persona muy cuidadosa y lo he tratado bien de un dia para otro dejo de funcionar.Entonces quiero saber que puedo hacer en este caso y tambien quiero saber si tiene garantia del el producto que he comprado en su tienda via internet espero su respuesta lo antes posible llamar a Ecuador al numero de la casa 2236053 o a mi celular 087581287.gracias se&ntilde;ores de amazon por su atencion.

Muy buen producto, la bateria dura bastante, es muy practico y versatil. Comoda navegaci&oacute;n para los correos y las redes sociales.

I don't understand why so many people are complaining about the firmware. The phone had no problems at all from the beginning when I got the device.I did update the firmware two times (one for each time a firmware was released) and I don't notice any improvements either.Well, based on my experience with the Nokia E90, Touch Pro2, HTC HD2, Apple iPhone 3G, Sony Ericsson Xperia X1, and the Nokia N95, I really think this is the best phone out of all of them.1) Build Quality - The build is alright. There are no wobbly parts (not even the battery cover which people complain about). There is some light leakage on the the upper 'functionality' keys and it is distracting. All Nokia E72's have light leakage here. The Micro SD and USB covers are easily damaged, so you need to be careful when you pry them open. I have not broken these but I can tell that they can snap off easily. But in the end, the build quality on the E72 is very nice and sturdy. The screen also comes with a pre-installed screen protector that can be pealed off.2) Efficiency - This phone does not disappoint in making yourself more productive. The phone is very fast compared to Nokia N95, Nokia E90, and Xperia X1. The back-lighting on the QWERTY keyboard has the perfect brightness. It is much brighter than the Nokia E90's dim keyboard. Because the keyboard lacks a number row and needs larger keys, the Nokia E90 or Touch Pro2 is a better choice if you really need a really good keyboard. However, I was willing to sacrifice the awesome Nokia E90 keyboard to compromise for E72's better features and not-so-bad keyboard. From best to worst, here is how I rank between different keyboards: HTC Touch Pro2 > Nokia E90 > Nokia E72 > HTC HD2 > Apple iPhone > Xperia X1. You will never accidentally turn on your phone and dial numbers when you leave the E72 in your pocket. The phone will never unlock in your pocket (as long as you manually or automatically lock the screen).Most importantly, the Nokia E72 has a better keyboard and better buttons than the E71. There really only is one thing about the E71 keys that are better than the E72 keys. Since the E72 has a mushy optical sensor, using the D-pad isn't fun. The Nokia E71 has a better D-pad (it's more clicky and less mushy). However, the E71 'functionality' buttons are very cramped. I find it two times more efficient pressing the Menu/Calendar/Contacts/Messaging button on the E72 because the buttons are larger and raised. Even the surrounding buttons work well. On the E71 I would press multiple buttons at once. This problem rarely happens on the E72. In terms of the QWERTY keys, the E72 and E71 are very similar. However, the number and Ctrl key on the E72 is larger by comparison. So the E72 wins in terms of keyboard and buttons.3) Battery Efficiency - The brand new battery on the E72 lasts much longer than the all of the phones I've had and used. Furthermore, it is easy to remove and replace, unlike the Nokia E90 and Xperia X1.4) Camera - The camera isn't that good. I still haven't found a phone with a camera that's worth using. From what I can see, I don't think their is much difference between Nokia E72 and Xperia X1's camera. However, the LED flash on the E72 is the pretty good compared to other phone. Of course, I haven't used the camera that much and I am not a camera pro so you can't rely on me in this area.5) Multimedia - the mono speaker on the back of the phone isn't very loud, but it isn't very quiet. It's much louder than the iPhone at max level but much softer than the Nokia E90 (which has amazing stereo speakers). The music player is great, and thanks to the keyboard, I can search through my music library without scrolling. Furthermore, the audio processing on this phone is on par to my laptop. I hear no difference in sound quality between my laptop and my E72 when I use the same headphones. Watching videos on the low-resolution phone is pretty decent and even clear, but because all Nokia comes with a terrible video player, I am disappointed. But thanks to how well a 600 qualcomm CPU performs on Symbian phones, multimedia is very breezy.6) Phone and Organizer - this is an Eseries Nokia device running on symbian. Most Eseries organizer and phone software are same or similar. Well, in my opinion, the Eseries software is better than Windows Mobile and iPhone. Of course one of the main problem with contacts, calendars, and notes on non-touchscreen Nokia's is that you need a good keyboard to be well organized. Well the E72 has a decent keyboard.But in regards other than software, the loudspeaker/speakerphone is very low so conversations will be annoying because it's hard to hear when you are in a noisy environment. Do not get this phone if your priority is to have a good speaker for phone calls in public environments (for music is is decent, especially when you like to hear it in a quiet place).7) Internet - the Wi-Fi browsing on this phone is much faster than the Wi-Fi on my Xperia X1, and E90. I can't comment on other phones. Scrolling through pages on the E90 was a nightmare. This problem is fixed on the E72. It also supports some flash content like you-tube, and for that, it is a very good phone for internet uses. For a non-touch screen phone, it's a good internet device. I actually prefer it over the HTC HD2.8) Price - for 330 U.S. dollars. This phone has the most return to each dollar you spent.If you guys are wondering:A) The accelerometer works with 3rd party software but has pre-installed settings to silent phone calls or alarms.B) The annoying animated-transitions between screens can be disabled in the phone settings.C) Do not buy this phone just because it has a customizable optical D-pad. It's not very good, and the reason I like it is to lock in the 'focus' when I take pictures.D) The Calendar, Contacts, and Messaging keys are completely customizable.

The hardware and features are all good, but the software implementation is beyond deplorable. Unstable, buggy and even annoying. This phone isn't even able to update it's own firmware - the updater crashes with no indication of what went wrong. That's just pathetic.I got this because of its business profile - mainly email. But that's easily the worst feature of the phone.Will never buy another Nokia again.

With one word: NO.After owning and E71 for over a year, which for me was by far the best phone that I have ever used, I was really excited about getting the new E72 since it featured a 600Mhz CPU which seemed to be my main and only issue with the E71. However the CPU was the only upgrade in this unit and almost everything else seemed to be in fact a downgrade. As mentioned by another reviewer this phone has serious stability issues. The FP2 OS is extremely buggy and crashes, reboots and freezes several times a day. Nokia really needs to work on a new firmware to correct this. Below is every quality of the phone that I could think of as compared to the E71.HARDWARE-----------------------------BUILD QUALITY: Definitely not as solid of a feeling compared to the mostly metal E71. The D-pad feels like cheap plastic and it has some free play. The back cover tends to move occasionally when you are holding the phone to your ear.SPEAKERPHONE: Very poor quality compared to the E71. There is very noticeable buzzing near the maximum volume, even with high quality music files. Calls on speakerphone at max volume are plain annoying due to the buzzing. On top of that the speaker is not as loud as the one on the E71.CALL QUALITY: Excellent call quality except at the maximum volume where the call speaker also becomes distorted.KEYBOARD AND TOUCHPAD: The keyboard feels slightly better than the one on the E71. The buttons seem to give out somewhat of a better feedback. However the E72 is slightly wider than the E71 which makes it a little harder to type on with one hand. The new track pad navigation provides a very inconsistent performance and it is not even close to the one on the newer blackberries. Scrolling up and down is perfectly fine but scrolling sideways becomes an exercise. The good news is that the original directional pad like on the E71 is still there so you can just disable the touchpad if you hate it just as much as I did after a week of usage.CAMERA: It is still a cell phone camera so keep your expectations low. It takes decent pictures and the quality is about the same as the E71 but with 5 megapixel images and slightly wider lens. The camera application now has built-in panorama mode. Video at 640x480 is plain horrible. The flash on this phone is actually pretty decent. One thing that was very annoying to me is that it uses a very bright focus light(AKA The flash) which makes focusing at macro impossible if you are trying to take a picture of something with brighter colors that reflect more light. There is no way to disable the focus light either, not even in macro mode. Nokia should think about this as well.BATTERY LIFE: There is simply nothing like it. Except the E71. The battery life on the E72 is also exceptional. I am able to get 2 to 3 days of very heavy usage on it, including 2 to 3 hours of talking, 2 hours of browsing and some text messaging. I have not seen any other phone in this category which gets even close to these stats.GPS: Works great and it gets a position fix generally within 5 seconds. It seems a little faster than the E71. The E72 also has a compass.SOFTWARE-------------------------This is the bad part.FP2: Aside from unifying various internet connections I really did not see much if any of an improvement in this version of the Symbian OS. In fact it features some ugly menu transitions and it has a lot of stability issues. You would get out of memory error with a subsequent freezing at least a couple of times in a day and reboots and total freezes which require battery removal are not uncommon either.APPLICATION UNLOCK: Yes, the phone is hackable with HelloOX 2 and up.WEB BROWSER: The browser is definitely improved from the E71 afar as rendering and navigation goes. However I was never able to complete even ONE single browsing session without this thing crashing and just exiting in the middle of something. It would have been great if it did not crash.E-MAIL: About as bad as the client available on my first T-Mobile Pocket PC with Windows Mobile 2002. Although that one was a little better than what Nokia has provided. It is almost 2010 and Nokia still does not have an e-mail client which supports in-line HTML. The Nokia messaging software and service is plain horrible. After 3 days of usage I just cancelled my account and went to using webmail. It is really that bad and this is unacceptable for a supposed "business" device. As an alternative, I would recommend Emoze. Their software even partially supports in-line HTML. If you have Hotmail, you can download Windows Live for Symbian. It works really well.PODCASTING & INTERNET RADIO: Missing!!!???! Very disappointing.SIP CLIENT: Missing!!! The SIP settings are there, but there is no client. So forget about gizmo or any similar service unless you are using a third party client like Nimbuzz or Fring.OFFICE APPLICATIONS: This is one positive category. Quickoffice features a free upgrade to open and edit Office 2007 documents. Nokia has also added Wpresenter, Multiscanner and Font Magnifier as standard applications.--------------------Overall the E72 is a mixed bag for me. It delivers on speed and the browser is well improved but the stability issues, missing software and some other quirks make this device seem like a downgrade. If I was aware of these issues it is likely that I would have stayed with the E71. So if you are in doubt, my advice would be save your money or at least wait for a firmware update which fixes the stability issues. I hope this was helpful.

This is my third smart phone.  The first two were htc (magic, then touch) both of which worked great, until they didn't.  Since the reviews of the E72 were so great, and I'd had great experiences with Nokia bricks, I thought I'd give this one a try.  Big mistake!  Although I am a reasonably savvy tech user, I cannot get the  mail, contacts, and calendar features to sync with Google, even after spending hours on discussion boards, reading manuals, and the advice from websites.  I'm left with doing everything manually, which means it takes about five minutes to check my email.Worse, the choice about using wifi or 3g is fixed, so its very difficult to go back and forth.  Many apps do not work well; the google search app covers part of my home screen.  There really is nothing well designed about the OS of this phone.  It is cumbersome to use, with glitchy software, and it takes twice as long to accomplish basic tasks (I have to hit seven buttons to make a phone call!)On top of all of that, the in ear speaker cuts in and out, so that sometimes I can only use the phone on speaker phone or with a blue tooth.This will go down as the worst technological purchase I have ever made.  No I just have to decide whether to junk it completely, or suffer through a year or more with this crappy phone.I wish I'd gotten a blackberry or, better yet, an Android!

I have always been a fan of Nokia phones.. some were good ...others were not... but the E72 is just what I am looking for...It gives me the ability to do business and be personal at the same time... the features are excellent and for the most part intuitive.I guess the thing i like about is that full qwerty keyboard makes it really easy and fast and the keys does not get in your way...when responding to email or sending messages... Whatever this phone does not have you can easily install.... facebook, twitter, and the rest of them... works seamlessly..The battery life is excellent... seems to go on forever... especially when watching music videos or checking out youtube, .. or simply chatting..Best of all for me.. is that it does not take up a lot of space... its not bulky at all...

A definite improvement on the e71. About the same size, but much faster.Good customization options for menus, etc.

This is my fourth Nokia E-Series phone. I have 2 E 71's which my children in college use, and an E 51 which I use with a roaming SIM card outside the country. They are all a delight - rock solid construction and completely stable. The E 72 is a letdown.First, the construction is not the same quality as previous Nokia phones. The battery cover is loose, but does not seem likely to fall off in normal use. Some of the body parts are now plastic rather than metal. This did not reduce the weight of the phone compared to the all metal designs, however.The biggest problem is stability. The phone resets AT LEAST once every day. Power cycling the phone in the morning does not help. This would be bad enough, but when it resets, sometimes it fails to register the SIM. This is a new ATT SIM and using another SIM card does not stop the problem. I use this phone for critical business and cannot have it silently reset and not at least properly come back online. I have the latest system software update.This phone is not acceptable for business use - its target market. I have always loved Nokia phones - before the E Series I had an N-81i. However, I have been forced to go to a Blackberry, which I do not enjoy using at all, but at least it is dependable. I hope Nokia fixes this problem or I see them losing market share even more rapidly. Concentrating on touch screens will not help them with the business market.Chuck

Was very excited about E72, got one and switched it on, no screen light; called Nokia and they asked me to return it.Amazon replaced my phone immediately, got the new one and that started acting weird in a week. Now returned that too. Planning on getting something which works like a N900. My wife has had N900 for a few months now and that works really well.When it works E72 is really good but stability is killing Nokia's market. I am a hardcore Nokia fan but E72 is just not stable or reliable enough for me.

Hi, I bought a new piece but there is some defect with the headphones. The audibility using that headphones is very bad. I can barely hear what others are saying and others can't hear my response as well. I'm not satisfied with the functionality of the phone as well.  I'm not happy with this piece. Don't even think of buying this one.

Most reviews on the web compare the E72 with the E71 and whether it is worth the upgrade. This review is from the perspective of a first time Nokia smartphone user who previously owned Blackberry and Windows Mobile devices. Compared to my previous phones, this one is definitely more responsive. I rarely ever wait for menus to pop up or applications to open. Also, I am big on multitasking, which Nokia does very well. I agree that Symbian requires some time to get used to, but the shortcuts really help. For example, switching applications by holding down the home button is great for multitasking.The phone itself is sleek and feels good in the hands. It has some weight to it so that it does not feel "plasticky". The thin form factor makes it easy to carry in the pocket. I'm not going to deny it, the light leak does bother me. It is something I am willing to live with, though, because this phone still looks better than the others in the market. The optical nav pad depends purely on personal preference. I find myself switching between the optical and physical button depending on the task. The optical pad is functional. I just find it a bit slow when scrolling down a web page. And Nokia really dropped the ball in making the surrounding D-pad button too high. It makes scrolling optically uncomfortable as you are constantly hitting the edge of the physical button. I really like how the notification light surrounds the D-pad. The white light looks good on the black phone. Much better than having a separate red LED in the corner of the phone. Now, if only that can switch colors...Call quality is good and I have no had any dropped calls. The one complaint is that the speakerphone is not loud enough. Email on the Nokia is also surprisingly good despite the bad reviews. I feel that it is as much as "push" email experience as the BB. Setup was pain free even for the casual user. I also like how you do not have to open the html version unless you choose to do so using the link on the top of the email. The one thing I miss from the BB is not being able to get all my email accounts and SMS in one folder. Nokia should really consider that. Also the copy and paste feature is not as good as the BB. I still cannot copy text while reading an email. I have to choose reply so that I can get to edit mode before copying. If somebody knows a trick, please let me know.The Symbian interface is still relatively old-fashioned and boxy. However, that also means it looks less like a toy. I like how the home screen shows the calendar items and to do list. When on the Blackberry, I had to sift through hundreds of themes to find one that accomplished this task. In terms of apps, I still find that the Symbian apps are a step behind the other platforms. At least in the US. I find A LOT of apps out there, but the quality falls short. For example, the Bloomberg app was much more functional on my Blackberry. The Symbian version is just awkward, with no easy way to refresh the data. Nokia does score with Ovi Maps, which is easy to use and very efficient. Hopefully, Symbian won't die out and people will continue developing apps for it.I cannot say much about the camera as I like using real cameras for my pictures. I took a few as test shots and they came out pretty good. The shutter is responsive, but the flash is slow. When taken in good light, the pictures were crisp with good color. Low light pictures were noisy as expected.I hope this review gives readers an idea of the usability of the Nokia E72. I admit some compromises were made to switch from my Blackberry, but overall, I am enjoying my experience with the new phone. I think productivity will increase as I gain experience on Symbian. The responsiveness and appearance of the phone really won me over. Plus I cannot stand carrying the same piece of plastic as everyone else.

I've owned several Nokias- four generations in fact and the E72 is the first one I've been dissatisfied with- enough so that I'm considering just returning it and getting another E63 to replace the one I gave to my daughter. This phone seems nicer- the flashlight is still there, it's easier to turn bluetooth on and off, ovi maps is included, it's shiney, hefty, faster, has a front facing camera but....Hardware:There is an extra row of buttons from previous bar phones and that both impinges upon the QWERTY and makes it more difficult to use the extra row of buttons. The buttons add no new functionality- they've just made it more confusing and difficult to use function you want. In particular, separating the accept/reject and call/hangup/power buttons from two into five buttons is well, silly and frustrating. If you haven't used a Nokia before you may just find it annoying, if you've used a Nokia before you'll find yourself hitting the wrong thing and having to poke around with your thumb only to end up hitting the wrong thing over and over. Volume buttons on the side of the phone are nice though. Optical pad is a wash- really what's the point the mechanical one worked great, this one not so much esp if you have liquid on your fingertips. It doesn't work as well as the old mechanical button (often doesn't catch your finger) and it's optional vibrations is just annoying bling. The earphone plug now jaunts out a cocky new angle- great except you know what happens to cocky individuals- they get broken off. I'd don't get it.Software:Here's the REAL downside- Nokia have taken the reliable but not flashy Symbian in the E63i/E63 etc and turned it into a confusing, non-functional morass. The only upside I found was the "hold the home and active applications pop up" feature. Otherwise- bluetooth seems nonfunctional with all handsfree radio features I've tried with with- didn't work with my TomTom, my car radio or my wifes. Sometimes it connects, sometimes not, when it does connect sound is crackly and callers claim my voice is garbled. My daughter's E63 and my wife's G1 function perfectly with all these units so it's the E72 not the units. The messaging seems to longer support Conversations (the threaded SMS software) so it's back to 2003 and non-sortable, no threading SMS which is a real pain for active texters- you'll spend a lot of time deleting messages, scrolling up and down to find things and so on. Both fring and Skype periodically just stop working- you have to remove and reinstall to get call out functionality back. On the E63 both just worked flawlessly. The ordering of the installed applications and menus for configuration have been reorganized and not for the better- it's very difficult to configure a SIP account and by the way- out of the box the phone doesn't support SIP. Very lame.... You literally will spend hours and hours on forums begging the very patient and understanding Nokia employees who volunteer their time there to help you get even the most basic stuff working. Specifically....Nothing is where you think it isNokia has rearranged the menu structure to bring all things you don't use and don't care about up to the top and bury all the useful functionality deeply into a non-obvious and seemingly random location. Once you get there, what you're trying to do (see SIP and synching for instance) won't work unless you get something else from somewhere or set it up in a non-intuitive way not covered in the manual but only in the tenth description someone else on the net has spent hours of their life trying to figure out.Syncing with Google Calendar doesn't workFor instance, if you've used the very functional and easy MFe before to sync with Google calendar and contacts before- forget it. The E72 turns this single step process into 23 steps to sort of sometimes get it working with no feedback. MFE is now somehow integrated into the phone only in such a way that it doesn't work and won't provide any feedback. You literally have to set it up using fake info, cause it to fail and then reset it up to make it work. How Nokia think a phone that requires this sort of nonsense to work is viable is beyond me.SIP doesn't workAgain, you have to search pages of forums to find out the top of the line phone doesn't support SIP as delivered. It pretends it does, there's a SIP setting but it does absolutely nothing. You can't connect to SIP from from the WAN scan like you used to either. What? Instead you have to register in yet another forum (which you can't do from the phone) to download an unofficial piece of software to enable an "advanced setting" only to discover that's yet another can of worms to get going. I still don't have SIP working...Multitasking is just confusingInstead of having a straighforward- what you see is what you are doing, Nokia has turned Symbian into some sort of web page where things are filling up your memory but you don't know they are running and getting to them takes page after page of "back" or "exit" or something. You will wear your fingers out with this crap. Inconveniently, the menu options never use will be the top default and what you do all the time (exit) requires three or four finger presses.Despite the fast processor, actual use is MUCH slowerEvery press is accompanied by a flashing "fade" which just wastes your time without providing useful feedback- it just makes everything slower. By slower, I mean a LOT slower. Your WAN settings aren't remembered, you have to reconnect EVERY time,OVI is just more of the sameI don't get OVI- it's a dumb name, if it's meant to include all the Symbian software it doesn't seem to come close.Not one piece of the software needed to get the basic stuff (internet radio, SIP, sync) was there and seemingly everytime I foolishly try to see if something is there it needs to update itself before it works. They should either ditch this stupid "service" ASAP and put things back on web pages which DON'T require a different registration (Nokia forums, my nokia, nokia beta labs, Ovi) or put everything in Ovi. Seriously. For instance, try and download Nokia maps from Ovi for the E72- it doesn't work. Isn't this one of the only reasons someone would buy this phone?Threaded conversations are no moreIt used to be that Nokia Converations allowed you to thread your conversations by topic, sender, etc. Conversations still can be downloaded but it no longer works- your one and only option now is just a straight list. Great maybe for a teenager who just texts for fun but try and find a conversation when you're chatting with someone- it's no fun to have to look through 100 SMS to find the one you want when with conversations you could have found it in three thumb clicks. I've ended up abandoning SMS on the phone and just use google voice SMS because it's an order of magnitude better.Nokia has REALLY screwed the pooch on this one. The E72 is a terrible downgrade in functionality from any Nokia phone I've owned before. I was always excited and pleased by the new functionality of Nokia phones- no more. Nokia's were always functional, reliable, straightforward, MADE IN EUROPE NOT CHINA, and had all the features other phone/operating systems crowed about. No more..... If this is the direction Nokia is ended I'll leave them behind.

The mobile it's great, it's work exc and very easy to use but I have a problem with the shipping because when I read the description it's said that the phone come with the car kit of navigation but it doesn't, they send me a new phone but it was the same package without the car kit of navigation, so at the end I have a little disappointment.

I have used Nokia cell phones exclusively for the past 15 years. 18 months ago, looking for my next cell phone, I selected the E72 based on the abundance of positive reviews. My experience with it has been so poor that I am no longer a Nokia man.The core issue, to me, is global software flakiness. I never know when/ how the sw is going to malfunction. I cannot count on something as fundamental as a ring or a profile. With my phone set on a given profile and ring, I am never sure that it will actually ring - it might decide to only vibrate or beep once rather than ring. It will randomly change profiles without being prompted to do so - and I never know when that might happen... To reiterate, this phone is so unreliable that you cannot count on getting a ring when waiting for a phone call!Beyond the global flakiness, there are myriads of small, but unpleasant, usability problems. You still get the "Select Connection" screen every time you unlock the keyboard - even if you disable broad band, compelling you to press exit twice. Without shortcuts it takes 4 clicks to get into Contacts. The default call list shows only dialed numbers rather than both in and out calls... I could go on multiple pages. Some of these issues you can correct through customization - others are impossible to avoid.I spent multiple hours over the past 18 months on the user's manual, forums, and support calls. I have now given up on ever getting this phone to work properly. I was looking for a solid international business phone with access to email and GPS, and that did not need too many bells and whistles. What I got was totally unusable for my basic purposes. The hardware has been solid, but the incredibly poor quality software is simply enraging. This phone is simply unable to reliably provide basic telephony features. I would not spend $50 for this incredibly flawed phone, and neither should you.

The E72 model offers more than its predecessor E71. The highly responsive Optical Navi Key to scroll quickly and smoothly through webpages, emails and menus makes the difference. The new look is elegant and distinctive. It works efficiently all day with the powerful, long-lasting battery. But if you have large hands, you're in trouble because the qwerty keyboard keys are very small, however it's still a great phone.

Awesome item, just placed the sim card and it works, the cell phone it's incredible great model and excellent brand

I've had this U.S. version of the E72 for a couple of weeks, and for a while it performed superbly.  Fast navigation, clunky UI but manageable, good sounding music player and nifty Internet Radio app.Until the freezes, crashes and 'out of memory' error messages started.The phone will hang and freeze for no particular reason: while sending a text message, browsing a photo gallery, opening the web browser, even worse, while navigating Nokia's own Ovi store.  The experience is similar to using an old, buggy version of Windows, without the virus protection.  Yeah, that bad.The *concept* of this phone is great; the actual execution is a train-wreck.  One of the most unstable phones I've ever used.Wow, what's happened to Nokia? First the N97 disaster, now this?  This is getting shipped back.

Little bit old, but still great smartphone for his price.Comes with all accessories and car holder for GPS navigation.It's open to all operators (now it works in Israel).Recommended.

This phone has a great set of features for the price. The battery life is long, the keyboard is really good, and so is the camera. However, the operating system is very unstable and the menu tree is horribly confusing and too deep. It takes many clicks to accomplish even a simple task. The phone changes settings on its own, and resetting doesn't change it back. Restarting doesn't work either. Ringtones change on their own, voice mail notifications stop appearing, text notification no longer sounds. Maps are supposed to work without having a data plan (internet) but are so slow they aren't useful. Getting a satellite lock usually takes 15 minutes or more, and has taken several hours (overnight). I could go on and on. The problems have been continuous throughout the year and a half I've owned it, so age isn't the problem, I've taken very gentle care of the phone, and I don't have any after-market applications loaded. I bought the phone directly from Nokia. Owning it has been a very frustrating and disappointing experience. You can check the Nokia forums to confirm it isn't an isolated one.

I bought my E72 in March 2010 via Amazon, I was visiting the US and wanted to get the advantage of the US prices! the software is not stable at all, even after updating it, the phone seems to be ON and all is well, but people calling me will get "can't be reached" message! I restart the phone when I am waiting for an important call to make sure it is working... I am in Jordan now which means returning the phone is not an option, it wasn't covered with international guarantee here!

Absolutely fabulous!Just as described and delivered as promised.Had to incur a state tax though. Which was added to the price at the time of purchase.

This phone is awesome. I had an E71x from AT&T I sat on with my keys and broke the screen so I needed a new phone. I am over half way through my 2 years contract and didn't want to get tied back in for another 2 years with AT&T and I wanted a full keyboard phone. For $249 I decided I might as well stay with Nokia for now as I assumed the E72 would be pretty much the same as E71 (which was OK but not great) but the E72 is so much more. Each short cut button has a double function you can set - so for example the email button on a click goes into a screen that shows all my email accounts where as if I hold it for about a second I set it to go straight to sending an SMS. To call some one you can set the usual speed dials but for the rest you just start typing their name. No need to go to contacts first, just start to type the name - awesome! The free GPS is better than the GPS that came in my car. So far with email and Skype on the battery life has been good. The Camera Quality  is also excellent. There is plenty more - get one and see!

Hello its me John.Thank You for my delivery of this Nokia E72.i AM DELIGHTED WITH THIS PHONE.NOKIA SHOULD NOT STOP POIDUCING THIS MODEL-ITS EXCELLENT-tHEY JUST NEED TO UPDATE IT.I thought delivery took a long time and they should have made it more clear of the duty being paid .Also on opening the package there were no instructions with the phone and if it were truly BRAN NEW it would have had an instruction book/leaflet.One more point although they made clear it was from the states they could have made a different plug with 3pin alternative knowing it was coming to the uk..Otherwise a good phone by nokia.One last point.I am still getting it all working yet -Takes Time and may just find myself going to Carphone Warehouse to finnish the  contacts and putting them on to the mobile Harddrive.Thats all Thank You.John.

Soy de Venezuela, apenas hoy estoy recibiendo mi Nokia, por lo poco que he revisado, puedo decir que es un buen telefono muy completo, para nosotros que trabajamos a traves de ellos,la interface me encanta, no se, si sera, porque tenia un motorola tactil (malo), lo veo tan genial, lo recomiendo. Bueno aunque es muy rapido para opinar, pero vamos a actualizar algunas cositas, a ver como funciona, y el vendedor lo recomiendo muy resposansable y puntual le doy un AAA&iexcl;

The phone shipped later than expected; delivery took about ten days even with expedited shipping. I placed the order Jul 7 and it arrived about Jul 14. The packaging was crushed but the phone works. The model delivered was an earlier version (E72-1) inferior to the one being replaced; the light and flash don't work although the camera seems better than in the E72-2. Reception is poorer in marginal locations than the E72-2 with many dropped calls in my house.Next time, check model number and shipping times carefully; it may be an older model and there may be no benefit from expedited shipping.

A few hours with Nokia customer support could not get me online with my gmail account. Although I live in California, the maps service insisted that my current location is Berlin! And there is virtually no obvious logic to the menu systems. Maybe this phone might have seemed interesting a few years ago. It sure looks decently built, but given that one can get unlocked Androids for just a bit more, it makes virtually no sense to go for one of these, unless you are an old Nokia user and are happy with the phone's many limitations. I was all excited to receive this phone (based on some of the reviews), but returned it the same day. I just don't have the time to program it and try to figure out the obvious.

Three weeks after I bought this phone, the SIM card was not recognized any more for a couple of days.After software reset and manufacturer default settings, went back to normal.But the phone was not useable for a couple of days.Overall, did not have other problems and the phone works ok.

I purchased this phone 10 months ago and I've been disappointed in it almost from the very beginning. I bought it unlocked at full price because I travel frequently to Africa and Latin America for work and want to be able to use local SIM cards and local service to avoid AT&T;'s OUTRAGEOUS international roaming rates. Since I am frequently on the road (literally - in a car), I use my smartphone to take notes that I can later transfer to my laptop.First what I DO like about it: it's light, fits well in the hand and the pocket - not too bulky, easy to carry. Looks nice, too. Short list, though.Now what I don't like: The operating system in general is awkwardly designed. Some very basic functions (like "Save" in QuickOffice - the stand-in for MS Office) are located at the bottom of a long string of options on a drop-down menu. You can't save frequently while typing without scrolling through a long list of much less frequently used functions - very annoying and inefficient. GPS works sometimes, but doesn't integrate well with the contacts list (e.g., search on GPS requires typing in the full address rather than choosing from a pick-list). This is true even in the US where directions are easy.Web browser is awkward - most web pages don't adapt to the phone's screen, so content is difficult or impossible to read and navigate. Pages loads slowly or not at all. Impossible to download attachments to emails - even if they're small (&lt; 1M). Documentation, both printed and on-line, is limited and difficult to search. Took me forever to find simple things like how to turn off predictive text when using messaging. Tech support is also poor - the device kept popping up with messages saying it was searching for a WLAN connection, even after I turned it off - several layers of tech support personnel insisted there was nothing wrong or that nothing could be done to avoid the problem, but it was very difficult to get escalated to someone who knew what they were doing. The phone often crashes after software updates, then recovers hours later for no discernible reason. Meanwhile, soft resets, power-off, battery removal, etc., have no effect.On my last trip to Ghana, the phone worked fine with a local SIM card (Vodafone) for several days, then stopped working entirely - the same chip worked perfectly in phones belonging to my colleagues - SIM cards from other carriers (MTN, Zain) were the same: worked in their phones, not in mine. Finally had to buy a cheap local phone to get me through the rest of the trip.Synchronizes, sort of, with MS Outlook - I'm not a big Outlook fan, but it's what my office uses - can't get away from it - and even through Nokia PC Suite, the application that's supposed to make the two systems communicate with one another, the fields in contact records often don't match and information gets lost, particularly if its in the notes field.In developing countries, it's still possible to get a phone that's just a phone - no camera, no word processer, no GPS or internet browser - and Nokia seems to do pretty well with these devices. But this so-called "Smart" phone isn't very smart and when I can replace the E72 - which I hope will be soon! - I will stay away from Nokia.

The E72 is one of the best phones ever created.... I am a proud owner of tons of phones and tons more over the last 10 years. The Nokia E72 is a beast.... and I save that category for the rarest of gadgets. Let me explain why (briefly).Right now I have an Iphone 2g, Ipaq 910, Bold 9700, and the E72. All of my phones serve a purpose in my ever changing lifestyle.The Iphone is probably the best pda device ever made- emails, sms, mms (now), apps, shortcuts, games, and ease of use. But its still lacking, to me, in various areas- lagging, running multiple apps, camera quality, and battery. Most importantly, I hate going in and out of apps- when closed its closed.The Ipaq 910- is probably one of the worst devices ever purchased; yet when running, its the king of pocketpc's. It was tethering at speeds of 10.2 almost 3 years ago. Now everyone is trying to include 3.5g speeds. Sadly, the battery life sucks and it crashes more than a toddler on training wheels. I still have it and refuse to part ways.The BB 9700 is hands down bb's best effort to me; I would say its the best mobile device on the market. I even added the droid interface and the droid ringtone to spice it up. The track ball is gone and the track pad is even more addictive. It now has a 624 processor and all the bells and whistles, needless to say the best email system going. However, I just get bored with it. I cant figure it out.Now E72 is my second Nokia... I bought the N97 in June but the price wasnt worth keeping. Nonetheless, it was a quality device. I read about the E72 recently and fell in love with the specs.Pros-Battery life- is unbelievable! None of the aforementioned phones can last a day without dragging out a car charger or a wall charger. The E72 can last 2 days with running: emails, taking pics, creating videos, tons of sms,  apps, and tons of phone calls.Camera- is great. I love the quality of the 5mp pictures. The quality changes at night I might add. I almost forgot the front facing camera too.Phone quality- unbelievable calls...with headphones, bluetooth, or device calls.sms- sure its not threaded sms but there are programs that can change the UI if needed.Operating system- yes its outdated but its solid as a rock...I will take that all day long. Whats worst than having no phone? A phone that crashes... the symbian 60 is like a old BMW, period.Track pad/clicker- track pad is not as good as the bb but combined with the usual Nokia E series clicker pad make a great combination.Web Browser- excellent.. The best in its class.Video Calling- recently Fring added skype video calling... I was blown away.Audio messenging- every now and then when I am in a hurry I like to record audio messages oppose to sms...great addition.Contacts, calendar interface- its smooth...if you can marry with google sync...its even better.tethering- no need to purchase a program, it does it for you. You can even add a 3rd party program to make it a hotspot....3.5g- its the fastest phone its class... and if you can buy it unlock, you can take advantage of the various network speeds. No need to buy wifi while traveling.3.5mm headjack outlet- I ran my jbl desktop speakers and last.fm... unbelievable.Nokia Office is a great program with Office and Pdf capability...GPS with OVI maps is superb... now that its free, its a must have with any Nokia.OTA upgrades,no more using the usb port to upgrade....Cons-*Email interface is cumbersome... but now that there is Nokia Email, its a lot better. However, I added Seven push email and its comparable to having BB push service.*Email Links from Browser- I hate that I cant email a friend a good article from a website... maybe I am missing it some how.*Nothing is in alphabetical order...when changing apps... Most are all over the place.*LED flash is on the keypad not the top...I kinda miss the blackberry flashing light.*On screen function icons too small-like sending a text or email, alarm, and bluetooth... are too small and if you need to know if a email is sent, you have to pay close attention to the sent icon or check the outbox...*Must use signed aps if not, you can forget it unless you spend hours trying to get it signed...*Usb jack and phone charger jack different....Overall I still say this is the best gadget phone out...its a thinking mans phone because a lot of the capabilities are hidden and require work. However, once you have mastered it, you have a mp3 player, an entry level 5mp hotshot, great phone, pda, pocketpc, video camera, great gps, social networker (Nokia Facebook and Twitter Gravity, video caller, and a hotspot.I highly recommend the Unlocked version oppose to ATT bloatware crasher versions....

first i bouth to phone nokia e71 thats awesome phone but i gave as a gift to my close friend after iboutgh ths phone  but no worth like e 71 battary life so low smart navigation key not a usefullif u wanna buy this phone dont do it rather buy e 761 and save money and get to good phone only the difference each other cam thats it be for this reviev i returned to phone

this phone is just great i had the iphone for a month and dreaded it i dont understand why everyone wants an iphone. anyways this fone is great for email its great with navi and the texting is ok but its somthing ull get over..... internet is fast for a phone... has all the apps u really want to use overall GREAT PHONE HAVENT CHARGED IT IN 2 DAYS!

If you don't care for touchscreens, this is probably the best unlocked phone out there. I have used it for about 2 years and it has excellent voice quality, loud speakerphone, good 5MP camera with video recording and free turn-by-turn GPS w/o requiring a special GPS plan from service provider. Internet and 3.5G works well and can also function as an internet modem for your laptop on the go. It does not feel cheap plasticy and does not feel bulky. It is not dependant on cell towers for GPS signal and uses real satellites for directions if towers are out of range.Battery lasts for about 5 days after moderate use of voice, email and web browsing.Regarding the operating system/ ease of use, Nokia has released latest upgrades that make it easier to use. Installing the latest version of Nokia Suite (from NokiaUSA website) on your computer will ensure the E72 gets all the latest and greatest OS upgrades.Recommended as a worthwhile non-touch smartphone w/o service contract restrictions!

I bought this to use as a phone and not have phone co. data service but instead use the email and other connected features over wifi.  The phone part seems ok.  The data over wifi is basically unusable.  Each instance you would like to use the wifi data you have to manually connect by moving through 6 menus.  The phone should be able to auto connect to know networks without users having to dig through archaic interface menus.  Otherwise it it a fine phone but really, why even include wifi as a feature when the phone can't barely even use it?

This a one of the best smartphones by Nokia. I've been using it for past 1 year and it has not let me down. True, the speakerphone and the OS might need an upgrade but overall, I am happy with it.

Nokia's E72 is an amazing phone. I'm sure a lot of people will find this handset to be worth every cent. Compared with other full-qwerty phones, this E72 rates very highly.However, the Nokia E71 was a major selling phone globally, but got very little media coverage.Nokia, the dominant player in the global mobile market, gained mind share in the late 90s the old fashion way...delivering good phones to customers. There was relatively very little talk about Nokia in the press, but a lot of viral word of mouth.I'm very skeptical of the large media coverage of Apple iPhone, RIM Blackberry and Google Android. I can partly understand RIM's success in that they consistently targeted business users with push email. I've seen people use the iPhone in such a way to make sure that people around notice they're using something that's the current media talking point. I know of a few guys who buy iPhones only to give it to their wife, who use the iPhone for a while and then change to a more robust Nokia phone.I find that Nokia have a wide range of handset designs that are suited to a larger spectrum of users (teens, moms, young adults, professionals, seniors).However, some of the good phones seem to lack just "one thing" to attract full blown media blitz...not enough RAM, or lower res camera or keypad size or screen size.Nokia need to come up with a "cool and complete" phone every once in a while and commit more towards promoting that "cool and complete" model in the media.Nokia seem to be content to let the sales volumes speak up for some of their popular models (eg N95, E71), but supporting the sales volume with some marketing campaign may help to capture back some of the mindshare and the media space.Nokia's marketing certainly need to get their act together and put across a conherent message for each phone or range of phones.

This is an excellent smartphone with a qwerty keyboard and probably one of the best for any heavy texter. Speaking of which, the keys are very small, but trust me--you should not have problems with them. I have fairly large thumbs (I'm 6' 3&#34; with appropriate size hands) and I had no problem (sure, it takes a little getting used to) since the keys are not flat but raised and... pyramid-like in shape which makes them easier to feel (and helps not press multiple ones at the same time). The one texting-related flaw is that this particular model does not support threaded SMS view (at least not out of the box). The phone overall feels very sturdy and looks very elegant. It's also good for light browsing, but if you plan to use the phone a lot for internet access, I would recommend something with a bigger screen (the only reason why I switched to a Samsung Galaxy Ace 2).

This is my first smartphone and I really like it. It's got everything I need and more. GPS, 3G, Bluetooth and Wifi.The only thing I don't like about it is the browser. Websites that are not designed for mobile phones don't display very well. But that was expected. I think only iPhones and Androids do good with that feature.

Just had this phone over a week. And comparing with my wife's E71x, it's faster in terms of going thru menus. An Updated UI, smaller in length but has the same screen size. Weight is about the same. Added a front camera lens next to the light sensor(5.0 mpix in the back). 4GB micro card(all downloaded programs and maps are in here-replaced with 8GB micro class 6 card). Another feature added is the flash light(pressing the space bar for 3 secs),it's okay. Also comes with the car "Holder Easy Mount" that attaches to the inside of your windsheild or dashboard by way of suction. And free Ovi maps,which works well. And that's it basically. Iam enjoying the E72 very much! All calls are clear in both ends,bluetooth pair without issues,texting easy and light to the touch. Wi-fi very fast loading of pages. Seems wifey wouldn't mind getting an update to this phone,she likes it too!

I have been using this smart phone for about 2 months now.  And while this device was advertized as the smart phone that was supposed to take over the Blackberry (The Economist and other magazines), in many aspects there is still much to be improved.So let me first say that I am a Nokia fan and for almost 2 years I productively and satisfyingly used the E71, a well built and reliable smart phone.Would I recommend buying the Nokia E72?  NO.I would rather suggest to either purchase its predecessor, the reliable E71, or to wait for the new Snapdragon-based (CPU) Nokia Symbian phones.The Hardware: The E72 CPU is definitely faster than that of the E71.  Battery life is good.  However, the construction and casing of the E71 was much better than the new E72.For instance, Nokia, among other things, redesigned the battery cover, by reducing the latches to a single latch located in the lower section of the upper side of the battery cover .On four different occasions, while on a call, I found the battery in my hand, with the expected sudden termination of the call and the long rebooting sequence to get back on line.The optical trackpad implementation could have been much better (too sensitive).  The display feels a bit small, and the loudspeaker isn't loud enough.The GPS:  I also experienced very long delays (between 5-10 minutes!) before the internal phone GPS would recognize any satellite and start functioning (this happened on a regular basis both in the EU and in US).The software.  The firmware that originally came with the phone, as of today I haven't heard of any new releases, is buggy, to say the least.The phone hangs often (with re-booting required) and the Bluetooth disconnects frequently from my car hands free device (also Nokia) while on a call.Nokia, disappointingly, also removed important business software from the E72 such as the Podcasting software, Internet radio and SIP client (all very useful business applications that were installed in the previous E71).  However, as someone else already pointed out, Nokia at least upgraded its Office applications (Quickoffice) to edit Office 2007 documents.Nokia has also added Multiscanner, Font Magnifier and Wpresenter, as standard applications.  I guess Nokia had to remove software somewhere in order to add the upgraded Quickoffice apps...If you happen to start the Psiloc World Traveler application on your E72 (as I did), you will receive continuous requests to connect your phone to the Internet via an annoying menu that pops up  regularly (Select connection). There is also no way to uninstall any of the pre-installed applications, and I have been told that there is no way to eliminate these Internet access pop-ups, unless you hard-reset the phone.Moreover, when you set up your IMAP email account in the E72, all outgoing mail will sit in your phone with no way to set up the client with the sent mail folder linked to your IMAP mail server (like most mail client apps).I conclusion, If Nokia releases new Firmware, I may increase my review to 4 stars, however, I believe that the Nokia E72 and E71 product managers should have met to discuss the redesign before producing a phone that is definitely inferior to its predecessor.

After using several phones, this is the best phone ever used.Has all the options in a phone thatI want. Still suprices me with all the futures on it.

I bought this phone based on these recommendation and it was a total flop. The user interface and responsiveness of the phone left much to be desired. I will not recommend this phone to anyone. Nokia needs to sort out it's GUI and firmware issues. The only thing that I liked was the GPS navigation system. The voice aided navigation was good. Call quality was Ok. I have returned this phone back to Amazon.

A little background first. I have used Nokia phones since 1998 and found them reliable and virtually indestructible. I decided to move to a smartphone, no Nokia models were available. My first smartphone ran winmo. It would constantly freeze up and battery life was horrible. I then got a Palm Centro and loved it! It had it's own problems (would reboot randomly and the build quality wasn't great) but overall it was a good little phone. After about 17 months it failed and I couldn't upgrade using my plan. I purchased a unlocked Nokia E63 and was back in the Nokia fold. Build quality was great. When the E72 was announced I decided to go for it. The first reviews from the blogs and tech sites were glowing so I felt good about ordering it. Then the user reviews started....Build quality problems and the "made in China" complaints made me doubt my decision. Along with other problems.... I received my E72 a little over a month ago and was disappointed in the build quality, especially the loose battery cover. In fact, I went to check out the Blackberry Bold 9700 which was on sale for $89 (after rebate)at Best Buy Mobile. I wasn't impressed with it's build quality either though. Also I was afraid of the AT&T; cripple ware that would probably be installed. So I decided to give the E72 a try. I installed my sim and booted up. Push email installed flawlessly and worked great. I suffered none of the problems other users were reporting. I figured I had lucked out and had gotten a "good" one. After a week the loose battery cover settled in and while still not a perfect fit,it was no longer loose. Then week 3 happened...The first problem occurred while attempting to place a call. The phone would let me dial a number but the call would not complete. Of course I figured it was the (AT&T;) network. I then realized I couldn't send text messages either. I did a "soft" reboot and that fixed the problem. A couple of days later, I got the dreaded "space bar doesn't work" problem. Again, a soft reboot fixed this problem. The next day while using the browser, the phone rebooted on its own. Today I got the "buzzing/squeal" problem while talking. Yet again, a restart solved the problem.In my opinion for what it's worth, I think Nokia released this phone in time for the holiday season without the proper quality control. All of these problems can be fixed by a firmware update. The N900 got one today so hopefully the E72 will receive one soon.I apologize for the long winded review. Flame on?

Just got this phone in Nov. 2010.  My wife has the previous version, the Nokia E71. Compared to the E71, the E72 is just as thin, it's solid (stainless steel!), and it's just as reliable. It has a number of improvements, including faster processor (very noticeable), nicer camera, and a bunch of software improvements:- The email software is MUCH nicer- Defaulting to WiFi, when available, happens seamlessly (getting this to happen on E71 seemed confusing)- Lots more options for customizing, and changing settings- OVI maps included by defaultOne downside, which applies to all Nokia phones: People are just not making very many apps for Symbian. This is confusing to me, as Symbian has a huge market share. For example, I was interested in a music streaming service; I looked into Rhapsody, Ubuntu One, and Pandora. All of these services have apps for Android and iPhone, but not for Symbian. The included apps, however, are very nice: Email, web browser, internet radio (and regular FM), music player, and OVI Maps all work really well.A good choice for someone who wants a slim solid phone with VERY long battery life, doesn't care about touchscreens, likes to have a real qwerty keyboard, and doesn't care about downloading tons of apps.

I was looking for a smartphone which has easy and acessible keyboard for sending quick messages and e-mails. I think it's good on it. Anyway, its keys could be a little bigger, so it'd better to type out. It works good for configuring e-mails and fast on installing apps.

This Nokia E72 is a fully featured phone (all smartphone stuff, wifi, stable OS, document editor, radio, heck even a flashlight, etc.) but fails in one aspect: its construction is not as good as the Nokia E71Nokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS Navigation, Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray). Its "chin" creaks when pressed and its battery door does not close well, which indicate not-so-good quality control on this E series model. I learned that these problems were experienced by many E72 users. But as a phone, good call quality and very good signal always. I bought this phone on clearance at a third of its original price years ago (not on Amazon) so it's ok I guess, but I would not recommend it if you would have to pay full price.

en realidad este telefono cumplio con las espectativas, lo unico que deberia mejorar es el rendimiento de la bateria ya que con 2 dias de buen uso ya la bateria muere.  buena recepcion , el gps hasta el momento muy bien

excellent siugnal, quielity, is very good product Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation - U.S... Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation - U.S...

570$ vs 230$ as of today (July 2010)~300$ differenceGo with E71 - won't loose much but will keep 300$ in your pocket

I really want to like this phone but it is an utter disappointment (my previous was the E71).  The only good thing about the E72 is the 5MP camera that takes decent pictures.  But unfortunately the "flash" focus light (can't be disabled) tends to ruin close up pictures. I miss the manual focus on the E71.The new 3.5mm audio port is a double edge sword. Finally, you can use regular earphones to listen to music on your E72. But unfortunately Nokia likes to ruin the fun by using proprietary wiring for the 3.5mm port. So 99.9% of the 3.5mm earphone w/ mic on the market (apple, skull candy, maximo, jbuds, v-moda) won't work with the E72. Because of the proprietary wiring, the sound output from these regular 3.5mm earphones with mic sounds like rubbish.Another nuisance I encountered is the badly designed recessed buttons(OK, CANCEL & DIAL, HANGUP). I tend to use these buttons a lot more than the short cut buttons (HOME, CALENDAR, ADDRESS BOOK, MESSAGE) and can't help constantly pressing the wrong buttons when I want to send messages, ok or cancel out of something. The short space bar is also pretty annoying. But, I do like the regular symbols being available on the keyboard rather than having to select them from a menu on the E71. Overall, I would prefer the E71 buttons layout.I'm also disappointed with FP2. I keep running into out of memory errors even though I have no applications running. This is probably due to bad programming and memory leaks. But I do have to give credit to Nokia for making the contacts, calendar and message transfer between my E71 and E72 seamless.All I can say is, come on Nokia you have been in the business longer than anyone else, stop messing around and get your act together. Everyone else is gaining market share and you are losing it all.

I am very happy I bought this phone, has many features that will be useful to me every day, is exactly as It said the publication, I do not regret having invested in this cell.

I bought this as I was looking for a good phone without entering into a contract. A phone that could connect to the wifi. So far so good.Pros:Good product.Easy to get the map updates.Good voice quality.Good connectivity.Build quality is good.Cons:Speakerfone volume is too low compared to the blackberry pearl that I used.The data cable is too short.Overall, I would recommend it. The shipping was quick, I had opted for the free shipping and got it in 4 days without any problems.

good work and nice product.verry verrrry veriy verey niice worrrk..nlocked for use around the world except on Verizon and Sprint in the US. Good call quality and data speed. Adequate storage with expansion

I had an e-71 and (after substantial firmware upgrading) it was fantastic.  The E-72 is even better.  The first one that was shipped to me had no battery life.  I sent it back and received a replacement.  With Push email (Microsoft Exchange) turned on, it wasn't any better.  I set the mail update to every 15 minutes and it worked great.  After about two weeks I set it back to "Always ON" and for some reason it solved all the battery problems.  I have 1-Exchange, 1-Yahoo and 3-Hotmail accounts all with "always on" push mail. I also do a fair amount of internet usage, GPS etc..  Some coworkers use I-Phones for similar usage and are lucky to last the whole day.  This E-72 goes 2 or 3 days with intense use.  Great software with it, Camera is surprisingly good, Free Maps and Voice navigation.I was worried it wouldn't be enough of an upgrade from my E-71...but it was.

This is really a very smart phone! Actualy it's my First Nokia. Bofore I use to have very fency phones from LG, Sumsung. LG- was a disaster:-( but as to my Nokia E72 I was impressed from the very first minute. It's like a tiny computer,I had read all the technical details, but what relly surprised me as a foreigner is that it had a dictionary loaded in it. It's amazing, besides with Wi-Fi I can use any on-line dictionaries... I do like my new phone.I've already recommended it to lots of my friends in many different countries.

I love this phone, great price, great camera (a lot of photo editing options), excelent battery (if used wisely),  responsive keyboard, fast internet surfing, and VERY nice look and built. The only thing people complain is that maybe Symbian OS is not as user friendly as other platforms such as Android, Windows mobile or others, but with a little research over google you can get the juice from this business phone and find out how great it is.

I have this phone for one year now using it every day and I am still very pleased with it. I am so pleased with it that I purchase over $100 in accessories including an Otterbox case and have intentions of spending another $200. I will admit that out of the box its a bit buggy and slow. But after the second upgrade hey this baby plays even HD video flawless. The camera takes decent photos, the office applications is a dream to work with, and the apps really bring out the power this baby packs. There is a lot of negative said about the OS but just take some time to learn it and you will be hooked. If you want a good business phone that is a work horse, that you can also have some fun with and you don't have a ton load of bucks to spend, then look no further. I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE WITH 5+ STARS.

I bought this phone based on reviews on E71 and my old confidence on Nokia. But Nokia did an excellent job to mess up this phone. I couldn't believe they released this phone with so many software bugs. I was frustrated to set up the email, it was ok at the begining, but after my yahoo email is up and running, I was trying to set up the gmail, and found that all yahoo email configuration got into the gmail account. Then the nightmare started, oh.. my...Nokia should be a cell phone manufacture, they shouldn't get into smart phone unless they are sure they got some smart people.

I have an unlocked E71-1 (Euro version) I bought used on ebay and have used for about 2 yrs. I love it, even though I now have to charge the batteries outside the phone (on board charging regulator chip died and it is not worth replacing). It has been great for my purposes. I travel internationally a lot and it works everywhere, even Japan and Korea ( which do not support regular GSM bands, but only the 2100 MHz UMTS band, which the E71-1 has but the US E71-2 lacks). Excellent battery life.  I have not missed the US 3G much. The one downer on the E71 is the camera, which even after many firmware upgrade releases still tints photos green-blue, esp. in low light. `But it  does have  autofocus with close up mode, and works decently with good light.I recently got an E72-2 (US version), and am delighted with its improved features. It charges both on the Nokia small pin charger and via micro USB, and its battery life is even better than that of the E72. It supports all four GSM bands, the original 1900 MHz N American 3G band, the newer 850 MHz 3G band used in N America, Australia, and S. America, and the 2100 MHz 3G band used outside the US. The only coverage it lacks is the 1700/2100 duplex 3G band used by T-Mobile. (I am on AT&T;). Thus, the E72 is a universal phone that will work anywhere. The camera resolution has been increased to 5 MP, it still has autofocus, close up mode,  the tint problem has been resolved, and now it even does time lapse. The keyboard layout has been improved, though the smaller space bar and the touch feature on the D-pad take some getting used to (you can turn the touch pad feature off).The E72 has a tweaked version of the Symbian S60v3 operating system, which I am used to having started with Psions years ago. This works fine for me, but is considered obsolete by the techie blogs, and Nokia is (sadly) going to abandon Sybmian for Windows Phone in future products.  A full version of Quickoffice is embedded and works well, and additional useful software can be had for modest prices from Handango and other sites. A more powerful PDF reader than that already built in is also available for about $10 or less from Quikoffice.I speak several languages, and use excellent dictionaries from MobiSystems and Slovoed. There also lots of free and paid utilities in the Ovi store, on the Handango, Paragon, Mobisystems, and Psiloc web sites that are worth a look.For email, I mostly use the mobile Gmail app from Google. The E72 also has a built in email client, For web browsing, I use the excellent Symbian optimized version of Opera Mini 6. Note that using the unlocked E71 and E72 on AT&T; does not require you to purchase a more expensive Smartphone data package---I use the regular phone unlimited data package that (when combined with Family Messaging) costs $10/month. (note that you cannot get this lovely unlimited deal as a new user anymore, there are 100MB etc packages, but still cheaper than a Smartphone data plan).The E72 has VPN capability, but the configuration documentation is cryptic, and I have not used it. It can be done, there are several web guides.If you are very nearsighted like me, you can take your glasses off and watch movies in the  plane  on the E72 in MP4 (built in Realplayer) or AVI (using the paid Smartmovie or Coreplayer software). I am not sure that normal sighted people would find this workable without strong reading glasses.There are tradeoffs here to be sure. The 2.4"screen is smaller than that on newer touch screen phones (iPhone, Nokia N97 mini, Android etc). But this allows room for a QWERTY keyboard without requiring a slider which makes a phone thicker and less robust.All in all, I find the E72 nearly ideal for my purposes. Thin and compact, QWERTY keyboard, good camera (though not the equal of that in the N82 and other camera-centric phones), abundant software.  I am using it as my main phone, and also take the E71 on travel as a spare and to use with overseas SIM cards (the E71 and E72 use the same battery, another convenience).After experimenting with several cases, I have now settled on an Invisible Shield for the screen, and a perforated plastic back cover from an ebay vendor ($4). I carry the phone in a pants pocket, or on a lanyard in my shirt breast pocket (untethered phones in shirt pockets often end their lives underwater).Prices for good used E72s on ebay are dropping to ~$150 (and sometimes even less)  as people jump to iPhones and Android phones. Add a Squaretrade warranty for $25 or so and you have an unlocked, all band, WiFi capable, budget priced Smartphone.Highly recommended.

I've had this phone for a few weeks and I have to say that so far I couldn't be happier.First of all, make no mistake, this is a business phone. If you are undecided between a Nokia E72 and a Blackberry then you are on the right path. But if you are looking for a touchscreen phone (think iPhone) then you'd better look elsewhere. Of course the E72 can play videos and music beautifully (it's 600mhz processor is quite fast) but this phone is definitively business oriented.So I will not compare this phone to an iPhone or anything similar because that would be like comparing apples to oranges. Comparing it to a Blackberry makes more sense. Well, it's definitively faster, lighter and thinner than a Blackberry. I also like the keyboard better. Actually, I absolutely love the QWERTY keyboard, it's easy on the fingers but it feels firm and well built at the same time.Navigation improved quite a bit thanks to the tiny optical touchpad and you still have E71's directional keys if you prefer them.As I mentioned before, the processor is quite fast and the user interface is snappy and responsive, exactly what a business user needs.  I'm also surprised by the excellent battery life (several days in a row with 3.5G on).Did I mention how thin it is? Just 0.39 inches! Even the iPhone is thicker at 0.48 inches and the Blackberry phones range between 0.53 and 0.60 inches... my E72 makes them look like burritos :) So if you care about form factor as much as I do, you're not going to be disappointed.Finally, I don't get why some people are complaining about the build quality. I'm slightly abusive with my phones... my previous phone was an LG and it broke in no time. This phone, on the other hand, feels compact and sturdy. I haven't dropped this one yet but I've had many Nokia phones before and I know for a fact they can take a lot of damage before they stop working.

i have already used my friends mobile which was this make, so did not have troubles in expectations of the product.The shipping was good and prompt and the product was delivered as shown or described.

This phone has great software and features but its build quality is poor in comparison to its predecessor the E71.  Loud speaker is not particularly good, the D-pad is terrible and the d-pad button, due to the optical navi feature, is always loose.  The phone feels very cheap in the hand and battery door is poorly designed to where the latch is easily tripped and the cover occasional comes off.I would not recommend this phone, Get an E71 and you will get the a Nokia handset with superb build quality and software that is pretty much the same as E72 with mostly no insignificant differences that most users, including my self, don't miss.

I'm a very happy with the upgrades for this phone, the OS interface is neater vs E71 and the Nokia Messanging service makes a breeze the email setup for most common services as hotmail, yahoo, gmail and so on. The 3.5 mm headphone makes the phone useful as an alternative source for your music and radio, since  you dont have to use the crappy set that comes with the phone, and use your favourite without worrying about carrying on the adapter. Chat services, as well as facebook and youtube apps work without any problems.For me, this phone never crashed as other users have stated, perhaps they just have to update the firmware with ovi suite, which is replacing all the stand by itself nokia services. This makes the syncing of your contacts, agenda, mapas, routes, very easy, since all of them are stored on one account as that one of your mail and its free.The maps work great, the positioning service that nokia uses as alternative to the GPS, make the position acquisition very fast, like google maps. Also the compass makes easier the map reading, if you are not an scout.The accelerometer has a few use with the phone, but a 3rd party app can take advange of it.I'm giving four stars because although the keyboard has upgrades like direct shortcuts for BT, light, most common special characters, etc, the general construction, except by the battery cover is not like the metallic body of the E71. I'm not saying this means a less resistant body, in fact is lighter due to this, and less prone to be dented on a fall, but the aesthetics are better on the E71 with its full elegant metal body. It's also fair to say that the brushed aluminium front is less prone to fingerprints, oppositte to that of the E71.I'm happy with the purchase and compared with another nokia phones as some other from different manufacturers is an excellent option to choose from.

I gave this cell phone to my wife as a gift.  After a month, she has not experienced any problems.  We forgot to call AT&T; to upgrade our data plan, when we did they were kind enough to backdate the change and not charge us for excess usage.When it is time to replace my phone, I will be certainly looking at the E72 as well.

After much research I decided on the E72 and picked one up about a month ago.  The iPhone data/voice plan is to expensive with AT&T; and I could not find a good Android QWERTY phone (not interested in touch screen or keyboard slider phones).  I looked at the E71/E71x and the camera was sub par and disliked the non-standard headphone jack.  Enter the E72.  The phone is simply awesome.Major pros:Camera/Video-takes great pictures and videos.  More like an early 5mp digital camera, less like a cell phone.Stability-The phone flat out works well.  It only takes a few moments to power on and it is rock solid.  My old Blackjack II (Windows Mobile 6.1) crashed and burned at least once a day.GPS/Ovi Maps-The GPS takes about 10 seconds to get a lock, even inside my house.  Free lifetime Ovi maps!  Voice guided turn by turn directions (can even use different languages or accents).  It took 5 minutes for GPS to fire up on my Blackjack II.Reception-has a signal in places where my old phone had no service.WiFi-Very good wifi radio; grabs a signal when needed and after a few moments you are surfing the internet.Display-24 bit display can be seen during the day.Symbian OS-There is a learning curve to it, but once you figure it out it makes sense.Looks/Build-The phone feels substantial in your hand and is well built.  I like the added touch of the stainless steel battery cover.Battery Life-Yes! A smartphone that doesn't have to be charged everyday!  I can go at least a couple of days on a charge and during that time be listening to mp3's, surfing the internet and checking e-mails. power to spare (be warned if you are using wi-fi and/or using bluetooth for extended times the battery does drop much faster).Nokia Internet Radio-now included with the phone.  Listen to thousands of stations around the world for free.Flash Lite support-can watch You Tube videos using native browserMajor Cons (none of them deal breakers for me)No threaded text messaging.  I do miss thisNo native support for Windows Media Streaming for video or audio (problem solved by purchasing Kinoma Play, which is an awesome product)No native Divx supportNot a lot of native customizing options out of the boxThe supplied USB cable is only 8" long-glad I have a laptop!Speakerphone and earpiece could be louderDifficult (but not impossible) to multitask while on a call, examples bringing up your contacts or reading a text messageCan slow down or get unstable with apps it doesn't seem to like; downloaded Fring and Auto We-Fi from the Ovi store and the phone started hanging and locking up; deleted them one at a time and the phone went back to normal (no loss with the programs, I did not like them much anyway).I recommend this phone to anyone looking for a QWERTY bar phone.  It is second to none.Added bonus if you have AT&T;:  This phone is not classified as a smartphone at AT&T; (they don't sell it).  You can use regular Media Net unlimited or the family data plans and get unlimited data use-for almost half the price of the smartphone/PDA plans.

This is a good phone which give you flexibility. You can easily access basic information such as calendar, contacts and notes, but also can easily access your emails, and even a good GPS navigation system. I installed the Garmin GPS for Nokia and worked perfectly!!A bit larger screen would be a nice upgrade for the ESeries Nokia phones.

after having motorola, palm, sony ericsson and other nokia i just have to say this phone is amazing , all its features are the result of years of R&D; from nokia.Highly recommened, you wont stop texting and using it all day long.Buy!

it's a really really good device, especialy for bussines users, it have realy cool pre instll ed aplications that are very usefull, also it's realy easy to set up the e-mail and chat accounts.The speed it's decent, i mean, it's not too fast but eiter isn't too slow. Battery life is reealy good, qwerty keyboard feels really good, the opti nav is quite good.

Okay .. I fell in love with this phone the first time I saw it in the market overseas when I was travelling .. It was love at first sight .. They keep working models there as compared to dummy ones in the US, so I was actually able to touch, feel and use the phone for some time .. When I returned, my usual research began, which lasted about a month or so .. With each line I read about the E72, and each video I watched, my love for it kept on growing .. The only reason why I waited a month, was to get an answer to whether AT&T; would slap me with a $30/mo data plan even though this phone isn't branded by AT&T; (but is a smartphone nevertheless) .. However I simply could not suppress my urge to get the E72 for myself anymore and ordered 2 of these phones - one from Amazon (for myself), and one from another online merchant (as a gift for someone) ..The phone is really sexy and boasts of a really fast processor and the User Interface is too good .. Having used this phone for about a week, I started believing, I won't ever be able to live without it .. It connects to the web (wifi or 3g) seamlessly and syncing stuff from my computer and my email was very snappy .. The camera did an awesome job .. Overall I was satisfied with my investment .. inspite of some knick-knack below ..1. The battery cover felt kinda loose (as others have pointed out too). it seemed to move a bit, but wasn't too bad. I guess just a loose cover, but was okay with me since it wasn't falling off ..2. The optical track pad needed some getting used to .. I turned it off and then again on .. Guess navigating around the menus is easier with the track-pad ..3. Battery life .. with 3G and internet usage, it felt as if it was a bit on the lower side .. I did not push it to the limits, but charging once every 2.5 days is okay with me ..4. The pouch that came with it was very cheap, so were the headphones and the USB cable was about 1 inch long !! Come-on Nokia you can't be that stingy !!!5. The keypad LED placements and the button placements was kinda not thought over by the device makers .. 2 LEDs used to wink straight in my eye though the gaps between the buttons and that was annoying6. The sound cracked when put on the speakerphone at the full volume .. Very low quality speaker drums I guess ..Well, inspite of these flaws, I still loved my E72 until -----------One fine day, I found that the optical track pad stopped working .. I checked the settings and it was enabled .. I turned the feature off, and then again on, but no use .. I then turned off my phone, and turned it on again ,but the optical pad refused to recognize my finger movements over it .. Finally I decided to restore factory settings on the phone .. and viola !! the optical pad started working, but the resolution of the screen went from 640x480 to something like 480x320 ... Everything was bigger, bolder, pixelated .. The text was broken, and was being overlapped with frames and windows ... I tried everything in my might - software update, restart, drain battery and restart with full charge, change SIM, re-restore factory settings, but nothing seemed to work ..I was so heart-broken I had no choice but to return the phone .. Guess faulty software and firmware .. but I am glad that things went bad before the return period ended .. The phone is great, but again in order to make such a great product with awesome features, nokia compromised on the quality of the build and hardware used to make the body of the phone ..

The hardware on this phone is fantastic, great build quality a solid device. The software is another story.... Symbian seems like a full feature O/S it can pretty much do everything under the hood Android and iOS can do. So what's wrong with this phone you ask???The user interface... is absolute garbage, the phone feels like it's designed by engineers meaning it can do everything if you have time to dig through menu after menu after menu of configurations. 90% of the time the stuff you want to do day to day is pretty basic so you want to be able to do it QUICKLY which is NOT how the user interface designers designed this phone. The E series phone is supposed to be a BUSINESS oriented phone meaning messaging is a key feature. However this phone doesn't support sub folders in imap meaning you can only see your inbox you can't sync your drafts, sent items etc... you also can't sync any sub folders you have in your mail box this is absolutely critical.Aso this phone can get unstable after a little while of use, you'll randomly start running out of memory to the point where the phone cannot boot up because there's not enough free memory. The only thing you can do to fix this is "hard reset" erasing all your data and factory resetting your phone. This is actually a solution from Nokia, who wants to manage memory on a phone?

Great phone as described, but it would have been nice to have previous owner data erased (factory reset anyone???)MC

I've had my phone for about 3 weeks and I am very pleased with my purchase.  I would agree with the other positive comments left by others. It amost seems like I am addicted to this phone.  Whether thats bad or good it's up to you.  I am always playing with it, checking out different feature, downloading apps, tweeking stuff. For me it is fantastic.  It you are a little techie and like exploring stuff, then for sure you will love this phone.The only draw back for me, and I stress for me, is the memory.  It is 4 GB.  I use that up real fast, so I had an old phone with 8GB that use instead of the one that was provided.The phone is big enough for a man and small enough for a woman.  It is very light, I was surprized but also very sturdy.I am a very big guy (over 6ft 6in tall) with big fingers.  Well guess what, it is the fastest I have every type on any phone.  Fantastic keyboard and layout.Oh one last thing when browsing web pages, it can sometimes be trick or slow to scroll down or across.  Other than that the pages load faster that some computers I know.Just one more tidbit.  I got the protective case for the phone, but did not like it.  To me it took away from the beauty of the phone, so I just use the leather sleave that was provide.  I like looking at the phone in its beauty.I would say 9.5 out of 10

I moved from Windows Mobile 6.1 and the Samsung i760.  This phone is great.  Great batery life, better web browser.  I added the free "conversation" app for threaded sms.  It works great.  I am very happy with my purchase.

Wow, nokia's cellphone are the best and i love my nokia E72. Im from Ecuador and this cellphone works very well with the carriers.

Purchased the phone to replace an aging, kind-of crummy Windows Mobile 6.5. I received a beautiful specimen that I thought would last me a long time. How wrong I was! All was well until the a firmware update came out a few weeks after I purchased the phone, and my phone 'strongly recommended' me to update. Once I successfully updated, apps would stop working, I would get random lockups, and calls started to drop. Support is nonexistant with Nokia -- either you reach someone who can't help you, or you reach someone who doesn't speak English at all.Steer clear from the E72 -- it might seem nice and shiny, but it's a real dud.

I suspect that guys giving 5 stars are getting paid money which should have gone into development and testing instead.I have had E65, E71 before this and like others here have been waiting for this half a year.I was not expecting much .. just a bit faster version of E71.Sp far I am amazed that they allow this to to pass quality testingHere are main issues:1) Psiloc World Traveler - if you are new owner don't touch it !! Once you configure it there is no getting rid of it. Since it is preinstalled you can't even uninstall it. So it keeps bugging me to connect to internet even when I am roaming.2) Truphone does not work with E72. This was my favorite VOIP application which I was able to use worldwide from any hotspot and call to my contacts directly. Entire VOIP integration is screwed up and you have to download it separately.3) No Podcasts. I was so used to download my favorite radio programms and listen to them on plane. So now I struggle with Escarpod.4) Browser is marginally better at rendering pages but crashes every session.Good stuff:1) Hotmail, Yahoo and Gmail connections seem to be more stable. On E71 they were getting stuck at times2) Camera is better3) Google Maps work4) Fring works5) Call quality is good

Do yourself a favor and DON'T BUY THIS PHONE! The GPS has issues... It works when it wants to. It locks up the phone to the point you must remove the battery to turn it off. It takes forever to lock on to the satellite signals, so if you're in a hurry you're out of luck. The MP3 player corrupts audio files. I have a few gigs of audio files on my mini SD card which the player recognized at first and now they are all gone! The MP3 player wont recognize them. Refreshing the library finds nothing. I can find them with another program (file manager) but can only play them one at a time! The radio can only be listened to by using the headphones. The supplied headphones were junk. You can't copy and paste data from, or to, the browser. Watching video online, even via Wifi, causes the phone to display a "memory full try closing other programs" window. I'm sure I can fix this latest MP3 issue, but I have to reset the phone (for the 3rd time!) and reinstall everything I have put on it, one at a time. Hours of hassles!

I like this phone i got what i want i liked keypad and touch both and it has all i want

I WISH I HAD NEVER BOUGHT THIS PHONE!I have been using the NOKIA e71x for nearly 2 years now & wanted to get something new. It was my bad luck that I decided to go with the e72 thinking it was a better upgrade compared to the BlackBerry. This phone has a major problem while sending an email from the Mail For Exchange email client which is the default mailing client for this phone. It syncs everything perfectly, but while sending the mail it says "Email not sent" & the message just sits in the phone's Drafts folder. No matter what I try or do, it just doesn't send it. As usual NOKIA has done nothing to pay attention to this problem, that not only I but others are facing as well. If you don't believe me then go search for others who complain of the same issue, you will find hundreds. A business phone without the power of sending emails is no good form me. There are no updates or patches available from NOKIA that can fix this issue & neither have they replied to me saying that the problem would be fixed soon.Other than that, the phone is OK. As mentioned by others, it doesn't have the strong feel like the e71 did. Also the speakerphone really sucks. The only advantage it has over the e71 is that it is faster & easier to type. The camera is also an improvement over the e71's but I barely use the darn thing. The optical trackpad is really a joke, but it is alright if you want to scroll through a webpage or a mail slowly.I am really disappointed with you NOKIA, you have lost a loyal customer.

for a couple yrs i had the European made E71, before Xmas got the E72 , and i beleive its a smart move, better camera snd faster programming and the track ball thing is not bad either. I believe that Both Phones are better than any Blackberry thats been out there before and after the E71/72 came out. the keypad is more finger and thumb friendly no doubt, I can text much faster than ever. i also like the fact that i can utilize my front camera with out going into the internet share site just to see if it works. The Volume to me is much better, the speaker phone also is more user friendly as well. I wish there is more hardcovers out there for the E-72. oh yeah the Flash light is a good add as well. definately check it out if you like texting alot like me and being super interactive , good for work and even school as well.

WOW! THIS NOKIA CELLULAR PHONE IS AMAZING! WIFI, BLUETHOOTH, MAIL, BIG DISPLAY, QWERTY, EXCELLENTS PICTURES, WONDERFUL BASE FOR BE USED LIKE GPS IN YOUR CAR, DELIVERED VERY SOON!!

I've been using an old nokia 6600 phone for long. I know, I've been living in the stone age it would seem, and desperately needed an upgrade. I'd been eying this model since the day the news of it's release broke out. I'd been keen and doing my standard research, comparing it to the legendary nokia E71, as dedicated E71 users would like to describe it, and I've been studying rates, making random comparisons with other brands and phone software, interfaces & operating systems.Somehow, I loved the phone the moment I saw it. It's advanced, savvy, looks very tech, has a glossy finish, it's just impeccably designed. It looks like a business phone in whole. The interface is cool (All apps are easily accessible and quick), my phone hasn't crashed or anything (which most people have been complaining about). I particularly love the NOKIA qwerty keypad, despite so much variety already existing in the market. I love the vibrant screen display, which is a window into this phone's complicated, yet easily accessible world.I've been carrying it to the office for the past couple of days and it is very impressive. There's a lot of compliments I've received about the looks of the phone and the display from all angles looks fabulous.The E71 vs. The E72? I think the E72 is a worthy successor to the latter and a winner. This phone has a different interface and despite the less chrome and E71's little more trendy looks relatively, is much better to use. There's not much to say here. I like the individuality of the phone, and have already made my comparisons. You can go ahead and still purchase the E71 for the looks, but in terms of software, firmware, & new applications, there's a lot of activity on the E72. I would also like to add that people need to stop complaining about the build quality of the model. This is a very pretty phone.The bottom line is, This sleek looking phone was the one for me. Might be the right choice for you too. Just get the feel of the phone before your purchase, at a local electronics store, and I guarantee that if you're looking for great business utilities, overall style & quality, you'll admire this lovely, classy, awesome looking business phone for what it is.

An amazing phone with full bang for the buck. If you are not a touchscreen fan (I'm neither) and need a full functionality business phone, I'd recommend E72 anyday! Its better than E71 (my previous phone) and I can certify its totally worth the upgrade!Pros:1. Full 3.5G HSDPA on At&T; and out-of-box tethering enabled, just connect the USB and access broadband on your laptop anywhere.2. Very fast processor, snappy UI.3. full qwerty keyboard, helps type emails and post on facebook4. very long battery life, avg. 3-4 days with 3G on.5. flip to send busy tone: if your phone is on meeting mode and it rings, just turn it upside down and the call is declined! amazing use of accelerometer.6. 3.5mm audio jack means I can play it on my car stereo with aux in.Cons:1. camera interface a little slow, though I hardly use it

I still have a full working E71 and can compare side by side one against the other, the phone does not show poor manufacturing, battery cover is not ill fitted,the key pad feels the same and the camera seems much better.In using it you will notice the 72 being faster,the menu design is different so you will wonder at first for where are some applications, the optical key is easy to adjust to.Overall great phone, I only do not like the lack of a podcasting program but I will install escarpod

I killed my other phone so was looking for a solid unlocked replacement - and like I said so far so good.  I'm a heavy business user - Exchange sync'ed over with no problem, Gmail setup with no problem and I'm pretty impressed with the other features.  I've only been using it for about a week at this point, but continue to find little features here and that that impress - yesterday I stumbled across the business card scanner and it actually worked correctly...Battery life is an improvement - a full business day's worth of use and play (14+ hours) including phone calls, e-mail, listening to music (with bluetooth headphones) and playing games while on the plane (2+ hours) and I still had battery - my other phone would have required charging 1/2 way in - you know who you are ;)Playing music works fine - plugged the phone in via the USB plug, the microSD drive shows up, I created a folder called Music, copied the MP3 files into it, ejected the drive (thank you MAC) and fired up the music player - works fine.  I used it for a long (7+ hour) bike ride a couple of days ago.  No problems - and the battery required no charging until the next day.I'll be picking up either a 32 or 16GB microSD card in short order and am pleased I can replace my battery if needs be down the road.  I'll also be looking to copy some video onto the thing for viewing on a plane.The reason I give this phone 4 stars vs. 5 - web browsing.  It's usable, but not great.  That being said - I did find a browser that will play FLASH...a noted improvement over the phone I killed...but iPhone has the best mobile phone web browsing I've experienced - thus 4 stars...

I was very leery about replacing my trusty e71 with the successor e72 because of the mixed reviews. After 2 weeks of using my new e72, I am very satisfied with my decision.PROS: The upgraded processor on this phone is noticeably faster, Nokia finally decided to put a 3.5mm headphone jack on this E Series device, the keyboard has a slightly better layout, I like the optical pad/D-Pad combo, the camera is significantly improved, FREE Ovi Maps license, compass, accelerometer... and still a very sexy design.CONS: A have read many reviews complaining about the build quality. This device is made in China, my e71 was made in Finland. IMO I think that these claims are overstated. However, the plastic covers for the USB port and SD slot are complete junk. Expect the USB cover to fall off the first time you access it. I don't know about the battery cover issue because I use an Otter Box commuter case.

I bought my phone two months ago it was working fine but know is just not working, my phone is off when I turn on my phone just appear a whole white screen it supposed to have a full warranty, I need to know what the seller is going to do, and I need to know right now.

BUENAS TARDES, EL EQUIPO DESDE HACE DOS MESES SE RESETE APROXIMADAMENTE CADA 10 MIN, QUE PUEDO HACER PARA EVITAR QUE EL EQUIPO SE SIGA RESETEANDO

I got my E72 2 days ago.I'm thrilled.It's a wonderful smartphone.Definitely the fastest one I ever had, after Samsung, Motorola and other Nokias. I was really impressed with how fast this cell  works, for applications, contacts and any other operation.The QWERTY keyboard works, despite my fear before buying. Needs some time to get used to it, but in 2 days I already feel like I'll never be able to get close to a non-QWERTY keyboard. Ever.What the E72 needs to be perfect?More memory.I had a N96, with 16Gb mass memory storage, and slot for a 16Gb memory card. The new N97 has 32Gb of internal memory. So why the hell Nokia put only 250Mb of internal memory in this model?I had to give up more than half my playlists (mp3, aac, avi etc) to migrate for the brand new E72.The e-mail application, now. I use Gmail, and the configuration was so easy that my 5 year old niece could have done. In less than a minute, everything was working, and I receive the e-mails a few seconds after they were sent (I tested with some other e-mail accounts).I'm so excited the messages (SMS) and e-mails are now so easy to create, manage, send.... It's great!Other things I liked very much:- Excellent call quality: even when the volume is almost in the lowest notch, the caller can be perfectly heard.- GPS: Works great and it gets a position fix generally within seconds. The new Nokia Ovi-Maps app is great, a huge evolution compared to the previous version.- KEYBOARD AND TOUCHPAD: The keyboard is great. The new track pad navigation works for me. I read some reviews that criticize it. I honestly see no reason for that, maybe just the difference between scrolling up/down (the best) and right/left (no so good, but still works). Requires some adaptation at first, but in no time you get used to it.- UPDATES: Firmware updates worked great. No problems at all. Everything was working before, it all keeps working now.Conclusion: This phone is worth every penny. Wonderful.

I remember about 14 years ago upgrading from some Nokia phone to the Nokia 6200. I could not believe how great the phone was. It came with PC Suite & so I would never have to re-enter phone numbers of calendar entries on a cell phone again. The E72 is my seventh Nokia phone. I went from the 6200 to theNokia E51 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, International 3G, Wi-Fi, MP3/Video Player, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with Warranty (Rose Steel), an absolutely great phone--my first Smartphone. I still have it. I use it as a spare/backup. However, needing more horsepower, I graduated toNokia N95 Unlocked Cell Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver/Red). This was, by far, the best and my favorite phone. It was also eyecandy to others. Like the E51, it was also my everyday/everywhere Mp3 player. It's hard to believe the number of audiobooks, music albums, data files, pictures and other things that I am able to carry around with me--always! I used up to 32GB MicroSD cards with both of them, although the E51 struggled a bit! When the N95 croaked, after three years, I looked at many different manufactures' models, but I still wanted to go Nokia. After much research, I tried the N97 Mini. It bombed. Actually, I was sucker to a Chinese clone rip-off (not on Amazon). I tried a safer choice approach, on Amazon,Nokia C6-01 Unlocked GSM Phone with 8 MP Camera, 720p Video Recording, and Ovi Maps Navigation--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver). You can read my review there. I was not very complimentary about it, vowing never to purchase another Nokia. I returned it for a refund.Again, I looked at many highly rated phones, like the SamsungSamsung I9000 Galaxy S Unlocked GSM Smart Phone with 5 MP Camera, Android OS, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, GPS and MicroSD Slot - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black(the only brand for which Windows Phone accepts a MicroSD card-although you have to "marry" it to the phone-see specs!) and several HTC models like theHTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black. These caught my eye. Still, after more research, I found myself wanting a Nokia. For someone who favored them for almost 14 years now, it just seemed like a no-brainer. Reviews all tell the story of Nokia loyalty. I have not been on a cell phone contract for over eight years, so I just buy the phones I want (all Nokia) & change the SIM card. I have liked them for their simplicity, their many features and their ease of use. Anyway, hands down the E71 probably will go down as Nokia's best or favorite phone. In spite of that, I was attracted to the E72 which had high reviews and had improvements over the E71, in spite of what was said by the extreme E71 loyalists. And for the price that "BLINQ" was offering for "Open Box" models on Amazon, I thought I would take one more chance.When I first opened the box for this Nokia E72, I was pleased. Although bigger, it had the same feel as the E51. After charging and some initial setup procedures, I did what I have always done. I updated the software/firmware. Then I "synched" it with my Microsoft Outlook. It's a real easy procedure. I have always used Nokia PC Suite--I have not been very fond of the Ovi Suite software. I have done this for over ten years now. It's pretty basic stuff.As happened on the C6-01, from the time the sync was complete, I began to get messages: "Memory Full. Close some applications and try again." These were mostly when trying to use the Calendar, but it also happened for Contacts and for other things and at other times. I did a restore to factory settings, and repeated this process, before I went online looking for a solution. None of it worked.I thought, "Oh no! I'll be sending this back too!" I am usually able to get to the bottom of technical problems, but this was frustrating. I had visited so many forums for the C6-01 & got nowhere. So, I decided to once again to "Google" the above message and re-examine the forums, looking for a "clue" to a solution which might point me in another direction. This worked. I found a "clue!" One person wrote how "Memory Full" message was not related to memory at all, but was due to a corrupted Outlook file. It offered a three-step solution. 1) Reformat the phone using the *#7370# command. 2) Run the "Scanpst.exe" program on the Outlook file (supplied by Microsoft but must be searched for) and let it find and correct any problems (which it did). 3) Synch with Ovi rather than PC Suite (which seemed to go against my grain, but I did it). I am glad I did. This phone now works like a charm!I love it! I am sure already that this is the best phone that I've owned. I do however fault Nokia for the poor troubleshooting help that they are providing their customers now. Regardless, I still give this five-stars: I prefer Nokia over the others. This is true of so many other people too, including Blackberry users, who try a phone like this. They cannot believe the power & functionality at their fingertips without the exorbitant cost. It is an incredible business phone.When I look back at this solution, I realize that I probably did not need to return the Nokia C6-01 phone. I am sure that the above solution would work just fine for it (I should update my review of it accordingly). Still, I am not sorry I returned it, because it gave me the opportunity to purchase the E72 and I am very happy I did.With the above caveat surrounding a corrupted Outlook file, and the workable solution, I have no problem highly recommending this phone.

I was waiting for this phone since last 6 month after it was announced in Singapore. I had E51 and wanted to upgrade to a QUERTY business phone. I liked E71 and when i was about to buy e71 I found the news of E72.I was one the first few to purchase this for  almost 450$, But i am very happy with it till now. The features i liked most are1. The digital compass. This is the most essential hardware/software you require if you really want to use GPS.2. The Optical nav pad, This makes the scrolling really easy and enjoyable.3. The latest 600 Mhz processor which makes it the best performing mobile.4. The camera, finally Nokia's cameras are going to be useful. (I never liked Nokia's camera quality).5. The accelerometer which can be used in step counter software.6. The host of all the E series features.

So far I'm pleasantly surprised by this phone.  For years I stuck to very simple phones b/c 1. I have butterfingers and was scared to drop it and have it shatter and 2. I really didn't have a need for a smartphone.  Now I do.The phone took me a few days to get used to, but now I feel that it is very user friendly.  The camera is great! I really didn't expect the camera to take such nice pics, but it definately does.I downloaded a bunch of apps from the Ovistore that have worked well, esp. Skype.  The only downside is, that when I use skype too often, to keep in touch with my staff when I'm away from my desk or out of the office, the battery life diminishes quite quickly.  Otherwise the battery life has been great, even after a day at a festival taking snapshots all afternoon, the battery life didn't go down.I have yet to find how to copy my contacts from the SIM card onto the phone, but it's not a big deal.  It's just takes a bit longer to add details onto a contact than I would like.The browser works well, but any failures I would actually blame my service provider for, not the phone.The one thing that I do find faulty is the voice activation feature.  On one the side of the phone, are 3 buttons, the center one activates this feature, yet when I try to use it, it never works properly.  When I look up 'Lisa' I have to speak 'Laiza' just like the robot voice does... only then will it come close to pulling up the right contact info... It may just mean I need to tinker with it more, but so far it hasn't worked for me.

Great phone.  No regrets going from e71 to e72 (solid phone, even the battery cover is solid, can't beat the call quality, battery life, no problems with software, consistent 3.5g connection).  I've had the blackberry tour 8900 (great for e-mail, terrible build quality, can't use skype, hard to customize), my son has the 3g iphone (kid's toy).  I use the phone primarily for business e-mail, family texting, business and some family phone calls.  Best phone I've had.

Buy a nokia e72, November 30 and received on 05 January, has so far worked well, however, came the phone without key on / off.

I just purchased the Nokia E72 in hopes of using simple things like email and the internet on my phone. But the Nokia E72 is one of the worst phones I have ever encountered.These are SOME of the issues I have had, and I have only had it for a week:- The internet browser is worse than the 1999 version of tzones, compared to the Blackberry browser this is terrible. The font is too small, there is nothing but html text and each website takes over a minute to load. The speed is not dependent on your service or connection, the phone just has a terrible internet browser.- Ovi GPS is a joke. It never works, and when it does it looses the signal every twenty seconds. The whole free GPS for life time is all nonsense because it never works- Camera, this is one of the only nice things about the phone, but it is very annoying to take pictures with this phone because the LED flash is often too bright. It also doesn't come with an installed video recorder.- The interface and OS is one of the worst I have ever seen on a smart phone. It is not aesthetically pleasing at all and doesn't function nearly as well as an iphone or blackberry. Most of the other smartphone I have used have had better interfaces.- Mail for exchange biggest joke ever. It doesn't sync with gmail.- DO NOT GET THIS PHONE IF YOU HAVE A MAC. The phone will not sync, not with bluetooth nor anything. The USB does recognize it but if you want to sync your contacts/calenders/photos do not get this phone if you have a mac. I have tried to update the software contact Nokia, nothing works.

I spent alot of time researching a smart phone which would fulfill my needs. Every phone I researched had adherants and detractors. I ultimately bought the E72 as it met the majority of my needs and wants. First, I could avoid paying smart phone rates for internet and messaging. The phone also comes with Quickoffice which allows me to carry reports and useful information with me at all times ( I am an older student who returned to school to become an RN and this application is great for reducing the bulk of stuff I had to carry). The symbian OS is very stable. WiFi is great. The raised letters on the keyboard mean I seldom make mistakes entering anything. Call quality is great. As for those who complain about a lack of intuitiveness to the OS, I found it relatively easy to learn. If you have had to use proprietary programs; there is a learning curve in how information is organized but once you understand their system it is easy. It took me about a day to get it down. If I am light on Wifi/Internet the phone runs about 3 days between charges. If I really push the phone needs a daily charge. There are many more features about this phone I enjoy that I just do not have the time to go into.THe biggest downside for me with this phone was the manual. It discusses complex tasks but glosses over the basics. Overall, for a smart phone the price is reasonable,CPU power means no lag, the quality is great, the applications in the phone and Nokia PC suite are easy to use. If what I described meets your needs you will be happy with this phone. I know I have no regrets and am happy with the E72.

THis cellphone is very good for all bussinesman... the PDA is very good and ovi can be synchronized with the phone via the Internet. The camera is excellent. Voice recording very good too, I use it much for recording voice notes when I can not write, for example when I am driving my car. The flashlight is spectacular. I could say that nokia should improve the sensitivity of the touch button. The wifi very efficient too. In addition to the GPS which is very good too and the number of applications available for Symbian is significant.

I had this phone for more than eight months. It reboots itself when I try to create a new contact most of time. It seems I can add a new contact with less trouble after I turn the phone off and back on again. I noticed that some dirts got inside the diplay two months after I purchased it. The back cover came off on its own a couple of times so far.

No conozco mucho de tel&eacute;fonos, pero siempre he tenido tel&eacute;fonos nokia. Del E72 me encanta el software, la calidad y resistencia de los materiales de fabricaci&oacute;n (acero inoxidable), es un equipo que cumple con mis expectativas y aunque se ve delicado (fino) es un tel&eacute;fono robusto y fuerte. En fin, me gusta todo, es tremendo tel&eacute;fono. Qu&eacute; les puedo decir... Nokia es Nokia y se lo recomiendo a todos los aficionados de nokia y a los que buscan un tel&eacute;fono duradero y funcional. Amazon cumpli&oacute; con todo lo que muestra en esta publicidad. Excelente servicio. Gracias desde Venezuela!!!

When I bought the mobile I expected a very good device, but it was much better than I expected! The phone is very friendly and the keyboard (what I was worried about won't feel comfortable) is very good to use. If you intend to buy one I suggest to take a look at the youtube reviews, they are very realistic. The speaker is very good and you will get a free pocketlamp with the flash (just press space bar). I live in Brazil and the phone accepted both companies I have chips (TIM and Oi).Quando comprei o celular eu j&aacute; esperava um aparelho muito bom, mas o celular &eacute; realmente melhor que eu esperava! A interface com o usu&aacute;rio &eacute; muito amig&aacute;vel e o teclado (que eu me preocupava em no me adaptar) &eacute; muito bom de usar. Se voc tem inteno de comprar um, sugiro que d uma olhada nos reviews no youtube, eles so bem realistas. O alto falante &eacute; muito bom e ainda vem com uma lanterna port&aacute;til que &eacute; o flash (s&oacute; apertar a barra de espao). Moro no Brasil e o celular funcionou normalmente com TIM e Oi.

Since i was interested to buy a new cellphone I always wanted to buy the nokia E71, but I though this E72 would be better. Wrong is a complety cellphone but it's freezing many many many many times during a day more than 11 times, much more, is true.The camera is great, you can edit pictures, the sound not so god but ok, is kind a big and heavy.but it freeze many times, I have some friends that have the same problem with this model.soft reset and hard reset never works so I warning you don't buy this, better nokia E71.

I was skeptical about getting this phone over the E71. All the reviews attacked this phone as not worth it. Well I sadly don't have a E71 my jump was from the N79 to this Business phone. My decision was based on  the 100 Dollar difference against the Same OS I was using, Symbian S60 3rd FP2 and the 5 MP Camera. I could successfully upgrade most of my N79 apps into E72.Software:The huge upgrade aside of the business orientation model is the stability.I have found myself listening music, playing Snes on a Symbian emulator, with facebook and twitter apps on, my opera browser, chats (whatsapp), etc, abruptly interrupted by the "email notification". All I have to do is go to my Home screen with "end conversation button" (or email button that I haven't get used to yet) look for the new email, reply it and go back to my game or any other program I require.I like installing all type of stuff I found on the web. Pretty much everything runs. I have more problems with the screen orientation 320X240 than the actual phone managing the application. I have opened heavy PDF that my N79 would either crash or take fore ever to open.The OVI MAPS on this device is way faster, way more clear and with more options such as own voice, and street names. This one is amazing because streets names change in this city every corner. You don't take too much attention to the phone "visual" directions since it tells you the next turn is at "Coyoacan Ave"  etc.Hardware:The hardware is fine, not the best I have seen, my N79 was made in Mexico and felt solid. This one is made in China, still it's just different design. The power on Button is "loose" it feels like it will fall off, although haven't. The little connector (miniUSB) is covered by a thin plastic thing that I have never like it. I treat my phones really well but I don't know if it can handle a not so careful user. People complain about the sensor Navi key, I totally agree. I dislike it. Its ok for browsing in the web, but for moving around in the menu, well I just turn it off, problem solved.I don't regret getting this phone, It fits me for all my needs so fat. I have had this for a month now, it still has a lot to go.
