
I needed to get a basic phone and this one meets my expectation. I would recommend this phone as a good basic phone.

I haven't had the phone turned on yet but it arrived on time and in great condition its for my 73 year old mom in law she is so excited about getting a new phone so prayerfully Verizon won't have any trouble turning it and transferring her old service to this phone.

I love my phone. It is a new one. I wish I could download songs. But Verizon stopped that. But I still love it.

Its a pre paid phone so was unable to activate it through our provider. Wish I would have known :(

This was bought as a new in the box and it was new. They did not disclose that the manual was not in the box.The phone works great

It didn't work when received. Took it to the verizon store, THEY could not make it work, sent it back for a refund !!!!  I wanted it because of the slim design. I carry my phone in my pocket, wish it HAD worked !!

Timely arrival.  Phone condition was as advertised.  Life of battery seems to be OK.  Only disappointment in moving it to my Verizon account was that the pictures I had on the phone wouldn't transfer to this one.  Contact phone numbers transferred OK.

I'll first say what others have said on similar reviews--this is a review of the actual phone, not the seller or the carrier service.What can I say? This was my very first phone, and man was it a good one. I still have one as my backup phone. Even to this day, it is one of the most reliable products I have ever owned, and is far more reliable than almost every phone on the market today (rivaled only by the iPhone).The phone could hardly be any thinner and fits easily in any pocket. Its hinge is strong and durable; I never had it break or cease to function. The paint never chipped (except when I dropped it) or lost its color.The software (mine was Verizon software) is nothing special, but it does its job very well. It is easily navigable, making it simple to check text messages or phone records. It's not made for extended web sessions, but you can check your email on it just fine.The camera isn't the highest resolution out there, but it works as intended when you need a picture in a pinch.The keys feel great and are big enough for anyone to see. They can easily be texted on. The keypad on my RAZR did finally fall apart over time, but it lasted well over 2 years before doing so and the buttons still worked in spite of it.I'm rating this phone 5 stars because it accomplished what it set out to do; give the user a quality, reliable, and innovative (for its time) product that blasted the competition out of the water. It isn't for everyone; it has none of the smartphone "flair" or performance, but it gets the job of a phone and text message platform done extremely well.This phone was born in a world without smartphones, but even today in a world where smartphones dominate, the Motorola RAZR V3 hasn't lost its relevance or effectiveness--and I respect that a great deal.

First of all, this section is for rating of a MOTO RAZR, NOTHING ELSE. STOP complaining about poor shipping speeds and bad customer service.  If you got a bum deal on a used phone, wake up people, you get what you pay for!Now my review: I paid $20 for a USED Moto Razr, and it was a screaming deal! The phone is slim, still styleish after all these years and works PERFECTLY!!  Razr has always been a good phone.DON'T BE STUPID and follow the negitive reviews, these are from clueless consumers who really don't know much about electronics. They are rating the shipping time of the phone and that is NOT what these reviews are for.  Deal with it.PHONE RATING: 5 STARS.Keep in mind- these are OLD ELECTRONIC DEVICES! Did you really think they would work just like new?! FOOLS!

Phones lasted only a few days each; back light out, difficulty in charging.  Waste of money, time & effort.  Do not recommend.

Much better than I expected for being used. Bought one mew last year an you couldn't tell the difference between the two.

I ordered this because my current RAZR V3m was not reliable in receiving a signal.  After several days I began having the same problem.  At first I thought it was Verizon but obviously it's not.I have absolutely no complaints with the vendor.

no one could program it so sent t back,  case was a waste.  was with out a phone for 10 days.

Fast shipping.Phone was in great shape as described.I just wanted a basic phone and this one is perfect.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a basic phone.

this was to be a new phone,but i did not get a manual with it,and the phone will not hold a change,verydisapointed and will not buy from this seller again

Motorola RAZR V3m Arrived in in good shape and on time.  It came with a charger but  the battery doesn't always hold a charge.

Piece of crap. Should have known better. It worked for a while BUT started going crazy. I don't recamend. Nope

I like the small thin design as it fits neatly in my shirt pocket and meets all my wireless needs.

RAZR phone was just as advertised.  Used but like-new condition with just a couple of scratches.  Shipped promptly as advertised.Having this replacement phone really has saved us from upgrading to a more expensive contract.  Verizon staff transferred all the phone numbers with ease at no cost.  Thanks Golden Net !

This phone was in GREAT condition! I appreciate the seller, saling the item they advertised. I received it in a great amount of time. I would advise anyone that want to buy used electronics to use this seller. I am more that satisfied and look for to using them possibly in the future.

Bought this phone used (but claimed to be refurbished), and it was supposed to be fully tested and functional.  It is not.  First, the battery would not hold a charge, so bought a new OEM battery.  Plugged it into the supplied (with the phone) charger, and received an error message that the charger was not an authorized Motorola charger.  Bought a new charger (now we;'re up to $28.99 for the phone, $6.22 for the OEM battery, and $3.50 for the new charger.  The phone refuses to work.  Was able to activate it over the internet via computer, but the phone itself has internal problems.  It starts, then flickers and dies.  Repeated attempts to make it work were useless.  Even tried using the phone with the charger still plugged in, and no luck.  It lights up, flickers, and then dies, over and over.  This phone was not refurbished, nor even tested.  It's used, and its internals do not work properly.  By the time I got the new battery, and then waited for the new charger and finally was able to use the phone, it was too late to take any action about the phone's failure to even operate in basic mode.  I've got what amounts to a $40 paperweight.  Be very wary about buying used phones, esp those that claim to be &#34;refurbished&#34; and fully functional.  You get what you pay for, and in the case of used, or refurbished phones, you're taking a big risk that it'll even work, much less be fully functional.  Lesson learned.  No more used phones, nor dealing with sellers of these products.

This item was purchased several months ago and has never worked. I am the mother of the under age child who hit the button to purchase this phone with a credit card she had saved on Amazon. She did not have permission or authority (our fault) to purchase it. When it came and we (parents) found out about it, the battery was dead and would not hold a charge of any kind. To use the phone it had to be plugged in. What's the purpose of having a cell (cordless) phone if you have to leave it plugged in to use? I think the person who sold her this phone knew this and wanted to dump it off on any sucker who nibbled on it.

this being the 2nd phone in the past 2 weeks that we have bought, we were once again let down. It arrived in a timely manner but the battery wouldn't charge AT ALL. The buttons on the side were loose and it was supposed to be a brand new phone. The seller was very apologetic when we contacted him about the phone and we are able to return it for a refund. Maybe we just got a lemon. That would be our luck..

These are great phones.  My wife's old one had a broken screen, so I replaced this and my son's non RAZR phone.  We had good experience with the RAZR, so we decided to get 2 this time.  I "upgraded" both phones online without any issues.  We have an old Verizon plan, didn't want to pay the required data plan for a new smart phone, and didn't like their current non-smart phones.  I'm guessing that Verizon intentional had some bad non-smart phones so people would lean towards the more profitable smart phones and plans.  We only use our phones for calls, so this was a great alternative to getting a Verizon store offered phone.  I am a long time Verizon customer, but would have switched to another provider than pay for an unnecessary data plan if I had to.  I am happy I can keep my old plan, and not have to switch to their newer plans.  Note that Verizon customer support did not volunteer this upgrade option (buying replacement phone from non-Verizon store) until I asked them directly.I also could not get my GetItNow or BackupAssitant (contact auto-sync) to work on these legacy/unsupported Verizon phones.  Not a show stopper for me since I printed (but wasted too much paper--wished they had a simple list view) the contacts that were already in the contacts online from my old, broken phone, and just manually copy/backup the numbers now.  Also we (wife and I) don't use GetItNow (much).  Too bad since I thought BackupAssistant was one of Verizon's better, more useful features, especially when upgrading phones.  It was (and still is) annoying that they didn't upgrade their error messge when trying to run GetItNow/Get_New_App from "Unable to retrieve catalog. Please try again later. (3332)" to "Legacy/unsupported phone.  Don't waste your time to try again".  If I didn't see the reviews for this error, I think I would have wasted my time with Verizon support since I didn't see any positive feedback (good/simple solutions) yet.  If they wanted to fix the issue, they would of had a good, simple resolution a few years ago, not just possibly getting support at a Verizion store, and possibly getting an unusable phone at the end.  Again, my online "upgrade/replacement" of my phone was simple and straigtforward, and my phone calls are working fine.  I wouldn't think Verison would make much money from supporting or if they still sold these old/legacy phones, so fixing/maintaining their sofware for them would be a very low priority (they wouldn't want say they give no support to their existing phones).  At the end, I am still happy I could keep my old (non-data) plan, fix/replace my phone, even though I don't have BackupAssitant.Phone and phone call quality is still 5 stars.  Verizon's GetItNow and BackupAssitant support of these legacy Verizon phones, 2 stars.

I bought this for my husband because he doesn't like or want a smartphone.  He had an older version of this phone, many years old, and it  lasted forever until the battery finally gave out.  For about $50 more I was able to get him this new one.  It is a great little phone, very slim and light, and the camera and standard features work great.  Would recommend for someone who just wants a phone for making and receiving calls, simple texts, and a few pictures here and there.

The V3m is still one of the best non-smart phones available.  Long battery life, invisible in a pocket, no issues with call loss. All the bases covered.  Whats not to like.  Great phone!

gets good signal and good sound ez to use , i loved this phone. and now they are making me type more stuff so they will post it and i HATE this !

One of the best phones I have owned, this is my THIRD one ever since Motorola came out with it.

This phone has a mind of it's own. The video works when it wants to and the charge may last a day or 15 minutes.New, this phone is the best, but used, you never know what you're going to get. This particular phone is a dud!

The battery for this phone keeps dying. Has to be recharged at least twice a day.  Time display needs larger font.

The Motorola RAZR is a fantastic phone, sleek and quite functional for a non-smart phone.  However, nowhere (as far as I could see) does Just Cellular state that when you buy a new one, that it is a PRE-PAID phone and is not compatible with contract plans.  Despite this, Just Cellular gave me a refund due to the oversight.  So just know if you buy a new one that it may not work with a plan.

it was a pre paid phone so was unable to activate it through our provider. wish we would have known

This is an old school Motorola phone, but works well and is reliable.  The only thing I am not crazy aout is that the battery doesn't last long.  It really needs to be plugged in each night.  I bought a newer battery, but it still doesn't last that long.

The one works. It smells like cigarettes. I bought it "like new". There's a numerous amount of deep scratches. & there's still photos from the orinial user that I cannot delete

This phone is great.  Does just what it should and I think it is better made than most of the lower end phones a person can buy now days.  They seem to be more fragile, lighter weight and cheaply made.  This phone takes really nice pictures, too.  It isn't iPad quality, but for the price I am very happy.

the phone is awesome, amazing, and easy to read. the signal and function is special. i just love this phone, and will order many more products from you.

This is a great phone. I got exactly what I wanted. I have used it every day, good stinking phone.

Please be careful if you choose to purchase this phone. I purchased 2, one for my mom, and one for myself..I purchased these because they were advertised as Verizon compatible. When I took them to Verizon to have them activated, they could not activate them...they are only compatible with TMobile, and one other signal. I do not want anyone else getting screwed over.

it came in the mail very quickly but its a mediocre phone i know it was going to be but its all i  can afford

The phone arrived just within the time frame for delivery.  The outside was in excellent condition and looked almost new.  The inside, however, was dirty and had traces of chocolate!  The phone performs all of its functions except that the memory card reader does not work.  All in all, considering I was looking for a quick replacement for a phone that wasn't working properly, I am happy with the purchase and the price.

This phone will not be usable without buying a new battery.  This was a waste of money.  I would not buy a used phone on Amozon again.

I still need to upgrade , but my razr needed replacing. This one saved me a lot of moneyThanks

Works great no problems what so ever I love it

Phone is fine, it works and looks good. No damage. Its just that the battery didn't hold a decent charge. You'd think they would test the battery on it or leave notes saying battery isn't good.

I guess you get what you pay for (t was used, and refurbished). It was a real bargain. However it took about 6 months to break.

I bought this for my mom. She had a smartphone but didn't like it. She loves this phone and it isn't in to bad of condition. It can be a little glitchy at times and had also turned off for no reason a couple times. The charging port is very loose and that could be reason it randomly turns off. It is a used phone and I dont think I would get another one.

The phone arrived very well packaged.  I activated the phone and it work perfect.  The phone was in such great condition it look like it was new.

We still have these type phones in our family and I'm glad we found one.  We keep this one in reserve in case the others bomb out on us in the future.  You really can't get these anymore and we don't want the new kind at this time.

The phone can not work very well. Battery runs out so fast. I need to charge it everyday even I didn't make any calls and receive any calls. My friends always complain a lot of noises. I need to switch to other Verizon phone to be able hear well.

I really love this phone always have since Verizon first came out with the Motorola RAZR V3m.Nice and slim fits in my jeans pocket nicely.Great sound loaded with features.GREAT!  AAA+++

I find this phone to be one of the finest basic phones available. This is my second one. The original lasted six years with one battery replacement. For the money you will not find a better basic phone.

my phone would not connect to the network and it was a verison network and screwed around with it for 2 hours. Never doing that again.

I can find no other cell phone as durable as the RAZR. SInce I don't need a Smart Phone in my life, the metal case makes this my #1 Choice. I hope the cell systems always provide support so I can keep on using the phone I swear by.

Through no fault of the resellers (and unbeknownst to most of them), many of the older Verizon phones MAY have their Get It Now/Media Store rendered unusable. This takes away the ability to download music, ringtones, videos and ANY applications (such as Backup Assistant, VZ Navigator, games, weather, maps, etc.) from Verizon.Back in late March, 2011, Verizon pushed an update to all their phones and any of the older phones that were not activated at the time lost the Get It Now/Media Store catalog with no way to retrieve it through future updates. Verizon will tell you that you can take it to a store to get it flashed to restore the Get It Now/Media Center catalog, but it seems that basically none of the stores have the ability to actually flash phones (there was a report of a store in South Carolina that could flash phones..). More information (including official input from Verizon employees) can be found on Verizon's support community forum site (search for "Error Cannot retrieve catalog... (3328) Backup Asst..").If you only use your phone to make calls and/or text, this information does not apply to you. If you DO use Get It Now/Media Store, you will probably want to check with the seller to make sure that the phone's Get It Now/Media Store works.. or you might end up with a Get It Not.NOTE TO READERS: My purchase and experience was with a Verizon V3m in pink. After numerous hours talking with Verizon's tech support and multiple emails, I was able to determine that the exact same problem was happening to many older Verizon phones (there were more than 50 models by LG, Motorola, Samsung, Nokia and others specifically listed in their forum). I am not affiliated with anyone.NOTE TO AMAZON: The material in this review is completely of my own composition and pertains to a number of Verizon phones. This review was composed first in Word to take advantages of Word's spelling and grammar checker, but was composed solely for use in Amazon's review section to review the specifically mentioned products (in this case the Verizon V3m in silver). Any similarities between this review and any other review that I have written is due to the fact that the problem that I detail in this review directly affects over 50 different phone models, not just the one I bought. Different products, exact same problem.

I needed a simple but uesful phone.  If you don't need a smart phone but one that is waht phones were ment to be this one is good.

I currently own an ALLTEL Motorola V3c.  I love that phone and since Verizon disabled it I cannot use it.  The V3c is nothing like the V3m.  The battery needs to be on the charger at all times.  This is the 2nd V3m I have purchased since my original phone was disabled and they are both junk.  I will resign to the fact that this phone has NO extras and drains the battery continuously.  I wish I could remove that star.

I have had 4 of these at a time on my family plan over the years and needed to replace a lost Razr and let me I was not disappointed in getting this Razr. Always reliable and small enough to fit in the smallest pockets!

the * button didnt work, but i paid 31 shipped, so i didnt want to give up that easy when i couldnt call *228 for verizon, but got it working. the seller left a few things out about the phones cosmetic blems, but the phone itself is sweet and for $31 shipped not only do you get what you pay for, its sharp for being a non smart phone. i got sick of replacing expensive phones and saving $30 a month for other things. the reason most this phone has such horrible reviews is due to the few crummy scam artist. take from it what you will.

Everything as expected, no problems.  The case came separate from the phone, which was a little weird, but everything was in great condition and the phone works great.

This phone was advertised as Used - Mint Condition!!! When I received it, the phone looked like new and I was very excited to put the battery in and let it charge before calling my phone company to make the transfer. Once the back was removed, the phone was clearly a REFURBISHED phone  from the manufacturer. Reluctantly, I placed the battery and let it charge for 12 hours until it said charge complete. I  turned the phone on and let it sit for 24 hours without using it. The next day, it was totally drained. I repeated the steps again to just be sure and this time, I let the phone charge for 24 hours. Again ,I left the phone and low and behold, it was totally drained. This phone was either damaged, or had a battery problem which I will never know. I will not buy from these people again.  I have to now pay for a return shipping and waste more time taking it to UPS and wait for the credit to be issued.....AGGRAVATING.....

I purchased this rather basic piece of equipment "used" assuming that the risk of defect was low. I got burned. The device will not power down completely without pulling the battery. Also, the battery is completely depleted after approx 30 mins of talk. The only reason I didn't returned it is because I had already given it to my elderly mother. Plus, I didn't want to expend more of my valuable returning it. The cost was less than $50.

I replaced my older RAZR V3m that I dropped on concrete with this exact duplicate. It's a great little phone if you don't want or need all the bells and whistled. And for the price, a very good deal.

This phone looked to be a prepaid phone and it did not get a signal.  This phone did not work for me.  Was returned.

Motorola razr gets a 4 star, basic flip phone, easy to activate. Device can take a memory card for music and photos. That was a nice surprise. Haven't used it yet to give an first hand opinion. Doesn't hold a charge for more than a day. However will re-charge very quickly.  Heavy users, better carry a battery pack. People may say wow they still sell those! But if your not into the smartphone phenomenon, this phone will suit you well.

Excellent service, I called them about an issue and they went above and beyond to help solve!  Phone works great!  Thank you!

wireless warehouse usa delivered this phone very quickly.  the phone was listed as used/refurbished, but it looks brand new.  i know the two chargers that came with it are brand new; one being a car charger.  i havn't used the phone yet because i'm still using my other phone.  i don't expect to have any problems with this phone.  i had ordered another motorola razor v3m from another company, but it was never delivered to me so a got a refund.  with wireless warehouse usa, i got the phone in a week.  i started using this phone five days ago because i was still using my other phone.  i'm already hooked on/addicted to this phone.  this is the nicest phone i've ever used.  it's so practical and user friendly that you kind of get addicted to it and don't want to use any other phone.  my other phone has all the functions that this phone has, but not with the same feel and kind of telepathic response this phone gives you that it's always working with you to make your experience with it better.  i can see now why this phone is still the highest selling cell phone of all time.

The phone was fine.  We had it turned on and contacts switched over.  The cover of the battery would not stay on, and the charger that came with the phone did not work.  We had an old charger for a RAZR to charge the phone.  We are returning it and hoping to get another one.  Would have been happier to have just switched out the backing and charger.  I had contacted the company had no problem getting responses.

the battery just keeps going dead so fast. I think yall sold me a defect battery

I purchased this phone in hopes of replacing my old razr from Verizon.  I was excited when I got this in the mail and the phone looked like official Verizon merchandise but I later learned that not all features were supported by the Verizon network even though this phone is advertised by the seller that it does.  The first thing I noticed when I turned the phone on was that the software was different than my old one but I figured the phone may have older/newer software. I went to the Verizon store and they had a little trouble getting the phone activated but once it was up then it was ready to go but only a couple  things...it constantly roams and it can not send nor recieve picture messages.  I was on the phone with Verizon's tech support for over two hours but they were not able to help me so their suggestion was to go to a Verizon store.  So, back to the Verizon store I went where I was told the software that was installed was through Altell...not Verizon.  They said they would not be able to flash it to Verizon so that I could actually utilize all the features of the phone without frying the phone.  I went to another Verizon store who did attempt to flash it but it did nothing.  As the representative looked at the phone she noticed that the back plate which this seller boasted as a Verizon phone was just a little off which indicated that the Verizon back plate was not the original and there were some scuff marks on it...which also indicated that the phone was used..another disappointment since the one I ordered was advertised as new.I paid close to 80.00 for this phone because the seller indicated that it was indeed a Verizon phone and was supported by the Verizon network.$80.00 lesson learned and now I have a phone that I can't use except as a great paper weight and a powerful reminder there isn't always truth in advertising.

The cell phone worked fine,but when I went to Verizon I could not activate this phone on my plan. I would highly recommend not ordering cell phones from this seller.

Battery wouldn't hold a charge for even a full day. tried buying replacement batteries from other companies had same problems. If trying to use bluetooth with any of the batteries phone would shut off and not turn back on unless you removed and put the battery back in. Tried to return to the seller: Dealscaly but they refused. Wasted my money.

I purchased a phone that was "used, in good condition".  I paid extra for expedited 2 day shipping.  After 4 days the phone had not yet shipped.  I emailed the contact inquiring when the product would ship but received no response.  When the product finally arrived I discovered that the key pad did not work, I could only intermittently key in a command and when I did hit send for *228, to activate it with Verizon, the phone never actually rang but simply hung up.  In addition, the screen would freeze up and go between frozen to blank white.  Terrible responsiveness, show shipment, defective product.  And the most frustrating piece of this was that I selected this seller specifically b/c they had received high marks for ALL of these characteristics in all of the previous reviews other than one 3 of 5 for slow shipment.  This is very frustrating!

I purchased this RAZR as a replacement for my husband's that is falling apart. We are trying to lower out bills and reduce our wireless costs by going back to our basic phones. I got the phone and all accessories very timely, BUT... I call Verizon to activate the phone and they tell me it is in use. What the he**?!?!?! A huge waste of $80 being we can't even use it. VERY UPSET and DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!! Seriously... how can it be in use if I have the phone in my possession? Anyway... SUCKS and never again!!!!

I got this to replaced a device I had (lost?) in a hospital. It arrived quickly was easy to reload with my phone book and took care of my needs until I was discharged....  Then I wanted it to link to my vehicle's Kenwood. I mean my previous (older) one did. Would not work, so I stopped at the local Verizon where the associate pulled out his smarter phone and quickly said, &#34;Your Bluetooth isn't working, no signal&#34;. So that where I am, wish the sellar had fully check it out before selling (well I thought that was implied)!

It says it's verizon wireless compatible, but it's not.  Verizon technical support said they would be unable to activate it.  Only works with "Alltel" plans.

I have had 3 of these phones, this one will not snc to the bluetooth in my car like m other one did, it is the old programming, and it cannot be up dated--I want to return this for a full credit, lets see how I get jerked aroud now

i love this phone but mostly i love the fact i paid $20. for it. i hate the idea of spending half a paycheck (500) on a device that lets people contact me at all hours of the day. plus i have already dropped it over 6 times and its still good

it does the job. a old type model.small phone and small screen.but it does the job.the razor v3m. was a good phone then but your choices are limited to what is a basic phone today

My original one still works fine, but the paint has worn off, so it looks old. The two (supposedly) new ones do not ring. My son is lucky, his works fine. So if you want to chance it, get one, if vibrate is good for you. I'm back to using my original one bought a long time ago from Motorola. Great phone if it really is from Motorola and is new. I doubt it.

Ordered this phone and thought I was getting a good deal, till it showed up and the phone had no battery. Now I have to go and purchase a battery for it... Be careful who you order from!!
