
The phone was sent in a used unsealed marked box. Parts of the phone,(back cover,battery etc')were lying unsecured in the bottom of the box. The phone looks new but could also be refurbished. There is a warranty but I paid for a new phone not a phone that was on display or used before. Going to send it back!

I'm happy with the purchase because  theBlackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera  complies with the specifications described in the offer, meets the expectations of the purchase

I know It is already too late to make any claim and I can not do anything to solve my problem because the equipment is in Venezuela, but I want to extend my bad experience with this seller to other buyers of the community of AMAZON.COM for not deceived by the same seller.The cellular that sold me is not original.The keyboard is bad. The keys are repeating the letters.The CD is not original, have a wrong file and you can not load on CPU

The battery was not new. It had scratches in different angles. Neither the camera nor the 3g( maybe my country does not recognize the band  -Argentina?? ) ever worked .  Is this normal ?I would appreciate very much if someone could contact me... nano_williams@hotmail.comMany ThanksLuciano Williams

ME SIENTO COMPLACIDA POR EL SERVICIO DE AMAZON, POR CUANTO SE CUMPLIO A CABALIDAD LA EXPECTATIVA DE ENTREGA, EN CUANTO AL PRODUCTO CUMPLE CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES SE&Ntilde;ALADAS Y FUNCIONA PERFECTAMENTE. GRACIAS Y LOS FELICITO.

After much deliberation I decided to purchase the Blackberry Bold 9700. There were many bad reviews about the product (about the phone being used, refurbished etc) and this had me really worried. However when I saw that OEM Planet was selling the product I decided to buy from them as I had great service from them in the past. The phone came very fast, it was brand new in the original blackberry box. It came with all the accessories brand new from the package. The phone was unlocked, I just inserted my sim card and it instantly connected to my local network. I will encourage everyone to purchase from OEM Planet as other sellers got bad reviews. Excellent product and service. I love my new Bold 9700!

Very happy with my new blackberry! It works PERFECT but the BEST part of everything eas the delivered; they promised it will get on time and it DID!!!!!! happyy, happy with my purchase!

When I first got my phone, it seemed to work perfectly with my carrier in Venezuela (Movilnet) even thought it had a problem with the WiFi connection. I used the phone for a whole week knowing that "Cell Lounge" sent me a refurbished blackberry when I specifically ordered a NEW one; anyway it stopped working because it presented a "JVM error 102" and it wouldn't go on. The screen just stayed black with those words on it. That same day, I found out that the USB did not work either. I regret this purchase.Cuando recibi el telefono, parecia funcionar perfectamente con mi linea venezolana, Movilnet, aunque tenia problemas al conectarme con el WiFi. Utilice el telefono por una semana sabiendo que la compania "Cell Lounge" me habia enviado un blackberry reconstruido cuando yo especificamente ordene uno NUEVO. De todas formas, el BB dejo de funcionar y la pantalla solo decia "JVM error 102", y no prendia el telefono. La pantalla quedo en blanco. Ese mismo dia, descubri que el puerto USB tampoco funcionaba. Estoy muy arrepentida de esta compra.

By way of information I communicate my point of view on the package did not come cellular memory card micro sd 1gb and charger came damaged. Therefore I say to be more careful with the products they sell because people pay for a product complete in all its parts and accessories.

Good days, my dissatisfaction wanted to make come to you with the product that was bought to his shop. The motive obeys to that the telephone blackberry bold 9900. They it sent brand T-MOBILE and never in his advertising they specify a brand. This equipment does not sail in Internet, since it is not compatible in venezuela with the majorities of cellular companies. It is a deceitful advertising that you must eliminate since they defraud the buyers with products that they do not specify in his advertising or photos.

This product is a very good phone. The description was exactly what it said it would be. Unlocked and it is the international version. I am very happy and satisfied with my purchase. Thanks alot!

el celular es repotenc&iacute;ados.no trajo el mano libre,la pila es generica y la pila vino con bastante rayones. y de paso la carcasa de alante es chomba son unos estafadores ladrones.le escribo esto para que la gente no le compren m&aacute;s,porque son unos sucio que enga&ntilde;an a la gente

for the product that you buy the blackberry bold 2. that came out wrong (screen at 25 days after arriving did not work and the headset also more in 2 days is burned) Total damage. not recommend it to anyone, the product is not original. can not trust you

fast delivery,  is a unlocked product as it was listed, but the connect cable does not work. phone can not be charged or connected to PC.  outlet is ok, has to buy a new USB cable to get it to work.  product works fun so far.

EL TELEFONO ME FUNCIONO BIEN EN ECUADOR APENAS METI EL CHIP DE MI OPERADOR ME FUNCIONO EL UNICO PROBLEMA ES QUE ME VINO CON LA BATERIA DE OTRO MODELO DE BLACKBERRY PORQUE AL PONERLE LA TAPA DEL CELULAR NO CERRABA POR LO QUE TUBE QUE COMPRAR OTRA BATERIA QUE SEA PROPIA DE MI CELULAR

there was a small issue but cell lounge worked with me and it was resolved to my satisfaction.  i would buy from them again and i like Blackberry products.

9700 bb. The phone was wonderful, the camera has good flash so I could take pictures even in dark areas, BUT THEN I DROPPED MY PHONE PROBABLY LESS THAN 50 CENTIMETERS (THE FALL WAS SMOOTH) BUT THE SCREEN WENT IMMEDIATELY WHITE AND HAD A LINE ON THE SCREEN. SO I THINK MY PHONE IS BROKEN. I CAN NOT BELIEVED THAT A PHONE THAT COST SO MUCH CAN EASILY BREAK, IT IS A LOT MONEY AT LEAST IN MY COUNTRY (ECUADOR) AND I FEELING FRUSTRATED AND DISAPPOINTED THAT A SMALL FALL CAN MAKE SO MUCH DAMAGE. BLACKBERRY COMPANY SHOULD MAKE BETTER PHONES, HIGH QUALITY AND RESISTANT. IT IS A CELL PHONE IS ALWAYS MOVING CAN FALL ANYTIME. SO SAD THAT MY PHONE IS NOT WORKING ANYMORE

OHH MY LORD i DO'NT HAVE GOOD LOOK WITH YOU MY CELLPHONE IS BAD BATERY AND TRACK PAD ARE BAD OR DAMAGE EXCUSE MY ENGLISH IS NO VERY GOOD

felicidades el producto llego rapido en perfecto estado con todos sus accesorios gracias a @Wireovia LLC funciona execente en venezuela

I RECEIVED THE PHONE WITHOUT THE BATTERY BACK COVER. SAY IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION IS NEW AND IS FALSE. WHEN CHECKING THE "STATE" PHONE IN THE MENU "OPTIONS", USE OF VOICE AND DATA NOT IN "0", WHICH INDICATES THAT IS USED. DO NOT BUY WITH ROSS CELULLAR.I FEEL DECEIVED AND CHEATED.

I really feel cheated because I bought the phone and they sent me new and used, with more than 18 hours in use voice and a lot of megas at sea. It brought the CD to install your software on the computer, did not bring the micro SD memory, apart from all that was corporate team and had to spend money taking it to a technician to remove a restriction that will not let me descargarle applications and had active iT policy. Just pick up 3G Movilnet and Movistar, Digitel has only to GSM.For all the reviews I've seen, I'm not the only one scammed. I hope Amazon does something with these types of vendors as is leaving a very bad position.

It looks nice.  It was not entirely intuitive, but not that difficult to figure out.  Once I &#34;got it&#34; it was fun to use.  I didn't know exactly what to expect, but what I got was great.  Haven't had a chance to try it out overseas yet, but am assuming it will be great there, as well.  The supplier, Onestopbuy, was responsive and helpful, so it has been a good experience and a good product.  Yea!

more stylish than curve, but the material used to build this phone is average. For the money, not a good choice.

The phone is shutting down unexpectedly. Probably it is refurbished.I put a new battery but the problem still continues. I do not recommend.I purchased  this to use in another country and do not know what to do.

I want this phone, but I need RCM72UW model, which is working with bands 850/1900/2100 and 3G version would be the AT & T, Rogers, Telus. please tell me if is this model? I need this information to make the purchase! I would appreciate it to be honest in the answers! thank you!

llego a tiempo, en perfectas condiciones...... funciona muy bien, las bandas estan abiertas para cualquiera d elas reden ac&aacute; en Ecuador. recomendable

la compra se realizo por amazon el precio junto nuevo con loa accesorios que vienen  con el producto en su caja bien embalada y cuidada gracias

It works better than expected!I'm from Venezuela, and I've been trying it about a month.works with "Digitel", "Movistar", and "Movilnet".It arrived with all accessories: headphones, battery charger, usb cable, and in excellent conditions...there is only a detail, it came without commercial invoice.

i would like to see the id number for this phone i lost this phone so i would like to get it back .

Good evening, the product (cell bold 2) I get seller_pro2011 purchased defective charger never served, the cell was described as new and given that the battery would not start and entered the cell to take a technician and he said cell was repowered, the beteria also came damaged.

This is not bad,,,,,and not good.There is no SD-card.I think, this is not brand new.This is open to battery cover.

I ordered 2 Blackberry 9700 Bold phones from cell lounge.  One phone arrived with incorrect size battery and "A" button did not work; the other phone was fine but with an instruction booklet that belonged to another phone.I returned the defective phone but had to pay for the return shipping.A week later, I received the new phone with the correct battery.  But, the battery empties out in only 2 days.

there has been a delay and I got the phone after 25 days. Second, this phone isn't an international version because all it is from AT&T. Third, the inside of the phone seems that someone has been using it before. Forth, there wasn't any warranty inside the box. Fifth, all the phone versions were very old and I had to pay $40 to update its versions. Sixth and most important thing that once I use the camera, the phone goes off and shot down. I want to keep the phone because I have no time to send it back or fix it because I already paid more than $50 trying to fix it. I'm not happy with this company.

El producto lleg&oacute; con las especificaciones y accesorios que indicaba. Funciona muy bien en Venezuela y levanta 3G sin problemas. Recomendable para Movistar y Movilnet.

equipo en buenas condicionesusadono tiene rallonesbonitoentraga rapidalistoparausar.todas las funcionesestanoperativasbuena calidad.

son unos ladrones no les compren pedi un bold 9700 nuevo y vino malo estaba como partido y depaso el trackpad no le funciona.thieves are not asked for a bold 9700 buy new and bad wine was as a party and depaso the trackpad does not work

This Blackberry is good value for money. You however need to update the OS it soon after you begin using it.

I ordered a bold 9700 and received a bold 9650. I am not satisfied with the poor quality of phone I received! I hate it

CHEWVERE

Buenas amigos(as), recibi el tlf con la pantalla completamente rota, y eso que tenia su sello de seguridad sin romper, el telefono lo lleve a soporte tecnico y me indicaron que era reconstru&iacute;do, me parece una total falta de respeto para el comprador, esta es una compra decepcionante, intent&eacute; contactar a la tienda y nunca me respondi&oacute;, amigos venezolanos no se dejen guiar por la puntuaci&oacute;n de las estrella, vendedor no recomendable.. APRENDA A SER SERIO &iexcl;ESTAFADOR!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Good friends (as), received the tlf with the screen completely broken, and that they had their security seal unbroken, take the phone to technical support and told me it was rebuilt, it seems a total lack of respect for the buyer , this is a disappointing purchase, I tried to contact the store and never answered Venezuelan friends not be guided by the score of the star, recommended seller .. LEARN TO BE SERIOUS SCAMMER!

MUY BUENO  DESDE VENEZUELA MUY BUEN DESDE VENEZUELA LO RECOMIENDO 100% LLEGO A TIEMPO MUY  BUENA LA ENTREGA TODO AL DIA RESPONSABLES Y SEGURO

My old Blackberry Curve stopped working. I tried both the Blackberry Q10 and the Samsung 4, but I did not have the right touch for either.I was happy to find  a brand new Blackberry 9700 World Phone at under $100, unlocked  with warranty from Mango Wireless, but later became scared when I read horror stories about companies shipping reconditioned phones sold as new, old batteries, etc. and some that did not work at all in various parts of South America to which I travel.The phone arrived exactly as promised, in 2 or 3 days, in a new sealed Blackberry box, with a charger and battery. I put in my old SIM card and was almost ready to go!I received quite a bit of tech support from T-Mobile to set up my e-mail, etc. because I am not handy.Very satisfied with the product and Mango Wireless which sold it to me.

todo muy bien lo recomiendo es mejor de lo que esperaria empresa responsable y llego tal como el vendedor me informo y funsiona muy bien con todas las operadoras en venezuela muy contento

I got my phone today and i was disappointed that the headphones wires were disconnected and cannot function and there was no memory card in the phone.......the back cover of the phone does not fit properly on the phonei know i am assembling it correctly because i had one of these phones before i am yet to put in my sim card and check the functionality of the phone

The customer service is very responsive and polite. Had a couple of questions concerning the item. They were quite helpful. I need the back cover and battery replaced and they said they will do it promptly.

I don't know why there is always sound &#34;tak tak tak&#34; when I plug headphone in to listen to the music. Except this issue, everything is ok

very good product the only thing that does not bring Spanish since I am from Venezuela,but otherwise very good meparce

Telefono en buenas condiciones funciona bien con movilnet siempre y cuando este en optimas condiciones la operadora es muy rapido llego en buanas condiciones tal cual como lo ofrecio el vendedor

It was not what I order and paid forThe phone case is not the original,it has loosen screws,the screen turns on and off,the camera has dots so when you take a picture, you have dots in it. Definitely the phone is NOT NEW.

EL CELULAR ERA LO QUE ESPERABA, EN  EXCELENTES CONDICIONES, ME FUNCIONA MUY BIEN CON MOVISTAR. ME LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO ESPERADO. LO RECOMIENDO

BUENAS TARDESESCRIBO PARA RECLAMAR YA QUE EL TELEFONO SE LE DA&Ntilde;O EL PIN DE CARGA AL MANDARLO A REPARAR ME INDICAN QUE NO TIENE REPARACION YA QUE EL TELEFONO ES RECONSTRUIDO Y ESTA MUY DA&Ntilde;ADO EL PIN, TENGO 4 MESES QUE LO COMPRE Y 3 MESES QUE LLEGO A VENEZUELA COMO ES POSIBLE QUE ENGA&Ntilde;EN A LA GENTE DE ESTA MANERA QUIERE DECIR QUE NO SE PUEDE CONFIAR EN AMAZON QUE SE HACE EN ESTOS CASOS NECESITO UNA RESPUESTA.

The phone is working well However, I am still waiting on the accessories for this phone, because  it was advertise as a new phone.

The screen worked a couple of times and that was all. The seller didin't want to replace the item because the purchase was more than fifteen days, For me it is impossible to return the item (15 days) because I live in Venezuela ...

el equipo llego bien y anda super rapido lo recomiendo no he tenido ningun problema el 3G lo anda de maravilla

I had signal problems with the cel phone in my country, because the product wasn't new, it is a remaked phone, and i bought it as a new cel phone. I needed 3 technics to repair it. After that, the phone has been working good.

The blackberry Bold 2 is the worse phone I have ever owned. I was very excited to get the Bold 2, but was very disappointed by its overall function and use. It was my first Blackberry product. My wife still uses the original Blackberry, which still works great even after a lot of abuse. I have many complaints with the phone: the mouse gets stuck and makes the phone useless. Without the mouse, the phone book, Internet browser, text messaging, etc. cannot be accessed, which makes it very frustrating. Terrible phone. Would not recomend the phone to anyone.

I have a problem with my new cellphone, its screen is damaged, it has two littles black spots on the left. I hope that when you have read this note, you answer me and tell me what can I do?.

The display of the phone is damaged and it seems that the display was used.I bought it a few weeks ago The add said that the telephone was new but It is not.Bad product.

First of all I bought 3 "brand new" blackkberry 9700, when i received them i checked them, i checked the voice usage, they had been used for seven days, obviously they were used at least for 2 months before, they should be fined for selling used cellphones as new, one of them came with a defective keyboard, I repaired it and they charged me $30, Be aware of this sellers or you will be swindled!

I had the phone shipped to a friend then he brought it to me here in Mozambique.  it is impossible for me to return it so I needed a phone  worked from the get go.  There were software problems and upgrades required.  somethingI feel should have been sorted before shipping.Then after about four weeks of use the speaker stopped working so I could hear everyone else but they couldnt hear me.Useless.costomer services were no help

I`m very happy whith my telef so faster and very ligthok no puedo describir mas en ingles. hasta ahora me parece muy buen producto llego en excelente estado me encantagracias

It's easy to use, not to big, these phones are good just for traveling or use time to time, but for everyday use I prefer a Samsung.

excelente producto recomendado vendedor serio y responsable, envio rapido y oportuno no tuve ningun tipo de inconvenientes muy buena compra

I stripped it down to the motherboard and there were signs it has been rebuilt. The phone performed as any other blackberry would.

if not too late to say, but only use it for two months, and had problems with the software. and then I knew I was hurt the screen, and when you get the phone in my hands I saw it was rebuilt ..was not very honest seller ... selling used items as new!

Have anyone had problems downloading stuff! Like Blackberry Protect and Blackberry Application World? I"m getting an error message each time!

Tengo con el telefono mas de 6 meses y funciona bien. Lo unico que tube que hacer recien comprado fue, actualizarle el software.I have the phone over 6 months and it works well. The only thing to do tube was newly purchased, the software update you.

This phone is a Vodafone and cannot connect to bbm and will not connect to prepaid internet services here in the caribbean but wifi works. And its advertised as "international version"

The phone worked for a week and it was fine until I suddenly unable to hear from my handset.  In order to hear the person on the other line I'm forced to put the phone on handsfree mode

This was a good phone in its time but it is not able to run the current BlackBerry OS 7. Since it has 256M of RAM and OS 7 requires a minimum of 512M to run, there will never be a release for this phone. OS 7 is a big advance particularly in terms of the browser. On the 9700, often it is impossible to load a page because there is not enough memory free even with no other app running and only one tab open. The 9320 Curve has 512M and the 9860 Torch and 9900 Bold have 768M, solving this problem. They also have a faster graphics chip that is needed for the new OS version. And the new platform requires a touch screen and accelerometer, not present here.The processor is old and you'll spend quite a bit of time watching its delay clock spin.Also, this phone is 3G only and 4G networks have been widely deployed. Many newer BlackBerries are 4G compatible and have 4x the maximum download speed.

I wish there was .001 of a star to rate this item . I am from the caribbean and I purchased this phone as a birthday gift to my husband. From the time he started using the phone the delete button had issues , connection to the Internet was extremely slow and the battery life was shorter than advertised. . About three months later, the phone stopped working. When I took it to a technician I was told that it could not be fixed. Apparently it had a hardware problem .and no matter what the technicians tried it did not work . The cost of returning the item was too much, since I am no longer in the U.S . I regret buying this phone .  Now It's just sitting in a draw at home waiting for me to send it to the dumpster .

In spite being a used phone, it's working without any problem. However, I was expecting it would contain the memory card.

"SellPhoneStop" unos ladrones. No les compren. Me envio un equipo que solo funciona para digitel (900 MHz) cuando ofrece en el aviso uno que funciona para Digitel, Movilnet y Movistar. Pase dias buscando en Amazon.com un equipo que funcionara en todas las bandas y estos ladrones lo ofrecen aun a sabiendas que no lo tienen. Espero que Amazon tome cartas en el asunto con estos pillos. Incluso responden groseramente a los correos. Estaba tan contento con el aparato que los califique positivamente aun cuando el equipo que lleg&oacute; es visiblemente viejo. Los plasticos estan rayados y no trae las conexiones electricas para Europa y China, propias de Blackberry (he comprado varios equipos). Se congela, no carga la bater&iacute;a, no prende, no apaga, terrible."SellPhoneStop" thieves. Do not buy. I sent a team that only works for Digitel (900 MHz) when offered in an ad that works for Digitel, Movilnet and Movistar. Spend a day looking at Amazon.com team that worked on all bands and offer these thieves even knowing that they do not. I hope Amazon take action on the matter with these crooks. Even grossly respond to emails. I was so happy with the unit being considered as positive even when the team arrived is visibly older. The plastics are scratched and does not bring electrical connections to Europe and China, own Blackberry (I have bought several computers). Freezes, not charging, does not work, turn off, terrible.

I bought this phone and it has been giving me problems that a new phone shouldn't be giving at this early stage! It is less than 2 weeks old and from the moment i started using it is is freezing up and the buttons sticking or not functioning at all. I am utterly disappointed moreso because i am a first time customer i expected better!

SellPhoneStop Sucks and DeceivesEl art&iacute;culo deb&iacute;a funcionar en las bandas 3G HSDPA/UMTS 850/900/1700/1900/2100 pero este aparato solo funciona en las bandas 3G 900/1700/1900.Yo nesecitaba la banda 850.Es un p&eacute;simo enga&ntilde;o. Tengan cuidado con esta tienda.The article should operate in the bands 3G HSDPA / UMTS 850/900/1700/1900/2100 but this device only works on 3G bands 900/1700/1900. I need the band 850. It is a terrible deception.Beware of this store.

Recib&iacute; mi bold 9700, pero la verdad no estoy satisfecho ya que compre un Tf nuevo y me llego uno con la bater&iacute;a usada y sin garant&iacute;a y eso que yo pague mas por la garant&iacute;a. totalmente decepcionado

vivo en venezuela y quiero saber si este equipo esta liberado para cualquier operadora de mi pais (movilnelt, movistar y digitel) ? o para una en especifica? gracias

I order and payed for NEW phone as was advertised and I got really heavy used old one. Wrote of coarse a negative review. They contacted me and told me that this is a mistake and they will send me really new one, but I have to remove my review from the net. So I agreed and they send me another phone. It was kinda suspicious that is new jugging by the packaging and some scratches on the battery but all together for someone with my vision wasn't looking bad. Two weeks ago my camera stop working and I took the phone to be serviced. When they open it to change the camera there was a warranty seal from previous repairing. So again they sold me an old phone for new. There is a name for such a people - LIARS.Don't buy from those crooks!

This great phone has reached all of my claims about smart phone. It is lightweight, with good processing capabilities and guaranteed to be used in all frequency bands.

El tel&eacute;fono lo compre para ser usado en la Argentina y funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n. Llego en los tiempos prometidos (claro que lo mande a una direccion en USA). Sin quejas de mi parte!Everything turned out just the way they promised. The phone works perfectly well.

MY SISTER WANTED A PHONE THAT WAS UNLOCK SO SHE CAN CONTINUED TO CHAT WITH PEOPLE IN THE CARIBBEAN ON BB MESSSAGING. SHE IS ENJOYING THE PHONE AND I WILL DEFINITELY BUY ANOTHER.

The  delivery was fast as usual, the product was in great condition,with case and all. And its working pretty good, so kudos to you!

For those who were wondering the phone has 1,4 and 8 3g bands(at least mine was). Look at this website to see if the phone fits your provider [...] It is completely new out of the package fresh. Really fast delivery ordered the 14th received it the 21st.

I feel cheated because they sent me the 9700 is useless. I bought it as new and sent me very badly, to the point that I have been a technician and he said that this phone has almost all the old parts. The drawbacks are many: I hear when they call me or hear me, I try to make a call and I get error on call and will not let me do it, when I write, some keys are not marked and the other when I press one, I get like they are pressing several keys at once and does not stop, I have to get the battery and put the wristband back to ... REALLY I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS STORE BECAUSE IT WAS THOUGHT RELIABLE AND SENT ME A PHONE THAT DOES NOT WORK! Friends, keep in mind that before making a purchase, we need to see the reviews and the reputation of sellers to see if it is reliable or not, and to avoid the inconventiente I'm running right now with this store.! Amazon should do something with this kind of sellers who are only to rip people off.

This item is a gift for a friend. I am unable to comment on it. You will have to wait for the ultimate user.

Good afternoon:To tell you the phone for you buy the day March 16, 2013, is resenting me problems, hangs must be wiil reset so you can boot.I need to know what your solution

i choose this rating because i purchased this phone and it has a personal lock on the handset, i have been trying to access the unlock code, this handset is useless to me, so pissed!!

Receive item and it was in a poor state with a lot of scratches, very disappointed. Product was describe as being in a like new state. Very misleading.

As simple as that. Came in on time as expected and it works.Buying another one soon to replace someone's broken BB phone.

compre 2 blackberry 9700 bold de los cuales 1 llego bloquedo. y el otro equipo solo funciono 1 mes y de alli en adelante ese telefono no funciono mas.

I like very much this cellphone, it is like new really I feel very happy with blackberryplus, my cellphone is in great condition and arrived very soon.

Great appearance & function, came when promised, battery good...now to learn all the features..

It worked great,but my charger worked for only four days and I had to purchase another,however no problems occurred with the mobile itself. I recommend it

Nice phone love by everyone who saw it . It is up to expectation and can be recommended to anyone

The product arrived as described,unlocked,brand new with all accessories included and they have a great customer service. I will recommended.

me encanto el articulo. lo uso mucho. es lo que pedi. totalmente nuevo de paquete y como lo describe el vendedor.

The product met my expectations, excellent delivery date, packaging very good, excellent price, the phone did not present many scratches that denote their wear, I recommend it.

Product ordered Sunday June 29th and arrived Tuesday July 1st. Battery was dead but I had a new battery in a charge cradle. Installed battery, phone started up. I replaced a 5 year old Bold 9700 so I connected to my laptop and imported all contacts, calendar entries, and email settings. Works like a champ. I love my Blackberry.

There used to be a time that the BBs were the smartphone to get; this is now a distant memory and these phones simply do not perform any more, even just as a phone.

Phone was advertised as new. Instead, I got a refurbished phone with a scratched screen, and the wifi did not work. The only good thing was the fact that the phone was unlocked. First bad experience on amazon.... Dear amazon, please be judicious about companies that get free shipping with prime membership. The only reason I bought this product (and paid more than I should have) was because shipment was fulfilled by amazon.

equipo llego con un da&ntilde;o parte trasera. Por lo dem&aacute;s, llama la atenci&oacute;n tanto el dise&ntilde;o como sus funciones. gracias.

is certainly a good cellular phone excellent. It is the fifth phone I buy for this provider and I have not had any complaints, good price, spotless cosmetic condition and maybe a good price. packaging fits the item and thus avoided paying so much weight.definitely my family and I are very happy with the service oferce this supplier. Thanks for finding it. Keep buying because now my friends have lovedFredysG

I received my order  much earlier than the scheduled date of delivery. Though  I bought it for my friend in Nigeria and it's really working very well with their network  over there. I believe it's a good stuff.

Loved the features and feel of this smartphone and battery life has improved. Always wanted a smartphone and I think I have found the one for me.

In relation to the technical details indicated for the telephone, specifically on the 3G bands, this phone dont have the 3G band for 1900 MHz1.- In relation to the technical details indicated for the telephone, specifically the 3G bands, this phone dont have the 3G band for 1900 MHzThe Thecnical Detail indicate the follow"Talk time up to 6 hours - Standby up to 408 hs and 3G HSDPA/UMTS 850/900/1700/1900/2100 plus GPRS/EDGE data capabilities"2.- The PIN Nbr show on Labels (Box and rear telephone label) is different to indicated on phone system,The rear label pin: 23266536System PIN: 228D5399The IMEI NBr is OK on the Label an phone System

hola por favor necesito la factura comercial para que el articulo sea enviado a mi pais pavor comunicarse a travez del correo ernesto1_30@hotmail.com

PLEASE DON'T BUY FROM THIS MERCHANT. I REGRET I PAID FOR A NEW PHONE AND USED PHONE WAS SENT. THE INDICATOR STRIP ON THE BATTERY IS RED WHICH MEANS PHONE GOT IN CONTACT WITH WATER OR LIQUID. HE WANTS ME TO STAY WITHOUT A PHONE AND SEND THE PHONE ACROSS. THIS IS CAUSING INCONVENIENCE TO ME. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE ANY ITEMS FROM THIS MERCHANT. BEWARE.

se pidi&oacute; un tel&eacute;fono nuevo, y mandaron uno usado con miles de detalles, no puedo creer que la propaganda diga 3g y no lo es me parece una burla por parte del vendedor

bueno caja sellada llego a tiempo todo bueno pila nueva todo bien excelente vendedor  le compre 2 no es 3g

Excelente producto, satisfaccion total con la adquisicion del mismo, lo e uitilizado desde su compra y es lo maximo este blackberry...

this phone is great, quickly and easy handly, bold 9700 is the best smartphone, Im very sastisfy and gratefull, i would like know if this product have with holster since this does not include.

DON'T BUY this product... sales like NEW but NOT.. it's USED.. NO CABLE USB.. NO CHARGER.. so many scratch's.. DON'T WORK.. THIEVES!..

Awesome! great seller, excellent atention, and the cellphone was in good condition. I got it on time. Good job guys!I seriously recommend this seller!

I was disillusioned by the quality of the camera was not expected, are clouded. I thought I had better resolution.

El equipo que aqu&iacute; ofrecen no llen&oacute; las expectativas que yo esperaba.  Solicit&eacute; un equipo nuevo, desbloqueado y el equipo que enviaron es usado, no est&aacute; desbloqueado, est&aacute; escrito a mano por detr&aacute;s del equipo. Se puede observar la cantidad de uso excedida en la parte de estado del tel&eacute;fono.  Realmente me siento timada en lo que compr&eacute;.

phone is not new shoddy refurbished battery was damaged less than three months of using the operating system sticks lost my money and buy 2 phones on the same slope future buyers of this man as they are not new to me sold as new pro that was to buy them is a fraud

The problem is that the Blackberry came with a damaged power supply. Changed the battery does not recharge. I can not use the equipment.

Stepdaughter still using it to this day.... is tht enough words for them, lets see. Nope need 5 more so there ya go AGAIN

Me encanta por que  es muy economico comprarlos con ustedes es un ahorro y la calidad es lo mejor, Me encanta por que  es muy economico comprarlos con ustedes es un ahorro y la calidad es lo mejor

Reciba de mi parte un cordial saludo, Gracias por el envio del celular  , magnifico producto , estoy satisfecha, llego en buen estado y conforme a la descripci&oacute;n y modelograciashasta una pr&oacute;xima compra

El producto es realmente como lo ofrecen, totalmente nuevo y con todos sus accesorios. El unico detalle es que ac&aacute; en Venezuela solo agarra 3G con la operadora Movilnet. 100% recomendado!

I have come to realize that purchasing electronics or cell phones on amazon is a thing of luck. I purchased 2 blackberry 9700 and i requested new phones and paid full price for both, unfortunately cell lounge sold me 2 refurbished phones...one wit d track pad not working and the other with one of d function keys not working. no cd came with d phones. batteries were scratched...its supposed to b a new phone not used. even though they were very apologetic when i called in my complaints but needless to say i would be returning d phones since a blackberry wit a bad track pad is worse than no phone at all!

I guess for the price, I shouldn't have expected much.  The 'O' key sticks so it's hard to type an &#34;o,&#34; and the &#34;a&#34; and the &#34;t&#34; repeat when typed.  The phone gets stuck a lot and has to be reset.

the phone started to malfunction in couple days... no good and i loss my money...i am very disappointed and will not buy again

un excelente articulo que he comprado y hasta hoy nunca he tenido problema espero que siga as&iacute; vendiendo buenos art&iacute;culos a excelente tiempo de entrega

I bought two of these phones recently and out of the two one seems to be working fine thus far.  However I had problems with the other one when i inserted my sim card and the back light just wont come on.  Makes no sense sending it back so I will just have to make do with it till I am ready to purchase another phone.

The phone works perfectly. 3G works fine. Connects to wifi. Camera and flash work perfectly. A little detail on the keyboard, the plastic piece at the bottom, underneath the space-shift-alt buttoms was not fitting quite well on a corner but a little push put it back in place. In overall, the phone looks and works great. As great as a BlackBerry can be. I'm pleased.

To make it quickly I bought the phone and by the time the mail left the package @ my house. It turns out that the PHONE wasn't inside the box! I mean I got the earphones, the manual, everything but the phone. Fortunately amazon recognized the thing and made a refund ... But I just couldn't give it ASA present for Christmas, because I had to wait until amazon got the package a week after. So they could make the refund... Whatever... Amazon used To be my favorite website ... But i don't recommend it To buy a blackberry unless it has just came out on the market. Other way you will get a damaged, scrached,used or you will just NOT get the phone.as simple as that.

El tel&eacute;fono celular Bold Blackberry 9700 desbloqueado cuatribanda Smartphone 3G con c&aacute;mara de 3.2 MP, GPS, Wi-Fi y Bluetooth - Versi&oacute;n Internacional con la garant&iacute;a (Negro)que compre en la tienda Orderinstant, Proveedor de Amazon, fue una buena compra., el equipo celular, resulto de buena calidad, y funcionamiento, lo configure con el Operador de la Red Movistar, sin ning&uacute;n problema t&eacute;cnico, vino con todos sus accesorios operativos., Recomiendo a la Empresa Orderinstan ampliamente., y dan excelente garant&iacute;a., Caracas, VenezuelaThe Blackberry Bold 9700 cell phone unlocked quadband 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - International Version with Warranty (Black)you buy at the store Orderinstant, Provider Amazon was a good buy., cellular equipment, resulted in good quality, and performance, configure it with Movistar Network Operator, without any technical problems, came with all accessories operating ., I recommend that the Company Orderinstan widely., and give excellent warranty., Caracas, Venezuela.

Very nice phone, works well, all features work well, but the phone is not unlocked!! I would recommend it to a friend.

I am very pleased with my purchase of this product. The Blackberry 9700 Bold is a very reliable phone and is the third Blackberry phone I have purchased for my personal use over the years. This is the ideal phone for business use. Also, I was very satisfied with the service. The package arrived on schedule.

i wanted to upgrade my blackberry and decided to purchase this one.  I A VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE.  i love its features and how easy it is to operate.

Excelente vendedor, me llego tal cual el equipo ofrecido para la venta y de regalo un cargador para automovil... Lo recomiendo compra segura sin ningun problema. Gracias!

I am satisfied with the way this device work...I haven't found too much faults with it, hoping to keep it for a while

Excelente,  lo recomiendo 100%

very unhappy with the seller abe-123, the phone is sold as new when it is actually used or second hand,the battery is used, the phone has details,is not new,I hope the phone is not damaged,is abuse of this seller to offer a product as new and not,in addition to a far more expensive than other vendors. does not bring its case, does not bring the installation cd, did not bring your sd memory

Ross Cellular is a deceiver. I bought 2 new Blackberry 9700 from that store through amazon. Turns out I received 2 refurbished phones instead. Within 2 weeks of using the phones the operating system crashed and the phones could not turn on. Upon assessing the batteries they were not original blackberry batteries rather replacement. Brought the phones to an authorized blackberry/smartphone specialist who diagnosed the the problems as follows:open/damaged circuit boards, old software programme (phone needs to be reprogrammed)and a useless batteries!Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth--International Version with Warranty (Black)

The phone is rebuilt, brought no accessories, the charger is bad, corroded contacts, is not new, refurbished, no good product.

excelente compre desde venezuela y el aparato funciona muy bien llego en buen estado y totalmente liberado. 100% recomendado, .

good night, the phone that you have published is t-mobile? because here in Venezuela t-mobile does not work on 3G

I got this cellphone that looked in good condition and "new" as I wanted, but I was shocked, when i turn in on and realized that the red button to close the phone calls did not work. So I took it to a technician and wheh he opened it in front of my eyes I discovered that the interior was old and even with some sand inside!!! Also the circuits looked rusty, so as you can understand I don't recomend to buy products to this seller. I feel scamed!!

I recommend this phone for a office manager or someone who is constantly checking E-Mail, it's also great for people who text a lot, the phone has a great design and it very stylish, the keyboard is great (one of the best I've used on a mobile phone), also all blackberry's have great e-mail services making it very easy to check, send and receive e-mails.

this item say new and when i get it when i press a butten the phone keep pressing and doing a lot of things on it own it drive me crazy

I bought this as a gift for my mom. She doesnt much like technological stuff but quite likes this phone as it is quite easy to manipulate. I really say much about the phone

I was Sold a Blackberry 9700 as New , but the track pad does NOT work !so unprofessional . I got the phone it took forever to boot up , then when it finallybooted up , no selections cannot be made because the track pad doesn't even respond , how could this be a new phone , besides it have text and mail stored on it .Come on be real .

missing parts and i cant find it to buy anywhere i wasted my money i should have bought something else

If you are looking for a good, reliable and new phone; YOU ARE LOOKING AT THE WRONG PLACE !I buy phones to resell. When i bought this phone i bought it with the intention that it was NEW when it was actually REFURBISHED !The phone has MULTIPLE ERRORS ! Firstly the volume button stopped working. Then the whole PHONE STOPPED WORKING ! When it turned on there was a white screen with a battery with a red line across it showing. When I took it to the technician it is realized that it was refurbished as there were replacement screws in them and NOT THE ORIGINAL. This problem forced me into changing the circuit board which was VERY EXPENSIVE !AS SUCH I ADVISE YOU ALL NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE !

Everything about this particular phone is bad, seems it was used or refurbished . And it has some funny logo instead of bb logo coming up when switched on

Bought it for a family member over seas and they love it.It works fine with the Caribbean phone network provider that is available on the island.Had to give it 4 stars based off of my family members review

los recomiendo 100% calidad del producto gente muy responsables volvere hacer compras vale la pena contar con gente asi para realizar sus compras

dont waste your money or your time. I got this phone for my son and all it dose is freeze all the time. The battery dose not last a day

ya fueron recibidos en muy corto tiempo en Venezuela, ambos telefonos funcionan perfectamente, gracias por prestarnos el servicio Atentamente Maria Quintero

I bought the phone in your store is a blackberry bold 9700, the phone has fifteen days of use and is having problems with the screen, it has suffered falls, shock, moisture or accidents that could cause Danlos the team, as the phone has guarantee what I can do?, I'm from Venezuela, thank you for your prompt response.

The cellphone works. I live in Argentina and all the functions works perfectly.I was at te United States last month for one week, and i had to claim my item to amazon because it didn't arrive.But after 8 bussiness days the item finally arrived, it was in perfect conditions with all the accesories.

I work for a wireless carrier, I have used this for two years now, here are some of the pro's and cons...pros: 1. email is good, if you are on the BES, and also configurable for internet email like aol, etc...2. I like the functionality of keeping notes that upload to my company email note file on outlook, instantly. 3. keypad is nice and seems to be pretty durable even after two years of button mashing.4, voice quality is the best i have yet to run accross for a blackberry. I have used them since the beginning and this one outperforms the rest.Cons: takes forever to reset, limited apps, many websites and services are discontinuing apps for blackberry in favor of Droid platform or Iphone...Also has issues with youtube video formats, my carrier still has not been able to provide fixes for this, so if you youtube alot, dont expect to do it with the Blackberry. Some fixes work for some but not all. That is a problem.

I ordered this phone from the Amazon Fulfilled carrier/ seller.  I made absolute sure that I clicked on the &#34;new&#34; option.What I received -1. Phone came in Blackberry packaging, nothing generic, not even the battery.  Everything was new....2. The phone itself has been used. There is dust in every crevice of the keys and buttons.  The charger &#34;hole&#34; has been tampered with, as if it has been plugged into a charger multiple times; there are scratches around this area.  The very top right button on the phone that is used to silence it, does not work at all.  The trackpad was very, very scratched and oddly sticky.  It's obvious that this phone did not come to me as being brand new.  When I turned the phone on, AT&T;'s logo flashed onto the screen.  My T-Mobile SIM card WORKED with this phone, however, I have returned it.If you are lucky enough to actually receive a NEW Blackberry (since you paid for one) then enjoy it, I know it is a great phone.  I found that some sellers are unreliable and it's unfortunate that I did not receive what I had paid for.

this is a great phone for the price, too bad blackberry is in bankruptcy, and this phones won't come anymore.

Disculpe se me habia olvidado mencionar que ya recibi el producto y se trata de un buen equipo. Muy buena transaccion al haber adquirido este celular y espero continue funcionando como hasta ahora.

thanks a lot! the product is the same that you show, thanks for everything, 100% recomended, thanks for the blackberry

Wow, what a nice product. Excellent product, good price, I sold it to South America, good profit, I m in a commitment to buy one more time from this seller. Thanks a lot

will damage the base of the horns to hear just two weeks of use I sold it for parts very bad

COMPRE UN CELULAR DESDE EL 8 DE MAYO Y NO LO HE RECIBIDO A UN ESTOY MUY MOLESTA PORQUE NI SIQUIERA LO HA RECIBIDO EL COMPRADOR NECESITO SABER SI LO VOY A RECIBIR O RETIRO LA COMPRA

I bought this phone to take it to South America. When I opened the box it was clearly refurnished. Even charging cable was in a different color (white) instead of the original.I ended up leaving there because of custome issues, but I'm highly dissapointed to have paid brand new price when the product received wasn't new. Shame on this company!

Cell Lounge Inc, sent me a refurbished cell phone. I paid for a new phone, not for the terrible item they sent me. This phone DOES NOT work at all.

My Smartphone arrived in perfect condictions and it is working well. I know it is a used product but is working very well

after reading all these horror stories i am scared to death to order a NEW CELL PHONE!!!!! cause it seems like it doesnt matter that you think you are buying a new one ,your gonna get a used one sent any ways!!!!! yes that is fraud

hola veo con preocupacion que que los celulares llegan sin audifono o auricularhello I note with concern that the phones come without headset or handset

El celular me lleg&oacute; en muy excelente estado... sin embargo se me cay&oacute; y al llevarlo para cambiarle la pantalla me informaron que ya esa pantalla habia sido removida anteriormente, eso me desanim&oacute; mucho....

On December 19, 2011, I placed the Order Number: 102-4853384-6382659 to buy a New Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth--International Version with Warranty (Black). Price: $233.99. In Stock. Ships from and sold by OneGreatSeller. I received it on January 2012 and I keep it until my wife's anniversary on April 2012. In our anniversary, I gave my wife a New Blackberry 9700 Bold bought Via Amazom by OneGreatSeller. What a surprise? The portable phone was used (old). Its memory card has more than 170 photographs, among them some pornographics and strippers pictures . I am very angry about that. It is a fraud.Jose R. Prado daviro_17@hotmail.com

Buy a cell phone and arrive defective, it will not start I ask that I make my money back because the phone does not work

i bought this for friend in venezuela..i used to have it and they knew it was an awesome phone. it worked great there.

Muy contenta con mi producto, a pesar que la bateria tiene problemas y se apaga antes de tiempo el vendedor muy responsable me solvento el problema... Muy agradecida

recibi producto en buen muy buen estado,, exactamente lo que solicite con todos sus accesorios ,,, muchas gracias,, lo RECOMIENDO...!!!

I still for your answer about  the BB. I buy  the smartphone and is damage the camera. I want return the smartphone.

I'm in my 60's and just want great texting and email along with domestic and international phone capabilities.I do not like virtual key boards.  For my purpose this phone is terrific.

Since it is less than 100 bucks, I cannot expect more. Really good typical Blackberry phone. I will recommend to my friend

I got this and it started falling apart in less than 2 days, it looked used, the battery cover door was broken and some keys were falling off after 2 days.

I GOT A BLACKBERRY PHONE THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE NEW AND IT DIDN'T EVEN LAST 6 MONTHS BEFORE IT STARED GIVING PROBLEMS. I TRIED TO FIX IT AND EVERY WHERE I TOOK IT TO THEY TOLD ME THAT THE BROAD IS BAD. THEY AKEPT ASKING ME IF IT HAS EVER HAD WATER DAMAGE AND I TOLD THEM THAT I GOT IT NEW FROM AMAZON LESS THAT FIVE MONTHS AGO. I HAVE BEING TRY TO FIX IT SINCE THEN AND NO LUCK AT ALL. THERE IS NO WAY TO GET IN-TOCH WITH THE SELLER OF THIS FAKE GOOD TO GET ANY KIND OF REFUND OR EXCHANGE ACCORDING TO AMAZON. THIS JUST BLOWSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

They promised a warranty on the phone which is a complete lie. the phone i purchased from them was complete garbage i spent $200 on them and nothing . i wrote them an email requesting the warranty exchange, and i've gotten no answer. i'm writing this to warn other buyers to not purchase from them if they are believing the false advertisied warranty. I called blackberry and blackberry does not honor the warranty this vendor promises. TRUST ME DON"T BUY FROM THEM . DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID !

Todo excelente buen producto, recomendado :) TOTALMENTE nuevo!All excellent good product, recommended :) TOTALLY new!&ntilde; &ograve;&egrave;&iacute; &egrave;&eacute; &auml;&oacute;&ograve;, &igrave;&iacute;&auml;&oacute;&ograve;&ntilde; :) &ntilde;&iacute;&iacute; &iacute;!

I bought a new phone and I received a refurbished one, with no warranty, no earphones, and no USB cable. The keyboard doesn't work well and the lowest part comes off.They promised to send me a new one and nothing has happened yet.I'm still waiting for an answer...

had to send it back and than fight with them to give me my money back. It was the worse phone I have ever seen.

It may not have the frills and fancies of the latest smartphones.But yes it is still a great phone.You cannot write off any Blackberry phone.The email software stands miles ahead of any phone whatsoever.The standard physical keyboard is very comfortable.

very quick do get do miami, very good buy, good price and de product you wanted, very , very good. thank you

Love it. Its just what I was looking for ss a used phone. Looks good.  Works great . I am very pleased

The phone wasn't new as advertised. There were some stuff saved in it.  I'm very disappointed with the saler. The phone itself is working well, but it was advised as new.

i like it look very good i wish the box was nice but. but it looked kept in good hands no mark on it.

Este Telefono tambien era para un regalo y la persona que lo recibio tambien esta muy contenta, porque lo estaba esperando.

The phone was a great buy. the back was slightly damaged when I tried to open it unfortunately.  A manual showing how to open the back would have helped since all phone backs do not open the same way.

was good. thought i had a problem with the area the memory card was to be placed but as it turned out i wasnt inserting it correctly. the product was has described

At first this phone is a dream. It has a great keyboard, great speed and a great feel in your hand. Once you've owned it for a few months however, everything slows down to a turtle pace. If you plan on keeping this phone for just a couple of months, its amazing. If you plan on using it for the long haul i advise you try something else.

que mala experiencia la que yo vivi al comprarle a estas personas, me vendieron un blackberry 9700 como nuevo y resulto que era un telefono reparado, les escribi para exigir una respuesta y no me responden, el telefono celular se a apagado y no quiere encender, me eh quedado sin blackberry y sin dinero. son los peores vendedores que tiene amazon.com, en amazon deberian tomar y denunciar a estas personas y sancionarlas o denunciarlas como estafadores.that bad experience that I lived to buy from these people, they sold me a new blackberry 9700 as it turned out that was a repaired phone, I wrote to demand an answer and do not respond, the cell phone to turn off and will not, eh me out of blackberry and no money. are the biggest sellers is amazon.com, amazon should take on and expose these people and punish them or report them as scammers.

The phone claimed to be new but the indicatior for the battery power remained full at all times and the phone would just die. I would connect it to the charger and it would say battery was at 3%. It sucked.

este es un buen producto me trabaja bien en todo menos el 3G viene desbloqueado y todo el blackberry 9700 yo lo recomiendo aun no trabaje en 3G en mi pais republica dominicana yo lo recomiendo

h&p electronics: El telefono demoro ocho dias en llegar despues de la compra, ademas llego con una falla el parlante (altavoz)llego da&ntilde;ado no podia escuchar musica ni poner en altavoz las llamadas me toco pagar aca en Ecuador por el arreglo.ademas me vino el cd vacio sin ninguna informacion, Todo lo demas , bateria, estuche de cuero, cargador, cable de datos,auriculares, manuales impecables.EXCEPTO: el telefono(defectuoso),cd (vacio)y Mucho tiempo para la entrega. Le puse el chip de la operadora roja impecable,Navega en 3G Y En 2G no es estable hay momentos q se cambia a 2G el resto del dia esta en 3G, Para cualquier duda dejo mi pin :26B1D511

I will surely recommend this item to anyone... it has so many bad reviews, unreasonably so. This is a forum to review the product... not your sellers... if you have a problem with your sellers... go to their individual profile and leave your bad reviews... this forum is to review the actual product... not the service you got... I purchased this from Beast Deals and I certainly have no regrets... even got it updated with OS 6... brand new as described... with a fully functional battery.. comes with headphones, charger, battery, usb cable and user manual... and it is unbranded and unlocked... will work with any GSM network... works with my local network fine... will upload some images shortly... undoubtedly an excellent product by RIM

Phone seemed to be refurbished but worked excellent apart from the blown speaker . not that bad of a buy.

I would like to see how I solved my problem because I made the purchase and came defective phone, I would like to give me an answer pleaseBlackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth--International Version with Warranty (Black)

both service with the telephone were excellent they are very good for the Caribbean. Until now I have not received the monitor I need it to send to the Carribbean to a nurse student,

EL ARTICULO VENIA DE CHINA Y A PESAR DE TODO EL EQUIPO ES NUEVO Y NO PRESENTO NINGUN TIPO DE INCONVENIENTE Y FUNCIONA MUY BIEN EN VENEZUELA.

Good phone and the best to use in a GSM network outside the U.S. Blackberry is still far behind the android phones/iphones, but still a good functional phone for work purposes. Camera can't hold against the aforementioned phones.My handset however, developed a small black spot that kept getting large. Returning items in orders fulfilled by Amazon is pretty awesome so just returned it and just bought another one.

muy bueno, de gran utilidad el &uacute;nico detalle fue que vino malo el manos libre, por lo dem&aacute;s todo bien

No! The phone was not unlocked and when I eventually got it unlocked, the speakers do not work. I shall return it.

it turn off or reboot every 5 minutes! i tried to take it to techinnical service and they dont find the problem, say maybe its the hardware. Te worts thing is this was a chirstmas gift for my dad..what a shame!

it is OK not bad cool good i like it no Bluetooth headset any way that suck thanks cool cool

Very disappointed! I feel like I got a refurbished item which was told NEW. After I paid So much for this!I got imitation accessories, my battery got swollen within a month & my headphone stopped worked within a month ass well. It takes very long to load. NEXT time do not lie to your customers! I will NOT purchase frome here again!  Thanks: No Longer a customer!

Lots of scratches and memory card slot was non-functional. Regretted buying the Bb as I could not return after travelling overseas.

I had to pay in my country to unlock the phone lost a lot of money

PRESENTA FALLA..... COMO HAGO PARA CAMBIARLO? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?

I must have got a lemon, i've had blackberry bolds before, this is my third and this one has given me no end of problems from day one, wrong battery, then it shuts down constantly, if i didn't need it and it didn't cost so much it i would throw it in the bin!

Telefono con defecto, el proveedor no lo cambio, perdi mi dinero..NO SIRVEN

I got the blackberry in excellent condition and it is brand new. I am very satisfied as it was unlocked and I only had to put in the gsm sim to get going.!

I  always wanted to own Blackberry Bold,  finely I do. I will recommend this phone because of its realiabilty and easy to use keyboard. I just love it.

I ordered the phone expecting it to be new. But after it got delivered, when I opened the box, it seemed used. The screen guard had lots of scratches as if it was taken out of the box many times.

bueno yo eleg&iacute; esta clasificaci&oacute;n por que considero que el equipo me llego en buen estado y no escogi la maxima calificaci&oacute;n por que el equipo es una imitaci&oacute;n y no el original ,y si se retardo un poco en llegarme el equipo una de las cosas que me gustaria que mejorara bueno me despido muchas gracias por sus servicios.

HelloI loved the Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth--International Version with Warranty (Black)Fast deliverythanks

BUENAS NOCHES. NO COMPREN ESTE CELULAR LO VENDEN REFABRICADO Y EN MI CASO EL CELULAR LLEGO CON LA PANTALLA PARTIDA Y CON EL SENSOR USADO.. ME PARECE UNA TOTAL ESTAFA SOY DE VENEZUELA. QUE PUEDO HACER YO EN ESTE CASO SE PODRIA REGRESAR EL CELULAR? A QUIEN SE LE PUEDE RECLAMAR? HE COMPRADO VARIOS CELULARES Y ES EL PRIMERO QUE VIENE EN ESTE ESTADO.NO LOS RECOMIENDO COMO TIENDA POR QUE EL PRODUCTO NO ME LLEGO NUEVO COMO ELLOS LO VENDEN EN ESTA PUBLICACION.PIENSO QUE HE PERDIDO MI DINERO.POR FAVOR ESPERO UNA RAPIDA RESPUESTA GRACIAS.GOOD NIGHT. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AND IT SOLD remanufactured MY CASE THE PHONE CAME WITH THE GAME SCREEN AND SENSOR USED .. Sounds like a TOTAL SCAM I AM FROM VENEZUELA. WHAT CAN I DO IN THIS CASE MAY RETURN THE PHONE? WHO CAN CLAIM YOU? I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL PHONES AND IS THE FIRST TO COME IN THIS STATE.HOW NOT RECOMMEND THAT THE PRODUCT STORE FOR ME NOT ARRIVED THEY SELL AS NEW IN THIS RELEASE.I THINK I LOST MY MONEY.PLEASE EXPECT A QUICK RESPONSE THANKS.

I like the phone because it is unlocked, arrived on time and met all my expectations.I really like the phone.

Item was a used phone although it was advertised as new. The area around the charger port was torn and the lens for the camera and light were scratched. The only thing good about this order was the fact that it was received on time.

very good item.!. Im very happy.but do not have spanish languaje, I supposed it is my fault because I didn't ask before.

adquiri el producto y el mismo tiene la corneta interna da&ntilde;ada, ahora tengo que mandarlo a reparar. el producto deberia de venir sin defectos, Ahora la reparacion la tengo que costar con mi propio dinero.

BECAUSE I'M GLAD YOU TUBE REPAIR CELLULAR once I arrived because some keys were not working. thank god the spare was economic.

I am disappointed with this productAfter 7 days HP started to restart by himself, I thought it was a problem with the battery because the battery indication in red, but it looks like it's not,I have feeling that  blackberry that i bought is fakeI traveled out of  the USA and I was not able to make claim,my BlackBerry is on the shelf and gather dustI am deeply disappointedIvicabresan@yahoo.com

El producto recibido era una telefono de la operadora T-mobile, por lo tanto no tenia las bandas de 1900 abiertas para ser utilizadas con la red 3G. Fue un total fiasco.

el telefono fue como lo describen en la pagina excelente telefono y muy rapida la atencion llego en el tiempo

i hate the bold 2 i dont get any use the scream not showing i just wast my money cmpensate

I chose this blackberry that is comfortable and have good price.I like it so cheap and easy to use.recommend anyone to buy an equal, not regret

me encanta el equipo, es lo que esperaba, el vendedor excelente muy amable, siempre estuvo al pendiente del equipo, lo recomiendo

The phone is repowered (refubisher), NO WORK WITH ALL BANDS .. The trackpad is damaged .. not recommend buying this phone.. this phone I had to change the trackpad was corrupted .. is now damaged and useless handset ..a este telefono tuve que cambiar el trackpad porque estaba da&ntilde;ado.. en este momento tiene el auricular da&ntilde;ado y no sirve..

The did not work , I got it for a friend and she told it is no good!It she had let me know earlier I would return it and get back my money...

This is one of the most loved Blackberry devices, it's fast and performs very well its functions. I think everybody in my country loves this phone.

exelente equipo y exelente atension mejor imposible llego en buen estado y rapido gracias por toda la atension espero comprarles pronto.

the BB9700 is Xcellent, short battery life but otherwise full of rich features - Cell Lounge Inc (aka Unlocked Blackberry Store) Customer Service responds quickly but is ineffectual because CS does not set policy.after 5 weeks of e-mails to the seller and Amazon, and 2 "follow-up" shipments to replace missing items, I am still without a carrying case and CD kit for the BB9700 as listed on the box. The seller insists the items listed on the box do not come with the phone and have made "an exception" to replace the items I mentioned.Now why would the items not be included with the phone as the outer T-Mobile box lists everything that is standard with this item, the BB9700 Bold?#1) the phone advertised is onyx (black) but my T-Mobile box shows an all-chrome outer shell  #2) the battery included with the BB9700 was a generic battery, not an OEM Blackberry battery - has since been replaced with an OEM Blackberry battery  #3) the stereo headset was missing but has since been replaced but again, with a generic, imported item and not and OEM Blackberry item.I did agree to "settle" and forgo the carrying case and CD kit just to put this behind me.in my case, on more than one occasion for this order (see above), this seller replaced OEM products with inferior import items and omitted standard items altogether.I have purchased many, many, many phones from T-Mobile over the last 15 years and never, ever have they ever had import-items such as batteries, headsets, chargers in their boxes with any of their phones.  Nor have they omitted nor removed essential tips, guides, CD programming kits - the contents have always matched their listing on the outer box(es).this seller sends a tracking number to "confirm" shipments and mentions your order has been shipped but the shipments are not actually sent until 2-3 days later.unless you're willing to go through a lot of frustrating correspondence and waiting, I DO NOT recommend this seller.caveat emptor! buyer beware!CHECK buyer feedback BEFORE buying- being on Amazon's website is not an automatic indication of seller reliability nor dependability.

This phone is great, works excelent great pucharse, i am from Venezuela and this phone works for 2g (edge) and 3g Platforms

item was delivered on time as promised .It works well .no problems so far .Takes a while to process sometimes but other wise its a good buy . Only sad thing , it did not come with any accessories , ie.( handsfree headset or leather case )

It is not good at all, I think I was cheated, it is old, full of scratches, and with a 35% efficiency battery ...

Excellent.

I got a phone with no Manuel,different battery, a memory card  with someone else picture on it..................very unprofessional! im only keeping the phone until my new one comes in and also i didn't receive the until TWO WEEKS LATER!!!! TERRIBLE

la tranferencia muy rapido para que me llegara soy de venezuela y todo en buen estado muchas graciasEste dispositivo ofrece prima de tecnolog&iacute;a de punta que le ayudar&aacute;n a mantenerse en contacto con socios de negocios, familiares y amigos cuando est&aacute;s lejos de tu computadora - sin renunciar al estilo. El smartphone BlackBerry Bold 9700 tiene una gran pantalla de alta resoluci&oacute;n que muestra m&aacute;s de 65.000 colores creando una v&iacute;vida experiencia visual para todas sus fotos, videos, archivos y sitios web. El acceso lo que es importante con el panel t&aacute;ctil de navegaci&oacute;n en funci&oacute;n de c&oacute;mo las computadoras port&aacute;tiles est&aacute;n dise&ntilde;ados. Desliza el dedo sobre el trackpad para desplazarse por los men&uacute;s e iconos. Una ligera presi&oacute;n y haga clic le permite seleccionar una opci&oacute;n para navegar por donde quieres ir.

El telefono no sirve. Escrib&iacute; a Cellphone store y lo unico que responden es que le cambie la bater&iacute;a.! No puede ser que un telefono nuevo, venga con la bateria mala. La gente me llama y no se escucha. El auricular vino da&ntilde;ado tambien. El pin de carga no funciona correctamente. Este proveedor no sirve, Amazon deberia sacarlo. No compren a este proveedor. Hasta ahora no he recibido respuesta de su parte con respecto a mi reclamo. CellphoneStore Sucks.!

Excelente producto, lo recomiendo. tiene excelnte tecnologia y es muy facil de manejar. espero volver a comprar otro lo anntes posible

EL PRODUCTO LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO ESTIMADO Y CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES MOSTRADAS EN LA PAGINA, NO TUVE PROBLEMAS DE RECEPCION NI DE ENTREGA

Bought two phones online and unfortunately chose the one that was not working properly.  The phone kept hanging up in the middle of the programmes, that is, it either stopped or was very slow.  The worst part though was that the camera did not work.  I would not recommend this phone.

En Venezuela, solo levanta 3G para digitel, no trajo audifonos. Vino con pequenos danos en la carcaza (algunos raspones). Telefono aparentemente usado y reconstruido

Bought this phone for a birthday gift, it was really appreciatedI think that I'm gonna need one for myself

Todo excelente, hasta el momento ninguna queja, el tel&eacute;fono ha funcionado muy bien en Venezuela y llego en tiempo record .

no problems whits the deliver, but the battery was bad and i had to buy a new one. the cell is fine no more details.

The product is excellent but the only thing is that the letter (V) must be pressed very hard to work. This is the only detail that has sent me the product is otherwise excellent.

Item ordered to specification. On time delivery, brilliant!!! A new experience moving from the Curve 8520 to the Bold. I absolutely love the new features. More sturdy than the older series.

El cargador no era original un generico y ni siquiera le servia por lo demas bien, llego rapido y en buen estado

I bought this blackberry as a &#34;new item&#34; and it came refurbishedand stopped working no later than a month.

SINCE I GOT IT, WHEN THE BATTERY PHONE CAME TO HALF LIFE, THE PHONE SHUT IT DOWN INMEDIATELY WITH OUT ADVICE...I BOUGTH A NEW BATTERY AND STILL HAD THE SAME PROBLEMTWO WEEKS LATER DIDNT RECOGNIZE ANY MEMORY CARD.!!!!

Very good adquisiti&oacute;n. Everything worked perfectly and after so long in use keeps offering good performance. I am very satisfied with this purchase

I ordered BLACKCBERRY 9700 A SHOWING THEM AS NEW WITH ALL ACCESSORIES, BLACKBERRY IS BEING REBUILT AND NOT BRING ALL MANUALS OR ACCESSORIES. DO NOT BUY THESE GENTLEMEN.

Me parecio muy bueno, me llego en excelente condiciones, y con la linea que quisiera me funciona, lo recomiendo 10000% y de manera rapida y seria, muy bueno, gracias

My daughter strangely enough was looking for a Blackberry (instead of an Iphone or Android phone), due to her texting obsession.  That worked perfectly for me, I would be able to save some $$$.  I ordered a Blackberry 9700 from this vendor and I received the order as promised and my daughter is very happy.

excellent service, the cellphone was a brand new without any issue, the price was the best in market, keep doing well.Best Regards

I equip Completely New and he/she lifts 3g in Venezuela for Movistar and Movilnet and Edge for Digitel I recommend it thoroughly.

I bought this phone from this carrier as a new phone. when I received it I did not receive all the items that were supposed to be included (car charger) received faulty headphones and wall charger ( both had shorts) contacted the carrier who told me that the reason I did not receive it was because I had a wrong address which was a lie. told me that they sent the replacements and gave me the track code 9402109699937664510956 which never came to this day as they never sent it like they said they would. and then now four months later this so called 'new phone' from shipmount has stopped working and I was told that the circuit board on the phone is faulty. and that it is best to purchase a new phone.I would not recommend any body to purchase any item from this dealer they are fraudulent in their dealings and the services rendered is poor. they are a fraud and should be stricken from being online dealers. do not purchase any item from this dealership!! online shoppers be warned!!!!![ASIN:B001F7VN6M BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS Navigation, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Black)]]

I think Amazon should take this letter in case people are scammers first, if Amazon does not seem to me that are accomplices then, buy a bold 9700 phone to reach Venezuela just switch it on and the phone does not work the screen goes blank all, I'm very upset seems that mocked me as a customer lost my money and here Amazon does nothing or draws attention to the store ... by the way do not buy a new phone repowered it really disrespectful

GRAN VARIEDAD DE EQUIPOS CON ESPECIFICACIONES Y COLORES A PRCIOS ECONOMICOS Y ERA EL EQUIPO QUE ESTABA NECESITANDO RAPIDO DE ENCONTAR

hello, good afternoon. I need solutions now, as soon as possible! The 9700 blackeberry you That I bought came with the damaged screen. Today I take the cell phone to a store of technical sevice and the phone also came with a battery which is not original. the battery is bigger and does not fits in the phone correctly. Please solve this problem! The parts of cell phones are expensive here in Venezuela. I found a store where they sell the phone screen it cheaper than I can find. the screen of the phone plus the cost of the installation is at 600 bolivars. The 600 bolivares is changing at a price of .139.54. $. You can see what I mean by this link[...](This is the store sales of cheaper products in Venezuela). The phone battery costs $ 20.!!

fue muy bueno el envio del producto, todo llego en buenas condiciones y rapido , es bn comprar por esta tienda

bueno el telefono llego en buen estados, lo unico que dicen que son telefonos nuevos, cuando en realidad son re-construidos! el telefono tiene un ''pin''y la caja otra!! no lo compren y ya!!!

excelente vendedor, lo recomiendo, el producto llego tal cual el vendedor lo describe. espero comprar nuevamente con ustedes, gracias por todo

good  honest, fair, met with all that at the time promised, thank you. I hope to do more business with you

El equipo comprado el dia 29 de octubre de 2011, se recibio con muchosdefectos que parece hasta ser un telefeno generico y no original. alponerlo a cargar pega corriente y la pantalla no deja de titilar la luz yde prender y apagar. con cualquier cargador que se le conecta pasa lomismo, la tapa de la bateria no encaja bien con el equipo y presentacierto detalles en el orificio y no sale la marca del telefono como tal,si es tmobil. o att&t; como suele pasar. por favor se le agradece ayudarme con esta compra ya que el telefono de verdad presenta demasiadas fallas. digamen todo el proceso. Caracas - Venezuela 28 de Noviembre de 2011>>

Met my every expectations and then some. I purchased another one. This restored my held view on Amazon  merchandising. you can keep on expecting my business.Thanks

I bought a Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GP, I was so happy to get it, but I can use it in my country venezuela because it is lucked. How can I do?can I send to you back to UNLOCKED?Thanks for your help and support

Excellent product ... although long in coming ... I think a great phone, the only thing I doubt is the case I think they came ... it is not the original also had no Blackberry logo type

ya el telefono esta danado pin de carga malo ,lo mande a revisar y resulta que la tarjeta era totalmente vieja..ya habia sido reparada muy decepcionado con la compra

I had no problem with the whole package arrived in perfect condition and the phone works well.The only thing is that the bill did not come with the package and I had to send it via email

The phone report use air time, poor quality camera, the outside box refers 2mp not 3.2mp. When I contact the seller the anwser was not frendly and never respond about the voice time reported in a system. Is it a brand new device?.Blackberry 9700 Bold Unlocked Quad-Band 3G Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth--International Version with Warranty (Black)

El producto tenia una bateria sin el logo de Blackberry, decia &#34;made in china&#34;. Ya se ha comprado tres baterias adicionales.

good morning, I sent the phone has several problems, the screen has black stripes, when the battery reaches 50% off, the keyboard does not work right, let me know Translationhow I can replace another cell, I am currently in Venezuela pro could give a delivery address in tenneseeThank YouDorotea Camporeale

Product was. In a very good condition  I ordered a used blackberry and it looks like brand new phone. Am so impressed and determine to buy more products

I did not get a memory card with this phone and I am very disappointed .After spending all that money for this phone why did I Have to purchase a seperate memory card? this was supposed to be a brand new phone as stated. Don't brand new phones come with memory card any more? was I fooled? WELL IN THAT CASE I NEED MY MEMORY CARD.

the phone is awesome and came to me within 2 days. Thanks and I will be back definitely and certainly will recommend to my family and friends.Buhite.

I was looking for a B-Berry that was intenational and unlocked.  I found it throug Amazon.com which was excellent because I needed it quickly.  I recieved the B-berry and have had no issues with it.  I am happy with the product.

It 's an excellent phone! Fast, the camera it's great, takes very nice pictures. The battery went dead after three months but I guess it's a BB's problem and not from the seller. The shipping arrived earlier than what I expected.

I know see why this company will become extinct. On the one hand it did work for me while I was visiting the Dominican Republic. I bought a prepaid service SIM Card and had no problems with the voice part of it. The navigation and difficulty of trying to do basic things like converting currency costs or using the internet is horrible. It will not accept HTML or Adobe Flash add ons rendering it virtually useless. The little tracking ball and keys are so comlicated to use. I hate this phone!

Listen, I used to be Blackberry's number one fan.Not any more.Not after spending 1 hour and 37 minutes on hold for tech support and getting someone who cannot speak my language, with a terrible connection, for $45 per incident, who knows less about their equipment and product than I do.My Blackberry Bold 9930 was the flagship when I bought it for almost $600 (I'm embarrassed to admit).As a company, Blackberry is finished.  They have abandoned their loyal base--those who loved the famed Blackberry keyboard.  Now those users are second fiddle. They want to compete with the iPhone and the touch screen folks.Well, sorry Blackberry, no matter how good your equipment is, your support is terrible.  And after the last fiasco when all the major cell services dropped your equipment from their product lines, who wants you?No one.Now I have to deal with you directly and you don't support your equipment.So, what do I do here?  Throw my $600 Blackberry Bold in the trash?Yep.That's about all that's left to do.A shame.Whomever is running this company must be an idiot.You want to turn things around?  Beef up your customer support.  Have you ever read the book, &#34;Raving Fans&#34;?  Someone in your organization had better read it.As an organization, Blackberry is washed up.  At this point it doesn't matter what product they're offering or how technologically superior it might be out of the box.Who is going to provide service for it?  Who is going to support it?I used to be a #1 fan, but my advice today after my 1 hour and 37 minutes is RUN AWAY.  Don't buy Blackberry.  Just don't do it.Consider yourself warned.

Es un tel&eacute;fono f&aacute;cil de manejar y trae un men&uacute; f&aacute;cil de desplazar a la hora de utilizarlo creo que hice una buena eleccion al comprar este equipo..
