
Another lame product from Motorola. It looks ugly and does not look like a phone. It is more like a box. There are some issues that you MUST consider before you buy it. First, the charger that comes with it is for England not for US so make sure to contact customer service BEFORE you order it so they send you the American version. Second, Skype does not work with it, i.e you can hear the other side but they cannot hear you. Another lame issue is that whenever you touch the phone(accidentally) it starts either dialing or doing something weird. It does not have lock like iphone to unlock it. Also, you have to save your Wi-Fi connection if your SSID is hidden otherwise the connection will be dropped after some seconds. Motorola could make a better phone.

I bought this phone as an unlocked phone from THE OEM PLANET (seller Young Kimbrough).Phone arrived in time, but it was not unlocked. It came in an AT&T; Box, without the aditional battery cover.I sent various emails to THE OEM PLANET to let them know my issue, but didnt get any usefull assistance.So yesterday I contacted AT&T; via email and they sent me the unlocking code in LESS THAN 12 HOURS.I do not recommend buying anything from this seller.If anybody had this problem, i hope this helps.

DON'T buy this product! I had it for less than a year and and it pooped out on me. After the first couple months I took the SD card out to use it for something else and then put it back in the phone, and the phone ran slow ever since. Near the end of it's demise, I wasn't receiving text messages until after the person called me. You can only have 3 apps (for me it was Facbook, Twitter, and Angry Birds) before the memory is overloaded and none of the memory moves over to the SD card (trust me, I tried). So in conclusion, if you want to buy a smart phone, DO NOT buy this one.

I knew this was a bit of an older phone when I ordered it, and I had also found that others had complained of its short battery length and that it had a bad camera, but because of its unique and compact design I decided to order it anyways...This is what i found:Pros-It has a cool design unlike any other phone I've seen. Its small, compact, and the keyboard works well.(Thats about it for the pros)Cons-Battery as they said is horrible (lasts 4-5 hrs with minimal use)-Touch screen seemed like it work well at first however within a day it began to become delayed (few seconds before response)-Some applications would "open" to a black screen and just stay that way-As for the camera there's not much to say other then its a 3.1 megapixel camera. It takes mediocre picture at best and when testing out an application that is used by scanning barcodes the camera wouldn't even work for itIn the end Im in the process of returning it. Its a cool phone design but the phones delay time along with its poor battery is too much of an annoyance so I would suggest you save your time and money and don't bother with it.P.S. As for some people saying they did not receive an unlocked phone I do not doubt their claims but mine did work with my t-mobile sim card.

this is an amazing phone. i'm very happy with it. i thought the battery life would have been an issue but it wasn't. it lasts the whole day for me. the shipping was prompt and it arrived earlier than the estimated date.

Let me just say this is my first touchscreen phone and i am not disapointed. I wanted a small phone with ok graphics, wifi, apps avalible and a qwerty keyboard. And i got it! The grapics are better than i expected, and the wifi is awesome. I have AT&T smartlimits on my phone, so i can not use the internet when the wifi is off. I recomend when not using internet to turn off the wifi to save battery power, because it is true that it drains power fast. Texting is easy and surprisingly roomy. It does freeze every once and a while; just turn it off and back on. But of course, i use so many apps at once that im sure if you are a one app at a time sort of person, you will have no problem. To change the apperance of the overall graphics, get GoLauncher. Pandora, gmail, facebook and tumblr are great apps to use. This little phone is cute and has many covers to choose from. The android market is loaded with awesome apps. I recomend this phone!

Drop calls,if u have your face near the sreen it hang up on people ,Cuts offf all the time. But it a cute phone not many people have it so that's good. But sadly that's all

This moto product looks nice, it has very good functions, but this is not enought because the battery sucks. so I think it is not just the battery it is all the system the battery works just two hours, I bought othet battery and I have the same problem. this sucks because I t is imposible to be connected to the power source every 2 hoursDONT BUT IT YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY

this is a great mobile, i bought this phone to be used in a GSM band and its work great, with android OS its perfect no down side to it at the moment. The battery last long then expected and looks great.

the phone is fine but it does not support the arabic letters so I can't read any arabic text in my phone and this is a big issue for me because arabic is my native language . I'm trying to find soultion but still no hope . if you are speaking a language other than english you should check the availability of your language in that phone . The phone comes with Orange compeny logo in the back cover .

Do not buy this phone.  The battery lasts around 5 hours, less if you're constantly using it.  The MotoBlur system crashes almost every day, and most Android Apps run wonky because the phone either can't handle them or is too small to properly display them.  The phone will also crash if you have many contacts, leaving you unable to make calls.  The email thing doesn't work either, so I end up opening the Opera browser and accessing gmail over there.  Terrible terrible terrible.

Well, this item came in 2 days after i ordered it. call that fast shipping (:. the problem is when i opened it up, the resoluttion on the screen waas pretty bad. it looked weird for some strange reason. but other than that oi love it. :)

The service received from the vendor was excellent, the merchandise arrived quickly and was completely as described.  However a problem developed when I took the phone to my cell company to have it activated.  Despite several people working alone and together, the Flipout phone was unable to snyc up with the data portion of my cell service.  It necessitated my returning the merchandise; the company gave me instructions on how to return it and within 48 hours I received my refund.

I got my phone at around 1p, read the directions, made sure it was fully charged.  It is now almost 5p and I'm having to charge it for the second time!  If you don't have a Google account, you can't use the calendar feature which is complete crap!  The predictive text only works with the Android touchscreen keyboard, and trying to figure out how to change the ringtone is a nightmare!  The User Guide was in Spanish, so I had to go online to find it.  I'm gonna give this phone a couple days to see if the battery died so quickly because it was the first day.  If the battery life of this phone doesn't get any better, then I'm returning it asap!  This is the first phone by Motorola that I've been disappointed in, and Motorola is my phone of choice!  Ugh...

Ordered but they didn't have any in stock. I hope next time it doesn't say they have it in stock but then you receive a message saying they don't have it:(

I ended up returning the phone since the quality was not anything close to what I am use to with the iPhone. The company was amazing to work with though!! The order got here in a day and there were some complications with returning it but they worked with me and they were very courteous and quick to help me out

i buy this stuff for my daughter. when got the mail yesterday, i was a little astonished, because before desided to purchase it, i found a youtube vedio. it showed very abundant asscessories. when opened my box, one phone, one batt, one adaptor, one cable, one manual. particularly the manual was not for this cell phone. now you can understand why i was astonished. by the way there had no microSD in the box. so i returned to my original order on amazon and found this stuff was sold by amazon approved PDAgiant LLC. i checked the phone carefully, it is new, not a refur one. a little difference from the picture on this website,there has a logo of att. finally i understand it's an unlocked att phone. when started the phone, there have many att applications. it works very well with my tmobile sim card. untill now it begin to make me satisify. some guys said connot connect motoblur, while cannot connect to wifi network. the truth is i can. even before connecting motoblur, i can connect to my wifi at home. i am still try it now!

FIRST I BOUGHT THIS PHONE 2 YEARS AGO IN EUROPE BECAUSE IT'S TINNY AND CUTE AND IN EUROPE I DIDN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT, BUT HERE APPARENTLY I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE SIGNAL :(.

Make no mistake, this is a SMALL cell phone with a small touch screen.  However, for its size and the price of $99, it is very nice.I bought this unlocked GSM phone to use with a Jamaican SIM card.  I inserted the SIM card, powered it up and the phone started the MOTOBLUR registration procedure.  It is NOT necessary to register with MOTOBLUR to use this phone to browse the web or send email on a wireless network.  When the MOTOBLUR registration process starts, select "Skip for now".  Go into the Settings menu and turn on Wi-Fi, browse for your network and enter any security settings.  I know it works, I have done it.  I have also checked with my SIM card provider and I have NOT used any data.  Another way to confirm that no data has been used is to go into Settings, then Data Manager and you can see the amount of data that has been sent over the cellular network.  Because I was using my wireless network mine still says "0".Using my wireless network, I was able to set up my Google account and register the phone, download my contacts and download applications.Yes, the touch screen is small and crowded, but it has enough space to be useful.  Remember that the "home" screen can scrolled to the left and to the right to view icons for additional applications.The "flip out" keyboard is OK, but I find the virtual keyboard on the touch screen to be about as easy to use as the virtual keyboard on my iPhone 4S when the phone is in the vertical orientation.  (Yes, I did compare it to an iPhone.)  They are both cramped, but with some practice they are useable.The phone I received is running Android version 2.1.  Not the latest, but still useable.  I only paid $99 for it and for unlocked GSM cell phone running Android 2.1 of any physical size it is a bargain.  Just understand that you are buying a small phone.  I have only had the phone for two hours and we are already very good friends.

The mobile is great!! I've been learning how to use all its apps and guess it'll take me several weeks as it has so many incredible options and features. I strongly recomend this product.

This just arrived today. A few things on unboxing - mine came with only the black cover, not the red, and was not unlocked. It was in an AT&T; product box. I called AT&T; customer service and gave them the IMEI code on the back of the phone, and got the unlock code for free. It worked with my Tmobile sim card after that. (I'm in Texas, USA and have Tmobile no contract SIM card.) There is a lot of AT&T; specific apps on the phone that need to be removed.The instructions included were not for the flip out phone, they were for a generic AT&T; motorola phone.I had to sign up for a motoblur account, which I didn't like and don't know what it is. But after signing up, it was no problem to use the phone. I'll find out what it is and update. I suspect it's a sad attempt by Motorola to make a new friend of a customer that just wants a phone.It came with a charger and mini-usb to USB cord. It did not come with headphones. The phone did not look used, but the battery did look used -- had some scratches on the back of the battery.====(later in day)I have decided to return this product to the seller, and tell amazon that the seller technical details are not correct (I sent the seller an image of the page). I really did not want a phone that was so geared towards AT&T; -- i.e. all of the AT&T; features are not usable for me. It does make calls and the touch screen is responsive and keypad works etc. But the fact that it was AT&T; locked and set-up is really not mentioned in the details. I would rather buy from Best Buy -- they have an unlocked motorola flip out and the price is very similar ($119) and would come with 1 year warranty.====(a few extra comments)amazon was amazingly fast on the return. I information for a return in the evening, and the following day they had sent a UPS driver to pick it up. I not home -- I didn't expect it would be so fast. The driver came back the following day and the phone is returned now.The company did respond to my inquiry, I had asked about getting the red back cover before I had decided to return it. I have let them know I am returned it due to the AT&T; features I can't use.A few phone features -- there is an onscreen qwerty keypad as well, that is very responsive and easy to use. There was an expiration date on a video message I was sent -- I didn't like that, I think it may have to do with motoblur account and how MMS messages are stored/sent. Just wanted to note that "feature" -- it would be a deal breaker for me if I hadn't already sent it back, I don't want videos and pictures expiring at any time!

I have had my Motorola Flipout for a couple months now so I feel good about what I think is good, and I think is bad about it.THE GOOD:To start off, this thing is SMALL. This is the smallest smartphone I have ever bought, and this is a great advantage for the device. Unlike other phones where the keyboard is always visible, it is actually hidden under the screen and easily "flips" out to make the phone full sized. Because of the hideaway keyboard, the phone easily fits into any of my Jeans and pants' pockets, and I have even sat on this thing several times and it just shifts slightly over to the side or whatever. Very cool.Even though this is a small phone, do not be fooled, this is still android we are talking about here, and you get all the advantages that it brings with it, such as apps, music, a great interface, and seamless wifi & 3g internet browsing.THE AVERAGE:Call quality is ok, nothing spectacular, but it gets the job done. Sometimes you get a bit of muffled sound.Battery life is just ok as well. You can get an entire days use, but after that, it's charge or die. I recommend putting the screen brightness on the lowest all the time as well. Contrary to some reviews, the screen resolution is not a problem. Yes, it isn't HD, but it doesn't need to be. You can see what you want to see, and youtube videos look nice when you need them. Playing games is also possible, but a bit more challenging, considering how small the screen is. On the other hand, it is a cool novelty to see angry birds and temple run play out on this small thing, although I wouldn't recommend it to anybody looking to seriously game for hours on end with precision. The phones processing power isn't very good, but you can't tell all that often. Only a couple times has the phone stuttered on me, and that was when I had a lot of stuff going on in the background. One last thing that I forgot to mention is that this thing has an FM radio in it! This is very handy for me as I do not have a data plan, so I can listen to the radio whenever regardless.THE UGLY:Motoblur is a piece of crap. It's not that I am some nut who is paranoid about giving them my facebook info (which you totally do not have to do), but I associate the Motoblur OS with glitchiness. When I played around with a friend's Droid 2, it would constantly act like the thing had a mind of it's own by turning on music, starting the internet browser, and generally doing things without telling you. With the Flipout, this problem is generally gone, except that sometimes when you "flip" the phone out, it actually completely shuts off. It is rare, but it does it enough to be a really, really annoying problem, expecially when you flip your phone out to take a call. One last issue I have is that since this is a ridiculously old version of android, you cant put apps on an microSD card, meaning you are left with only about 100 MB of onboard space to put and run apps off of. Any SD card you put into this card would mainly be for music, photos, and videos.SUMMATION:Overall, this is a phone designed for portability. Personally, I use it all the time when I am on my University's campus to check the internet, my email, social network sites, and more. When I run, I plug my earbuds in and tuck it in my pack. I have a 16 gig sd card, so I never run out of stuff to listen to. This is also a phone that the AT&T; network doesn't recognize as a smartphone, so you can turn data for your line off if you want to, and use solely WiFi for your internet needs, since WiFi is pretty much everywhere.Yes, this phone has flaws. The only ones I would really concern myself with though is the whole shutting off thing, and the 100 mb limit thing, but the shutting off issue only happens enough to be occasionally annoying, and the limit doesn't hurt all that much, as I have all the important apps I want. Despite these flaws, the phone is just fantastic.NOTE: a comment that has since been left by another user says that AT&T; recognizes these as smart phones.

The Motorola Flipout Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Android Phone purchased through Amazon appears to be the correct item. It arrived in a timely manner, and in good condition. However, it is not unlocked as promised. It will only work with an ATT SIM card, which makes it useless for my son in his travels. We need the unlock code, or we will have to return the item.Motorola Flipout Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Android Phone with Bluetooth, Camera, QWERTY Keyboard and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - BlackThe seller provided an unlock code, and my son reports that the Brazilian SIM cards now work in the phone.

This phone is junk.  I dropped this phone from roughly a foot up, on a pillow of all things, and the screen went.

The shape is good, but the battery life is so bad, somethimes the screen cant block... For the price I think is aceptable

The "Flipout" is the worst phone Motorola makes. I know 3 people who also have this phone who all experience the same problems. Screen always freezes up-requires you to remove and re-insert the battery. On the receiving end,text masssages sometimes arrive hours after they were sent. Often the screen will say, missed calls, while the phone NEVER RANG. Can't wait to get a new phone this one is horrible!!!!

El problema de la bater&iacute;a se soluciona cambiando de operador,algunas simcard de algunos operadores hacen que el equipo se reinicie cada 5 minutos, cambi&eacute; mi simcard y problema solucionado. Sin usar demasiado tiempo el equipo la bater&iacute;a puede durar hasta 3 d&iacute;as, us&aacute;ndolo mucho hasta 1 d&iacute;a. Es muy bonito, pr&aacute;ctico, no es com&uacute;n... Es perfecto si se usan dos celulares o m&aacute;s!

The phone is for my son and he really likes it.  It has many cool features his other phone did not have.  Good service and delivery time.

Ive had this phone about a day now & everyone who sees it already comments on how unique & cute it is. Its very comfortable! Not too small at all! & rich with features! Im still trying to figure out all the things ot can do.

This mobile phone looks as good as it is shown in the pictures. Every thing is working fine as it would do on bigger phone. Left out the one star only because it is difficult to flip out everytime you need to pick up a call and to place a call. Tested almost 10-15 apps like push to talk, facebook, google+, etc., Value for money.

This Motorola Blur MB511, is a very nice alternative for a new Android phone adopter. Low price compared with the big screen models, real keyboard!!! excelent for email on the go, text sms, chat, and voip!!! all the applications you need from de Android market.The first thing you must install is an AppKiller, because every app you open, remains in memory, you must liberate it killing unused apps.The screen resolution is not the best, but enougth for text, maps, email. It have A-gps, multitouch screen, very small square shape when is closed.Ideal for techie ladies, because it fits in any purse, and brings great comunication tools. Or also an economic alternative for young texters and chatters.

IGOT ALOT OF COMPLIMENTS ON THIS PHONE AND EASY TO USE.  SMALL AND COMPACT FOR CARRYING AND HAS CUTE COVERS.

Phone is cool looking, sure, but it freezes, shuts its self off, doesn't have a very good battery life, and is very slow to operate.  Most apps on the android market aren't compatible with its screen. I regretted the last Moto device I purchased but wanted to give this little guy a chance...bad idea.  I would not recommend this phone to any one for anything.

this phone is great I love it is easy to use a little hard to open when it ring but glad I bought it

I really love this phone. At first i was a little bit confused but this is my very first android phone. i have now gotten used to it and love it a lot. Dont have any major problems with the phone. It works very fast. Its a small phone, easy to fit in pocket. A SIM card can be put in this phone. The camera is kind of horrible, you have to be very still otherwise the pictures will be blurry. Other than that i love this phone!

This little phone I call it because of its size is as good as any overpriced smart phone.  It can do everything  that any smart phone does.  It even connects to my wifi.  Thank you Motorola.  I saved a bundle.

good but old and can not handle 14% of modern android apps.  Works fine and a good deal flor what you get.

I had a Motorola Charm (basically this phone, but doesn't flip out) that died and needed a new phone. I found this one and was a combination of my two favorite phones; the Charm and Sidekick! Unfortunately, I couldn't get this phone to cooperate with my network (T-Mobile) by any means and had to return it. Battery life wasn't superb, but I did have a lot of apps and do a lot of texting and social networking.

This phone gives you all the options as a big phone. It is a smart phone in every way. I would buy it again.

Sorry, doing the review by ear. I bought this phone for my brother, he says that it is a very good phone but, the apps don't run as smoothly as other android phones but, for what I can see, he enjoys the phone very much, expect for the fact that some girls call it cute lol.

Just got it in the mail today. Works with my t-mobile sim card. Everything is perfect but gets 4 stars because I only got one back cover in black when description says comes with 2.. 1 in black and 1 in red. Overall, great phone definitely recommend! (:

if you just want a basic android phone that looks differently then this is the phone.  I liked it but decided to upgrade.  The only thing I did not like is not being able to assigne specific ring tones to specific callers.  Maybe you can figure that out.  but the phone got lots of attention because it is so small and people thought it was cute.  I like cute things that are different.

I bought this to replace one just like it that I had dropped one too many times and some things stopped working.  Everyone who sees this is amazed and impressed.  I wear my fingernails really long and therefore have difficulty using most phone buttons and it's almost impossible to use a touch screen (and NO - I am not cutting my nails).  This phone works really well for me.  It's easy to use.  One thing to note is that all of the instructions are in Spanish; but it has built in help desk.  I'm an AT&T cellular client.  Swapping the SIM card is all you have to do to use this on their network.  If you have a phone with a SIM, this is a good replacement that doesn't require you renewing your contract.  Also, you can use a non-smart phone data package (cost savings).

Grate phone, It's different from other phones and good looking, keys are grate it's like PC keyboard and easy to use

This phone was purchased for my girlfriend as she wanted a android phone that was small with a physical keyboard, but we also wanted an unlocked phone so we didn't have to sign a new contract. This phone though not the latest or fastest or slickest phone on the market does all that she wants with very little issues. However, because it's a phone meant for ATT if you have T-mobile you will have to manual enter network settings, took me about 10 minutes. She's been using the phone for a while now and hasn't had any complaints.

It is a nice cell phone. Its size is perfect and is very light. I arrive at the stipulated time. good buy.

I got this as a gift to my sister. The best thing is that is small, flips, has a hardware keyboard and it is Android. However, after a couple of years of use it's shows age. It was good while it lasted.

As a phone I'd give it only 3.5 - 4 stars.  As a fashion accessory its a full 5 stars!  This little phone us unique and stands out as different from all the traditional brick style smartphones.  Looks and Cute factor are off the charts, and my daughter loves this phone because its different.  Id have to agree with her (as a fashion guru goes ~ she's 14 and a trend setter in fashion - not so much haute couture, but maybe more like a "Cindy Lauper" to her classmates ~ and she does start fashion trends amongst her friends....Update:While there are no complaints about the phone, this update is a complaint about the seller....  This phone was listed as UNLOCKED, but when my daughter went to use the phone, she kept getting a request for a SIM UNLOCK CODE.  Turns out the phone was LOCKED to a particular carrier (AT&T;).  Had to pay an additional $10 for an unlock code.  Truly a disappointment on the seller.

With My AT&T sim worked for about 1 day the then the batterie went crazy doesn't charge anymore do not buy looks like a good product but I learned my lesson buy something good in the first place no matter the price good day people

THE MOTOROLA FLIPOUT UNLOCKED GSM PHONE CAME QUICK AND IT WORKS EXCELLENT.I WOULD RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A SMALL PHONE.

good phone but dosent include SD, eartphone and is from iusacell! i think was factory unlocked, rest its ok is a good phone

This is an awesome phone. Looks great, works good and fast. I would recommend this phone. However, it has several apps and features that will only work on At&t. Mine worked fine on T-mobile as well...

This phone is really neat and a great eye catcher the problem is the screen resolution. I honestly thought that it wouldn't bother me when I read it on other reviews, but it did. It's as if they took the resolution and graphics of a 2005 flip phone and put android on it. The keyboard feels cheap and, for me, is difficult to type on but I'm used to keyboard such as the ones on the LG Doubleplay and Palm Pre. I like to use it occasionally because it's really cute but it's not something I could use full time. The battery doesn't last very long as stated in other reviews. For example it was fully charged at 12 when I went to bed and by 6 am with no use, it was dead.

The phone was a very cute phone but too small for me.  It does have some great features along with a very loud speaker.  Unfortunitely it could not do what I needed it to do.

It's a good phone. Product description didn't mention, that it had an AT&T software on it (vs. original Motorola) - infact when I purchased earlier the same phone came with the original software. Major difference is taht the AT&T software lists only a limited number of selectable countries. It's a good, small phone (hard to find these days), only the Exchange Activesync does not work perfectly - I was unable to sync contacts, but e-mail and calendar sync well.

Those of course, are my wife's words. :D  She absolutely loves this phone.  She has had it now for two years, and loves that people think she is pulling out a makeup compact to send text messages.  She doesn't use the phone for much more than texts and call, but the call quality is good and she has always like the qwerty keyboard.  I can't say much with regards the internet accessibility, but if you are look for something that turns heads, this will do the trick.

This is the best phone I've ever had. It's very compact, lightweight, and it functions perfectly. I'm extremely satisfied with this phone. The unique design is just another plus. Would HIGHLY recommend!

The phone is not what I expected... When i first received it it wouldn't hold a charge or charge at all, so i had to send in for a new one.. got the new one and it worked. But it randomly opens things i didn't know were there. It went on the internet extra time and i got a HUGE bill. Also it over heated randomly last night so now it doesn't work and my fingers are burnt... It's been past 30 days.. but now i have no phone. So either i want my money back or a new phone.. not a flip out.

I bought the phone from "The OEM Shop". The phone that I received was Motorola Flipout (MB511) branded by Orange (European service provider) WCDMA 900/2100 ("3G" bands) GSM 850/900/1800/1900 ("voice service" bands) HSDPA.AT&T; uses WCDMA 850/1900, and T-Mobile uses WCDMA 1700, so neither of these can be detected by the phone that I got. Hence, the phone works just fine with voice service (although I couldn't really get EDGE to work, but I didn't care much about that anyway), but it did NOT get 3G service.Different sellers may ship different phones, so don't be completely discouraged, but I would avoid "The OEM Shop". It seems like others have had great experience with their purchases.Unlike some phones, you cannot access the service menu on this phone by typing *#*#197328640#*#*, which in some cases allows you to activate additional bands.I found one possible solution, which involves flashing the phone and may or may not work. Just in case someone is tinkering around with this problem, here is the forum thread with some info.[...]The charger that came with the phone was for US and the phone in general worked just fine.

It took me 3 tries to get this phone, but it was worth the wait. The first one I received was the UK version of the phone. Make sure to note whether you're looking at the "orange" (UK) or the "black" (US) version of the phone.I love the cute form factor & the swivel function. Makes my phone stand out amongst all the same old "candy bar" type smart phones. It's not the latest version of the Android operating system, but still supports all the apps I'm interested in.The keyboard is what sold it for me. I'm a very fast touch typer and just do not like being stuck with an onscreen keyboard. (Although it's also available on this phone, I prefer to use the actual keys.) It even has a dedicated number row which is very handy and makes typing that much more like an actual keyboard.I haven't had any battery life issues with this phone except when using the GPS directions. I definitely recommend having the car charger plugged in while you're using it for directions. The google maps app is very nice for directions, even speaking out the turn by turn directions, so you don't have to be fiddling with it while you're driving.Overall, very happy with my purchase!

Received the phone yesterday, and it seems as if these phones were not produced to be sold on the US market...at least not from this seller. NOT one piece of paperwork came in English, the phone itself was not set on English when turned on, no user manual included, and I never received my memory card (which the box clearly states should be included with my phone). So far not good!! I had to get a Spanish speaking person the change my language setting for me, just so that I wouldn't have to go through the trouble of returning it, waiting for my refund, than having to purchase from a different seller(a real big pain in the ass). The phone was purchased unlocked so I could use it in another country, so I won't know of any other issues until I get to that country and insert a sim card from there. So to be honest I don't know what to expect because so far my experience with this seller could have been a whole lot better. I did get in contact with the seller by email, since they don't have a contact number (quite fishy) and they sent me a link to an English user manual on-line, and I was told that they would send me a memory card. I'm waiting to see how long it will take to receive that...hopefully before I have to leave the country. What I do like though, is that the phone comes with 3 back covers in different colors, and 2 outlet adapters for international travel. If all goes well when I connect a service plan, I look forward to using this phone. It looks like it could be fun to use and the size is perfect for me. I will be updating this review!!

With a name like breed I should of known I would get screwed. First the phone came without a battery, breed said they would ship one but I didn't want to wait so I spent 40 dollars getting a battery. I put my SIM card card in the phone turned it on and it asked for an unlock code, I called my provider and they told me the phone is locked so I called breed again and they told me they would send an unlock code via email in a couple days. This phone was also not brand new it is locked by a previous provider. Breed customer service was horrible, no apology or even a sorry for this inconvenience, they acted like I was wasting their precious time. Also the imei on the box didn't match the one on the phone. So instead of getting a new unlocked phone I got a used or refurbished locked phone.

I love this phone, but I wish it had said it was from England. I had a lot of trouble getting the settings right for the US, and the charger has a British plug. Luckily I had a motorola charger that fits, but it would have been nice to know ahead of time.

The phone stopped working very quickly. Continuous shut off and on issues. Was in the middle of moving so didn't bother returning it, plus it was money from my gift card. Still bums me out that I could have put better use to it

I purchased mine from eBay and it was unlocked. I do not have at&t and am able to use mine just fine with Walmart mobile. I absolutely love the fact that it's both touch screen and qwerty keyboard. I had been in the market for a new phone for some time and now that I've purchased this one I am done with my search. The only negative I have about it is the battery but that's to be expected with any android phone because of the apps.

After doing alot of research on this phone, as well as considering consumer reviews, I took a gamble and purchased the Motorola Flipout. And it was a gamble that has thus far paid off. I have only had the phone for about a week, however, it is NOT my first android phone, nor my first motoblur. Alot of what I was coming across in the reviews is complaints about the battery dying, or the phone itself going slow. In my experience, not paying attention to the amount of applications, for example, can and will cause those problems. My sd card was previously used on another android phone, and it took some playing around with, altering, and deleting of old things I no longer used, or required. The phone works great! I love it because of its size, the screen size doesn't make the pictures grainy or blurry, I can see everything crystal clear. The volume controls work great, I am a lover of music, so I downloaded an app for my music to enhance it, as I do on all my phones, and the speakers work great. I usually end up draining my battery pretty quick because I am constantly on it, playing with it. I'm addicted to this little phone. I am pleased that it came with 3 different color change plates, may not strike on most people's radars, however I enjoy the small things lol. I don't like to carry a purse, or a bag around with me all day, so everything of mine goes into my pockets, and the big selling point for my purchasing this phone was its size. It fits perfectly into my pockets. The ONLY thing I do not like about this phone, and perhaps its something I overlooked upon purchasing, is that it seems to have been made for users in South America. I am a citizen of the United States, and for the most part, everything was easily switched to English, I just can't do anything with the NewsFeed app because it will only pick up things around South America. If it were set up for, say, Europe, wouldn't be a big deal because I can read english, and I wouldn't mind reading about what was going on in other areas around the world. I just can't read, or speak Spanish! LOL. In any case, this phone is great, I love it. It may not be what some were hoping for, however, I feel its perfect for me.

I have been wanting this phone for quite some time. Finally, with this year's tax return, I bought it. After taking 2 weeks to get here, I was very exited to start playing with my new phone. However, the excitement soon ended. Upon opening the phone, I promptly plugged it in. Once the phone said it was fully charged, I unplugged it. Within 20 minutes the phone cut off. When I plugged it back in, it said 100% battery again. I have been in possession of this phone for about four hours, and it has cut itself off at least five times. If you're willing to leave your phone constantly plugged in, then by no means let me deter you from purchasing the Motorola Flipout. However, if you would like to actually be able to get up and walk around with your phone, I would highly recommend picking something else!

As an Android developer, I picked this up to test apps on Android 2.1 at the smallest supported screen size, 2.5".  So far it performs exactly as expected.It's worth noting that other reviews may be correct in that the phone does prompt you to create or sign into a Motorola Blur account.  I don't know if it's possible to subvert this requirement; I didn't try and went ahead with it, using an active SIM.  Once registered, I removed the SIM, and can still use the phone normally, as with non-Blur phones.I love the form factor of this phone, and I think it was underrated for casual users.  At this point, though, I think its only real use is for developers who want the lowest common denominator, and for that purpose I would call this a smart and economical buy.

If I were to rate this for my personal use, I would give it 4 Stars.  Mostly because I'm not watching videos or multitasking on it.  So I knew what I was getting.  But for the regular user, here are the cons: interface is slow to respond to being &#34;awaken&#34;.  I have to slide my fingers on the Efren a few time until it moves to the next screen.  Once it's up and running, then it's cool.  The screen is tiny. I don't mind it, but it's very small.  The physical keyboard (my favorite, since I've had a blackberry for the past 9 years) is crap. One press and it types two or three times that key. Then again, it's refurbished, and it might be just my unit.  Camera Is entry level, don't expect much from it.  Battery life is decent, but like I said, I'm not a heavy user.

Thanks amazon, this is a good product for me... good and easy to use, I hope Motorola have in the future more versions of flipout ok thanks.

i got this phone for the looks and it being within my budget for a 3g, but after ONE day i was severely disappointed by it's insufficient battery life and tiny screen, i thought it was cute but it's quite annoying when surfing the web. I'm really disappointed and I'll be lucky if i get a quarter of what i paid back when i trade it in. The description says it's got wifi, a camera, it's an android, but as a dead phone it has nothing.

This phone is epic. It's perfectly pocket sized. I love it. The keys feel good :DDDD buy it. You won't be disappointed.

this item has a problem , keep in constantly reboots,  i am very sad because it been used in colombia, and is more dificult to me resend the product.. i think that is a battery problems...

There wasn't really anything wrong with the phone itself. It was more what the people who sold it to me told me about it. I needed a phone that worked with the wi-fi calling that t-mobile offers, because I live in a complete dead zone for any carrier. On the phone they told me it would work, and well, it didn't. So I had to waste the money on that one, then buy a new and much more expensive one that worked for me. I wouldn't say it's a bad phone, but the people who sold it to me suck.

Enjoy this phone.  Small fast and reliable.  The only problem with it is android 2 OS and a small ram.It does not take much to fill the memory of apps.  There are great aps out there for it.Android 2 does not let you install aps onto the micros sd card.Besides that it's got a nice keyboard and a small bright screen.Cannot have a phone without keyboard!  This one has a nice one.

The phone worked for just about a month then died. Don't waste your money -get a better product. You'll be on your own. Amazon did nothing to help.

I was looking for the equivalent of the Kin One by Verizon but I needed it to function with a straight talk carrier. This one worked perfectly! Believe it or not my son liked it so much he took off with it, lol.

Maybe this is what i get for tyring to buy an old (as in older model), cheap phone, but it was certaintely not worth it. I sent it back after trying to deal with it less than a week.

Muy bonito y coqueto mi celular hasta la fecha no he encontrado alguien con uno igual la mayoria me lo chulea. . .

This phone is worth every penny invested in it. Cool phone. No one can get a better phone in this price range.The seller was quick in shipping the device to me. Thanks...

I bought this to use as a MP3 player, but it "died" after one week, or so I thought. After a month I picked it up and thought id try charging the dead phone..to my surprise it turned back on and worked just fine...

I purchase this phone which was suppose to be unlocked and it wasn't. I returned it back. The phone wouldn't even fit my sim card and was obviously a international version. I will never by a phone from this company again. Luckily it was fulfilled by Amazon so I didn't have no issues returning it, and didn't have to pay for shipping.

I am in love with this phone! I got this since its unlocked and im using it with walmarts family mobile plan. This lil thing has a fm radio on it, im getting all kinds of compliments with it, the qwarty keyboard is bigger than I expected it to be and the touchscreen keyboard is the best one I've eever used even though this is a small phone. I love this lil phone and its the best one I have ever purchased

I bought this phone for my college age son.  His beloved Blackjack II accidentally was destroyed when a drink was spilled on it.HE REALLY WANTED A FULL KEYBOARD (AND NON-TOUCH SCREEN).Motorola Flipout Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Android Phone with Bluetooth, Camera, QWERTY Keyboard and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Blackis a small phone that rotates out to answer calls or to expose the keys.  It came with a 3 month warranty.  It lasted about 4 months and the swing open operation started to become difficult.  Within 5 months the buttons started to stick.  Since I had just upgraded his phone I bought a new Blackjack II from eBay to last my son until it is time for him to renew.  Generally I like Motorola products.  While I am sure most phones (or a large percentage of them) are made in China, the design and quality control is often in the purview of company (Japan or US).  This was the worst effort under the auspice of Motorola I have found to date.Some other reviewers have had a good experience with the phone.  It may be a quality control problem as the design seems like a good idea.  But I would look elsewhere as higher quality phones can be had for for the same or lower price.

I have been using an iPhone for years and recently decided to switch to Android.  I have to say that this little guy is a great intro to all that Android has to offer.  The form factor is fun.  The phone itself is great.  I really have no complaints!  I would totally suggest this budget phone to anyone looking to test out Android and/or wanting a great little phone.

This is a nice little phone.  My daughter was going overseas.  I wanted to get an inexpensive android phone for her to take.  I was able to load apps so that she can call and text free to the US as long as she has wireless.  The quad band allowed her to put an Italian sim card in the phone for local use.It is not the cutting edge.  But, it does exactly what the specs say.

I just received this product about 20 minutes ago and i review all of my purchases worth reviewing. Yes this is a nice entry droid system phone i like the uniqueness and i am already playing my favorite games like zombieville usa,angry birds, and raging thunder. i already rooted it quite easy.I recommend this as a gift to anyone who is receiving their first phone or anyone who has never had an android or iphone.

I really couldnt believe how terrible it was. I tried to take the resonators off and the phone started to smoke a lot. I thought a Cold Air Intake would fix it and make it faster but the android market wont allow my cold air intake to run so now im stuck with a phone that cant run with a cold air intake and the resonators cause the battery to smoke. On top of all that It automatically called my kids when i was having sex.

My friend got me this Motorola Flipout phone few days ago, the phone was unlocked and I also test the phone at friends house everything works fine. The only thing I need to do to set up this phone is an google account, it use google acount to unlock the home screen. When I got home I tried with my own sim everything is different. It's showing another message on the home screen"SIM CARD IS REMOVED OR CHANGED. LOG IN TO YOUR MOTOBLUR ACCOUNT TO UNLOCK". I did tried to use my google acount to unlock this phone like the first time but it doesn't work. And I don't have the MOTOBLUR account. I also try with friends account and still did not work. So I got stuck! A phone like this can only can be use for one time...

Besides the astonishing functionality of the Android Honeycomb 3.1 Operating System, the phone itself is compact, well designed, easy to use and the buttons are positioned well on each of the four sides.This is the perfect media phone - despite it's convenient dimensions.I use the Pandora radio app all day long... great battery life.This is the phone to get if you can read the compact lettering on the screen and type on the small keys.I'm enrolled in Ashford University's online classes and I do all my homework assignments on this micro-PC.Get it to add all the android apps to the functions of your life...

So basically, I'm in Costa Rica, the phone works just fine, is supposed to be 4band and 4band 3G too so it will work with any carrier. I've had it for about 2 weeks and I can tell you is WONDERFUL. The screen is not hard to look at, is not too small, the screen resolution is very good so all that crap you hear is untrue but of course if you compare it to an EVO or an iPhone display obviously it will fall short. I have all sorts of apps installed on it and they work like a charm i send emails, sms, pictures quite fast, the processor runs like a charm I use app killer because i'm a dork but is not necessary. Battery life was a huge concern i was affraid when i bought it and again proved to be a myth i just lowered the backlight brightness and i easily make it thru the day and back home and still have 15-25% juice.The Only reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of 2 HUGE improvement opportunities:#1 the camera is quite crappy... it will take your occasional pic or video but the resolution is quite crappy even though it even does panorama mode. As easy as adding autofocus feature and flash would make it a MUCH MUCH better phone and no frontal cam.#2 It may/may not randomly lose reception in places where other phones have no problems like inside houses or office buildings but i went with it to the beach and no issue but it definitely falls on the category of low end antennas so don't expect it to work in areas where a nokia has hard time finding reception if you know what i mean.hope this is helpful!

it works really really good, everything runs smoothly, only downpoint is the screen resolution is not all that good, but it's ok due to the fact that it's 120dll so I didn't really expect it to have better screen resolution, over all, I'm really happy with it.

I got this phone because I'm a huge facebooker and I thought that the Motoblur would be something that I'd like. Well it's very slow. It takes a while for the statuses to come through to the Motoblur widget.The battery life is absolutely deplorable. It can't even last me through my 8 hour work shift so I had to buy a car charger and have to bring my charger with me in my purse in case I have to plug it in while I'm at someone elses house for a while.I like the keyboard and the layout. I was iffy at first about web browsing on such a small screen but it actually is very easy to read for me. I was also concerned about how small the qwerty keyboard is but again it is spaced just fine and i don't hit the wrong buttons very often.It's not very durable though. I'm the type of person that has accidental drops and spills quite frequently and most phones I've had before this one could handle food or drink spills and just being dropped in general. This one gave out on me the first time it happened. (Dropped it in a bowl of macaroni and cheese.) The phone itself worked but the charging port just wouldn't charge. I tried everything even cleaning it out and it just wouldn't work. So I'd be very careful on where you drop this phone and make sure it's not around food.The android network is great and the apps download way faster than iTunes do.Overall it's a good phone, but only for people who don't want a serious smartphone and aren't klutzy.

This android smartphone is sooooooo cute. And it arrived with 2 colors covers, red and black. Everyone saw my little cute MOTO feels amazing!!! At the same time, I'm the big fan of android system. It makes the phone a real SMARTPHONE. Good thing for girls. Hope everyone like it.

Just the right size in my opinion.  Small, but has everyone one needs, including touch and keyboard.  Can't ask for more.

I bought this phone from At&t and I absolutely hated it! As far as appearance, its cute and people are impressed with it and it fits easily into your pocket. It is very convenient. Other than that, I have nothing else good to say about it. It constantly dropped calls and went to the home screen. It was a little to small if you use your phone often. I would not personally recommend this phone.

Thanks for your service, the product is handy and she can handle in her palm and chat vth friends easily and even on driving also.

El tel&eacute;fono fue para regalar en lo personal es para que su uso sea de chicas (Ya que es bastante compacto), es bastante atractivo a la vista, su consumo de bateria es ideal (este var&iacute;a de su uso y de las funcionalidades que se activen) por lo general se carga cada 2 d&iacute;as.Se compro desbloqueado asi que lo probe con distintas compa&ntilde;ias de mi pais (Movistar, Digicel, Claro) y funciono perfectamente con sus tarjetas SIM (no hubo problemas de compatibilidad o tama&ntilde;o)Y lo mas importante el sistema operativo es Android :DLo unico que el vendedor no agrego la factura comercial lo cual ocaciono problemas en la aduana y su traida a mi pais.El paquete indica que tra&iacute;a una memoria sd de 2 gb la cual no encontre

worked great for a week or so, then the phone stopped working. do not waste your time or $$ company would not exchange or take back

I brought this phone long time ago and I didn't really have a chance to write a review . I DO Not like it . It restart by it self . so all it is are in the box in the storage .

I can't get internet service from AT&T =( company said this phone is not able to accept our internet 3G service.

It is not the type of cellular phone you would want. The flip out feature is unreliable and does not let me to operate the phone with ease. Had to return it.

They said in the header that phones are unlocked and that is not true.I bought two of them and they are not unlocked! I am very disappointed.

this is not an unlock phone. description says its unlocked but its really not. i insterted another SIM and it is asking for the unlock code.

This phone is a okay. It does freeze up sometimes but the battery life is okay it lasts all day for me. The sound is good and crisp. The touch screen is okay not the best but it works. The features are good too except the camera which is awful. For the price it was okay but i would not purchase it again. I like the flip feature and the onscreen keyboard.

'Motorola Flipout' Grate phone, It's different from other phones and good looking, keys are grate it's like PC keyboard and easy to type, Thank you, you are really UnlockedCellPhoneKings :-) I like it

The phone doesnt get that great of service. So i recommend a cheap $1.99 cell signal booster sticker to go inside by the battery. It will do better after that. I got this phone for my mother so it doesnt need alot of memory. Which is good because it doesnt have a lot. It is a good "baby" android.

Bought this for my Granddaughter..she loves it!Arrived on schedule...she enjoys using it..pictures, FB.When my Granddaughter's happy so am I

I haven't received the USB cable, two battery covers (Black and Red),Also battery is not giving me as mentioned....(Up to 4.5 hours of talk time, up to 377 hours (15.5 days) of standby time). Please send me the leftovers and replace my battery to new one.

I placed an order for a phone from the site which was described as beinsg an unlocked cell phone. I payed the price of the phone plus the shipping charges and it was to be shipped to me within 5-7 days. I received the phone 12 days later. When I received the package, I was so excited but it only lasted a short time. The box said that the phone was unlocked, but after looking at the phone and checking it out, I soon discovered it was not unlocked. Not only was it not unlocked, but it was locked by AT& T. WHAT A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! Here I was waiting all this time for my "unlocked" phone AFTER I had paid my hard earned money for only to find it was NOT what I ordered at all. If that weren't enough, I had to go through the returning process which took me about another two days. After going through all this trouble, I had to wait about another week until they credited my money back. So my honest advice to everybody is to avoid that company. You can find the same product with the same price or less from any other provider through Amazon.

I got the phone in time, but the ear phone was missing. Internet doesn't work - might need some setup changes. otherwise, it is a good phone

I bought this phone from UnlockedCellPhoneKings it was brand new still factory sealed in retail box :) ALSO very important there were two different versions of this phone released one has a 600mhz processor the other a 720mhz processor im glad to report that the phone i got from them is the 720mhz version :) any questions about the phone respond and ill get back to ya!

Hesitantly bought this project, however my hesitation was blown away with the first use of it.Pros: Handy, efficiant touch screen, great look, quick response, sound quality and comfortable querty key board.Cons: Only I feel was camera picture quality was bit less.Seller: Prompt response and co operative & helpful, reliable seller.For the price paid, it is excellent product.

Phone is locked by IUSACELL operator but i payed for UNLOCKED... What should I do with it now? I think you must solve problem.

When I first received this phone I loved it! It was the perfect size and a nice conversation piece! After the novelty wore off there were several things I started to hate about it. First, you cannot update this phone like the other phones that came out around the same time. Secondly, you have to save a picture that is sent via MMS to see it clearly. There are some other pet peeves I have about it but it would take a century to write them out, so the bottom line is that I would not recommend this phone.

The phone is adorable and it's easy to use. The keyboard is great for texting, and the apps are great too!

I bought a motorola MB511 flipout unlocked. It's a new phone, but i didn't receive headset, and the two other cover for batteries. I don't know what happen but, i didn't received them. In my box i found a book, a charger, a battery, the phone. But i didn't see headset and cover.

but it worked only for the first week I had it in the US, then once back in Europe, not only did the phone not recieve calls (which it should have based on what my US carrier said) it simply stopped working after 2 months.  It now just turns on, the Welcome screen stays lit up until the battery wears out.  A little lump of eletronics, good for nothing, that cost me $60 for 1 week, basically;  If they are still selling this, run, fast, in the other direction.

The battery is not original. The back cover is not original. The phone did not meet my expectations for these two aspects. you have to load the cell several times a day.

The motorola phone itself is nice,I have had it about a month now.Problem is,I don't have the accessories that SHOULD have come with the phone.The description stated this was a new phone,but I am not sure how reliable this seller really is. Here are the red flags;* no SD card included, phone displayed a message the first time we we turned it on stating we needed a SD card even to operate. We went to Best Buy and put one in. *The charger is not a motorola charger. IT is now broken,does not charge,and then fell apart.* The battery I dont think is factory either,it does not say motorola on it as motorolas normally do,and is completly DEAD AFTER 1 MONTH OF LIMITED USE. It does not charge even after having to buy a new charger.-NO SD CARD-BATTERY dead after one month of LIMITED use- does not charge AT ALL--CHARGER STOPPED WORKING-then later broke into pieces.The metal piece that goes into the phone became loose,the plastic around it then split into two pieces.NONE OF THESE ITEMS,CHARGER,BATTERY, ARE LABLED MOTOROLA-HOW IS THIS BRAND NEW CONDITION?the phone itself arrived in an opened box,no instructions, etc, were included.THE PHONE IS VERY NICE,BASIC ANDROID.THE SELLER MISREPRESENTED THIS ITEM AND DID NOT INCLUDE FACTORY ACCESS.

This product is cute in physical appearance by looking at it but the touch screen seizes frequently. The quality of the pictures taken with it's camera was poor and the phone was laggy. In terms of cost, the phone is cost-effective in terms of cost/benefit.

The phone regardless of settings will not send or recieve messages with pictures attached to them. It doesn't even try, as soon as the send button is pushed the message "text not sent" appears. The android platform does not allow for you to close programs directly upon exiting them. At random applications are loaded into memory that access the network and run up your bill by sending and recieving data and this also depletes the battery. The only plus to this phone is the size which made it convienent to place in my pants pocket while I am working. Phone was shipped with euro charger cord regardless of communication with vendor.

IM ORDERED 5 PHONES FROM BLUTEKUSA AND THEY SEND ME ALL OF THEM WITHOUT THE 2GB MICROSD CARDS THAT HAS TO BE INCLUDED IN THE BOX AND THE BOXES WERE DAMAGE LIKE THEY PUT ALL THE PHONES IN BAD WAY INSIDE THE BOXES. WTF WITH THIS SERVICE. I DONT RECOMEND BUYING FROM BLUTEKUSA IF THIS ARE THEIR BEHAVIOR OF DELIVERING PRODUCTS TO ITS COSTUMERS. FIX IT AND ILL CHANGE REVIEW.

The compact size and full keyboard were definitely draws for me.  Plus the promise of Android apps.Drops calls and texts constantly (didn't have this problem with a Blackberry on the exact same network).  Battery life is 24 hours only if the phone is in standby mode.  Using the phone, the battery lasts an hour max.  This was the same result with 2 new batteries.  Most Android apps are not compatible with this model.  Navigating your files is a nightmare and not intuitive in the least even with the MotoCast software (though iTunes isn't much better).  I've returned it to the AT&T; store once and all they would do is change the battery and change the SIM card.  They said if there is still a problem, I can bring it back for a replacement of the same model, but the 2-year contract won't allow me to change to another model except at the full price.  Who wants to keep a phone that doesn't work most of the time?  Epic fail.

This cellphone is very cool, my sister is very happy with this item the only problems is with the screen cause it is very small, but it is the only exception.

The phone is really good. I like it, but the battery only stays one day, (that is ordinary to a phone with this high specifications and low price). the package was missing an item. But the sellers (platinum galaxy) were really helpful, provide me with many options to choose from to get me a missing item. They also ship it in 2 days, which is perfect. Finally they sent me also a small gift which is good thing for me and them to say sorry for the missing item. They are really good kind people, and helpful

I purchased this phone after my blackberry torch started to give me problems. I'm an avid blackberry user (no i phone, nor android phone appealed to me on the past) and was drawn to this phone because of its compact size, affordable price, and qwerty keyboard.  Being a blackberry user,  I'm still stuck on using a keyboard.  Phone ended up being a huge disappointment. Phone powered off every time I closed or opened it, the battery life was the worst I've ever had in a phone, and the screen really was too small to appreciate any browsing you decide to do. Those three things outweighed any pro's I may have seen  (which I didn't,  other than aesthetic reasons) I definitely don't recommend this phone.

Bought this phone to use with TMobile To-Go prepaid SIM.  Could not get it registered with Moto Blur, which is required before doing anything else on the phone.  Cannot bypass this service, which copies all your contacts to a Motorola website.  Didn't have data network so went to wifi hotspot (2 separate occasions) to register.  Tried many times, had several calls to Motorola Customer Service trying to resolve issue.  Phone would not register to Moto Blur:  different error messages, main one was Motor Blur Service not currently available.  Phone was useless without it, had to return.In addition this phone doesn't work like normal android, does not have the usual buttons to access phone settings.  Everything but wifi is locked out until you register with Moto Blur.

Love this phone.  Seller was very helpful when I had "user issues"......  fits in your pocket, no butt dialing, can do everything the smart phones can do....  Love it, Love it!!!!  Will order a second one for backup..... did I mention I love it......

Great cellphone, nice look, and came with Android functionallity, only a bad thing, in my country (Ecuador) don't work with 3G only connect with EDGE (2G) service, but this work fine with 2G.

Spent three hours on the phone with Motorola to connect to their goofy &#34;Motoblur&#34; service they couldn't get it to work and told me that the phone was defective. I returned it. If you order this phone you will probably receive the unit I returned. BE CAREFUL !

my item came with no headset and my friend bought the same product with amazon and his package had different colors of replacement back that was what made me purchase the same phone and my came with just one black back so i really im disappointed

FIRST OF ALL..I PAID FOR FAST SHIPPING. I DID NOT GET IT. SO AMAZON GAVE ME A REFUND. I FINALLY RECEIVED MYPHONE. AND CAN NOT USE IT. YOU HAVE TO HAVE A MOTO BLUR ACCT. WITHOUT IT THIS PHONE IS USELESS.I HAVE TRIEDEVERYTHING TO OPEN THE ACCT.IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO DO. I HAVE GIVEN UP.AND I WILL BE SHIPPING THIS PHONE BACK ASAP.THE SHIPPING WAS POOR, VERY TACKY. IT DID NOT COME WITH A MANUAL. IT DOES NOT LOOK NEW. IT LOOK USED.AND HAVE SCRATCHES. I REALLY HESITATED TO COMMENT. BECAUSE I HATE LEAVING A BAD FEEDBACK.BUT I DON'T WANT ANYONE ELSE TO GO THROUGH THIS IF I CAN STOP IT. AND I AM GETTING KNOW RESPONSE FROM THE COMPANY.I DEFINITELY WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN.OR RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.IF I COULD RATE LOWER THAN A 1 STAR, I WOULD. BUT AMAZON IS THE BEST. THEY ARE VERY PROTECTIVE OF YOUR MONEY. AND WILL GIVE YOU A FAST REFUND. THEY ARE VERY PATIENT WITH THEIR CUSTOMERS. BUT THIS COMPANY THAT SOLD ME THIS PHONE SUCKS!!!

El MOtorola Flipout es un excelente telefono android, aunque suele ponerse lento a veces con algunos procesos.  El unico problema que tuve, fue que traia un cargador para el UK y yo resido en latinoam&eacute;rica.

I wanted a small phone. This was perfect for me. The things I didn't like about it was that it would freeze every once in a while, and the battery doesn't last very long.

Pros:  Its cute, small and handy.  Android OS gives an advantage with multiple screens.  Keypad for typing if you are not a touchy typer.Cons:  a bit on the heavier side, but that is what it is.Overall:  I like the layout of the phone.  Bought it for my wife and she loves it.

I received it today. Yet, it is unlocked. According to amazon, "the seller's inventory is constantly changing, we can't replace items sold by them that are Fulfilled by Amazon".I don't think this is a good reason.I suggest people who review this phone to reconsider. It is very probable that you have to refund it. For a delayed deal, it's not pleasant at all.

I have Flipside now. I rooted both of them and got rid out of bloatware on the. Still you will suffer from less memory, even after moving most of them to SD Card.Anyway in comparison Flipside is much better. Flipout's weird square screen size is not good for every app.

I have owned this phone already 3 month and it works flawlessly. qwerty keyboard is superb as well as touch screen. I love its small an portable size. The battery is also good, it lasts 2 day for me. The sound is clear and loud enough to hear anywhere. the camera is weak, but i have a digital camera for making photos. otherwise it's absolutely great phone according to its price and abilities. Android system, fast wi-fi, qwerty keyboard, touch screen and an unique style.

The built quality was really nice and sleak. Felt good in the hands. Very nice concept. But the screan resolution and quality is horrible and the software is too old. Plus the device is not combatible with T-Mobile so I had no use for it.

arived early! product looked brand new in original packaging. not a single dcratch on it. came with a free screen protector. great sellers!!! I will for sure be back to buy more excellent merchandise from BREED.  i have alreading put a few more items in my cart from their store. I had a few questions about my order and they were right on top of their e-mails.  *five thumbs up*

I bought an unlocked Motorola Flipout from Ebay, i'm sure its the same situation with the unlocked ones you buy from AmazonThese things are GREATThey're so rare, its a 2% you'll see someone else with this phone, they dont sell these anymoreThis thing is so small, but sooo niceperfect for your fingersThis is not for gamers. I tell you RIGHT NOW, almost all the games crash, even with my 1gb sd card, the apps work though, not the gamesThis doesn't matter to me because I use my ipod touch for gamingThis things wifi is a charmThe only thing is that it automatically uses data regardless if you have a data plan or not, so with Tmobile I added a data plan, 10$, for one month, if you buy it for one month they let you add a DATA block after the 1 monthso now its impossible for me to use up data and have chargersnow this wifi works like an ipod touch's wifiit's great.The keyboard is perfect, love the keys, very well madeVery loud speaker, and I LOVE THE 3.5mm jackmakes life easierThis thing is beast, and its so worth the moneyGo for it.

This is super cute, but not as user friendly as the Apple and Nokia phones I also use (Apple for my US account and the others as unlocked phones that can take an international SIM when travelling).  Making calls or texting are super easy, but web browsing or apps are very difficult to use due to the tiny screen size.  I still havent been able to figure out how to use most of the features.  It is not terribly user-friendly.This phone appears to be made for a Mexican or South American market.  The instruction booklet was only in Spanish and in one screen when it asked me where I was located the only choices were Mexico and three SA countries.Mine came with dark pink, black, and orange back plates.  It is one of the cutest phones I have had and is perfect for my use, but I wouldn't want to use it as a smart phone.

Motorola Flipout Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Android Phone with Bluetooth, Camera, QWERTY Keyboard and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - BlackBuy this phone and the review indicate unlocked and when I turn it on I requested the unlock code. Please send the code to unlocked.thanks

Surfs internet faster than my ice cream sandwich 7" tablet. Though the small screen makes it not great for surfing.Good speaker for the size. More volume than my previous Sprint android, and one of the best that I've heard on a cell phone.Easy to play music with widget to play, pause, go to next/previous song on home screen.Scroll pad great for Kindle app to page forward/back.  This makes the small screen size not such a reading hassle.The keypad and the scroll pad (an especially nice feature) add tons of functionality to an android operating system that really zips.

The product itself even the manual itself was ALL IN SPANISH...so i reccomend not toget this product unless you understand spanish.

For about a week or so I debated whether or not I wanted this product. I absolutely love the Android OS since I purchased my first, HTC Inspire 4G...I bought the Motorola Flipout for something different. I love it. It's simple and does almost everything my HTC Inspire does. The camera isn't the best quality...but, I can't complain, b/c I bought it. Needless to say, I am spoiled from the Inspire's amazing color and picture). Once again, I love the Motorola Flipout; fun.

I purchased this phone to use internationally.  It arrived quickly.  It's cute and has a nice feel.  I put in my Orange SIM and I'm unable to set up the phone.  It connects to my wi-fi...but the MotoBlur setup doesn't work.  Apparently if you don't have AT&T or T-mobile, it's a brick.  I'm so disappointed.  I'm returning it.  Buyer beware...THIS IS NOT AN INTERNATIONAL PHONE.

Well, It is an excellent product, mainly it is due to the screen (relatively large), very very responsive, Android es very fast and good, Motoblur do the things easy and organized, "BUT" I cannot turn on 3G, I bought also Nokia C5-03 that runs on the same 3G bands this phone and it works perfect. But this does not happen with the Motorola, which gives me just Edge signal. Maybe because,,, maybe it is not totally unlocked, it is a phone from Orange, with a good 2G, Edge Reception but impossible to turno on the 3G.My Web PAGE (...)

I was immediately drawn to this phone's quirky astheatic, and have certainly not been disappointed, it is lovely to look at!All this phone's networking features are easy to use, calls with it are clear.The physical keyboard is surprisingly spacious for such a small phone, and even my large and somewhat clumsy hands have had no trouble with it.The battery (which was my main concern after reading existing reviews) seems to last a couple of days if the phone is idle, and about 16 hours if I use it constantly.This is not a perfect smartphone by any standard.Screen resolution is mediocre, images on the display are never really sharp, but neither are they intolerably blurry.Many apps are incompatible, either completely, because of the Specs or OS, or just made largely impractical to use because of the screen's size and awkward shape.The camera is 3.1 megapixels and has no flash and very few editing options, photos taken with this phone are often grainy and distorted.The phone's speaker is quite poor, and quickly eats away at the battery life.I love this phone, it does exactly what I need and a little more, and looks great doing it, but it's not for everyone.If you're looking for a phone that will always do exactly as it's told, this isn't it.If you're looking for a phone with strong media capabilities, this certainly is not it.

This product looks very nice, it has very good functions, but this phone which was suppose to be unlocked and it wasn't. I returned it back.

I order this specific item from this specific retailer in mid August,I got the phone and discovered that it is not Unlocked as described, I contactedthe customer service and was said that they will try to inquiry the retailer, however there is no answer up until now. I had to give the phone to a technician to unlock it for $89.BE AWARE. DON'T TRUST.

I really love this phone. The touch screen is great-very responsive. The wifi capabilities are sweet.  This has got to be the best phone ive ever had. The design is unique and eye catching.

The phone itself is great.  Perfect for texting and all other uses.  Buying it directly from Amazon, however, was a huge mistake.  For starters, the battery was dead when I got it.  Then, once it finally turned on, I discovered the phone was permanently PUK locked.  I had to go to an AT&T store and purchase a new SIM card before I could even get into the phone.  After I played with it for awhile, I realized I could not connect to the internet.  Supposedly because it is "unlocked," it doesn't have some sort of codes needed to access the internet on AT&T's network.  I can connect with wireless but not with my data package.  This also means I can't receive picture or video messages.  Overall, I would definitely recommend the phone, but purchase it elsewhere.

I purchased this for a family member overseas and have only heard good things about it, it is inexpensive yet not lacking of quality. Very cheap android unlocked phone.

esta muy bueno el producto hasta ahora no hay ningun problema funciona perfectamente bien se los recomiendo para cualquier persona que quiera usarlo

This is a incredible phone, a beautiful design with a powerful operating system, it has 2 way input, a full usable touchscreen and if you prefer a complete qwerty keyboard.Pros*Awesome design, really small.*Android operating system that means, 500,000+ apps to install*capacitive multitouch*1Ghz ProcessorCons*Battery drain in a few hours*motorola cancel updates to this phone and locked the bootloader so this phone will be android 2.1 foreverSorry for my bad english!

First time Motorola customer and very pleased with this buy. Great and convenient features. Love touch screen. Love size, fits into almost anything.

I ordered this model for my husband because my son has one and likes his. Just opening the package, I noticed that there were fingerprints on the screen protector, the battery bag had been opened and the sticker sloppily reattached, and the box contained only documentation in Spanish. When Amazon sends an open box item, they should charge open box prices.When it finishes charging, I'll see how it works.Disappointed with Amazon. I'm not used to seeing this.

My boyfriend loved this phone. It is very basic, but the spinning screen and the unique shape and look of the phone made it really enjoyable for him. You don't have to sign up for that motorola thing to use it by the way. All android apps work fine, and you'll be surprised that the "small" screen doesn't seem that small when it's so convenient and unique.

Got it a year ago for my daughter and she loves it .. Still works great, great battery life. We have been happy with this purchase. Plus the cool flip out design never gets old .. Lol

Nice phone, compact, easy to use. The battery holds for a week if no data transfer is used. more than I wanted on the initial configuration. you need to create an account for MotoBlur.

Bought two cells and found both cell phones are NOT unclocked.  Tried possible ways to unlock and had to spend more money.

I didn't liek the fact that everything in the Operating system (Android 2.2) is connected to AT&T.; In order to listen to the radio you need an AT&T; account. I don't know how to erase AT&T; from the cellphone. Some people told me to reinstall the operating system, but I was told that I was going to need an aunlock code from AT&T...;So if you are not going to use this cellphone with AT&T; it is better not to buy it...that's what I think. Sorry.The cellphone works very well. It flips the beybeard very well. The keys have a nice feeling in your fingers when you use them. If you use the touch QWERTY keyboard it is easy too.The cellphone works very well with Social networks, WIFI, etc.

This phone was a gift to my daughter. She loves the phone. It is good quality, she is very happy with it and is begging me to purchase one for dad.

OK so i got this for Christmas last year because my other phone was awful. and i love this phone. its perfect to fit in your back pocket if your wearing pants and it perfectly fits in your hand. plus it looks so cool i get compliments on it all the time. i love it. the catch is, i don't know why, but randomly it will restart. it won;t be dead or low battery or anything it will just restart. :/ don't know why but it always goes back to normal quickly so its not really that bad, but its restart sound is loud so t can get annoying. but no worries it doesn't do it a lot. but otherwise its great- good quality, gets WiFi, good resolution, takes pics pretty well, easy to use and fun! i would definitely recommend to teens everywhere.

I really liked to keep this phone. The 720 MHz processor is a breeze. Initially I had problems with battery life but once I did a factory reset and let the battery drain fully and recharged it to 100%, I was easily getting one full day of moderate use. I would recommend not to install any app killers on this one as it seems to drain the battery. I use my phone for email and some browsing. The Universal inbox was quite good but the stock android browser was lacking. I installed DolphinHD browser and it was quite good. The only problem I had and the reason I am returning is because once a week the screen gets stuck at the orange logo and I had to remove the battery to get it out of the jam. This especially happens when ever I use the head phones supplied with the device.

It fits well in my small hands and is different to hold with its swivel opening. I love being the one with the cool different phone.
