
Keep on like itI loved so much  morethanks you so much it i'm entrest to bay it in fuctureJoao Massiala

i bought this phone new first the charger did not work now the phone isn't charging i regret my purchase

This shipped on time. I purchased this for my nanny who wanted to receive Internet on her phone. I would've picked a different phone for her but she's from Thailand and wanted an unlocked phone to take back with her when she leaves.

I needed a new phone and just something as fast and durable for the time being, So far this phone been working good, I don't like the fact that it has a logo for the company it came from even tho it's unlocked, I didn't like that, Everything works fine, The battery dies somewhat a bit too fast, For me personally it last about 7 hours and that's with using BBM, Twitter, Facebook etc, So with that in mind it should last twice as long without using those applications, Other then that it works simple fine and I was satisfied with my purchase, Just did not like that logo of the company, But great product otherwise, It came with a charger and a guide battery and the battery door, Did not come with a USB cable which I find was a bit of a con, Good thing I have other Data Cables, So if you're looking for a phone to use for a few months or just something casual to keep in contact, I believe this is a good buy, I would give it a 4 out of 5 for customer service.

Ordered this product 3 months ago and received a BB9530 instead of a BB9550!!, i'm so disappointed with it, can't return it back, i live outside US so...

I received the phone in record time however it came without the SD Micro storage card or USB cable. Much to my disappointment. Hence the reason for only 2 stars. The phone is working good so far.

I bought a new Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black but received a refurbished one that does not work (not recognizing SIM Card). This was bought from Cell Lounge. I wish I had read the reviews before making the purchase. The phone was a Christmas present for my "Techie" husband and he was not impressed. He is used to touch screen devices so he quickly realized that this Blackberry is more like a "hit/press hard" screen, not touch. Was this really a Research In Motion creation? This phone turned out to be a double Whammy for us - it is NOT new and it is NOT touch screen.

It seemed to work well second hand would not buy any product from this store should be more extrictos with these vendors

me llego en el tiempo preciso solo que un poco despegado en la parte superior, y no trajo el auricular de blackberry lo demas todo excelente

El telefono es un muy buen producto. lo utilizo en venezuela con la linea movilnet y no presenta incovenientes. lo recomiendo.

Not to good it does not work that well on the internet specialt without wifi kind of sucks  no bueno

Spent a few hours finding out the phone was in fact not unlocked. Arrived programmed en Espanol, not my native tongue. An Amazon rep helped me change the language to English and then after a few hours of talking with our mobile rep and the phone's phone rep, we found that it couldn't be unlocked by them without a hefty fee, since it wasn't purchased new  from the phone company. I sent the phone back.

So I first received my phone in February and all was fine except for missing add-ons (memory card, headphones, manuals, etc.)but the seller stated that those items do not come with it if it is purchased USED...while I did not agree with the notion, I accepted it. But now after two and a half months, my phone no longer works.Please be careful when buying used items...now what do I do?The phone is a good purchase but did not last long enough to be enjoyed...

Gracias excelente servicio llego a tiempo y en perfecto estado, muy buen servicio. Una tienda seria y eficiente y rapida. En perfecto estado el equipo y funcionando correctamente

No dan se&ntilde;ales del estado de mi pedido, habra llegado??, ya me lo envian??... nada que puedo hacer respondan Proveedor

Hola, al comprar este BB me parecio la mejor compra y al llegar a mis manos me di cuenta que el vendedor metio; accesorios no originales de BlackBerry, me senti defraudada y por eso lo califico con 3 estrellas, pense que era vendedor serio.

the phone is being giving problems all along , while speaking it cuts off ater 30 to 45 seconds during the conversation, many at times it freezes

The phone offers nowhere said it was remanufactured, the sale was misleading and the product affects the time of selling, I am very disappointed that I repay the money.

it a hassle to set up but once you get going it performs. BIS Active performs anywhere. I recommend it

I originally bought it to replace a Samsung Galaxy who had run it's life beofre the contract ended. The phone is quite nice looking but that's about it!!!!! I can not believe that this phone once reeived high ratings. It takes 5 times as the amount of time it took me with the other phone to enter text. I thought that BB were supposed to be excellent for business. NOT this one. WOW .....it is so bad that I can not begin to tell you all the things that make this phone a terrible investment. This is the first time I do a review, but if I am able to save someone else from making such a terrible decision I have done a good deed.

el celular trajo defectos no apaga por el boton de apagado solo por el tactil para prenderlo tengo que reiniciarlod verdad fue una mala compra

You guys need to stop posting reviews of sellers on the product page. This is not where you post the sellers reviews. Your reviews will not warn people about the sellers. Please leave negative feedback on their sellers page in your orders menu. You can't rate the product bad if the seller did the order wrong or shipped you a crappy phone. Please keep those comments to the seller's feedback instead.Now back to the review. I always was fascinated about the blackberries. They were the first smartphones to out there that got the smartphone technology going. I wish Blackberry was able to continue this trend of touch screens since this phone was amazing and probably the biggest phone they made to date. I know RIM can do a better job of making a heck of a nice phone that could beat those android and apple users but RIM don't want to get out of the old school OS systems and their repetitive designs.Overall I sticked with this phone because of how well the email system is. This is very important to me for a computer engineer. This phone also does well for texting and that is all I need for a work phone. I use my Blackberry Bold 9930 for my usual texting and surfing.Overall this phone is probably the only phone you are going to see that has a huge screen and uses a blackberry operating system. I know the phone has its flaws but overall its a great phone if you get use to it. Also there are other ways to improve the phone too.Overall a great phone who needs email sent to their phones. It is the most simplest way to setup email and Blackberry made their phones to have the best email infrastructure before Apple blew them out of the water.I love this phone and will keep it for work until Apple puts RIM to the ground.

es un excelente equipo. trabaja perfecto para movistar Venezuela, la calidad de las imagenes es muy buena. ninguna queja con el equipo, ademas solo se conseguiran refurbished porque el equipo no salio mas

The product I found it excellent. however, the charger that came with your computer is not for the cell. I had to buy another. unfortunately I can not use the 3G network for Movilnet in Venezuela

Taking into account the great fame of the Blackberry brand, I took the BAD decision to buy this phone.Why was a bad desicion?1) Long time to turn on in comparison with other cell phones.2) The Phone IS NOT 100% TOUCH, that FALSE, It is Not touch screen. It works like a laptop keyboard, you need to press the screen to select the desired menu so once again This phone IT IS NOT TOUCH.3) If you have not registered a contact you can not send SSM or MMS or PIN. You must first register the contact and then you can send messages.I did not test any other functions because I am disappointed with these one so I did not want to get more desappointed.I will try to sell this phone and buy a new one from another Brand.

this is a good product, the qualification that I was once a equibocacion with other items purchased at "A and Wireless-B"

The blackberry phone was making noise when using touch screens and the USB port was so dusty. I could never accept a NEW condition for this.The didnt provide a data cable and the phone hangs when I take photos. Totally dissatisified with this product.

este producto me lo entregaron en tiempo record, son atentos y  todo el tiempo estuvieron pendiente de todo , vendedores recomendados

Not yet started using it, I will provide my review after using it for a week. However, I like it since at the time of buying I took a real investment decision. I will send more reviews when I start using the storm

The camera is good and everything works fine so far. No complaints just yet. Also it rings pretty loudly too.

el telefono llego en exelentes , en el tiempo previsto sin inconvenientes exelente equipo.... puedo recomendar a esta tienda :)

good dayThe BlackBerry 9950 is selling blutek GMS? I can take him to Venezuela and activate it with any operator in the country?Thank you.

Paid over $300 for an unlocked phone, and it wasn't.  To make matters worse by trying an unlock code it is now a $300+ paperweight.

I payed 2 days delivery and it arrived 14 days latter. It was used and locked I had to unlocked it it cost 25 dollars to do so. It didn't had the memory card, the accesories where not original.If you what to know about the phone is very good I like it a lot.

the phone works ok. I was expecting alittle more from it though. guess i had my expectations too high. ti has  great wireless capabilities so any one will enjoy using it.

was not as stated , could only use one carrier. liked the phone but unable to use since I use att.

I bought this phone to be used abroad. I live in Ecuador. Initially I had no problems to make calls, but now I can't make any calls because the phone shutoff the calls automatically. My phone doesn't allow me to even to listen the ringing stuff. I can see when the phone tries  to make a call, but after a few seconds the phone close the call without any apparently reason. Also nobody can call me, because my friends told me that my phone is not in use.I have not tried yet to contact the seller to find out a solution for this. I must to reset the phone removing the battery to make phone calls, but after a while the phone starts to fail again. If someone knows a way to solve this issue please help me.

Having this piece of garbage was a horrible experiences. Crashed every day. Loooooong boot time. Rarely had data connection. Browser is unusable. touchscreen does not click where you put your finger. No tethering to your computer. If that wasn't enough, it installs whatever the phone company wants whenever they want. I cannot imagine how people can give this good reviews, it has to be the employees from rim.having this for the 2 years of phone contact was excruciatingNEVER IN MY LIFE WILL I BUY ANY PRODUCT FROM RIM NEVER NEVER NEVER !!!! NEVER NEVERNEVER!!!!!!NEVER!!!!!!!!I HATE YOU RIMHATE HATE HATE HATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS , EXCELENT PRODUCT; I BE HAPPY, EXCELENT PRODUCT, I not HAVE PROBLEM, ALWAYS AMAZON

I hate the blackberry!

I bought this Blackberry phone to use here in Venezuela. Works excellent with Movilnet company. Very nice phone. Good price for this unblocked phone

I purchased this Blackberry Storm 2 9550 &#34;listed as new&#34; and I had no idea it was refurbished.  The phone also had alot of touch pad problems and after few time i could only make calls but not receive and next I couldn't receive the calls either.  it is really the worst phone I ever had

The battery backup is very bad and is not same as mentioned in the product description (305 hours).It last for about 4-6 hours stand by.Further, just to put notice of all, this phone is not a touch phone and it is a push kind of phone. Now a days, one can get Android phone on the same or lesser cost.I requested a return of the item. Good to tell you that the seller is all the time ready to return the item. But I had problems while returning the item. I am no longer in US and I am in Costa Rica right now. And the seller do not have policy for return outside US. A really bad experience for me. :-(

I bought this phone  as a gift for my teenage son. however upon receiving the phone it appears to be faulty.  Instead of touch screen it seems to be &#34;press screen&#34;  because the screen has to be pressed really hard in order to use it.  The phone is constantly freezing.  Also, even though i selected NEW ITEM this item does not appear to be a new phone because my son had to delete some items from the  phone.  I am disappointed and returning this product.

I would have never imagined the problems I would be facing with this phone. I understand it is used but to the charger doesn't work, the screen is unresponsive, and is constantly crashing.

Wow i remember when I first purchase this phone I was in love its a great phone but I guess now we have better phones around. I still love it

I bought this phone with some skepticism about the touch screen. After just a few hours I felt really comfortable with it. It is a very nice phone, very easy to use, with a great, clear, large screen. You do have to get used to writing on a touch screen - just as if you were buying an iphone. So my advice for you buyers: buy with confidence. You'll get a great phone for a very reasonable price.

Got this today, it's brand-new, still covered in factory plastic.  Perfect!  Took a chance on CDMA because the ad is unclear whether it's GSM or Verizon, but I'm very happy!  Cellular Kingdom rocks!

These people placed the  phones in the NEW items... after I contact asking about condition, they wrote FACTORY REFURS.... and the link for the phone shows 16gb microsd in the box, of course it didn't coming with the phones!!!tricky peopleBlackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black

It was missing battery cover and correct charger.  Also has issues turning on.  And, most importantly, it wasn't &#34;unlocked&#34; in such a way that Verizon could activate the phone.  I plan on, hopefully, returning to Amazon.

The phone is fully touchscreen. The power button locks the screen, which is a plus, because it prevents accidental clicking, when the phone is in your pocket.  The phone is responsive when touched.  It was a Verizon phone and it easily switched over to AT&T in minutes (thanks to youtube).  Amazon sent it out fast because there was some deal on.

i dont recommend u buy this product ..it freezes and the battery life is short and after just 3 weeks or so it went completely blank and of no use..so i don't advice anyone buying from this company at all. the phone is just no good..buyer beware.

bought this phone under new, turned out to be a rejected verizon wireless remanufactured (says so on the sticker behind the battery) phone. inside the phone even has dust. was too good to be true.

I have the need for two cell phones, one for business, the other for personal use.  As a result, I can compare the Blackberry Storm 2 from Verizon and the Blackberry Bold 9700 from T-Mobile.  Similar phones in many respects with shared capabilities in the main but one is far more user friendly than the other in my opionion.  The Bold is the friendlier one by far.  As an aside, I am impressed by the level of service and follow-up by Verizon and the Storm 2 over T-Mobile but that's another issue for another time.The Storm 2 is quirky.  Maybe the same can be said of all touch screen devices but it tends to lock up, accept the wrong commands and is tough to navigate with those smallish querty keyboard symbols.  And you have to toggle between screens to add numerical data and certain punctuation marks to your text.  The Bold, in comparison, is not like typing on a regular keyboard either but it does allow for easy fixing of typos and with its chicklet fixed keyboard makes navigating a far easier task.And that's the main difference between the Bold and Storm 2:  Ease of navigation.  It's sort of like going from the original version of Windows (Storm 2) to Windows 7 (Bold 9700) if you follow my drift? The Storm 2 does have an advantage in the user being able to go from portrait to landscape mode which helps a little on typing text but even then, the keyboard is not forgiving.  The Storm 2 now has four sensor modules under the screen to help on the commands which is a step up over the ONE from the original Storm but stability is hardly the order of the day.Sending a text requires an additional menu call-up on the Storm 2 as opposed to the Bold. Also, on the Storm 2, one has to dig into the media icon to access the video camera.  Not so on the Bold.  More examples outlining the differences between the two phones.  In summation, I like both phones but the Bold would be my choice if I could only have one phone.  I think the Storm 2 has another generational change ahead of it before it can lay claim to being a true iphone alternative.You have to think the people at RIM and Blackberry are acutely aware of the Storm 2's issues because the phone is just short of being an all around excellent choice.  Right now the Storm 2 is a GOOD choice and I'll leave it there.UPDATE:  After many dropped calls in spite of good wi-fi or antenna 3G strength indicated, and having the Storm lock up on me after taking it from the charger, I couldn't continue and got out of it and the contract.  I'm beginning to think the folks at Blackberry and RIM have been not only passed but left in the dust by the competition.  To be fair, the Bold 9700 has been and still is a solid unit which I have no desire to replace.  The Storm2 is Blackberry's Edsel Ford given my short, costly and sad experience with it.

This product worked great, except for some minor glitches,  for six months and then suddenly stopped working. One day I was getting write a text and the screen turned white. There was a message that read Device Error 367. Reset. That was the last time the phone worked. No one has been able to fix it. I paid over $200 for a phone that lasted six months. It was outside of the thirty day warranty, so I was unable to collect a refund or send in for an exchange. I do not recommend this phone, simply because the possibility exists that this can happen.

I ordered a new Blackberry Storm 2 9550 from "Buying it". But when I got it I found it was used for a long time because hollow parts of the phone were filled with dust. There was no transparent screen cover which shows it's new. The screws in battery section were worn out which shows it was opened several times. They are frauds. Listen to my advice, don't buy cell phones from such sellers, no matter how low the prices are.

hello good afternoon is to notify you that my order never got my got lost in the airline says my carrier and I do not recognize the value in dollars and my purchase as I think I made a very bad taste after I have bought in dollars strong bolivars reconoscan in national currency since it has almost no value at all to liberty would recommend as transportation expres because not respond as they should thanks

This phone was provided to me by work, so I didn't complain much at first since they were paying for it. It took me 6 months before I couldn't stand it any more.- I would avoid this phone if you are thinking of buying it. -The "click" screen is gimmicky, and tremendously painful to use when it's acting up.When it's working right I can see why it was a design decision - it is an interesting concept, but I can not understand how this product possibly made it through engineering and testing.Issues that you will experience when you own this phone:1) The screen will double and triple click on you2) The screen will fail to register where your finger is touching. Touching the bottom right of the screen will highlight the buttons in the top left3) One or more of the electric click sensors in your screen (one at each corner) will stick down. Failing to register any clicks in that quadrant no matter how hard you press. If all 4 corners go at once, the screen is unusable, and you need to pull your battery.4) Your click sensors will strangely start clicking themselves when your finger is nowhere near it. I had a condition happen multiple times where the phone, laying on my desk would click and unclick rapidly, like it was vibrating. This continued for a half-hour before it ran out my battery.Before anyone comments that "your phone was defective" - I brought it into a Verizon store, and they told me that it was normal behavior for this phone, and RIM recommended that a battery pull be performed every other day to reboot the phone, and clear up issues like this. Hardly a consumer-ready product.

Soy de Venezuela y compre 2 de estos telefono usados y llegar&oacute;n en perfecto estado. Funcionar&oacute;n a la perfecci&oacute;n con Digitel, Movistar y Movilnet. Lo recomiendo.!!Muchas Gracias!

i am form colombia and the phone i just great 100% functionality, very happy with my purchase, i put my sim card and ejoy my phone, blutekusa yo did it!!!!i was a little worried for the funcionality of the phone in another country but... the BB came in excelente shape and works fine with comcel and movistar.

I've been using an iphone then a Blackberry 8520, so:PROS:-it came with 16GB micro sd card from blue electronics. thats great!-camera photos and video quality.-BB software stuffs: messengers, browsers, etc.CONS:-would be hard to write on the touchscreen virtual keyboard if you've ever used a normal qwerty keyboard. In general, iphone touchscreen much better than 9550 touchscreen.-when you click something you really need to click it pressing down the screen like a button, that's weird. its the first touchscreen that really meant the click action.-this smartphone has 3G SINGLE BAND 2100.... too bad

Saludos a todos.Debo decir que el servicio de amazon.com es excelente y sobre el art&iacute;culo comprado lo recomiendo. Funciona perfectamente con la tecnolog&iacute;a que hay en Venezuela. Como critica debo decir que no me enviaron o no llego la tarjeta de memoria de 16 g la cual aparec&iacute;a en la oferta de compra. Espero que la directiva o directores de amazon.com hagan la gesti&oacute;n para que la misma me llegue. En fin pague por un art&iacute;culo completo. A pesar de todo estoy muy contento con la inversi&oacute;n.

Worst phone I have ever used. This is a complete piece of crap. Touch screen is useless, internet is slow the list is endless. Don't buy it. I'm now serving a 12 year stretch, for killing the clown that recommended it to me.

Timely delivery. Product according to the specifications. excellent quality-price relation, easy to use. WiFi very useful Excellent camera. I strongly recommend it.Excellent product and excellent supplier. i like it and i will buy another one next time.

I received this phone to replace an iPhone I had lost n didn't have insurance. Verizon wireless said this phone would not work through them. Was not a verizon phone

el 14 de diciembre compre en amazon un blackberry storm 2 y a los tres dias la tienda OEM me lo envio a mi casillero en florida, claro esta tardo en llegar a venezuela porque es temporada alta y habia muchos envios pero estoy muy contento con mi compra ya que el telefono es una belleza, el articulo es nuevo de paquete lo unico que no trajo fue la memoria de 16 gb pero lo demas lo recomiendo completamente el telefono funciona muy bien con movistar aqui en venezuela felicito a amazon y a la tienda OEM por su responsabilidad

I have to send it back. Malfunction on touch screen. It scrambles.This may be due to either packages or it was drop before I receive it. I dont know.Also, the service was not good. I receive the phone weeks late. I am very disappointed.

Este tel&eacute;fono si salio bueno y todav&iacute;a  esta funcionando en mi poder hasta el a&ntilde;o que viene que lo cambie por otro mas nuevo.

This is a nice phone if you like touch screen. Its very easy to use and the phone works great on my network

Even though the product was described with a scratch i seen not one. I was shocked with how new it looked.

it is Ok. I dont have a lot of thing to say. thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

I received the device, supposedly unlocked or released, but when you try to connect to two separate phone services, it did not work. I contacted the seller and they said they could advise me to make this release via phone... my answer was a resounding no. I have no experience in this and I did not want to risk spoil it, so I decided to return it.It was too late to cancel and return the other BlackBerry accessories purchased for this, so I stayed with the battery and the case of memory. If anyone needs them, I sell at the same price. lol.

Its a good phone but I have failed to connet to Blackbery internet Service(BIS).  If there is anybody to asist me on that, I will appreciate.If it connects, it will be a perfect phone for me.

WHY NOT OFFER A PHONE UNLOCKED AND WHEN IT SAYS REACHES THE CUSTOMER IS NOT .... COULD ANYONE HERE IN VZLA unlock. THAT IS, THAT THE PURCHASE YOU PERDI. FRIENDS, BE LIABLE FOR SALE .... BAD SELLERS AS THE QUALIFIED ...

I received a locked Blackberry Storm2 when ordering an unlock phone.  I am now in Africa and have a useless phone.

Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone is a great product for me and the kind of activities that I realize... i recommended

I am enjoying my new phone when leaving the country I could even switch carriers because it is really unlock. Thanks again Jack

The telephone receipt a bit late but enough good works of I throw only lacking him the memory of 16 gb because of it do not give him the complete qualification one sees good to be reconstructed

Given the usability and power of the Blackberries I have used so far, I was having high expectations when I bought this Phone.  But it lasted only until I got the phone. Setting up the phone was not so straight forward. Not because of the UI or anything, but  RIM's much touted implementation of touch screen. While every other touch screen implementation is a "touch screen", RIM's implementation is a combination of touch and click. So if you want to click a button, the touch will select the button and pressing again to click will trigger a real press on the button. While in theory this can save the user from unwanted clicks, the main issue with this is that the click doesn't work really well in every part of the screen. Especially when you have a button on top left corner, clicking that will take all the energy you have. I almost felt like I will break the screen. The clicks on the center of the screen as smooth enough so its not a big deal for most buttons. Except when you use keyboard. I really dont know how a company like RIM is allowing such a product to be released to the market when such a big usability issue exists.the next big problem with the phone is with the network service. While it supports data via Wifi and 2g/3g networks, I dont see an option to force the phone to use only the Wifi network for data. ( Or at least this is not so intuitive if such an option exist).Installing and using apps also was not so simple. I downloaded and installed Google Talk, and on trying to login, it keeps giving me a message that The service is not enabled for this phone. I am not sure what this means at all.  For comparison, I have done this on an Andriod phone and that was pretty straight forward.  No issues at all..In short, If you are a techie who wants some adventure ( really?? There are so many better ways to get the thrill than setting up and using a phone). Stay away from this.Or if you need enterprise email etc and have an IT department to help you setup this for you, then you may consider this. Or else never even think of it. Android is way better for the common man.

Excellent seller, I've received  my Storm 9550 prefectly including all the accesories. In my case even the 16 gb memory card was inside of my package. All arrived on time and complete, i've gave him a five star rating as a reliable seller .Thanks.

Its very simple and very complete and affordable for me!!! I find it's perfect for my work and my fun!!!

The product was as described by the seller. It was unlocked and had all the instructions for use. It came quicker than expected - which is always nice.

it delivered no problems, i got my two bb 9550 and was very satisfied, if you aim to sell the phone the manuals are in german. this wasnt an issue for me.

Excellent buys 100% recomendado... works perfectly easy to use good excellent camera!OriginalExcelente compra 100% recomendado... funciona perfectamente f&aacute;cil de usar buena c&aacute;mara excelente!!!

all the specs to make it a great big phone. The sharp screen really impresses, the touch control is an interesting addition and there&#8217;s plenty of processing power on board to keep things running nice and quick

good.

El tlf lleg&oacute; en buen tiempo y en buen estado. Cubri&oacute; satisfactoriamente las expectativas. Se recomienda este producto y por ende el vendedor.

This phone DOES NOT work for Verizon. I ordered this phone as a replacement for a broken phone and it does not work. Don't buy if you have Verizon!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone for my sister who lives in Argentina. Even though she was able to set up to call and text, she was never able to activate the data. Completely useless...She tried with the cellphone company and they told her they couldn't fix it because it was bought through another company, Then she tried with a technician and she was told the phone is linked to a line who has debt, therefore she will never be able to activate the data!!!I'm hoping this seller reads my review and gives me an answer because they don't list any contact info.

soy de venezuela me parecio una excelente mercancia, todo llego en perfecto estado, lo recomiendo es una tienda muy responsables, gracias

This is thie worst phone I wish I could get a refund this phone is hard to type with, it freeze up all the time, sometimes the touch screen don't work. This is the worst phone that Blackberry has came out with, never again!

i had an review that the phone was not unlocked. but i got help from the seller on how to use the unlocked section...so here is what the seller sent me on how to work it. btw i use tmobile and its working good now.Thank you for your email,This phone is unlocked,Please do the following, (It needs to be configured)1) Insert your sim card2) Insert your battery3) On the main screen please click "Manage Connection"4) Please click "Mobile Network Options"5) Network Technology Please choose "GSM/UMTS"6) Network Mode Please choose "3G & 2G"End.In few seconds Now your phone will pick up your carrier signals, and it will work.Please let me know if it work.

sealing the package arrived, but incomplete, missing 16 GB microSD offered by the sellerTechnical Details* In the box - Blackberry Storm 2 9550 Unlocked - Battery - Travel Charger - Data Cable - Stereo Headset - ***16gb microsd**** Battery: - Talk Time: 6 hrs - Standby Time: 305 hrs - Capacity: 1400 mAh* Display: - 480 x 360 pixels/3.25 inch - Touch Sensitive(Capacitive) - SurePress Pressure Sensitive Display* Camera: - 3.2 mega-pixels (auto-focus) - 2 x Digital Zoom - LED Flash - Image Stabilization* Video: - Video Recording - Supported formats: MPEG4, H.263, H.264 & WMV - Video Streaming

Un telefono pesado problematico. Realmente tampoco es touch screen. Me salio malo el producto y lo devolvi. No lo recomiendo.

I just wanna make sure if my purchase is done because I have a new credit card. And I have to leave to my country soon.

I am impress at how speedy the package come and how organize every thing was loving it loving it my mom is so happy with her new phone

I travel outside the country a lot and prefer buying unlocked phones that I can continue using during my travels. I like this phone and wanted to buy a manufacturer unlocked version of the phone. After reading a mixed bag of customer purchase experiences, I decided to pay slightly extra to buy this from amazon.com as opposed to other marketplace vendors. After receiving a generic confirmation from amazon's customer support about it being truly manufacturer unlocked, I placed an order for this. Upon receiving the phone, not only was it a branded phone that had been unlocked by a third-party, it also seemed to have poor shipping packaging, causing its screen to wobble. Disappointed at poor product descriptions, uninformed customer support and horrendous product packaging, I have since returned the phone.

no fucnciono es un asco malo llego muy tarde y muy malo nole funcion el pin asi que un blackberry sin pin no es nada

the phone was not unlocked. i feel like my money was stolen and that I was lied to.i work hard for my money and its a slap in the face when I unfortunately have to spend my hard earned money from thieves

I was sooo disappointed when I got this phone. I've always been a Blackberry girl but this phone is awful. It's small and uncomfortable in your hand and the typing screen is tiny. The one I bought was used. It was in mint condition. That's the only good thing I can say. It came from Blackberry Plus. I was not able to get on the internet at all so I sent it back but would have anyway. I don't recommend this phone, it did not live up to any other Blackberry phone I've ever had.

I Had my phone for about 3 weeks now and it was freaking out after a week.i s sucks bad.sorry

I purchase this product from Beast Deals and the phone should be anlocked. When i received the phone it is lock and the screen is shakey like it was refurbished. I would reccommend you not to puchase from the aboove company.

hello but a review is a consultation! this phone blackberry storm 2 who are offering is branded vodafone or verizon?? and how network works? thanks

Hola, la entrega se realizo rapida, viene con todos sus acsesorios, no le encuentro defecto alguno comparado con otros equipos nokia, htc que he tenido que en cuanto a funcionalidad este es muchisimo mejor, los colores en la pantalla son increibles y los videos se cargan rapidos desde la web, rendimiento en procesar la informacion es super rapido, la pantalla para nada es complicada para escribir, estoy satisfecho con este equipo, trabaja todas las bandas en Venezuela.

Took a great risk and bought this phone which was not warranted. I have no regrets. This phone is great, arrived on time, works great. I love this phone...

Years ago I had a blackberry storm, and it was the best phone I had ever had.  I got rid of it and checked out a few more phones over the years.  I've had a droid, iphone and bb.  I do like the iphone.  Droid not so much, but I did love the storm.  I loved how it was touch screen but you had to click the screen down in order to click.  This phone is great if you want a cheap phone but a great phone.

it is really perfect phone, i liked blackberry storm2, it works perfect, it came with extra accessories, i am going to buy one more for my sister

Great looked like new, works great. Bought it for my sister and she loves it, would recommend it to anyone, it was a good choice and really cheap.

First the phone was not a good phone it would not take pictures without a sd card......NEVER SEEN A PHONE THAT U HAD TO PRESS TO WORK NOT ON A BLACKBERRY .....THE OWNER WAS NOT NICE AT ALL IT WAS LIKE HE SAID YOU GET WHAT GOT

This is really an unlocked phone, and its GSM so its good on simple mobile, virgin mobile, etc. I've had it for 2 months now, the only thing wrong is that it takes like 2-3 seconds to turn on after pressing the power button. This blackberry is a "press-down" touchscreen so it makes a click when you use it. The phone comes with everything the screen protector, headphones with sort covers, manuals (but its all in Spanish), a little case for the phone, wall charger, USB cord and original box. This isn't a 4G phone. The phones screen is pretty small it is about an inch longer than my palm. Well I hope that helped.

Hi, please tell me detail of product purchased and received details of the product, because in it I received a BB 9550 from TIM and purchase of Vodafone, and also not receive Micro SD memory respectively 16gb as announced in the publication .

un producto de muy buena calidad util para los trabajos que se envian en archivos de word y ppt para Emails

Pros: Looks cool. Verizon version is unlockable so you can take it international or switch to T-Mobile or AT&T; (but they stink, so forget that). SurePress screen is perfect for someone such as myself who has had a hard time adapting to touch-screen technology. 3G signal is typically outstanding in NYC area where I live. Phone is reliable. I have dropped it (in an Otterbox case) dozens of time and it has yet to have any damage.Cons: Old and no 4G. Out of date OS software. SurePress screen slowly grows stiff. Not a lot of aps. No longer manufactured.Other Thoughts: My Storm2 is now 28 months old. It has taken a beating and keep on ticking. The SurePress screen has slowly grown a bit stiffer, but I just play with the adjustments to get it back to the way i want. Sometimes a hard reboot also helps. I have Verizon and did switch to T-Mobile when my contract ended, but they only give you EDGE on this phone so the slow speed and T-Mobile's lack of coverage just pushed me tight back to Verizon. I don't play games on my phone and the only web based stuff I do is checking my auctions if I am bored while waiting for the subway, so I see no reason to upgrade. WiFi and Bluetooth work a-okay here. Storm2 connects with ease to my TomTom.

I received this phone in good condition and delivery was fast. worked perfectly with Movilnet Venezuela and services were activated balcberry excellently. The only downside is that the screen is delicate and can be injured very often, not touch. sorry for this detail, as it is an excellent phone ..... the seller shipping the phone in time scheduled

Please...In the description at Amazon, it says: "In the box - Blackberry Storm 2 9550 Unlocked - Battery - Travel Charger - Data Cable - Stereo Headset - 16gb microsd", but 16gb microsd didn't come, the memory isn't in the box. Up and down of the cellular has scratch. Please your comentary.Regards

This item has no cosmetic wear or scratches in front or screen,there is a light scratch on back door.But this used BlackBerry Sorm2 9550 is in good function,all features run as is factory set.It's a good buying for me.

I like this phone. It starts right away as soon as you turn it on. Besides, I can check my email box and a few useful websites almost instantly. This is great product from Blackberry. I would recommend it to potential buyers.

I bought 2 from different sellers and they were both promptly delivered.  However,I expected to be able to hear my audio via bluetooth.The phone seem to have a speaker volume problem also.  i cannot hold conversation on the phone, I must use the bluetooth.

The phone is touch screen and its hard to actually click things on the screen.Not a good buy wish i could return or exchange it.

I recently purchase this cell phone, however i was unable to activated its services after inserting a Sim card. the phone was supposed to be unlocked however i was still unable to have use of the phone.I tried purchasing the unlocking system via the computer,but that didn't work out...I want to know if the phone legit.Can i please get another phone if the unlocking system does not work?..I like the phone but i want to be able to use it need help please.

I purchased a supposedly new BB storm 2 with out warranty only to find out after receiving it , it doesn't work properly and it was not new as it should have been because it had someone's phone number in it at the top .I'm very disappointed as I have had good relationship before this .Very disappointed customer jerry248

blackberry here in Venezuela are very practical when it comes to communicating, here are fashion, the device is a good phone, works great, shipping was very fast and very good price

I bought it to be used in Colombia because it was announced unlocked, but it was not able to be used within a data plan because of it was blocked by last owner (it was refurbish). It have been only working the voice system.

Excellent! I'm very happy!  Excellent seller! Very quick and responsible! I recommend this product! Thank you very much! Blackberry Storm 2 9550 is a awesome useful item! I love it!

i got exactly what i wanted in quick time.....  product is brand new so i may visit this review to update my opinion if any changes

It got bad in less than a year. the touch screen really sucked. You have to press like a mouse. Don't buy it.

more or less, because the package did not bring bill, did not bring the phone battery and not brought the instruction manual.

My mother let me choose my Christmas present and I decided I wanted this Blackberry Storm2. In the direct title, it reads "UNLOCKED" meaning that it will work for ALL CARRIERS. Low and behold, I order the phone assuming it would work with my T-Mobile sim card. Did it? No, it didn't. IMG Direct is where I ordered the phone from. I received a Verizon phone that is REJECTING my T-Mobile sim card, so I am left to desperately search for ways to unlock this phone- Which I should have never had to do in the first place.I would NEVER recommend anyone to buy from this listing because it CAN NOT BE TRUSTED.EDIT-I just wanted to add how absolutely outraged I am. Not only did I pay for an unlock code and unlock the phone myself, but I have spent TWO DAYS trying to get the 3G to work. The phone will NOT load more than EDGE!I am in an absolute uproar over this horrible Christmas gift, thanks to IMG Direct.

Excelente product and excelent supplier. Timely delivery. Product according to the specifications. excelent quality-price relation, easy to use. Wifi very useful Excelent camera. I strongly recommend it.

when the phone came to miami weight was 0.65 and when I received it though, and the balance within the same weight = 0.65, this shows that never shipped with the accessories (headphones and 16gb microsdthen describe what is offered by you.Technical DetailsIn the box - Unlocked Blackberry Storm 2 9550 - Battery - Travel Charger - Data Cable - Stereo Headset - 16gb microsd - Leather CaseThe seller is not responsible for the missing

The screen touch is bad. It is equally difficult to activate this phone. I can't use the phone as I speak. In fact, the phone is useless for me.ThanksElijah, B

I got my money back no problem with the seller. But everything it was supposed to do for an un lock version, it didn't Couldn't get wireless, could not get Tmobile with my sim card

The phone met my expectations in every way. It worked straight out of the box once the sim card was inserted.  It could have been a little cheaper.

Quality is poor, as was the functionality. So sorry I bought it.My husband wanted one, but was very disappointedKhz_Bs

i love this phone.  this is my first ever time owning a blackberry and i like how it is unlocked so i can use any kind of carriers

After experiencing problems with the original Blackberry Storm, Verizon eventually upgraded me to the Storm 2.  I have to say that, for the most part, I have been satisfied with this phone.  The touchscreen keyboard is only functional for me when it is in the wider landscape mode.  When I try to type in the portrait mode, my fingers cannot hit the correct keys simply from the standpoint of spacing.  The keys are just too close together.  The one issue I experience consistently is when I try to hit the "a" button I instead get a "q" which I do find frustrating.  From the standpoint of overall ease of use, this phone is pretty simple to operate.  A good number of apps are available including internet based radio from Slacker, Pandora, and i-Heart radio.  You can use an aux cable to connect the phone to your car's radio and play these stations through your sound system.  The calendar function, contacts, and e-mail all work extremely well on this phone.  Occasionally, the phone does freeze which requires a soft reset by removing the battery.  For whatever reason, these issues seem to have been minimized over the past six months or so.  After a somewhat rough start with the Storm line of phones, I would now have to say that I do enjoy the Storm 2.June '11:  As an update, I continue to use the Storm 2 and it has now been better than a year.  Like most Blackberry devices, it does a wonderful job with e-mail.  If you have multiple e-mail accounts, it is simple to add each to your phone.  This in itself has made my life much easier.  From the standpoint of downloading free apps, I have recently experienced difficulty with two new apps.  In short, after downloading each, my phone gets stuck on the agreement screen where you have to check the box.  I solved this problem by deleting the apps.  My guess is that one of the Blackberry updates does not work well with these apps or I have a conflict with an old one.  Like anything Blackberry, I do find that these devices are simply not very intuitive.  Instead, you almost have to think in a Blackberry sort of way and I do find that frustrating.  For example, if you would like to make a simple change to your phone's settings, you really have to spend a few minutes playing around with the Options menu to figure out how to do this.  With all of this said, sometime next year I do plan to switch to a new phone and it probably won't be a Blackberry.

I choose this rating because the phone has lots of features, but more instructions on how to use the phone should be provided.  I will recommend this phone to anyone.

The Blackberry Storm2 is a good phone but it was not unlocked which it said it was.  Also, it was a Verizon phone which again it did not state.

very good team, in excellent condition, easy handling, everything perfect until now, like new and works great,I loved it, very good

Hii grab this phone to only try black berry phone and it was disappointing the phone was locked and the battery last only 6-7 hours and i hate the touch screen >> never purchase BB phone again.

BUenas Tardes. Recibi el Blackberry Storn 9550 en excelentes condiciones. Gracias a el Vendedor BLUTEKUSA por su atento y estupendo envio.el equipo llego en muy buenas condiciones nuevo con sus accesorios basicos. Funciona perfectamente.Estare en contacto nuevamente con Uds para mi proxima compra. Gracias a AMAZON y todo su equipo por ese importante servicio de compra y envio on line.Saludos desde Caracas a todos.Mil Gracias Amigos.

THE SCREEN FREEZES WHEN THE WEATHER IS TOO HOT OR TOO COLD. I HAVE TO TURN IT OFF COMPLETELY OR TAKE THE BATTERY OUT.I GIVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE IT IS A FUN PHONE, I ENJOYED IT WHEN IT WAS WORKING.

Its a pretty good phone, unlocked, but:a. WEAK BATTERY, charge every 8 hoursb. ACTIVATION REQUIRED 24/7 ON YOUR FACEc. 16GB Memory card missing.

it was entire open, need another operation to get it to adjust to our system here in Jamaica. Otherwise it was ok

The greatest thing about this phone is the suretype.It is sad that blackberry has done away with probably best ever typing feature called suretypeople.Can never go wrong.the words come upvlike magic.The call quality is good and the email set up awesome.It is impossible to beat blackberry as a communication phone.Great stuff.

the phone is as described as it is in very good condition new package and the only thing wrong is no q headphones USB cable and the phone just in order   funciona bien con digitel :)

i bought this phone and when it came home its not turning on don't know whats wrong with it!!! i want my money back.

As a PDA (personal digital assistant), you like that you can store files and documents, access spreadsheets and work on these same spreadsheets as well. It holds a vast volume of contacts. Games and movies can be played on this particular PDA. Instant access to the internet is convenient and easy to use for someone always on the go. You can set up instant messaging on your phone, which is great for quick communication, and can sometimes be better and faster than texting. You can set up several personal email accounts on your phone and receive your emails through your phone, rather than having to access the internet constantly. The touch screen makes it easy to use, but sometimes difficult, because the touch screen features have a tendency to freeze up and letters and tabs are sometimes close together. RIM (research in motion) is constantly looking for smarter and faster technology. Picture quality is fairly good and takes good pictures; zooming in and out is easy to use. The video quality is fairly good. Internal storage is good, and the external storage can be upgraded to 16 gigabytes, maybe more. You can set up to have your PDA do visual voicemails, which means you no longer have to call in to your server to access them. And you can also set up voice commands. Overall, this phone is a good PDA to have.

horrible product even after open the box it did not work the screen with frozen. If I could do it all over again I would not. The worst purchase ever

Its older then I thought.  Its too old for what I need and require but I will use it to the end of my contract.

The biggest drawback to this phone or any not from the original network is its limited capabilities. This phone is limited to 2G due to it being a VERIZON phone. The seller fails to mention that and its a major point to leave out of the description! I contacted them and as is becoming the norm,they acted as if they did no wrong! They did however apologize and offer a refund,it does nothing for the time I have lost and the utter headache of it all!

problem battery gets finished quick needs to be charged most of the timeBlackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Blackstill learnig how to operate this item

Excellent, works without blemish, and brought all accessories... good product, I recommend it brought all their accessories and works perfectly .... the only thing that does not work here in Venezuela with Movistar Network

THE FIRST TIME I BOUGHT A BB FROM HERE I WAS GLAD LIKE GOING TO HEAVEN BUT WHEN IT ARRIVED HOME MY HEAVEN TURN TO HELL IT WAS  A BOLD 9000 WHITE COLOR IT COULD NOT EVEN GET FULLY CHARGED WHEN I PLUGGED IT TO THE SOCKED IT STAYS RED TILL MORNING AND WHENEVER I TRY TO SWITCH ON THE WIFI, THE DEVICE THEN TURNS OFF BY IT SELF TILL NOW. SO AM NOW BUYING A NEW BLACKB STORM 9550 AND I HOPE I WONT GIVE ME THE SAME PROBLEM BECAUSE IF SO I WILL THEN SEND IT BACK SAME DAY AND I WILL STOP SHOPPING AROUND HERE..

Gracias por todo... muy amables y cordiales. los llevare en el alma y en el corazon... todo excelente y rapido... cortes y gentiles.. sin mas que hacer referencias me despido cordialmente... y por favor en navidad envienme un regalo totalmente gratis...

sin comentarios excelente vendedor todo a tiempo buenisimo gracias amazon todo justo a tiempo excelente gracias por todo!!!!! gracias gracias

The phone looks fine.Blackberry makes it too heavy and hard to text. you have to press the letter so you can type.Also, the phone restarts by itself sometimes.

Fantastic phone is top of the line and I love it.  I use a stylus pen with. Itto get better typing results

so excited when I got this phone. can wait to use it.easy to follow the instruction and look very nice. only a couple of mistake on texting but its okey.nothing medjor.just a little bit hard in the beggining but now its easy . I thing I'll keeping this phone for long time.and I very satisfied with the service that I got from AMAZON when I order it n first time I order online.

The phone is lovely, everything you want in a smartphone. It's fairly easy to use if you are transitioning from another make of phone. I love it.

Muy buen servicio y el producto esta acorde a lo esperado. Lleg&oacute; bien empacado, funcionando muy bien, tal como lo indicaban en la descripci&oacute;n del producto.

unlock the blackberry storm is GSM or CDMA technology?THANKSBlackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black

I have had the Blackberry Pearl for the past two years and wanted to upgrade without getting too complex !The Storm 2 is exactly what I wanted with nice features yet not too complicated for me to get used to !

hubo una muy buena atencion, excelente envio del producto el mismo esta en muy buena condiciones y funciona perfectamente, Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, Wi-Fi, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black

This cell Phone is a piece of garbage, doesn't work informaci&oacute;n 2g and also they said is New but is refrubisched

This hunk of junk stopped working not even a week after I received it.  And some of the features were not accessible.

First of all, for a long time blackberry user coming from a hardware keyboard to a touch screen, I find it miserable dealing with blackberry storm 2 touch screen keyboard.  My confident level of typing correct words is lower than 50%.  I own a ipad, tried iphone, no comparison there.  RIM, this is something that really needs to be improved on.Orientation response is also slow, Pinch and swipe are slow too.  It makes me feel like I'm using a 386 PC or a 56K dial up if you know what i meant.  Picture rendering is also slow.Overall, a thumb down.

I was so dissapointed the unit is locked to verizon, I would appreciate if they will help me unlock the unit...

I ordered a Blackberry Storm 2 "unlocked" phone as a gift for my wife.After opening the box to inspect the phone I discovered a Storm 2 with Verizon logos all over it and a Verizon SIM card...not an unlocked phone as advertised...total waste of money and time,could not use phone, will have to return it.

I bought the Storm2 through Amazon, after reading some of the earlier reviews I was a bit skeptical of how the purchase would go but I decided to bite the bullet. The shipment came in earlier than I anticipated and the phone came in original package. The phone had some minor scratches on the back but it is in great condition. I initially had some problems using the phone outside of the US but the phone seems to have steadied a bit. I would recommend using this seller to anyone.

Works in perfect condition! Have no problems with it. The battery came dead and was a bit worried in the beginning because it took very long to charge. I would recommend this to you if you're thinking about buying a refurbished BB.

product arived right on time was in exclent condishion phone was unlocked as stated and it works great i love my new blackberry i would def recomend this seller thanks again for the great service.

I bought one and it came just as described, it worked fine and arrived in timeIf you are buying one this is it!!!

Yo vivo en Venezuela y compr&eacute; este celular para ser usado con Movistar no tuve ningun problema el producto lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado y al llegar a Venezuela s&oacute;lo le puse el chip de movistar y funcion&oacute; perfectamente. Esta desbloqueado.

I receive the phone late first of all it was delivered a week after it said that it was delivered. Upon using it I am having problem using it with my phone company since it is a CDMA phone that wasn't properly unlocked and still have the number attached to it

I bought this for a friend as a gift and he reported to me that the screen shakes.  This has nothing to do with the seller though.  I think it is the manufacture's fault.  But overall, it was okay and it works fine.  Was delivered as scheduled and was complete in the package with extra cord for international use.

Every thing was sent to me except the 16 GB Micro SD card. Other than that, the phone came unlocked and ready to be use.  I will update if I have any problems and for now I would buy from this seller again.Update Feb. 7, 2012I have had no problems with the phone or updates.  Happy with purchase.

Works great.... Since I have had it, I have been able to enjoy talking, testing and music. I would recommend this product..

soy de Venezuela el articulo me llego a tiempo a mi destino excelente y funciona con todas las telefonias de venezuela, movilnet, movistar, digitel

Suppously it come in an original box and with handsfree and data cable, and it doesnt come with it. I will wait for your answer.

Got this phone delivered in 3 days, it looks brand new and is working great,......now about 10 friends want to get it so 10 more to buy

I used the phone for only about a month and now it has shut off and won't turn back on. I have looked at Blackberry support and it looks like there is nothing that can help. It is just a dead phone. Thanks a lot.

la empresa que realiza el traslado a mi pais me exige la factura comercial para poder tramitar la entrega de mi orden me indican los pasos a seguir para recibirla gracias

I live in the Caribbean an i bought the phone and it works excellent no problem connecting to my network.

hi ima bout to buy this product but i have a question does it have gsm or it is cmda ??

Bought this item from OEM shop only because the condition was new. I got the order really early which was a good thing and at a first glance the phone was immaculate; very clean and no scratches. On closer inspection however you will notice a sticker in the battery compartment that says re-manufactured. The screen is also really stiff and unresponsive. i know how the screen is supposed to feel as i owned a 9550 before but had it stolen; this screen definitely feels defective. DO NOT BUY THIS. not because it is re-manufactured but just because it doesn't feel right.

saludos estos celulares , de los cuales compre 02 son refacturados y los venden como nuevos , la caja no es original blacberry y vienen con problemas de adecuacion para venezuela , hay que mandarlos a servicio tecnico para poder activarlos , es mas uno de ellos trajo una sim card de verizone , que me imagino que era de alguien ...que verguenza  .....

Excelente producto! muy agradecida por la venta del producto, gracias por responder a mi compra! 100 % muy satis fecha

. ME INFORMO UPS QUE EL PRODUCTO FUE ENVIADO A OTRA DIRRECION Y REQUIEREN QUE MI REMITENTE SE PONGA EN CONTACTO CON ELLOS

Compre este BB sinceramente con el temor que fuera reconstruido, ya que lei todos los comentarios antes de pedirlo, y la verdad que es un producto nuevo, totalmente desbloqueado, que aqui en Venezuela me funciono inmediatamente, ojo, el vendedor debe ser amazon.

What a lousy phone! It took me two hours just to get my sim card to work. Every time I tried to type something in, it went to the wrong line or inserted the wrong letter. I'm not a big fan of the menus either. It took forever to find what I wanted.

The problem of this phone that some basic functionalities are really missing. When you pick up a cal the phone does not lock and therefore if you pressed more with the screen it keeps disconnecting the call. Also there is not option to connect data service from Wifi, you have to open it from network option. So if the internet discontinued, it will start calculating from your balance if the service directly connects to data service. Really bad

This phone shuts down by itself then i have to take the battery out to start it the wifi never work there is no fix for that nwould no recommend to no one

I chose that rating because thats not what i wanted and i asked technical team to give me something that will work full functions but no its a double GSM and CDMA which doenst work well in my country. Sellers be more specific when putting your products rather use return policy its pathetic because not everyone is in the USA. Consider others too who aren't covered an example myself. Just returning it would cost me double. Lets be fair when selling.

After three weeks, I began to have problems with the phone. Screen turns off without reason and after it does not want to turn on. Many times I am writting a text or looking for a contact and... i don t have more phone. Remember, keyboard is in screen too... It is a nightmare...

I hate this product because it was substandard with some factory fault.  Always freezing and hanging. I bought it last year and when i discovered the fault with the phone, I had to stop using it and cannot remember what happened to it again.  The black berry bold 5 touch i bought two years ago is still working well.

i bought this phone recently as an upgrade from my bold 9000, it came brand new and unlocked which is great, but the device is glitchy i have to keep restarting the phone at least 2twice or more in a day and it freezes on me. i'd just say its better to jus pay those rediculous prices for a new working phone then to be cheap like me and pay for crap...

Great phone and I have absolutely no regrets bout the purchase.received the item in time with al the extras including the 16Gb mem card.awesome.touch screen took some getting used2 bt its cool and easy to use.big plus is the huge screen.makes surfing the net awesome.4me would b a perfect storm if nt for 2drawbacks.1.battery life is terrible and it bearly lasts a day despite a whole nights charging.2.the blackberry pin was stil locked to verizon despite the phone being unlocked.I'm using the handset in africa,zambia.that blackberry pin being verizon locked meant I couldn't subscribe to blackberry service til I went through the week long hassle of contacting verizon and rim to get the pin releasd.cals to thdm usa from zambia weren't cheap.in the end tho,al worked out wel.awesome phone.great buy.chi(tm)

El equipo se lo recibi&oacute; seg&uacute;n lo indicado, funcion&oacute; perfectamente la primera semana y despues se da&ntilde;o el display, el cambio de esa parte cuesta lo mismo que me cost&oacute; el celular, muy mala adquisi&oacute;n

This phone self called its previous owner 3 times!!!  Also the previous owner's phone number is still listed at the top of my screen, as if it is MY number.  They should clear out ALL info back to factory default, BEFORE they resell the phones!!!  I would not like MY info to still be in the phone when they try to resell it to someone else!!!  Would you? It keeps disconnecting me if the phone touches my ear or my head, and makes a horrible noise when it does!!!  The #6 key is hard to get to work as is the #3 key.  After spending ALL day putting in my address book info, then it would only let me call the numbers that I had put in my address book!  So in order to call any number, I had to put it in my address book.  Then . . .well I won't waste your time, but suffice to say that was just the beginnings of many problems with this phone.  It does, however, have the potential to be a really GREAT phone - but, it needs more developement first, before they place it on the market.  The seller, was very easy to deal with - SO FAR, they seemed to know it had a LOT of issues, though, because when I tried to tell them, they kept saying, "I know, I know."

I really like the phone, but after a while the touch does not work. It locks you out but you get a good amount of time  before that usually happens about a year or so, by then you would be thinking about getting another phone anyway.

The phone had all the texts, call history of the previous owner and I cannot delete history . recommend information be taken out before shipping to customers.

It is very nice phone, and it looks fairly new as promised. It was also delivered very quickly, the next day to be exact, which is particularly astonishing since I ordered it the week before the Winter Holidays. The only complaint I have, which is a minor one, is that on the box that the phone came in, its said that the contents include a 8GB memory card, pre-installed, yet there is no memory card to be found. Therefore their rating of 5 stars, was reduced to 4.

Let me say that for a refurbished phone, it looks new, some dust in ports, but no scratches or scuffs. There was no data cable. There was the phone and battery, the charger and a user booklet.Though it will take a sim other than Verizon's, it registers my handset on their wireless network as priority. Dunno why that is.All in all I have no issues with purchase. I got my phone and it works.

On the surface, this appeared to be just what I was looking for but the keyboard was very hard to work with and the case would not close securely. This item was returned.

I purchased this as new to replace my BB on verizon and wanted to be cost effective.1. box was generic, the USB cord was wrong. Oh Well.2. It appeared to be new but the manual was for a blackberry and not a specific model - not helpful.3. I did not come with any memory card either. Oh well -again.4. The phone itself appeared to be new, I called verizon and after some troubleshooting to get Email to work it performed adequately.5.  It is a nice phone and feel it was worth what I paid...sort of. Compared to buying a new one from verizon (449$) I saved some money. If it breaks its going in the garbage and I ll buy a different brand and or model.  I dont want to have to be in a 2 yr contract so this phone was a compromise.Overall- check the compatibility with the carrier you will be using as mine actually had the verizon logo on it.I would luke warmly recomend this. Cheers.

Bad product. It took 6 months to have it as a brick. The phone stopped working, has the led flashing everytime. I will never buy again a blackberry product. They have slow processor, problems with the app world. The only good feature is the BB PIN, but it just don't worth the whole phone. Is way better that you get another phone or if you really like blackberry, then get a blackberry phone with the 7 OS

This blackberry is not so good, the screen is not easy to use and gets a little slow after a while.

I am satisfied, I bought my blackberry, RES Imports sent it to my country in a few days and right now I am enjoying it in perfect state. This review is being written from the same blackberry device. Everything quick, everything working.Thanks RES Imports.Thanks Amazon!

I have been fairly satisfied with this phone. The touchscreen keyboard is frustrating at times, occasionally it doesn't respond when touched. but seems better more recently. This particular phone is easy to understand and use. Blackberry offers many apps. you can add-on including ones directly from the internet ie: Pandora, Slacker etc. You can use an aux cable to connect the phone to your car's radio and play these stations through your sound system. The memory is adequate for this Blackberry and you can add a memory card if needed. The calendar function, contacts, and e-mail all work extremely well on this phone. Occasionally, the phone does freeze which requires a soft reset by removing the battery. I would certainly recommend this Blackberry to anyone looking for a all purpose phone. The touchscreen seems to be improving somewhat with the Storm 2.

I am very happy with the product. I received the product in a timely fashion (got delivered in exactly 3 days). and the phone was in very good condition like new. Usually when you order an unlocked phone there's some minor scratches and what not but this phone is like new. The only reason I gave this only 4 stars is because I received the wrong battery cover to the phone. I am hoping the seller will send me the battery cover soon. Till then I will stay with the 4 stars.

I don't know what do me. I ordered Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked Phone ,but received Blackberry Storm2 9550  Verizon. I live in Russia and we have  GSM format. With my sim card require  Activation Required. Will be returns. It's a shame, I very waited  in this phone. Bought BLUTEKUSA.

It has very nice features and is a very good phone. However it is difficult to use because of the touch screen keyboard. It also freezes  up some times.

I bought what was supposed to be an unlocked blackberry storm 2 from Mojos Closet. When the phone arrived and on inspection the phone was not new, it had a verison number and was defective and no manual. I spent over $400 USD and I am without a proper phone. This was my worst experience and I intend to take this matter to Amazon for a resolution. I contacted Mojos Closet all I received was a rude and disrespectful feedback. I will not recommend Mojos Closet ever again if this is the service granted.

the screan it 's a little bit treaky at the beguining. It's a realy good phone, whith a excelent camera. the shipping arrived on time!

had this phone  little over a year now and still works fine freezes up now and again but overall it works great no problems.

For a phone with no warranty, I've sure had me some fun. It's still working great and I dont intend to part with it any time soon. Well maybe to upgrade it but it has indeed served its purpose and was worth every dollar spent! One of the best birthday gifts ever.

el envio fue rapido y lo que especificaba la venta, lo recomiendo buen vendedor estoy conforme con la compra, gracias
