
The machine hasn't failed me and by the way things are looking, I dont think it will. It works like its supposed. I found everything on it intact. I'm satisfied.

I purchased Google Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown) on 19March2012.  Contacted HTC when I noticed that box was open, and charger was not for the U.S. and that someone had added an adapter for U.S.  HTC informed me that my IMEI number matched a U.K. phone, and that any U.S. warranty expired 11April2012.  Contacted UnlockedCellPhoneKings and was told that "We have a 90 day warranty covering any manufacturer defects or problems with the device.  The listing never advertised a 1 year manufacturer warranty.  Amazon actually creates the listings themselves so they are fully aware of it. Everything is posted accurately."  This is certainly not the expectation of any reasonable person who purchases a "new" electronic device.  They did offer to refund, but this is a token gesture to placate an angry individual that has been scammed.  Shame on Amazon and shame on UnlockedCellPhoneKings.  It seems Amazon has joined the race to the bottom and will soon exceed the expectations of users of EBay and Craiglist that they will be cheated.

The Nexus One's that I've found on Amazon are often more than $100 more than buying it from Google.  WTF?!?

Espectacular ! Very Good Product. Enjoy from the first day i have it. This is a gift to my son. He is very happy with it. It came in 100% aspect. Look like new.

This is my first review on Amazon, because other purchases before are pretty good to me.And it is just a reminder to someone interested in this product, maybe not each one looks like this.I don't have this brand of cell phone before, so I am not sure if it is true. First, it came without plastic seal'and had some black or gray trace on the out packing both front and back(not the AMAZON delivery package but the cell box). Second, I notice the version of Android is 2.2 but with the app2sd application, which I believe is not belong to the original android system. Also it can't update to 2.3.4 through OTA, just said something like your system is up to the latest version while 2.3.4 came out like a month ago...Later, I tried so hard to manually update the system to 2.3.4(after I refresh the 2.2 Rom from Google mirror image) and some applications like Amazon mp3 finally showed up.So whether it is not brand new or just not the US version, I don't know which one is the truth.Besides that everything seems fine, so I decide to keep it until some other problems showed up.Update: call HTC with IMEI, Canadian version confirmed.Update on 06/30/2011: call HTC for warranty.Since it's a Canadian version, no US warranty from HTC. If something happened, should contact Canadian distributors.Tragedy ...I also want to know the seller claimed US warranty, where it came from...

I definitely love this phone.I used to be a hardcore Nokia fan, and I owned an iTouch for two years. If people complain about iPhone because of at&t; 3G connections and the rate plan, then in my case I don't have those problems. No matter what, even if Nexus 1 is NOT a phone (imagine it's an Android version of iTouch), it's still way more better.Months ago, my Nokia E71 began to shatter apart. I searched online for an unlocked phone, and I first considered iPhone. But the price is a joke for factory-unlocked ones. Yes I know. I can jail break them, but after the huge disappointment from E71's shattering,unsteady UI,I feel very uneasy about this idea.I cross iPhone off my list.Nokia, definitely NO. After using Nokia for a whole decade, for the first time, I felt betrayed. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. E71 would reboot automatically, anytime, in any situation. It would reboot in the middle of a phone call, or when I press any button, when I searched for contacts......I constantly had to take out the battery, or even reset the phone every several weeks. One day it completely stopped working.I'm not interested in Windows Mobile either. I used a WM phone several years ago, and it was not a good experience.As for Palm, I don't have many good options with unlocked ones. I need a GSM phone to use it in Asia or Europe, which means that I can't purchase from Sprint or Verizon and unlock them later.Blackberry? I'm definitely not a professional.I don't want to purchase the BB data plan, if wifi is available everywhere on campus.I'd use just BB as a PHONE, making calls and sending SMS, for $500. Definitely not worth it.Then I looked into Android.I thought it was cool, because I used Google products a lot. I heard really nice comments from people who purchase Motorola Droid,but Droid is on Verizon (I need GSM phones). There's an unlocked version, but I think it's over-priced. It looks too serious to me, and the processor is not the fastest. Besides, even if Google releases the newest Android, you have to wait for Motorola to update its own UI, which may take weeks, or even months.So I choose Nexus 1. Now I feel really really happy for my right decision.Sometimes you'd never feel you are losing something, unless you're offered another option. That's exactly how I feel right now.I used my iTouch happily for two years. Since I'm a college student and free Wifi is offered everywhere on campus, I use my iTouch not only as a music player. I download music and movies, I play games, I surf online for news and everything else, I check my emails every thirty minutes, I check temperature and Google maps all the time, I log in facebook and twitter constantly, I use Skype to make international calls, and I shop and sell. I thought it was almost perfect, even if apps would shut down automatically when running, and battery drained away fast. However, my feelings changed.When I first tried to log into a website two years ago, I was surprised that Flash is not supported. But it seemed okay then, because iTouch exceeded my expectation already. I thought, maybe Apple needed some time to make it better. One year later, when I purchased 3.0 version OS, and found out still no Flash, I began to feel irritated. But again I didn't totally lose my hope. My respect for Apple remained based on my good experience with all its products...I like my iPod mini,video,two classics,nano,shuttle(1 gen, 2 gen, 3 gen, 4 gen)and iTouch. Early this year, Steve Jobs announced that OS 4.0 is on the way, and people began to wonder, is it possible that SJ finally agrees to work with Adobe?Are you kidding me?Days ago, Apple not only announced that Flash is still not available for OS4.0, but also forbids all its app developers from writing app programs using Flash. Developers can only use languages approved by Apple. Isn't that ridiculous?! Apple may have some unhappiness with Adobe, but we customers suffer and we pay. I don't like big brother making unreasonable decisions for me and ignore my protest. Not at all.Here goes cool things about N1.Android is an open-source platform, meaning little limitation on developers from google's part. This may attract attack from some people, like those who worry about virus and malevolent apps. But you can avoid them by reading comments before downloading apps, and stay alert(you can use safari to access porn as well Steve Jobs!!!). Iphone users may claim that their phones don't have to worry about those problems at all because Apple takes care of them beforehand. Well, that literally means iphone users are also deprived of freedom plus the rights to make decisions about what is right and what is wrong. Nothing to feel proud of. Then iphone users may sniff at this "freedom"---What's the use of it? We already have everything.Oh you are so wrong.1.Let's say you want to read some news. But if you are a person like me who want to hear different views on the same matter and generally feel interested in US, world, politics, economics, business, entertainment and sports, you might end up with ten apps: new york times, cnn, washington post, time, business week, yahoo news, wall street journal, bing, usa today, to name a few. You may also pay extra money to get better coverage. But with N1, there's an auto-refresh NEWS gadget on the screen. When you touch the headline, you will enter an app where all kinds of topics from various sources appear. I was thrilled when I found this out.Together with this gadget, you will get info on live weather. You don't need to download weather apps. It's already there. Drag it anywhere you want.2.Wallpaper is lovely.I'm using the live grass wallpaper. When I realized that the background sky darkened at night and became bright blue again during daytime, all I could manage was a big "wow".If you want to save battery, you can use pictures taken by the camera or saved on your phone. You can pick up whatever you want, and change whenever you feel bored.3.Language!When I bought E71, I was so angry to find out that Chinese was not supported on a smartphone, because "it's US version.We are sorry about not being able to provide further assistance". Web pages therefore would not display Chinese characters, nor would Korean, Japanese, Arabic, blabalblablabla. Is such a phone still "smart" and worth more than $300? Nokia simply refuses to provide further assistance because it's a US version! I guess it would be a perfect world for Nokia and other BIG manufacturers, if people on this planet speak only English, read only English,need only English, and cherish only English.I like iphone in terms of the language support. I don't need extra apps (nor would Apple allow you to, I guess :))to show and input those languages mentioned above. BUT,at least in the case of Chinese, Apple sucks. It's the worst input method I've ever used.Slow,outdated,unresponsive.For N1, you have no problem with displaying contents in multiple languages. Even though N1 doesn't support, for instance, simplified Chinese IME right out of the box, you can just go to Android Market, and download Google pinyin or Sogou, which are awesome IMEs being used on PCs and Macs. You can sinc those apps from time to time when new phrases come out.4.Voice support: if you get tired of using touch screen to write SMS, or you don't have spare hands while driving/walking/shopping, you can "speak" your messages. You can also speak your directions and drive home.I haven't tried the latter yet since I don't have a car, but speaking SMS works great, as long as you speak clearly and use little abbreviation.5.Camera is 5MP,quality is good. I didn't have an iPhone (itouch has no camera), so I have no idea about how iphone works. But I don't expect amazing photos from a phone camera right from the start. I think this camera is fair enough for facebook and random pics.6.Calendar on desktop! When I downgraded my laptop from windows vista to xp, the only things that I missed about vista are sticky note, desktop clock and calendar. Now, I have the freedom to customize my cell phone "desktops". I add a gadget on one screen with updated daily schedule,a gadget with to-do-list,and another gadget with random notes of reminder. I toss away my thick planner, finally. For iphone, I find those to-do-list apps are really awkward to use. They are way too complicated. All I want is a simple piece of note, so that I can write what I plan to do each day. ALSO I WANT MY NOTE RIGHT THERE WHEN I USE MY PHONE INSTEAD OF FLIPPING THOROUGH DOZENS OF APPS AND THEN OPEN THE RIGHT ONE.7.I don't like the fact that I can't easily export my music from my ipods after purchasing them from iTunes. With N1, I can transfer music to and from a SD card, which is expandable to 36GB. (Right now, Google has problem with Android 2.1 recognizing 32GB microSDHC, but they are working on it already)4GB card is included in the original phone, you can buy extra ones if you need more space, in contrast to iphone, what you buy is what you get and if you want bigger space you have to buy a new phone.8.Battery. Yes, if you use N1 heavily, for sure you would especially when you just got the phone and found it amazing, but aha you can have multiple batteries and exchange the drained one with a charged one! However, with iPhone......Hopefully you see what I mean. (My iTouch is getting worse and worse in terms of battery life.I'll let it retire after I transfer all my music to the microSDHC tonight.)9.Apps are definitely enough. If you play games heavily, why not get a game console? I find pandora, online bankings, Jewels, amazon, color note, google translator, webster dictionary,fring(for yahoo and msn messenger),paypal,and multiple Chinese apps(!!!). I spent less than ten minutes to find those apps, download and install them. They work pretty good, FOR FREE. After two years of apple's app store, I'm pretty sure about what I need, and I'm able to find all of them in Android's market.10.calling and texting: calling is also a highlight of N1, because it has two microphones. One at the back of the phone that takes in all the background noise, and the regular one you'd expect on a phone. If you use N1, you get the nice feature--noise cancellation.This meets my physics geek nature right there (I'm a physics major).It's like the multiple filters I use in research and it feels so neat, at least to me. Of course, you get really good call quality, especially in noisy environments. The sound from the phone is crisp and loud. I have no problem of hearing the other end in crowded mall.11.carrier: I know many people don't quite like iphones partly because of the 3G coverage of AT&T.; I like my iTouch and I thought iphone should be that good as well, but my iphone-hater friend told me that's because "itouch is not a phone,and iphone is an at&t; phone". She got stuck with at&t; for two years and finally got herself out of that contract. She is waiting for N1 on Verizon (she's not excited about the HTC incredible, which I will explain later).12.Google family' when you purchase N1,you get more than a phone. You have access to a much better version of Gmail on a phone (almost all the functions, but you do have to adjust settings using computers, for example, multiple email accounts), Youtube, Googe doc, Picasa, Google talk(which is brilliant), Google voice (you don't even need skype anymore to make international phone calls), Google maps, Google Goggle,etc. You may have access to some of those apps on iPhones, but they are definitely much better on a Google phone, simplify for they are Google's! This excellent combination of google apps makes the experience of using N1 much much better. (If you don't use google's products a lot, it wouldn't make much difference...)13.UI update or N1.I chose GOOGLE nexus one over other htc high-end android phones that have the same hardware performance, simply because of the software.I don't think a 1gb processor,512MB RAM, 512MB ROM,AMOLED 480 x 854 pixels capacitive touchscreen would be outdated in two years(but that's my guess).Now, this hardware spec hits the top notch, and in several years most likely it is still the mainstream. (The phone is snappy)When I decided to buy N1, HTC's desire is already out there, with the everything the same plus an extra Sense (HTS's UI), which adds great things to Android. But if a new Android update is released, you have to wait for HTC to update its Sense, which becomes a major problem for some manufactures currently. Droid,N1 and several freshly released Android phones are running 2.1 version, while those models released just a couple of months ago are still running 1.5,1.6, or 2.0.However, 2.1 is a huge improvement over previous ones, for it adds multi-touch. Motorola just updated its own UI. Millions of Droid users had the 2.1 version, weeks after 2.1 was officially released. BUT, with N1,I don't need to worry about this at all. Because it's only Android, and Google is directly behind it. When Google has some new treat, N1 has it immediately, and you have it.Those are cool things about N1 I find after using it for just one day. I will keep it updated.04/25/10Update 1:After using the phone for several days and thinking over differences between itouch and N1,I'd like add several things more.Things I'd like to say first are:1.No phone is perfect.I'd say it's quite common for people who don't like iphone to say good things about 'iphone-killers', and for people who dislike android to praise iphones. Every reviewer is biased, to different extent.2.If you want every specific function one phone has on another one, that's impossible. Why not simply get that phone?3.Be patient. Patience is one of the most essential quality humans should possess. You don't like something.Okay, that's quite normal. You toss the phone away and curse the stupid Google/HTC.That's not good/productive.Why not tell them explicitly? Customer feedback is always useful.I emailed some launching errors for an app yesterday and got feedback from the product team this morning. Problem solved.And some new thoughts on nexus one:1.A lot more useful apps than I expected. For example, I found an app enabling you to take pictures using different modes. Paranoid, fish-eye,etc. A lot more fun! Also this is a good news bcoz I almost bought a pink lomo last week...Number of apps is still small compared to what apple puts in its store.Nonetheless,I believe things will get better. As far as the necessary apps, it's plenty enough, you might just got puzzled about which one to choose. But as for games, not too many options. I don't know what kind of effects Apple's decision to put up more fight with Adobe would have on developments of apps, but no matter what, I guess it's not an encouraging sign to developers, at least not so psychologically.2.Touch screen requests more patience and 'skill'. I admit at this point, itouch is more decent. It's not like N1 not being responsive, it's more like N1 not being...predictive. Sometimes things will get messed up if I use my left fingers to choose items, especially if I lie down on my back. But right finger is alright, no issue right now.BUT!!!!!!Even if it messes up sometimes, it's still better than iphone: you can't even lie down with an iphone!Iphone doesn't give you the option to turn down landscape mode, while N1 does. So I never need to worry about what kind of angle I have to keep on bed if I want to use my device.Also the addition of trackball at N1 is quite useful, after several days' of use. In some situations, trackball makes more sense, for example, if you want to scroll down pages in Android market. If you use your fingers, you might open some apps by accident, which is also quite common for apple's products. But for N1, you can just use the trackball, and it's quite convenient.The problem with touchscreen can be annoying when you try to type on bed with both fingers. But it'd be weird anyway, because it's already impossible to hold the phone. I'd suggest use your left hand to hold the phone and use right hand to type. Or just get up and support yourself.Good things about having problems with UI: your concern will be easier to solve with Android/Google. It's open source and you are using an unlocked phone with the original Android. Rumor says that Google will release Android 2.2 in May and Nexus is for sure the first phone to get the new features.3. Battery life: if you use your phone a lot, like I do in the first several days,you should get a spare battery from Google. It's $25.

I've been a Blackberry user for many, many years and since the iphone came out I had touch screen envy.  All those sexy apps!  I watched my friends pinching their browsers and swiping through contacts.  And with all that I lost sight of the main purpose for a mobile phone: to communicate.My main uses for a phone are: to make / receive call, text message, send/receive email and write notes.The Nexus is just fair at the first item, and is terrible at everything else.  If you are an old-time Blackberry user (with a physical keyboard), you will not like the Nexus.EMAILI really really tried to make this thing work for me.  I downloaded the only half-decent email client: K9, but it turned out to be open source, and in spite of many email exchanges with the authors of K9, they just didn't get it: that they could win over a large swatch of Blackberry user by simply emulating the features of the BB client.  Consolidated email, text messages and missed calls.  Who wants to use numerous separate apps to initiate a message?  The standard Android email client is pathetic.  Don't even bother.  There are so many things you take for granted on your BB that is just missing from the various clients I've tried.  Try copying and pasting some text from K9 or these other clients.  Can't be done.Polling on all the email clients seems to take up a ton of battery juice.  So I just set the polling frequency to 30 minutes on my main account and 12 hours on my little used accounts.  Polling versus push technology on the BB is just not the same.  I can go on about email deficiencies, but you get my point.TEXT MESSAGINGWith my BB I can send a text message in seconds.  With Nexus / Android it takes minutes.  Try to re-send a message. It works about 50 percent of the time.  I wanted to throw the thing out the window.  There is no simple "resend" option, amazingly.  And of course these messages do not appear along with your emails.KEYBOARDIt's just not the same experience.  I can type about 3 times faster and more accurately on the BB.  I tried for about two months.  It's truly a pathetic experience.  On the BB I can just press the shift key and get a number.  On the virtual Nexus keyboard I have to press a virtual button to  get a whole other keyboard.  Ridiculous.  So if you're mixing text and numbers as I often do, you have slowed yourself down about 25%.CAMERAColor saturation and exposure is really bad on this device compared with my new BB (I just switched back).  Also, the camera lacks certain key features like exposure lock and exposure adjustment.Sounds like I'm complaining a lot.  There's lots of cool features of Android and the Nexus.  But I tell you, when I switched back to Blackberry recently I breathed a sigh relief.

The Nexus One is the best Android phone. You don't need to wait the manufacturer's adaptations to use the latest Android release. The only disavantage is the battery duraction, if you use hardly, you battery is gone in only one and a half hour.

Phone itself is very good, but the battery life is awful. Even on standby the battery dies in less than a day

They sent me a phone i loved it but it was typing random letters and i did not have 3G or internet without wifi... when i finally sent it back they said they have minimal in stock but i see that there is a lot available.

Had to return the phone after 2 months since it stopped functioning. It took me a month to get things sorted out with google htc and amazon.

I purchased the cell phone after long time of reading about and viewing others comment and then I bought that cell phone; however someimportant notes has to be considered by any prospective buyer:1- the phone doesn't support the Arabic language while it support so many other language. Even though if you choose UNICODE for browsing, the texts will still messed.2- the cell phone came without CD or any user manual, I downloaded the software from HTC web site. My PC couldn't recognize the cell phone after all needed guidance.3- the touch screen sometimes doesn't respond as expected.I read in interenet somemony articles about how to make the cell phone recognizable and ...etc.Finally I came up with the conclusion to return the product to seller.I might be unlucky with that cell phone as many are.

UPDATED 06/13/2011 @ 9:00 AMJust made a request to return the item. WiFi issue never resolved for me. On Google's Nexus One forum, there are tons of users who have complained abt the WiFi issues. Some said it was resolved after 2.3.4 while for others, it became even more worse. My case fell in to the later category. Really really really loved the phone. I perhaps will give another try to this smartphone. So my initial verdict remained the same abt whether you want this phone or not.One more thing: The battery cover is very very hard to open and I almost gaveup thinking i wont be able to get my sim out of it[thanks i did in the end but yes it is an issue]2 more things that happened to me this weekend were:1.The phone hung once and I had to restart it2.Whenever I played Angry Birds/Fruit slice on the phone and then exit the application, the Menu starts flickering. The solution was to go to home screen, select menu, then Manage Apps and then return back to home screen. This is minor but annoying issue and I mentioned it here b/c some people are very sensitive in what they select. That was an "ignoreable" issue for me though!UPDATED 06/09/2011 @ 3:04 PMNopes, the WiFi connectivity is still extremely weak in the office on Nexus One and is "non-existing" @ home :(UPDATED 06/09/2011:Well, I managed to update to Gingerbread 2.3.3 manually and then the device made an OTA update to 2.3.4. My device came with Vodafone UK rom. My device config was as follows:Android Version:2.2Baseband Version:32.41.00.32U_5.08.00.04Kernel Version:2.6.32.9-27227-g3c98b0dhaley@m4-dev #1Build Number:2.16.405.1 CL223106 release-keysIf any one of you have this as your device configuration, then OTA updates are less likely to arrive since Vodafone is delaying it. So, to resolve this, I have to manually update it. The single link that I used to do it is:[...]After the original Gingerbread[2.3.3], the wireless problem became even more worse. However, today in the morning my device popped up a "System Update Available" message and I updated it to version 2.3.4. The WiFi managed to "hookup" at home but with very weak signals. I am right now in the office and will update the information once I went back home and see how the WiFi behaves. In the office, it's showing 2 bars and apparently haven't been disconnected yet. So, I am positive that the issue might have been resolved.ONE MORE NOTE ABOUT SELLER:I bought it from Ross Cellular [Fulfillment By Amazon] and yes the phone was "SEALED n BRAND NEW". Can't comment on any other reseller.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I have had this phone since yesterday and I really really like it the moment I opened up the package. It is sleek, modern looking and comfortable to use. However, it has 2 major issues[one of them I can ignore and one I can't] and here are they:1.Like almost every HTC device, it has poor loudspeaker quality. It's very tiny and distorted at higher level[I can still ignore this b/c i am loving this device so much]2.WiFi connectivity issue. This is the one thing that I can't overlook at all. It has a nasty habit of dropping WiFi connection and then refusing to reconnect. I tried it @ home where it kept giving me the message "network out of range". I brought it to the office today and it's still dropping the WiFi connection. When it's getting hold of it, the signal strength it shows is "poor" [Only 1 bar]I have searched the web and have found that Nexus One does have inherent WiFi connectivity issues. It was supposed that Gingerbread will resolve this issue however, my phone has 2.2 on it and System Updates is showing my phone as "up to date". So, I dont know when will I be able to get 2.3.3I did try to manually download and install it from google's official page but the installation failed with a Validation error.I have also tried some thrid party apps like WiFi Fixer etc but none of them have resolved the issue. I am keen to keep this phone but if I failed to find a solution for WiFi, I have to return it b/c I dont have data plan and WiFi is the only way I can get internet connection on this device.There is one more issue and is with battery cover which is very difficult to open but I dont count it as no one has to open back cover every day.If someone can live with above mentioned issues, then s/he will probably be more than happy with this phone.

After the horror of using the Symbian-run Nokia N97 for eight months, I finally threw it against a wall and went to Google.com to buy the Nexus One. This phone is heaven! The touch screen is very responsive; the phone is quick and the programs load and close in an instant. The latest Android update gave this phone tethering capability and an option to use the N1 as a Wi-Fi hot spot, as well as, Flash player! I won't bore everyone here by writing about the specifications of the device, as it is well mentioned in other reviews. The best feature about this phone is its Google talk app and the Navigation. The GPS is super fast in obtaining a signal, 1000% better than my horrid Nokia device.The things that need improving on the N1, but do not subtract much from its greatness, is as follows:1. The trackball: the trackball is not very functional. When typing or selecting text, the trackball is extremely inaccurate and will jump around the text no matter how dexterous I was.2. The camera: the camera's pictures are not that great even in full light, and the flash is only good for use in a flash light app.3. Apps: the Android market has a lot of apps, and the number is increasing steadily. However, there are not many QUALITY apps, like those for the iphone. Comparing social networking apps between Apple and Android and Android will lose every time, unfortunately. Android, however, does have some cool apps like navigation and 'sky', where you can see the constellations, the later is a marvelous app, but the novelty wears off quite quickly and you forget all about it.I love this phone! I am sure everyone here wants reviews that compare the N1 to the iPhone 4, however, I only have my previous Nokia N97 to compare it to in its usability. The N1 kicks ass and Nokia will never see a dime from me after their eight months of hell and terrible customer service. Thank you HTC and Google!!!! &lt;3  &lt;3 &lt;3

For its time, it was a good phone. However, technology has evolved too much for this to be a functional device in today's world.Further, the driver support that was published related to different hardware components are no longer supported.

Stay AWAY from NEXUS ONE. Phone's power button stopped working just after around 4 months of use. I paid additional 100$ for the repair but it's not of use. It cause mental pressure, loss of contacts, time, and money.I purchased the mobile on Amazon through UnlockedCellPhoneKings who claimed that mobile is still under manufacture's warranty. But, warranty expired just after 3 months of my purchase.I give 1 rating to both Nexus One and UnlockedCellPhoneKings. Sorry, I couldn't give lesser than this.

Evevething was just fine. No problem at all with the cellphone. It works perfect with wifi, 3g..... The transaction was easy and safe.

Overall nice model. It hangs once a day or so, I am not sure if it is the phone or the apps which cause issues. It it is reliable, I would have been happy. Also malware threats are disturbing.Unlocked which is great, I have used consistently in USA and India, very good coverage/reception.Navigation: Unbelievably great app, Google navigation, no one can beat. But, Nexus one gets extremely hot after using GPS for an hour or so. Even iphone gets hot, but may not be as much.Music: Google music is a savior. l crippled after using 32 Gigs on iphone 3GS. 32 Gig microSD cards still cost around $100.Camera : not goodStreaming audio goodTethering: excellent, but ATT is a pain and has plenty of issues.

When working, this is a very good phone. Unfortunately, my Google Nexus phone seems to work and then need repairs. Even without problems, it takes about a minute to power on. The problem is that every few months, the phone will not power on. For the 4th time in 3 years this has occured. This time I refuse to pay to get it reapired. RIP, Google Nexus.

For the past five years, I've been using Blackberry phones, the latest two being the Bold, but as far as I'm concerned the Nexus One I purchased from Google is my best phone experience yet.  Perfect...no, but far better than other phones I've owned.  Yes, the Blackberry has an excellent email application and is secure, but not that much better than what an Android-based phone provides.  Plus, I'm not locked-in to whatever software the vendor decides to provide; or decides to install on my phone without my saying 'yes' or 'no'.Having zoom-able text is also a big plus.  I can now easily read text, web sites, etc. without squinting at too small text and images. Also, the AMOLED screen is bright and sharp.  The phone itself is clearly high quality.  Sorry that Google decided to 'bag' their on-line store due to marketplace realities, but the phone is still available from on-line retailers (Amazon).The 1GHz processor and excellent browser options make browsing a real pleasure.  This is something that hopefully Blackberry can begin to address with their OS6.Cons: The Li-ion batter has a tendency to get hot when using too many apps and while charging, but that issue can be managed.  Also, this new generation of smartphone can really gobble the power. It requires a new set of user skills to skimp on the apps between charging sessions.While the App Market is pretty-well stocked with free and low cost applications, most of them (IMHO), aren't worth all that much. So far, 70,000 are claimed, but only a very few show high quality utility or programming skills.  But, there are enough to make it interesting, ... and it can only get better. Since the N1 came out, there have been some excellent Android smartphones released to the market. You won't go wrong in my view.

This is my second copy of this phone.  I purchased one from google and now this second one a year later.  I gave this as a gift.  I can only praise it.  I use it everyday and I also use it for developing android apps.  Its a great product.

The Nexus One (NX1) is an AMAZING piece of hardware! Great build quality, responsive capacitive screen, perfect size, great camera, and it is as fast as you can expect a non-4G, non-dual core phone to be. Perfect right?Almost.Unfortunately, the phone comes packaged with Android 2.2, not the latest version of the OS.  You would expect that since this is the original "Google Phone" that it would be easy to upgrade to the latest version.  You would be wrong.  Apparently, the kernel version on this device prevents it from doing an over the air (OTA) upgrade (ever!) and HTC claimed that the only way to update it, would be to send it in for repairs!  While the phone is fully functional with 2.2, part of the draw off the NX1 and its Android OS is the ability to quickly receive updates directly from Google.To make a long story short, I spent all day trolling the inter-webs, calling HTC (and being told that updating software on my own would void the warranty), and calling Amazon (who offered a refund, but had no information on whether all devices had the same Kernel code). The only thing that worked was following the steps that EC provided in his review.  It seems that the only way to get the device up-to-date, is to roll it back to a stock version of Android, and then allow the OTA to kick in.  Search ""goodbye vodafone uk nexus one rom" and follow steps 1-5, then wait for the OTA.OVERALL:Android Superphone at feature phone price? YEP!Is there a catch? Unfortunately...Should you buy it? *Absolutely!!!*unless you dont want to stick with Android 2.2, and are not willing/able to use workarounds to get future updates.UPDATE: After 1 month of owner ship, I still love my phone EXCEPT the touch screen is inacurate and glitch-prone. Previous reviews have indicated that the capacitive buttons above the track ball are finicky and dont register touches accurately. True. Also, my phone screen freaks out after some use and at least five times a day the phone misregisters touches, ie: touch the status bar, and it thinks you pressed an App below it, press an app, and it thinks you pressed the home key.  This is a very, very annoying problem that only seems to clear up when i lock the screen for a few seconds, and then unlock it.

I have had this lovely smartphone for nearly a year but a few weeks ago it started to fail.First the power button failed so I had to press it for several times until it turned on.Yesterday suddenly the phone died and the power button never worked again. I tried all the possible ways I found on blogs but nothing worked. So now I have a lovely expensive brick which I know its great (when it works)but saddly doesnt turn on!! I read this is a very common failure in this HTC Model (broken power button).

Google Nexus One is by far one of the best mobiles the world has ever seen.Quality used for the phone is just fantastic, looks and feels very premium. OTA updatein google is just a bliss which you cannot find in any other google phoneswhere you have to take the phone to the service centre or to your operator to update the same.i have recently updated OTA update to Froyo 2.2.2 FRG83 and im quite confident that 2.3 gingerbread updateis just round the corner, users can sit back and relax getting the update without any need to panic or togo to the operators and service centres for the same.i had purchased the phone from Unlocked fones, My Experience with Unlocked Fones was for the first time and i would rate the company to be EXCELLENT++ and i would strongly recommend anyone and everyone to buy fones from them. Not only they are prompt in their deliveries but their customer service is also very courteous and the BEST any customer could find. im totally satisfied with the product and the customer service.I have practically used almost all the phones in the market,Android OS especially after 2.1 Eclair just rocks!!! There is just no comparisons with Symbian, Windows or Mac OSphones as Android is the way towards next generation. i have upgradedthe same to maximum 32GB micro-SD and it does not make your phone slow at all.I would rate GOOGLE NEXUS ONE to be the BEST as GOOGLE has not allowed even HTC to do their own userinterface customization like other branded fones, so its just PURE feeling of Froyo.

I feel your loss if you didn't buy it from Google. I bought my first one from Google.I recently had a couple of Wi-Fi errors scare. (I bought an HTC One X but couldn't love it.)I bought another Nexus One from Fry's Electronics. The screen was bad; bright light at the bottom left-hand corner.Exchanged it for another one. The second one was flashed with an OS with Asiatic characters. (?!?)Nevertheless both of appeared to be returns/refurbished. Fry's tried to sell them as new. Fry's buyers need to be spanked.

Bought this phone almost a year ago with US warranty version. It was working fine a few months and then started to notice the touchscreen issue. When tapping on the app or icon, the wrong app will open or navigatin softkey was selected.  Typing text has become a big issue since the wrong characters were selected. After extensive search and found out that the touchscreen issue is the major problem for the nexus one. HTC and Google did not have any solution for it since this is the hardware flaw on the touchscreen itself. Only way to remedy the situation is to turn off the screen for a second and turn on again.  The screen will recalibrated and allow the selection to be made correctly after that.  However, after a period of usage, the issue will present itself again.  If I would have known that this the main issue of the handset, I would have return it right away.  Warranty would not help either since there is no fix for this issue and it will happen on every nexus one.  Same issue also found on the Nexus S.  They should have recall the product instead of keep selling the defective unit.

I've been using it for a month and I really like it. Though it's a older version of the Google HTC phones, it doesn't perform any less than other HTC phones. I've downloaded several apps and it runs smoothly. I really like this phone.If it could have a better camera everything will be perfect.

The nexus one phone is not bad, but not as good as I expected.Good side:1) seamless integration with android system.I used a few other android products, they all have small problems.The most common is bad wiki connection. However, this one has the bestintegration. No surprise, it is from Google, the father of Android.2) tons of apps and customizations. Even better than iphone.If you are looking for smart phone, this one and iphone are the answers.Bad side:1) Battery life is too short. Even if you don't use the phone,the android background process still runs and drain out the batteryvery soon. Basically I have to charge the phone every day, or twice a day.That is a pain.2) Too many buttons. Almost no manual. I have to figure out everything myself.It is ok for me since I am a smartphone guy, but not ok for grandma and grandpa.I think they can easily remove at least half of the buttons.Cautious:The price of the phone changes greatly! You can see a 20% price change within a week!That is what happens to me. So watch the price and try to catch a good deal.I would expect the price of android products drops significantly in 2011 and 2012.Good words for the seller:I got the phone, but only after 1 week, the price drop 20%. You can imagine I am so mad.The seller won't refund you as the competition is severe in amazon. But the seller is sokind that we finally work out something different. I can't complain too much now.I think the customer need to be very cautious with the price change and make your own smart move.

Easily, the biggest POS phone I've ever had. To make it worse, it was through Sprint. Can't wait to get rid of them both. My Nexxus is less than a year old, and it can't receive texts, gives me no notifications of missed calls and voicemail, and can barely make or receive a call without cutting me off. Buy this phone and I promise you, you'll be sorry. Use Sprint if you also wanna get screwed by your cell carrier.

Nice, phone, i buy it from OEM Shop, and for that price is the best phone.Update it to 2.3.4 and this phone is very, very fast.I buy it whit an otterbox and makes my phone perfect.Funciona el 3g en centro america y supongo que tambien en sur america.

I have been onto smartphones for a long time now, lately using Nokia N97, Nokia N95 before that (N73... on and on).The Nexus One is not only far better than my Nokia N97, it is IMHO opinion better than any other phone I have tried.I use it on T-Mobile. Install was as simple as popping my SIM card in and it started to work right away. Learning how to use the on screen querty keyboard took a coulple of days to get a decent accuracy.If you are a google user then you will absolutely love this phone. Before I bought the phone I was already a frequent user of Google Docs, GMail, GoogleMaps and Google Calendar. These all integrated seamlesly into my phone. The great thing is that I can do a lot of the editing on my computer too and it nicely updates on my phone. I have also started to use Google Voice and Google Listen.Setting up Pop e-mails is also easy and the application works very well.Installing apps onto the phone is a breeze. I have taken advantage of free applications for FTP, Banking, Barcode Reading, Compass, Facebook, Google Skymap, KeyRing, GPSTracking, Nimbuzz, Youtube...Wifi works great, bluetooth headset works great. GPS works. This phone does it all.The phone is very thin but it has a nice substantial feel when you hold it in your hand.I have copied mp3 files onto the phone SD card and I also take advantage of the streaming applications.This phone does it all and doesn't seem to have any hickups.

Excelente telefono multiples funciones excelente velocidad de conexion en especial con el wi-fi ademas viene con android que mas se puede pedir!

To start, I am a technology driven person that likes to have the newest and greatest tech when available, and to say that I am disappointed by this phone would be an understatement. To start this phone is RIDDLED with hardware and software problems that some days have me wanting my old iPhone back. But I digress...please read below to better understand this phone before you fall and do what I did...waste over $500 on a phone worth far less.1.) Display and Appearance (8/10)I will admit the display on this phone is amazing and it is a sexy phone. With it's 3.7" screen there is a nice amount of real estate with regards to the images and the phone. But, while it is nice to look at and spectacular for watching HD videos....the screen in the sun is not so nice. While I don't mind some glare or having to look a little harder in sunlight due to the obviousness of having the type of screen it has, it is down right impossible to see out in sunlight and as we approach summer I rarely want to pull my phone out of the pocket to use it. But I'm not going to hold that (too much)against the phone, as it is a nice and strong screen that impresses with its lush colors.Performance (3/10)This is where the phone falls right on its face. Though the android market is starting to grow at an exponential rate it can only help it so much. There are numerous issues that I have with this phone thus I will just list them:1.) Having full bars and being told that a text could not be sent2.) Constant force close by applications...INCLUDING THE ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM3.) Dropped Calls4.) Not being able to hear people or vice versa unless I take the battery out and then put it back in (with full bars as well).5.) Phone randomly deciding to reboot itself with full battery.The list truly goes on, but these problems make me not want to use the phone some days. The only reason this gets a 3 instead of a 1 is because of the multitasking capabilities, Google navigation, and its ability to sync with Google. The one thing I have a very hard time understanding is that if this phone has a 1.0 GHz Snapdragon processor, why am I looking at a frozen screen for over 5-10 seconds sometimes when I press the home button? Speaking of the buttons. The pressure sensitive buttons are very hit or miss. They sometimes work and sometimes don't, sometimes they will just go off without even touching them, which gets old...quick.Battery (4/10)While I understand that most smart phone will need to be recharged almost every day due to the amount that we use them for (internet, apps, widgets, phone, texting, etc...) I am not surprised that the battery does not last long. What I am surprised about is that I will leave my house at 10 AM to head off to meetings and need to grab my charger at 7 PM because the battery is almost dead. While I understand "OMG get an app killer program to get rid of the things in the background!" that only works so well. I have one installed and I clear all my apps almost every hour but the battery is still pretty terrible. I wish that the battery in here was worth it, but it is not.Sound Quality: (1/10 or 9/10)This phone is very touchy with regards to the sound quality. As I stated earlier there are numerous times when the other person can not hear me and I can not hear them. While at the same time, the dual mic system works amazingly well such that it allows for people to not hear any of my background noise and just me or not hear me at all and just the muffled background noises. It is very hard to say the sound quality on this because it is so hit or miss. And the sound quality of the speaker and audio; forget about it. It is muffled or very low and not worth it.Overall I give this phone a 5/10 but that is a 50% and makes this phone still a failing phone not worth the price of admission. Once the iPhone 4 launches I will be grabbing that as I can not stand this phone much longer.

I had ordered this refurbished phone on 1/Dec/12 and received it yesterday (9/Dec).Overall happy as i received the product in good condition and the phone appears brand new. The product came in a custom box with phone and accessories (usb cable [brand name : phihong] ,wall charger,a europe to US pin converter and a booklet)nevertheless the quality of the product looks very good. The phone works with my current T-mobile SIM. However i would still need to validate if it would work outside the country as its an unlocked phone but believe so, as the reviews for this vendor is very good.About the phone in general :Some known issues with Nexus one (which i knew before and was ok with it) .1. Becomes a little bit warm at the back lower panel with prolong use (about 15-20 mins of surfing i noticed this)2. This phone didn't come with SD card so i couldn't take photos/videos as an SD card is required.3. The 4 buttons (back/menu/home/search) at the lower panel may not be very responsive like the main touch screen.. you may have to keep it pressed for a sec or so.. you would be able to master this after couple of uses.

Updated on 4/30/2012: This was an excellent unlocked Android phone on ATT 3G. (This, coming from someone who foolishly purchased it directly from Google for more than $500 when it first came out). I loved loved loved this phone. Unfortunately, at twenty months it began to randomly go into a reboot loop, and become very warm at the bottom under the battery door. HTC support recommended exporting my contacts and then a factory reboot. Did that, without re-installing any of my apps, and the random reboot loops and overheating continued. The phone was undependable/unusable and out of warranty. The expense of sending it back to HTC and being without a phone for an undetermined time period was enough to make me decide to pull the SIM card and purchase another new unlocked phone (the Samsung Nexus S, which is even better than the Google Nexus One).Of course, your mileage may vary.

LOVE my Nexus one! I bought mine from Google when I was able to get it inscribed, and I like that.  You'll love all the customizing options, the bright screen display, the google maps and navigation, and the ease of use.  I don't even have a 3G plan with T-mobile, I just use the Wifi wherever I can pick it up.  My husband has this phone too, and he has 3G.  This phone allows you to tether, so he turns that on, and I pick up Wifi from his tether!  Save ourselves 30 bucks a month from buying 3G.  Now I know you are saying, Are you and your husband really together all the time? No, but when we are it's convenient, and there are lots of places out there with free Wifi, or just even where I can log on, like my own house, my parent's or a friend's house.

I got an unlocked phone directly from Google, and think this phone is just plain awesome.Display is incredible, offering very crisp graphics and renders photos with lots of detail.  The camera is very good, but only with sufficient ambient light.  The flash helps at time, but in limited scenarios.  Battery life is enough to last a day (I keep Bluetooth off) - although if you use the GPS the battery will drain quickly.  But one of the best things I like about it is that it is a good phone too - the microphone on the back of the phone works to cancel the background noise, and this helps a lot.Key apps that I use?Google Maps, Google Voice, Handcent (instead of default messaging app), Dolphin Browser (instead of default browser), Kindle, Newsrob, Evernote, Astrid Tasks, Gmail, TripIt, Mint, Discover, Scottrade, and Chess.  I do have others, but I use these very frequently.  I have yet to be disappointed when searching for an app, so the fact that there are more apps on other stores is of no consequence to me.  I am glad Amazon started offering apps too!Why choose this over an iPhone?I often get asked why I chose this over an iPhone.  My two main reasons are that 1) I use more Google services than I do Apple services (though I adore my MacBook Air), and the Google services are better integrated into the Android platform, and 2) this is just a better phone than the iPhone in terms of call quality.What would I improve on the Nexus One?It has a useless trackball that I only use when the keyboard often gets into a weird state (I notice that this usually happens after a long period of no restart, and when the AC charger is plugged in).  It does provide a nice notification light, that indicates which app is sending a notification, but that can be provided in something better than a trackball.I would also improve the speakerphone - it is pretty weak.  Both Youtube and Google Voice suffer because of the poor speakerphone quality.Overall, love the phone and don't expect to upgrade anytime soon.  The only reason I may be forced to do so is because I have a lot of apps and they tend to take up space that I cannot easily move to the SD card.  You will enjoy this phone!

Phone works well -- purchased from blu tek, and arrived with froyo 2.2, with no available updates.  As did others who have written detailed reviews (ie, Syed M Fahad), I had to manually install a different version.  It arrived with "Build Number: 2.16.405.1 CL223106 release-keys", but in order to get over the air updates, I had to get it to "Build Number: FRG33".  Once that was successful, the OTA update for 2.3.4 arrived.  To get detailed instructions, search for "goodbye vodafone uk nexus one rom".  I used Upgrade Process steps 1-5, and then the OTA came automatically.

This phone came out in Jan 2010, and it's still selling well thanks to a solid design and being well-supported (mine updated to Gingerbread 2.3.4 immediately as soon I powered it on). AFter all, this is/was the 'Google Phone.'No real complaints overall, the phone's snappy and does everything I'd like it to do - after several hours of research I wasn't able to find coherent and reliable instructions re: how to unlock the bootloader and subsequently root it (really wanted to run CM7, but got cockblocked by HTC for the moment, esp. after upgrading to 2.3.4 - much more involved to root, from what I gather) but I'm adapting well to Android after abandoning my iPhone 4. Paired this with an Otterbox Commuter case for $16 making my total investment in the Android platform around two-seventy-five buckaroos - would've loved to have a Nexus S, Galaxy II, Evo, etc. but this was what my budget could handle in an unlocked service provider format for the moment. Highly recommended!

This phone is full of features, it is better than any phone with the same features, but it's problem is the battery; you need to carry the charger in your pocket.

This phone was a great purchase. I use the phone with AT&T; Go phone, Google Voice, and Groovie IP. I work from home, so most of the time I make calls through the internet. With this setup I am only paying less than $20 a month with a data plan and taxes included. I have not found a better plan out there. It is great for watching movies with Netflix and Hulu. It works great with Google music and Pandora. I use Google Reader to read all my news. The thing fits perfectly in my pocket to take anywhere. It also replaces my TomTom for driving directions, because it is always up to date and gives me the current traffic. It works as my GPS for running with the Run keeper app.Before a year of use. The power button on went out on the phone. I would not recommend anyone to buy this phone any longer, because there has been many people with the same power button problem. I have gotten around the power button with installing cyanogenmod 7 on the phone with ROM Manager. With this I can wake the phone with with track ball. The phone is still useful but not reliable, because if the phone freezes up or dies one can not power back on the phone without a power cord plugged into it. Also, I have stopped using Groovie IP with the phone I now use talk-a-tone.

1. Great product with features on-par if not better than iphone3g.2. Low on battery life. Get ~1 day life even without using edge/3g data service and occasionally turning WiFi on.3. Poor call transmission and reception - might be due to poor T-mobile coverage in my location.

This phone does everything it is supposed to do and looking at the last reviews I noticed most of them say battery life is not that good. With the new 2.3 Gingerbread upgrade that the phone got some months ago this is fixed, mine can go for 2-3 days on a single charge, of course with normal usage and turning wireless & bluetooth on and off at discretion.So far I haven't seen a phone that is out there that makes me feel like it is time to change it.

I owned this phone for nine months.Hardware:  By far its most outstanding feature is the crisp 480x800 display.  Everything else - wifi, speakerphone, camera, etc. is adequate.  The phone is sleek and comfortable to use.  Wifi and GPS are huge drains on battery.  It is best to have them turned off unless specifically needed.Software:  On startup, access point information for mobile networking was missing from the config.  I had to add it for my carrier (under Settings -> Wireless and Networks -> Mobile Networks -> Access Point Names).  Since I didn't buy the phone from my carrier there was no extra bloatware on it - just the basic Android operating system.An OTA upgrade from Android version 2.2 to 2.3 broke the dictionary suggestions feature when typing.  (see issue #18716 on the Android issue tracking system at code.google.com.  This is supposed to have been fixed with version 2.3.6.)  I had to install a third-party keyboard to work around the problem.Reliability:  The phone started exhibiting problems after nine months.  First, the camera stopped working.  Next, the screen would go blank after a call started and remain unresponsive.  Couldn't access any of the on-screen controls for ending and muting calls or switching to speakerphone.  I'd have to press down on the bottom of the battery compartment to get the screen to display, or remove the battery and do a hard reset.  I have seen many people report similar problems after a few months of usage.  Like others, I received a very poor response from HTC and a refusal for warranty service.  Amazon, on the other hand, offered to refund the original amount.  Kudos to them for doing so.Bottom line: This phone is good when it functions.  Unfortunately, a number of people have had problems with it and the manufacturer is unwilling to fulfill its warranty obligations.

Been using the phone for just about 3 days and so far so good.  LOVE it.  It has everything you could want in a phone.  Small size hundred of android apps for free and ease of use.  My previous phone was the Nokia n900, which I loved.  I recently set up my google voice account and needed a reliable android phone to fully utilize google voice.  This phone does that and so much more.  For the price of this unlocked phone you can't go wrong.

These phones have a 12 month warrenty from HTC.  The warrenty starts on the manufacture date NOT the purchase date.  6 months after I purchased this phone I called HTC about a problem and was told the 12 month warrenty had already expired and there was nothing they could do about this.  If you buy this phone I would immediatly call HTC and find out how much warrenty is remaining.

I am returning this item.Out of the box, fully charged unit powers down abruptly and frequently and will not restart. I tried two factory resets to no avail. Seems like a nice phone, but it is clearly defective. Additionally, the box was missing advertised wired headset, USB cable, and pouch. I've never returned anything before, but this is just too big a rip-off.

I've had the Google Nexus One for about three or four days now. I got the unlocked version direct from Google for $530, so I can't imagine why anyone would pay the $630 or more other sellers are asking for. Switching my number over to T-Mobile was easy, although it took about a day for the transfer to be finalized, which I'm blaming on Sprint due to my experience with their customer service in the past. And since I have the unlocked phone I was able to get the Even More Plus plan with 500 minutes, unlimited texting and "unlimited" data for $59.99 a month, so I'll be saving a _lot_ of money in the long run compared to the iPhone on AT&T or the Droid on Verizon. So far the phone seems very fast and I've already downloaded several apps. Some people have been making a big deal about the fact that the app space is limited to the internal 512 MB flash drive, unlike the iPhone which can save app data to the main drive. I've installed 9 apps so far, the largest is 3.59MB and the smallest is 664KB, with the total coming to 12MB. According to the memory manager I've still got 153 MB of storage left (apparently the OS takes up about 350MB) so I'm not worried about running out of space before Google comes out with the fix for saving apps to the SD card that they've said they're working on. One important "feature" of the N1 which people may view as a pro or con, depending on your views on privacy, is the integration with all of Google's online applications. When you start the phone up it asks you log into your Google account (I'm not sure what happens if you try to skip that step.) It will then synch the phone with your "My Contacts" list in GMail and will automatically log you into most Google services. This morning while doing a search on my phone during lunch I was a little surprised to see similar searches I'd done this morning on my desktop showing up in the suggestions box. I've also been getting notifications on my phone for all the events I have saved on my Google Calendar. Transferring data to the phone from your computer is simple. It comes with a USB to micro-USB connector, and the hardest part of getting it connected is realizing that after you've plugged it in you need to open the notifications window on the phone and tell it to mount the SD card (this is presumably some kind of security feature in case you lose the phone.) After that you can copy files across just like any other drive. I've already moved about half a gig of music over to the phone. The battery life seems adequate so far. I need to charge the phone every day, but that's probably because I've been spending a considerable amount of time browsing the web with it. Once the novelty wears off (and the work week starts again =) I expect my usage will drop off a bit. I'm still thinking I may want to get a car charger for it though. Speaking of which, web browsing seems to work great, though I do miss tabbed browsing a little. YouTube videos work great, though other sites with the latest version of Flash don't. Adobe is currently working on Flash 10.1 for the Nexus though. It's already in beta and there are demos of it working on YouTube, so hopefully it will be out soon.

This is one of the best phone I've ever used ,I live in Saudi Arabia , and the phone works great in STC

i've used many phone, and tried to search all their features, i've had nokia n900, iphone, htc hd2,...nokia n95, but the most phone make me look at it as the king of the phone, is google nexus one, i's very stylish, attract people looking, very fast with android system, tones of apps for free, good battery life, awsome voice command, very nice google navigation and gps, it's really a very impressive phone i've ever had, for camera feature the nokia n95 the one made in finland has the best camera and especially the vieo shooting; the speaker voice is loud, very clear sound, and the video has 30f/s.

The phone arrived in what appeared to be the original packaging.Cons:There are issues with the capacitive buttons: you have to touch a little bit higher than expected and that can sometimes get in the way of hitting buttons or items in the lower part of the screen. The phone comes with a trackball which could lead to issues down the road with it becoming "gunked up."Pros:-The phone runs the latest version of Android (Gingerbread) after following the downgrade instructions found under the steps found after googling "Goodbye Vodafone."-The phone is very snappy. The only downside to the performance is that there are now dual-core phones, and phones with newer processors and much more powerful graphics chips.-The phone is unlocked and runs 3G on T-Mobile (EDGE for AT&T;). For $70 you get unlimited class, texts, and data on T-Mobile. The phone can be used with any GSM carrier worldwide.The truth is that when you look at a Nexus One for about $270 versus any other off contract phone at T-Mobile the Nexus One wins hands down!I am very happy with this purchase!!!

for a phone you can buy directly from Google for $75 less.This is a great phone - as other reviews have stated.  But I am not not sure why this company would bother "OEM"ing the product at a higher cost than what you can buy it for "retail" directly from Google.  Doesn't make sense...oh well buy the phone, but don't do it here.

This phone does not work at all. I wasted my money. Bad phone. Dont buy it. The phone can't even be sent in for warranty.

Nexus one is still a very good smartphone after a year and a half since it was released. After seeing the Nexus S I've decided to save some money and get the Nexus one.One caveat: I bought the phone from The OEM Planet and I wasn't able to get Google's OTA update (the version I got with the phone was 2.2 when there 2.3.4 was already out). After searching a bit in forums and blogs I found out that the version installed on the phone I got was a Vodafone tailored one. I used the instructions on [...] to manually update to the Google official version and from there I got the OTA update.

I thought at first this phone was a great buy, but once I got the product, I had problems with the lock button. It doesnt work after only a few weeks of use.  Now, I can't even turn on my phone AT ALL. I tried contacting the seller, but he doesn't reply. RIP OFF

I love it and recommend it for anyone, especially this unlocked version, traveling is soooo easy no crazy roaming fee's, just pop a Sim card from whatever country your in.

Google Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown)The thing is that I bought my Nexus One in June 2011Two months ago the screen began to turn black whenever I put or answer a call, for every thin else the phone seamed to do well.When I called HTC america to ask them to revise and even claim for a warranty (the phone doesn't have more than 10 months since I bought it), they told me that the phone doesn't have the right to a warranty as It was solt as a refurbishet item in Canada.The problem is that it was sold to me as a new item from your page and your dealerEver since I have been calling the dealer and nobody answer the phoneI feel helpplessNow If I what the phone working I will have to pay the  same price I payed when I bought itClaudio

I bought this device thinking about Android's powerful, but now It's exciting to have this one in my hands. It has an brilliant display and everything there looks clearly, the camera takes high resolution pictures, the performance is really amazing, everything works perfectly in my Google Nexus One device.Now, my Android's OS is updated to 2.3.4 version (Ginberbread) and it looks powerful and different from the retail version, you have a lot of applications in Android Market. This a really good buy I have ever done.If you want to know more about Google Nexus One, you could visit the product's pageGoogle Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown)I seriously recommend this device, you will get more applications, more performance, more specs than the others (BlackBerry, iPhone, Nokia, etc.)

Great phone, great features.  Can't go wrong with this one.  Just don't put in a pay as you go sim card and expect to operate it.  I made that mistake and had a bit of a challenge, but when I was able to get a data plan it worked fantastic!

Worked fine for about 7 months. The power button stopped working and now I cannot turn on the phone after it turns off.

I bought this phone and the wifi component was not working, I wanted an exchange and they took a week to tell me they did not have them  in stock anymore, they refunded however they wasted my time. Dont buy to Beast Deals!

Muy buen telefono !!!!!! llego hoy el producto .... y es de otro planeta !!!!! para aquellos que todavia no manejan un android le sugiero pero con este modelo , como dicen en Ecuador : bueno , bonito y barato .salu2

The phone works quite well and was easy to set up. From time to time it gets frozen or vibrates uncontrollably and a restart is required, but this may be the phone's design rather than the seller's negligence.

I bought My Nexus One Phone from Amazon back on June 19th 2011 from BLUETEKUSA listed as the seller.  After a month or so I have experienced nothing but problems, at first the phone worked great, loved it.  Then at first the camera started getting the "red glow", then it started force closing, then it became un-operational (which meant ANY app etc., light etc that used the phone was also killed.)  Then the phone began getting a black screen of close down after making or receiving any call.  The touch screen goes blank and only ripping out the battery, putting it back and then restarting the phone works to get the screen back and phone operational.  Now as of late the phone has been randomly shutting off on its own, sometimes refusing to turn back on until plugged in (even with fully charged), sometimes refuses to charge correctly the yellow light never comes on anymore and only can check the charging battery icon to see if it is working.  Now the phone refuses to connect to Data only 3G and Full bars in Grey. Wireless will connect but not Tmobile data service.  Tmobile says its the Phones problem not theirs.After the first few problems, rebooted the phone, then when same problems continued contacted HTC on their website,  HTC no  longer even lists this phone as one of theirs.  After much web serching learned HTC is fully aware of these problems with the Nexus One, many others experience the same problems exactly but HTC now seems to refuse servicing or to stand behind them.THE WARRANTY ON THE AMAZON PAGE CLEARLY STATED :  in the description "US Warranty" Condition NEWAfter sending the serial number of the phone and a copy of the AMAZON purchase sheet : HTC directed me to yet another department and after several emails, sends me back a website to go to for warranty coverage.  It was entirely in FRENCH!  Emailed them again telling them I speak English, I live in the US and they responded with "Oh yes even though the purchase page from AMAZON stated US warranty that is not true, there is NO US Warranty coverage,  the country of origin for your phone is Canada so they are the only ones who can deal with it"!!!  B.S. I say.  I got duped and my phone is on its last legs,  Be warned you might be buying a soon to be brick with no real warranty.

I placed my order for an AT&T; Nexus One the day it was announced. I wasn't sure what I was going to be getting into (being a very early adopter of the AT&T; 3G version). Needless to say, I am blown away by the overall experience delivered by the N1.This phone pretty much lives up to the hype that surrounds it. It's really quite unfortunate that Google isn't selling enough of these simply due to the pricing structure, because it's hands down one of the best Android phones out there now. To put this in perspective, I've tried both the Droid (Milestone), G1, and Droid Eris, and the N1 beats them all. The Droid is almost as good, but has some severe issues regarding the touchscreen accuracy and responsiveness. the G1 and Droid Eris are great phones too, but they don't even compare to the N1 when it comes to screen size and overall beefiness.I'll keep this part brief, but I've gone through an iPhone 3G and a Nokia N97. The iPhone wasn't really my thing because its very locked-down nature as mandated by Apple really annoyed me each day I owned it. After that, I switched to an N97 and eventually gave that up due to horrible software and UI.The best part is that the N1 runs Android, which is open source. No big corporation or cell carrier can tell me what I can and cannot do with it! (unlike the iPhone which I now despise). Big bossy telcos and corporations need to learn how to keep their noses out of how I use my internet and phone.Anyway, if you want to see some good reviews of this phone and get some info on its actual features, some of my fellow reviewers have done a great job on Amazon. Also, the Engadget and Gizmodo reviews are quite good.My personal take (things that stick out):PROS:1. The audio quality is pretty good. I carry around a 5G 30gb iPod and the N1 definitely sounds better through in-ear headphones.2. The dual-mic noise cancellation is impressive.3. The cloud syncing always works4. Web pages load really fast5. HSPA reception is fairly good (at least here in central NJ). Call drops are occasional but not ridiculousCONS:Everything works pretty damn well. The only quirks are the following:1. The AMOLED screen looks stunning, but is nearly impossible to use in bright sunlight.2. The vibration is a bit noisy.3. The keyboard is in serious need of revamping. The prediction isn't the best and the keys are difficult to tap on correctly, especially in the vertical orientation. However, due to the open nature of Android, there are several apps out there that attempt to correct this. I'd recommend checking out ThickButtons. The iPhone does exactly what ThickButtons does, but invisibly. The other alternative is Swype, which isn't to shabby either once you get used to it.4. The battery life is terrible. There is no other way to put it. It will be absolutely necessary to charge it every night. Also, I'd recommend sticking to WiFi over 3g whenever possible. To do this, you have to navigate into the depths of the settings by going to Wireless & Networks, WiFi Settings, hit the options key, go to Advanced, and change the WiFi sleep policy to never. Trust me, the "Never" option actually saves more power than switching back and forth between 3G and WiFi especially when you have stuff constantly syncing with "the cloud."5. The touch-sensitive buttons on the phone require really accurate presses. Apparently, HTC has fixed this in the new Sprint EVO 4G by providing a bigger bezel for the touch-sensitive buttons. This issue isn't really a big deal but it's just a tad annoying sometimes.One last thing: I'd highly recommend rooting your phone. I did this the day I got it. While it's true that people say you can brick your phone by doing this, it's nearly impossible to really screw something up as long as you don't unplug your USB cable while you're flashing your ROM or something like that. By rooting, I can now tether my phone to my laptop (which is incredibly handy and awesome) and install the N1 torch app which turns your camera flash into a flashlight.That's all folks! Feel free to comment on my review!

Echo all the comments on the awesomeness of this phone.  The device "gets out of the way" of your use of it, everything from apps to bluetooth to messaging to calling, it's all easy and intuitive.  Graphics are great with minimum lag.  It updated itself to Gingerbread (2.3.4) within an hour over WiFi.How I wish it all worked out.  After a few hours, a serious touch screen issue developed.  Touching anywhere in the lower half of the screen (around the virtual keyboard area) would register the touch a few centimeters below it.  For example, pressing the 's' key would bring up the voice input or even the menu soft key.  Even after pulling the battery and factory resets, the problem would always recur, making the phone almost impossible to use.This is the second Nexus One I've owned that had this problem.  I was hoping the first one was a dud, especially with all the praise from long-time owners, but it started right away with the second.  Just do a web search on "nexus one touchscreen problem" and you'll see discussions and video of it, unfortunately without a resolution I could find.If you buy this otherwise great phone, hope you get a good one.

Finally! The price was right! (for my wallet) and I (finally) bought this phone 4 months ago. Coming from a BB Curve 8900 and wanting a better screen to browse and read mails this phone fits the bill perfectly, designed by HTC and Google resulted in a super-b device. It fits perfectly in my hand and feels the right size and weight, it actually feels sturdy with the battery on, not so much without it. At home we also have a Samsung Galaxy S which I think is too big and square-ish (4-inch).I got it with 2.2 and was able to update it to 2.3 without any issues, it gets a little hot when it's charging and it has frozen twice requiring a battery pull out. I also notice sometimes it 'tap' itself and if checking the contacts list it will sometimes call one of the numbers.Finally, the keyboard is good but I also have press the home button accidentally more than once, which is annoying. Other than that, Great phone!

Slick phone but the first one I got had issues.The issues were all minor but taken as a whole, the phone was 'bad'.1. The phone was not configured properly (network settings, affecting all txt & picture messaging)2. It had touchscreen issues, freezing often along certain areas (edges) or on certain functions, or randomly selected the wrong thing on a completely different area of the touchpad.3. Unwanted apps would open. (Google voice)Eventually I called HTC. They sent a new phone and after a triple-fail delivery by FedEx and two trips by me to their warehouse, I am seriously disappointed with FedEx but happy with my new, properly working Nexus One. This phone is markedly better than the last one, it was configured out of the box, it doesn't freeze up when I enter a message thread, and the screen just seems more quick and responsive.A good all around phone and handheld platform, but thoroughly test the phone you purchase before your 30 day return period is up. Otherwise, you're screwed and a replacement will cost you the full $529 or whatever it is.Also, if troubleshooting, don't push the little hole on the back interior that says "VOID" at the bottom. I thought it was a reset button but it may void your warranty as it covers a tiny screw.

The HTC Nexus one is one of the best Android phones. However, never buy any items from Firemall. I purchased this item from 'Firemall' which is not a reliable, trust worthy vendor. If you have any issues, they will ask to return the item for exchange, after receiving the item they will stop responding. No phone number will be provided either. You will be cheated just like that. Sincere advice, stay away from Firemall!

Power button breaks after 6 months. Its happened to every person I know that owned this phone including me.ONLY GET THIS PHONE IF ITS FOR FREE!

This phone's power button is connected to its main board using a flexible connector. Throughout your use of the power button, this flexible connector gets bent, and progressively the contacts of the power button begin to deteriorate. In a short while, the power button will stop working.There are several workarounds for this problem: apps that replace the power button's function using other buttons, screen lock apps, reboot, and so on. There is even a routine that you have to use to power on the phone using the charger and removing/inserting the battery quickly. Google "Nexus one fix broken power button"and you'll see more about the problem and the workarounds, including video instructions.Many thanks for the guys out there that created those workarounds, but HTC deserves a thumbs down: this design flaw really kills the phone.

After reading all the positive reviews about this phone I decided to buy it on amazon. Right from day one it had problem being turned on. Used it for a week and then while browsing it got switched off and did not turn on again. Had to return it for refund. Also the touch screen is not very responsive, had to tap couple of times to open an app. Very unhappy with the quality of the product.

I purchased the Nexus One on release day from Google, and almost a year and a half later, it's simply the best phone that I could have asked for.  Since it's a Google phone, it receives all of the Android updates first while other Android smartphones sold from the cell providers are slowly (if even) receiving theirs.  Moreover, this phone is the most solid-feeling phone I have ever felt.  It's much sturdier than many of the other smart phones such as the Droid which feels as if it can be easily damaged (in my opinion).  Also, it's EXTREMELY thin for smartphones which is a plus for me since I hate having huge phones stick out of my front pocket.If you are looking for a simple, easy to use device without all of the gimmicks of other smartphones, get it.  You won't regret it.P.S. - The neoprene case that it comes with is completely awesome.  I've had so many people ask where I got it from.  I wish that there was some place which sold these because they would be selling like hotcakes!

I have owned my Nexus One for 5 months now, pretty much since it came out. I had mixed feelings about it initially, mostly due to the complicated workarounds that were necessary to get its calender to sync with an Exchange server, and the 3G issues that were widespread initially. But I decided to put up with its shortcomings, because I saw there was upside potential.I recently upgraded to Android 2.2 Froyo, which finally made the Nexus One the best phone it can be. The performance and UI responsiveness that was already good is now even better, many many basic software issues were resolved, including tethering, better Exchange support, an improved email client, a redesigned car app, and much more. I love this phone and my next phone will also be an Android phone. I hope I will not need a next phone for many years, though. And yes, there are still some minor things that can be improved, like better readability in direct sunlight, or better battery life. Based on what is technically possible today and what the market has to offer in terms of alternatives, I recommend this phone unconditionally.

This is a good phone. For the price, it may well be the best smartphone available. And unlike an iPhone, you don't have to pay extra for tethering or for GPS navigation.What's the catch? Well, it comes pre-loaded with a custom build of the older Android 2.2 release. The custom build prevents easy upgrades, and without upgrades, you are stuck with a mediocre battery life and a sub-optimal user experience.My suggestion would be to look at the upgrade process (other reviews have given the details), and to buy this phone only if you have the inclination/time to go through it.upgrade hints for those who decide to take the plunge:1) search for the specific custom build number (menu-> setting->about phone) and download the correct PGIMG.zip file.2) search for "goodbye vodaphone uk nexus one rom" and follow the instructions.

Do not buy this phone , do not buy HTC. My phone did have a warranty but was not worth anythingI have had this phone purchased via Amazon for just under a year. At the time it was good value for money at around $250 with a one year warranty.What I likedAs soon as I had entered my gmail id. The phone was up and ready with all my contacts and emails. The Android experience was easy to set up and seamless.The camera and video is adequate.The battery is replaceable and the memory extendible - The Iphone cannot do this.What I do not like - all these issues are common on forums etc. These are design faultsBattery life is moderate to poor. Normally I get through the day on a charge but not always.Phone memory is to limited and if you have less than 20mb on the phone the whole system breaks down. You stop receiving emails and cannot install anything. There are solutions to move apps to the SD card.There is an annoyance with the screen it starts sending phantom inaccurate touches now and then. Especially if it hot your fingers are a bit sweaty. Each time this happens you have to reboot. It normally happens to me a couple of times a week, I can live with this.Now the big issueThe Power button is badly designed and after a while it starts becoming unresponsive and will eventually die. The are some unacceptable paRTIAL workarounds to this which involve rooting the phone. HTC response was appalling. I would have to send my phone to their repair centre in the US, since that is where I bought it through Amazon. I no longer live there. They could not send it back to me once repaired, and could only return it to a US address, I would have to be without a phone for possibly months, I would have to pay shipping to and from the US and find someone to forward it to me. They could not assist me in any way at all in working outside their policies. I suggested paying for a repair, sending me the spare part, anything - but they simply could not be bothered. I told them I would write a bad review on Amazon but it did not concern them at all.You are looking at decent phone, with some bad design faults from an appalling company. HTC will go the way of some other well known mobile phone manufacturers.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

The Nexus One phone has a great screen and a lot of resources with the Android's guaranteed update by Google.

I love this product at first ...Fast track and delivery...however...It's auto config is a little bit different from the one my friends have ,because sometimes it seems to loose its configuration...And no one who has this issue ,but ,out of nowhere ,the cellphone starts turning the screenlight on and off. I hate when this happens,specially at night and I've already tried everything to fix it .closing apps ,recharging,turning on and off ,and it keeps &#34;blinking&#34;but no big deal,I put it under my pillow ,so I dont have to see it

I have to agree with the other reviewers who are rating this phone with five stars. I've been a software developer for over 30 years and have owned many cell phones; my last one was a Blackberry 8800. I also have lots of friends with iPhones and this phone beats them all. I agree the speaker has a tinny sound but I rarely use that. Everything else about this phone is just fantastic. IT's FAST running apps and with internet downloads. The other day while driving home in my car I had the phone plugged in to the AUX in on my car stereo listening to mp3's. I received a call and the music automatically stopped and I only heard the ringer. I answered the call, completed the conversation and when I hung up the music automatically started again right where it left off. The music app I was using is the free one that came installed on the phone.The one thing I do think the iPhone does better is the layout of the on-screen keyboard. The keys on the iPhone are spaced out a little further apart making them easier to hit and less chance of making a mistake. But the autospell feature on the Nexus One is much better than the iPhone. One of my iPhone friends misspelled Mississippi (spelled Missisipi) the exact same way on their iPhone and my Nexus One. The autospell feature on the iPhone couldn't make a guess but the Nexus One presented Mississippi as a choice. Also in order to change the battery on an iPhone you have to mail it back to Apple for a replacement but with the Nexus One you can change it yourself.The other point I LOVE about the Nexus One that I bought from Google for $529.00 plus shipping is that it's unlocked. All I did was install my SIM card and I'm using my Nexus One on my old contract that is the $10.00 a month charge for an extra phone. I didn't have to sign up for a 2 year contract and I don't have to shell out an extra $30.00 a month for a data plan which I think is outrageous. GO GOOGLE!I have been raving so much about my new phone that my wife is ready to buy one and she has just gotten a new LG View.If you're thinking about a smart phone, this is the one to buy.

Great phone! Fast, enough memory, looks good and comes with a very nice case. The only con is the battery lifetime wich needs to be charged almost everyday, depending the way you use the phone... but it seems to be a smartphone general issue, not only Nexus One. I recommend it!

The Google Nexus One made by HTC is an excelent phone, very powerful, and I haven't had problems so far. I could update it to Gingerbread (2.3.4) via OTA without any problems. The only thing you should consider in any android and any smartphone device is the battery consumption which is very high. I live in Ecuador and I can use the phone perfectly.This phone is awesome. I'm  very pleased with this purchase.

a great phone at a very cheap price. launched in 2010, the phone got the 2.3.4 OTA update and still beats 2011 new phones. application/games all loads w/o any problemsNexus one in general is prone to wifi issues. wifi shuts off during display off (root level bug in nexus one and google doesnt have a fix)unfortunately I didnt notice it soon enough and unable to return it now.Google "nexus one + wifi issues" to learn more.so if you are user who has voip application and only depend on wifi, then this phone is NOT recommended

First off this is my first smart phone. I did not want to spend a lot of money. Ordinarily I would not spend more then $60 for a phone. However I got to play with some Android phones and did some research and was hooked(gotta have one). I do not have a contract so i just use my existing ATT sim that i've had for years. I knew the risks associated with the phone. I did not need the ATT 3g because, it doesn't even work in my area. And even where it does, I'm not the typical power user. I would rather use WiFi for the most part. I really wanted the Galaxy S2, but can't afford that one. So I went with this one. For the price point $260, you can't find a phone like this brand new, unlocked, GSM ready, the specs, etc. Got mine with 2day shipping. Turned it on. Updated to Gingerbread and was good to go. There are some cons like the screen size is smaller then i would like. Sun light glare can be a pain. The speakers are weak. And the battery only last about 12-16hrs with minimal use. In the past I used phones with far longer life, but take into account that this is basically like having a little computer in your pocket all day. So would I recommend? Yes I would. If you're looking for something sleeker, sexier and newer. keep looking.

Nexus one is one of the best smart phone in the market today.  I used to hav iphone 3GS and iphone 4 and I sold them and bought the nexus one.  I love it so much and it is the best smart phone so far.Regards,Nidal.

It arrived in a tiny HTC box. Parts include phone, Li Battery and Wall Charger. No user manual nor computer cable. Phone shows some kind of cosmetic defect - IT IS NOT NEW! Beware before buying! (Bought from Ross Cellular but this might be an across the board problem)

I purchased and received the G1(Google Nexus One) last Thursday. It's the good phone with all the stuffs built in (Wifi, Gmail, etc..), however, the phone has the issue of sending & receiving International SM message. I've attempted to send several messages to my friends in Vietnam, but none of messages reached them.In facts, I am not aware of the issue till start reading all complains from previous G1 users. I heard that Google have tried to fix the problem but they gave up. It is the good phone and I like to keep, however, I am in process of returning the phone today and looking for anothet phone (not Google phone any more). Someone said, that coud be T-mobile network that I have now, however, my Nokia E-71 is sending & receiving SMS message just fine.

Soooperrrrrrrrrr.... what more you can about this? just works as expected.. response is awesome.. battery is good.. well worth buy..

Great price point (&lt;$300) for an off-contract smartphone.  I use the N1 on T-mobile and have excellent 3g speed.  The phone has worked flawlessly for over a month with no noticeable "lag" that sometimes comes with older Android devices.  The N1 was the first 'stock' Google phone, and is still the first phone (along with the Nexus S) to receive the latest version of Android.  This is really the best deal out there in my opinion, but there are a few things you should be aware of before buying.I would NOT necessarily recommend purchasing this phone if you aren't very tech-savvy or have little experience with Android/smartphones. The 'unlocked' version I received through the Amazon marketplace seller (not Amazon itself) was actually a Vodaphone Froyo build (Android 2.2) that required some tinkering to get the phone updated to Gingerbread (Android 2.3.4).  The phone could not be upgraded in its current state, and I had to downgrade the OS to a stock ROM before manually applying several sequential OS updates (that are becoming harder and harder to locate).  After installing a couple of the updates, however, I was immediately 'pushed' (via OTA update) the remaining updates from Google/T-mobile.  I found a couple decent walk-throughs on the process after a quick Google search.BE SURE to know your phone, know your version, and know what you are doing before attempting to try ANYTHING suggested on any of these webpages.  I am not responsible if your phone becomes a very expensive paper-weight.  DO YOUR RESEARCH before attempting to change anything with your smartphone.Other drawbacks:-Battery life is pretty bad (mostly due to powering the display) - be prepared to charge your phone nightly with normal use or buy an additional battery or portable charger-Internal memory is only ~190MB, which you will fill up fast with Apps, however, there are several tricks that can help mitigate this problem (all of which require a decent size SD card, 8GB+ recommended).  You can use the ADB (Android Debug Bridge), part of the Android SDK to run a single command to allow more apps to be directly installed to your SD card.  There are also Apps that claim to let you do the same thing, though I have never tried any of them (like Apps2SD).  Also, alternative ROM's (Cyanogen, etc.) allow you to better manage your internal memory and apps.I still rate the Nexus One 5/5 stars because, after some fine-tuning, the phone is STILL one of the best smartphones available.  The stock Google build allows you to create your own wireless network to which other devices can connect, allows for tethering to a computer without an additional service plan, and will always get the latest version of Android.  Can't beat the value for the money if you are still under contract.  If you have the cash, have a day to spend tinkering with the phone, and are confident you can handle the updating process - stop reading these reviews and pull the trigger already - YOU WON'T REGRET IT!

This is my first android ever and I must say it rocks. It's just working perfect, I cannot find anything that freaks me out in this phone. Everything is just like it should be. Fast, responsive, reliable, long-life battery (first day the battery ran out quickly, even after full charge, but when I next day charged it, I played Drag racing online via wi-fi almost the whole day and the battery was still green). For sure, you will not get a better deal for this price.

The best deal on the market. The phone updated itself to 2.3.4 automatically. Everything works great.I wished the screen were AMOLED but it is Super LCD.

very satisfied with the delivery, also in very good condition and works very well with the android operating system

I purchased this phone and  has problems with it almost from the start.  First the camera stopped working, then the power button had issues, until the on/off switch finally stopped working completely.  Now I can't turn on the phone at all--totally useless.

What can i say ? It lags a little when i use some live wallpaper, but i am upgrading to 2.3.4. For the prices and the advantages, i will buy it again without doub. I will see how it works on 2.3.4

I live in Panama, received the phone well packaged, open it, insert a sim card and it works immediately.  I was prepared to apply at least 5 or 7 steps of the 20 I read on other reviews for the downgrade and posterior update of the software, but (and thanks God)the phone ask, once you are connected (which did with no trouble) that there available updates,you press yes and then, after a few minutes, it was upgraded to 2.3.4 gingerbread.

I'm coming to this phone as a long time iPhone user, getting a used 2G from a friend of mine before upgrading to a 3G when my contract was up.  Unfortunately, I upgraded and renewed my contract 3 months before Apple announced the 3GS, so I'll admit that I'm a little chapped at Apple for not making that announcement sooner so I could have waited the 3 months for a better device.  I was getting tired of how slow and sluggish my iPhone was starting to feel, and when a work bonus came in I decided to splurge a bit and buy the best phone I could find, no matter the price.After looking at lots of web videos and reviews, I decided upon the Nexus One from Google.  All the reviews have been positive, and although everybody admits quirks they were nothing that I wasn't used to with my iPhone.  When I saw the first few videos of people doing their unboxings and playing around with the interface for the first time, I knew I was in love.  Also, I'm on AT&T; and still under contract, and they had just released a version of this phone that works on the AT&T; 3G bands, so it was a no brainer at that point.  I got one unlocked from Google's website for 529.00 plus tax and noted how the free shipping method was FedEx overnight.  Props, Google, for offering to overnight my new super expensive phone to me at no extra charge.  Classy move, and almost necessary because as soon as I clicked "submit" on the Google Checkout screen I was already going crazy waiting for it to arrive.After having it for over a week now, I can say that I definitely made the right choice.  I used the stock firmware for a while and really enjoyed how snappy everything was (especially coming off an iPhone 3G) but after a while I decided to "root" it and see what power was laying dormant inside this thing.  Hello CyanogenMod.  CyanogenMod is like putting your phone on amphetamines.  In all reality, it's only a fraction of a second faster doing most things, but since it was so fast to begin with it feels like nothing else.Nothing on this phone takes more than half a second to do now.  Ever.  Okay, maybe loading Google Earth or Google Sky takes a second or four, but those are some pretty computation heavy apps and even they launch pretty quickly.  But with the way the phone multitasks and keeps processes running in the background, switching between running tasks is pretty much instantaneous and opening up new tasks takes about half a second.  With Cyanogen 5.0.5.3 running HiMem you unlock all the power of your RAM, and if you turn the Window Animations and Transition Animations to "fast", you'll giggle to yourself as you navigate through your phone at lightning speed.  At least, I still do... :)The stock keyboard has some issues, but even without rooting it you can download the Swype beta, install it simply by checking a box in the settings (novel concept, huh Apple?) and downloading a free .apk installer.  I recommend FileGo from personal experience.  Swype is a great keyboard that takes a little getting used to, but once you do you can really fly on it.  After using the iPhone for so long I was used to using two thumbs to type on a touchscreen keyboard, but Swype actually works better if you hold the phone in one hand and use one finger on your dominant hand to trace your word out.  Look up videos on Swype if you want to see it in action.  It's really pretty amazing and it's the only touchscreen keyboard I'll ever use again, even if it isn't perfect and throws out some pretty wild guesses at what I was trying to say.The camera is excellent and takes good quality photos for a phone.  Nothing that will make you regret purchasing a better standalone camera, but for people like me who only like to carry around a single device with them it's more than adequate.Battery life is actually pretty good.  I have been using it a lot lately and have been charging it up every night, but only because I don't want to start off the following day with only 25 or 30% charge.I live in an area with pretty strong AT&T; coverage, and with the better Snapdragon processor on this phone it actually feels like my 3G speed is faster.  Using the SpeedTest app, my iPhone 3G would get around 1.5mbps pretty consistently.  This gets >3.2mpbs pretty consistently using the android version of the same app, going to the same test server.  The one thing I've noticed though is that my signal doesn't "appear" to be as strong as my iPhone, but I haven't noticed any problems.  Where my iPhone used to get full bars I will sometimes only get 2/4 or 3/4, but I have never dropped a single call on my Nexus nor have I noticed any degradation in signal quality.  Maybe this phone is just more picky about what it considers a "great" signal.If you have the money, I have to recommend this phone.  If I hadn't gotten a bonus at work I wouldn't have ever dreamed of spending this much money on a cell phone, but man am I glad I did.  I may not have the fastest car, the loudest stereo or the biggest TV, but I have the fastest and most amazing phone I've ever seen.  I'm proud to show it off to people I know, and all of them look at their iPhones with a new sense of disappointment after they see the Nexus One in action.  If you're looking for a new Android device and you're on T-mobile, there is no contest and you need to get this phone immediately.  For 179.00 there isn't a better device on the planet.Just don't buy it from any of the jokers trying to sell it here.  Why pay a markup and additional shipping when you can get it straight from Google for less money and get FREE overnight shipping?

I bought the phone around 2 months ago, so I can give valuable comments on it. The phone is not working. First, the camera doesn't work. then it's the battery, now the phone can't even hold on for 10 hours with the full battery... and reception ... I don't know what to say, it was a big mistake to buy the phone over the internet, because if you have a problem they don't even try to help you. Please don't make the mistake I did except you think you have better luck!

Before Android 2.2 (FroYo) was released, I felt nervous about having purchased this phone, since the iPhone 4 looked so shiny and nice. FroYo has stabilized the device and now it runs very fast. The Portable Hostpot makes a bus or carpool commute heavenly (don't drive and surf!). Only sad that there will be no Nexus Two.

Great phone. Good app selection, assuming it will only get better since android seems to be the new mobile device standard. I moved to Nexus one from iPhone 3Gs. Haven't really found any thing that it doesn't have compared to it, but it does have lot of features (Navigation, Voice apps, Camera with zoom and flash, 5MP, upgradable memory, removable battery etc.) that iPhone didn't have. Voice quality is great as well.

I think Android version 2.3.4 -Gingerbread- is now public for Nexus One.  And, there is no need to follow all these how-to-upgrade websites out there. My system just progressed to 2.3.4 on its own.  Anyway, I didn't see real big differences. Even, the numeric telephone keypad looked nicer with the old software version - froyo.  It was just hype.Let me tell you I love this phone.

Fast, great connection, excellent call quality, super fast, Google - Gmail flawless integration, customizable settings, touch screen works perfectly, great variety of apps (must of them free), and finally, nice size and shape.As a former Iphone user I can say that this is a much more reliable phone.  It's a shame that Google failed with its marketing campaign and sales model for such a wonderful product. This is where Apple has the advantage.JH

I had a nokia c6 phone which i lost it last month. I got google nexus one phone as a replacement and i love it.

This is the nicest telephone I have purchased.I spent many hours while in the U.S. learning how the telephone works.The telephone does NOT come with a user manual which makes for an awkward situation.  Without a user manual is worse than driving to an unfamiliar address without a road map.  I was later able to find a 334 page user manual on the web.The main reason I do not give this phone a high rating is the fact it is not as it is advertised.  It is NOT unlocked.For someone like myself, I must have an unlocked telephone because I travel often to other countries and planned to use a SIM card from different service providers.Having a locked phone makes the telephone useless unless I am in the U.S.

I bought my first smart phone ever, the N1, barely few weeks back and i am highly impressed. So far, i am loving it not because i am new to it, but because its impressed me with its versatile ability to multi-task as well as the solid hardware. Rather unfortunate it has been discontinued. I am glad i have one of the last of them and i rate this phone as the best of all time. I am not new to touch screen; i have played with a few phones of my friends and i think this is simply the best. It was delivered before 5days before hand--wonderful service

I've had this phone for almost 1 1/2 years (purchased during launch week).  The only issues I have had came after the Gingerbread update (2.3.4).  I did a hard reset, and things went back to normal.  This led me to believe it was a compatibility issue with one of the installed apps.This review is in response to a posting in the past week that rated the phone 1 out of 5.  The main complaint was that the phone didn't do international SMS.  I have sent and received thousands of international texts (SMS and MMS) with the phone (to and from Asia and Canada originating and ending in Missouri).  I hope that this review helps put people's worries to rest about this claim.  The author of the mentioned review also refers to the phone as the G1.  The "G1" is not the Nexus One; it is an early android phone also made by HTC that predates the Nexus One by about a year.  He may have been reviewing the wrong phone.

Got it from Amazon from a third party (FGS Trading) claiming it had warranty. After about 8 months the power button and touch screen started having issues, I could not turn on my phone, and the screen was acting all crazy, not responding to commands. I searched the web and found out these are very common problems. Called HTC Repair Line, and they told me warranty had expired in December and were unable to renew it because I had purchased from a third party vendor. I thought I had full warranty on it, I didn't know I only had a few months of warranty left on it. I will have to pay almost full price for repair now. Not worth the buy. Shame on HTC for charging to fix a problem they caused. BUYER BEWARE. The warranty the seller claims is not the full warranty from the sold date, it's the one from date of manufacturing.

Bought this cell phone for a research study in Kenya.  Great price for an unlocked cell phone if you don't need anythingfancy.

The model may have become old but has retained its popularity. Great 3G connectivity.Awesome screen and super android installed.The Nexus One  by HTC with a lot of support from Google and runs great on Android 2.1. Preloaded are Google Navigation (in the US) and the new Google Goggles, which identifies objects by using the camera and brings up relevant information. The device is unlocked and easy to set up with  T-Mobile network in the US.Overall great value for money

Hi,I brought 'Google Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown)' from this seller. Right after few days of buying my phone started hanging when I used to talk. It continued for some days. I did the factory reset and it got fine but again started.  Then the headphone stopped working. I tried to manage even without headphone. Then slowly a new problem started - The phone started giving trouble while charging. It continued for few days and then it does not charge at all. I tried all different chargers. But it is not charging. I spent almost $300 for the phone and it did not even last for 5-6 months. I am not rough user of phone. My uses are hardly 20-30 minutes each day. But then also it did not last. I am disappointed.I don't want to give bad feedback and spoil somebody's name but at the same time I do not want people to spend money on bad products.

I just received this phone and I am very happy with it - with a couple of caveats.  The build quality is typical HTC - near perfect - and the screen is superb.  And, finally, I have an Android phone with decent battery life.  I have both the Desire HD, with awful battery life, and a Desire Z which is only moderately better.  I fully charged mine upon receiving it, and have used it for three+ hours, and it was at 71% when I just checked it this morning after having it on standby overnight.  Couple of issues though - but still a five-star rating:  Mine came with Android 2.2 and an over the air update is not available (at least in Germany where I live) to upgrade it to Android 2.3/Gingerbread.  And, the touch screen is less responsive as my other HTC phones let alone my iPhones.  This problem isn't a deal-breaker - but I wish someone had mentioned it earlier.  One minor potential issue is how easily the battery cover slides up and off - probably not a major issue but be aware that it slides off fairly easily.  I have seen some complaints about the quality of the Nexus One's being sold lately. Mine came from The OEM Shop (via Amazon) and it was in absolutely new condition with US accessories.  Last, but not least, I ordered this phone in order to have a less expensive phone (all of my other HTC phones and iPhones have been over $500) to take on my walks without fear of breaking the bank if I drop it or lose it.  It fills this need perfectly.*************************** EDITED ON JUNE 8, 2011 TO ADD LONGER TERM IMPRESSIONS ************************************I've had this phone for almost two weeks now and I continue to be thrilled with it - especially given that it's quite a bit less expensive than newer (but also very nice!) HTC phones.  The battery life continues to impress me - I can get 2 and 1/2 days with data turned on - which is impressive compared to my Desire Z.  I have not had any problems connecting to both my hidden and visible wireless access points at home - and I've easily connected to free wireless at two locations on my current job trip in Germany.  I have to say though that I really miss HTC Sense - especially the weather/clock widget - and I'm still irritated that I can't download Android 2.3.x here in Germany.  I have downloaded Angry Birds Rio and Plants-vs-Zombies and both play great and playing either of them doesn't take too much battery life.  I am convinced that for the price you cannot go wrong with this phone and continue to highly recommend it.

This was a really nice phone and my first smart phone.  However the one problem I had was that a few days after the warranty from Amazon was up, the power button stopped working.  I had to download an app to get the phone to wake up.  Very annoying.  I upgraded to a Nexus S instead.  A much bigger phone but it works.

THE PROBLEM:The phone started having problems just two months after i received it. It just became unusually warm (i would'nt really call it HOT!) near the processor even when i tried browsing or watching a youtube video. After some googling i found that was kinda normal with smart phones. In the beginning it was just getting warm, a few days later, it began restarting when that happened. It would get bricked in the start-up screen with the nexus logo. I had to remove the battery and let it cool down to get it to start working again. In the beginning this happened hardly, but the frequency just started going up. Last month it started happening EVERY SINGLE TIME i try to use the phone with the screen turned on (there seemed to be no problem when i used to talk on the phone, as the screen is turned off when i keep in near my ear,  or listen to music with the screen turned off), i couldnt even type out a message..I hit google again and looked for solutions to the problem, but i could find nothing. I even reset to factory setting as the htc customer support guy said and still nothing. The problem was apparently the motherboard.THIS MIGHT JUST BE A MANUFACTURING DEFECT! I believe it cant be either google or amazon's fault. If at all you spot the problem early on, even when it isnt frequent or as bad, dont just tell yourself that you can live with that and go on for longer like i did. Return it immediately!THE PHONEHowever the phone itself was amazing as long as i could use it. The camera is absolutely stunning, the resolution may be a little low but the quality is just amazing, even in low light conditions. The screen even though not the best on the market today is still THE best screen you will get for this price, but i would recommend a screen guard, its not as scratch resistant as they say it is. Its fast enough for me since i dont make movies like Avatar and Transformers on it or play Crisis on my phone Lol (unlike the quad core phone owners, apparently :p). The track ball is redundant but its fun to play with. The phone seems solid and heavy and not like its made out of cheap plastic or anything. I remember the first time i looked and it and saw this awesome shine on it (both the metal and the plastic part), and i thought that it probably wont last, but even after over 3 months, it hasnt lost that lustre. I know its fast to say that but still that shine was something i really liked, something no other phone ive seen ever had. Well the battery part is decent, not too good not too bad maybe around 5-6 hours if you talk continuously and it can stay on for a whole day if you dont use it much. It's wifi was pretty bad though, i think its range was too less but im not really sure, just look it up before buying it, if that is important to you. The speaker was much louder than i expected and those headphones are just awesome. I think ive covered eveything... Overall its a great phone even without considering its cost. If this is your budget then dont look at anything else, cuz they are all a disappointment (except for the HTC wildfire, but it has a screen with lower res. so...meh! :p) Just PRAY that your piece is not defective.

I've had this phone since it came out and I STILL wouldn't trade it in for any other phone on the market!  I've gotta give a lot of credit to the developers on that though, since they have supported this phone so well.  Rooted, overclocked, undervolted Nexus One w/ CyanogenMod's latest... WINNING!

I bought this phone for my wife for Christmas.  She had been envying my company-issued iPhone 3GS for several months, so I was resigned to buying her a personal one for Christmas, but the dilemma was, we would have to drop our account with Cincinnati Bell Wireless (CBW) and switch to AT&T.;  I didn't want to leave CBW because they're responsive, they're very competitive with their rates, and their are NO contracts!  So, I decided to look first for a Droid phone which could compete with iPhone4 and run on CBW's 3G network.  (CBW uses the 1700/2100 Bands for their 3G service, which is the same used by T-Mobile - so you have to make sure any unlocked phone has those bands).I would have bought a Droid phone directly from CBW, for a cheaper price and peace-of-mind warranty, but their top line model was the Motorola Milestone, running on Droid 2.1.  I tried the Motorola in Cincinnati Bell's store, and frankly it was unimpressive.  It seemed slow in response and frankly, the handset just felt like cheap plastic.  Making matters worse, it only has 150 MB of internal memory and CBW did not have a schedule to upgrade to Froyo (Droid 2.2) which would allow Apps on the SD memory card.  So those 90,000 Apps the Droid world likes to brag about would have been virtually useless on the Motorola.  The Salesman admitted he only had 7 Apps because he was running out of phone memory!Hence, I started looking at the Google Nexus One on Amazon.com.  It runs on CBW's 3G Network (and T-Mobile's for those on that network), has 500 MB of internal memory, and was promising to upgrade to Droid 2.2 Froyo soon.  The drawback: Unlocked versions of this phone are sold only through Amazon's partners who import them from Europe and offer NO Warranty and let's face it, this is an expensive phone!  What to do?  I took a chance and bought it.I had an initial panic when I put a CBW SIM card in for the first time because it was only getting 2G (No 3G or Edge).  However, I soon went directly to the Cincinnati Bell Website who gave the Access Point Network (APN)input values (unlike with some smart phones, the Nexus One didn't automatically pick these settings up).  After I entered the APN, I immediately got a 3G signal - a great first test!  Ok, we're good to go and she gets it for Christmas!The result: This phone is fabulous and my wife hasn't put it down since I gave it to her.  As soon as she launched it with her SIM card, it immediately got 3G from Cincinnati Bell and then it informed her that it wanted to upgrade its operating system!  Voila, within 5 minutes it was running on Android Froyo 2.2.  That means many, many Apps can be moved from the phone to the SD Card, saving valuable memory on the phone.This phone has a fantastic screen and absolutely screams when launching Apps, the Browser, or any other task.  It blows my iPhone 3Gs away (sorry I cannot compare to iPhone 4 because I don't have one).So I recommend this phone to anyone on T-Mobile or Cincinnati Bell's 3G Network who want a viable alternative to iPhone.  Here's a summary of Pros and Cons:PROSComes with an immediate Upgrade to Android Froyo and the ability to put Apps on the SD Memory CardAccess to thousands of Apps on the Google NetworkLightning FastGorgeous DisplayRemovable Battery - you can buy an extra battery for backup for long days or trips.  You can't do that with iPhone!Extremely Durable with a Titanium CaseExcellent Camera WITH a flash.  iPhone 3Gs has no flashCONSThis phone is sold by Amazon Partners, not directly from Amazon.  They're imported and have no warranty and don't have the standard Amazon no questions asked return policy.  Recommendation: Peruse the list of sellers closely for return policy.  Make sure you pick one who gives you at LEAST 30 days to test drive the phone.  It might be worth it to pay a little more for the phone to get a good return policy in the event of a problem.You'll have to set it up yourself to make sure it operates properly on your network.  This is not really a problem but might be a challenge if you haven't done this before. Cincinnati Bell Users can go to their web page for set-up instructions or simply call them up.  They'll SMS the settings to you or talk you through it on the phone.  Don't worry, it's easy.Droid Phones don't synch directly with Outlook Contacts (this is true of all Droid phones, not just the Nexus One).  However, their are third party Droid Apps which will solve this problem for you.  Look for a company called Companionlink.  They offer a free trial period, but you'll probably buy it within days once it's loaded all your Outlook contacts so easily.SUMMARYThis is a great phone, which I believe blows iPhone away.  The Cons I've listed are simply to make you aware, but none of them comes close to compromising the Pro's.  It's an outstanding phone I recommend highly.

I purchased this phone which was supposed to have 1 full year US warranty. But it turned out no warranty which was confirmed by HTC who is the manufacturer. I was cheated on this order. I spent one whole evening to communicate with the CSR and his supervisor. The "best" solution Amazon can offer is $10 promotion credit. It is really really unfair!

PROS:* Outstanding call quality* Great looking screen* Speedy performance* Still camera is above average for a phone* Included accessories aren't garbageCONS:* Excessive heat generated during normal use* Battery cover can be difficult to remove* Phone is very fragile, especially the screen* Very quiet ringer and alarm, even at highest volumeCALL QUALITY: 10/10Call quality is superlative.SCREEN: 7/10Brightness, color reproduction, resolution and pixel density are all good.  The screen itself feels extremely fragile, however, and I would not feel safe without a screen protector on it.CPU/GPU AND WIFI PERFORMANCE: 8/10The CPU and GPU handle nearly everything with aplomb.  Wifi reception improves with Gingerbread, but range is still limited.CAMERA: 8/10I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the images the Nexus One produces, particularly outdoors without a flash.EXTRAS: 10/10The wired headset included with the Nexus One is above average when used for voice calls.BATTERY: 5/10Upgrading to Gingerbread will reduce power consumption for most tasks, but even then battery life is only average compared to similar devices.  Battery temperature sometimes exceeds 45C (113F).BUILD QUALITY, DURABILITY AND APPEARANCE:  2/10It requires a LOT of pressure to release the battery cover, and I can feel the screen buckling under my fingers every time.  The Nexus One is very fragile but overall looks good.  The silver paint started coming off after one week of gentle use, and it malfunctions with high-heat activities (e.g. GPS and 3G internet).  Add at least $30 to the cost to buy quality screen and body protectors.EXTERNAL SOUND AND AUDIO: 2/10The external speaker is just terrible.  Even at full volume, it's mostly a garbled mess of quiet sound.CONCLUSION:  6/10The Nexus One performs most tasks well but won't last long if you aren't especially careful with it.

I just wish it had a frontal camera that i could skype with my friends and family overseas....Don't get me wrong I do like this phone..

I am glad that Google came out with this phone. I bought/ordered this phone on very first day of its release and this sleek phone was in my hand next day morning. First phone to jump to 1Ghz processor, high resolution screen, dual microphone with noise canceling features, led flash, stylish looks and stylish accessories with latest Android OS version 2.1and at same time first phone to have FROYO (Android 2.2) officially.This phone did set standards for many to match including iPhone.As a developer, I am so glad to have this phone as this is the only hardware that I can use to test Android 2.2 applications.I would love to see Google come out with another phone. For me Nexus One was much worth price.

I was on the phone this morning with HTC USA who informed that they are no longer doing repairs on Google-HTC Nexus One cellphones. This was not a warranty repair since the phone was bought October 2010. They are not doing repairs even though the customer is willing to pay.

I purchased this phone last July 2011 and the power button is broken.  I followed the instruction and shipped back to HTC for repair.  HTC claimed Amazon is not authorize dealer and need to charge 60 dollars.  I called Amazon and they said it should be manufacturer warranty (HTC), but since Amazon is not authorize dealer and HTC denied the claim.FOR YOUR REFERENCE, ALL THE INFORMATION BELOW means NOTHING since Amazon is not authorize dealer (HTC repair department told me).  Very disappointed.  And the phone is sold directly from Aamzon.com LLC directly!--------------------------------------http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=200355910--------------------------------------Nexus One Warranty InformationReturns and warranty: WarrantyHow long does the warranty cover the phone?Your warranty coverage depends on where you live:European Union: the warranty coverage extends twenty-four (24) months from the date of original purchase.All other locations (including the United States): the warranty coverage extends twelve (12) months from the date of original purchaseWhat kind of things are NOT covered by the warranty?The warranty does not cover physical damage to the surface of your Nexus One, including but not limited to cracks or scratches on the screen or camera lens. The warranty also does not provide coverage for issues related to third-party applications you've installed. What kind of things can void the warranty coverage?Here are a few examples of actions that void the warranty coverage:rough handling of the deviceexposure of the device to extreme conditionstampering with the device, including removal or defacing of the serial number, IMEI number, or water indicatorunauthorized opening or repair of the devicetampering with or short-circuiting the batteryunlocking the bootloader using the fastboot programFor a complete list, refer to the warranty card included with your Nexus One and also available below. How does the warranty process work?HTC offers two options for the warranty process:Device swap: The device swap is the quickest way to get a working phone again. A new device will be sent to you, together with a box for returning the defective device. You should remove the SIM card, the battery, and the microSD card from the defective phone, insert them into the new device, and return the defective phone in the box provided.If you have engraved your phone with a personal message, the device that you receive will not include the engraving, and the engraving on the defective device will not be sent back to you. If you want to keep your engraving, you can opt for the express repair option.Express repair: With this option, you send the defective device to the HTC service center. HTC will perform the repair and send you back your device, including the original engraving.How can I initiate a warranty repair?The first step is to request a ticket number by calling HTC, the number for which can be found in the Service & Repair section of the HTC website. An HTC representative will guide you through the process and either (a) arrange for the delivery of the swap device or (b) send you shipping instructions to an email address you provide (if you prefer the express repair model).What happens if I send my device for warranty repair, and it turns out the defect is not covered by the warranty?If the HTC service center detects that the device is not covered by the warranty, an HTC representative will contact you to determine what to do next. You can choose to pay for the repairs (the HTC representative will provide you a quote), or you can opt to have HTC send you back the device, in which case your credit card will be charged the round-trip shipping fees, as well as an examination fee of $28.

I got this phone as a gift 5 months ago.  It's my first "smart phone".I waited forever for this phone to be released.  I have not been disappointed!!This phone has been nothing but awesome for me.  I am extremely demanding withmy electronics.  I expect them to do everything without problems.  The apps inthe Android Marketplace are nothing short of incredible!!  My phone is capableof doing things never before imagined.  Now with the release of Android 2.2 it'snow possible to use the phone as a wi-fi hotspot for up to 5 devices, view webpages with FLASH content and browse the internet even faster.  The build qualityis superior.  Battery life is VERY good.  The phone is super fast. It does everythingyou would want a phone to do and even more.  My only complaint is that self-portraitsare difficult at best.  Definitely the best phone on the market, except for the new EVOfrom HTC on Sprint.  This phone is only usable on T-Mobile and AT&T;.

i've experienced the g1,blackberry storm, moto cliq, iphone and many many more but none have even come close 2 being as wonderful as this one except the iphone....however i hate at@t so i would never go back...plus this phone has tons of free apps, and loads extremely fast, it beats the iphone by a few secs....i have no idea why sellers r selling this phone way above $529, which is the price u pay when buying directly from google so word of a advice be smart ppl and enjoy ur terrific phone! i know i am!

I bought this cellphone because i love the HTC, and so far i'm very pleased with it, excelent performance, i got signal in almost everywhere, and i'm very happy. xD

I must admit that I may not be the authority on smart phones, I came from using a five year old Motorola Razor. I do however love Google applications, Mail, Calender, Voice. This phone is amazing. I am so happy even with the large price tag (unlocked). I bought this phone without the intention of getting a data plan because I don't need to browse while I drive, and the GPS while cool, is not important to me. I use Wifi at home, work, and school. The Wifi allows me to do everything a data plan would do. Apps are good enough for me, and seem to be increasing. Call quality is better than my land line, impressive. The only small things I have noticed is the speaker is on the back and if it is resting on something the sound is muffled making calls on speaker difficult (absolutely not a deal-breaker). The Speech-to-text is awesome, pretty accurate if you can annunciate and speak clearly, I use it all the time. Anything people say about multi-touch is a weak argument, the features to zoom etc.. are great. Amazing phone, I have been watching all the iPhone commercials to see if my phone can do that too, and it can. Thanks Google.

I received it a few days ago. Loving it!! I live in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and the phone works great in TIM's GSM and 3G. Now my wife wants one, too! By Breno (not Luis as shown above!)

I bought this phone brand new from CellularNet and the transaction was very smooth and insanely fast !!!As far as the phone goes, I realize it is 2 year old technology, but I wasn't going to commit to 2 year contract and I also wasn't going to pay 600$ for a miniature monitor. I like the phone to be rather portable and compact, I don't really care for large bricks. There is large screen in the theater for watching movies if you want to go big.I use it with T-mobile pay as you go plan, works wonderfully.Colors and sharpness of the image is quite outstanding, I mostly use minimum brightness setting unless being outside where I do AUTO brightness.Battery would get me through the 10-12hr day easily with Wi-Fi on almost for the entire day and synchronization enabled. However, after rooting the phone, installing CPU tuner and underclocking the "screen off" mode I can do ~100 texts, email synchronizations enabled ~30 emails, Wi-Fi ON for the entire day, ~ 40-60 min calling time and still be around 50-60% of battery life in the evening, which I think is pretty good. It takes about 2hrs to charge it on AC power from low 30's to full charge.Rooting this phone is also recommended as it is the only way to remove bloatware such as twitter, facebook, amazon MP3, Ebooks ...Trackball feature seemed rather dumb idea along the touchscreen, but it turns out it is very useful for clicking the correct tab/link when you are browsing and you don't want to zoom into the page just to be able to log in for example. It is also very clever for times when silent mode is enabled. If you miss the vibe (I have it completely disabled) at the time of the message, the trackball LED flashes will let you know you there is distraction/salvation for you to get you through that boring meeting... just don't burst out laughing upon reading funny SMS.-Touchscreen is acting up after I return from cold outdoors, but this could actually be due to dry environment and different capacitance on my hands? But it is annoying because typing is impossible at that time for about 5 min.-N1 has rather low internal storage, but I move most of downloaded Apps to SD card so it is not too bad.-Front face camera would be very nice, especially for skype video calls.-Google Voice App hangs up or refuses to send SMS, but I am not sure if this is to be blamed on app developers or the phone manufacturer.This phone feels nice in hands and can be easily operated by one hand even if you are wearing gloves size S. Despite its age it still doesn't give an impression of being slow, it is very responsive. Screen is superb. Battery, after rooting and changing settings, has very decent run time and it recharges quickly.Overall I am quite happy with this phone.

Excellent phone, I recommend it. Works great, no flaws or faults. I am really pleased with my new nexus one.

After 6 months this phone started becoming non-responsive at times. While still very much under warranty I discussed with HTC resolutions to my issue. They suggested a factory reset to the item, which did not work, and that if it didnt work that I could return the item after providing a proof of purchase. I faxed to them my Amazon receipt, to which they replied that because I purchased the item on Amazon they would not warranty it.HTC does not consider Amazon a legitimate market place.Amazon has worked with me on this issue and at this point has provided me with a return label and a promise that they will reimburse me with a fair amount, which I consider to be good business.***Amazon is a GREAT place to buy and you should be confident that they stand behind their products***HTC does not stand behind their products

This phone is all that and a bag of chips. Rather than go into technical detail what I would like to say is this: At no point have I felt like this phone was having its way with me. There was no sense of compromise, no software I had to leave on the main page, no program I had to go around to do what I wanted, and no feature I had to use if I didn't want to. There was no accidentally hitting a button and signing up for a crappy random service (I'm looking at you AT&T; navigator). The software was easy to navigate through (once I realized I could pull the top screen tab down with a swipe). Going from a call, to the net, to the music player, to a picture, to a message and back is breeze.I love this phone.I experienced a few minor hiccups with apps that Google was nice enough to refund me for at the press of a button. No human intervention necessary.I love the fact there is a light up trackball on the phone that I have never used. I really do.

Hmmm contrary to the stellar reviews here, mine maybe different and I hate to admit that the Nexus one isnt as good as I thought it was, not even near to that. I have a nokia e71, excellent phone PERIOD, had to give it to my girlfriend and I needed a new phone.I had to decide between the iphone and the nexus one, I hate apple cuz I have a 30gb classic video ipod and the experience I had with it was very bad. I just hate the way apple complicates things for users with the itunes and all. Iphone out of picture. Based on a weeks research ive decided to get the nexus one. Got it the next day  thanks to the overnight shipping from google. Coming to the nexus one, beautiful,awesome screen, easy UI, everything was just so great BUT BUT had to return the phone after 2 days. I cudnt even eat the whole day I sent the phone back, everything was so nice except for the damn wifi issues. It drove me mad and I went berserk searching on the net for fixes, downloaded the wifi fixer, tried a million things from the forums but nothing worked. The wifi connects only to open networks, it did connect to my wpa secured home network but the connection drops every 3-5 min and i had to reconnect that again. My friend's WEP secured network doesnt even connect. As a last resort I called google hoping they will be able to fix it, the representative asked me to return the phone cuz maybe I got a defective piece. The customer service was gr8, they offered the full amount I paid back, didnt charge me the restocking fee(im glad). Even now I cant believe I had to send it back, such a gr8 phone except for the wifi issues. I hope its a defect only in my phone. Please do google NEXUS ONE WIFI issues before you buy the phone, just dont want you guys to be disappointed like me. If you dont care about the wifi, dont even think of any other phone, you wont find any, iphone is just a toy when compared to this. I even ordered a casemate for the nexus one, lost 30 bucks for that now that I dont have the nexus one anymore, anyway the case was ugly so no regrets, If you are looking for a nexus case go for the sedio innocase ii.

I jumped into android with a G1 on T-Mobile shortly after it came out and have been quite pleased with the android operating system overall. I upgraded to the Nexus One the day it became available for order on Google's website. I'm writing this review from the point of view of someone who has probably above average computer skills and the want/know how to do deeper customization of their phone (ie, loading cyanogen roms, creating custom icons/skins, etc).I've been using my Nexus One for over a year and have been very happy with my purchase. I primarily use it for work, reading/sending e-mails, conference calls, viewing spreadsheets and other documents. Exchange e-mail support was completely lacking on android at launch, but a few months after launch some apps began to support it. Nitrodesk's Touchdown app was what I started using as they were one of the first apps to give true exchange support and I continue to use it today even though exchange support is added to the built in e-mail application. Touchdown offers quite a few more in depth features than the built in e-mail application and I found it well worth the $15 or so I spent for a life-time license.Display: 8/10The AMOLED display of the Nexus One is great, though some of the newer phones such as the Samsung Galaxy S (in all it's carrier specific variations, but specifically the Vibrant since my roommate has one) have even more brilliant displays thanks to the next generation Super AMOLED technology. The main thing you'll notice on the Nexus One display is that the blacks are truly black, not a silvery-grey like on a typical LCD screen. If you prefer using darker themes/wallpapers (and I do) you'll also have the added advantage of improved battery life. Compared to the display of the iphone4, colors I feel are a bit more rich on the Nexus One, but the iphone offers greater clarity due to a higher dpi display.Performance: 9/10At the time it was launched, the Nexus One was hands down the best android device on the market performance wise. Today, it is still for most people going to have more than enough processing power to do the day to day things they want out of their phone. Web browsing is smooth and easy (though flash does slow down the browser a bit, I still prefer to have support for it and the option to easily shut off flash rather than no flash capability at all). The trackball comes in handy when trying to navigate small links nested closely together on a page. I don't play a lot of games on my phone, but the few I've played ran smoothly (Angry Birds for example ran great). Opening spreadsheets/PDFs/word docs in most cases only takes 2-3 seconds, even large spreadsheets with over 5k rows open in a matter of seconds and scroll smoothly (using Documents To Go).Call Quality: 9/10I've never had a dropped call on my Nexus One. The earpiece is loud enough for my needs, though if I'm in a noisy area such as a bar it can be difficult to hear even with the volume up all the way. That being said, people on the other side can hear me perfectly fine even if I'm in very noisy surroundings. The secondary mic on the back of the phone serves for noise canceling and apparently does an excellent job since I've never had someone comment about background sounds during a call. The built in speaker on the Nexus One is adequate, but by no means stellar. For voice calls it's fine, but for the playing of music or movies it's really lacking in that it doesn't get very loud and is more tinny than other speakers on similar phones (my roommate's Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant for example has MUCH better speaker sound quality).On Screen Keyboard: 6/10I loved my G1's physical keyboard and could type 50-60 wpm with fewer errors than I can with the Nexus One virtual keyboard. While the iphone's virtual keyboard is definitely superior to the stock android keyboard, I still far prefer a physical keyboard if I'm going to be typing up a lot of text. I've used Swype and SwiftKey as replacement keyboards and both offer superior usability than the stock android keyboard. Swype was good at reducing typos but overall was slower for actual word input. It however did provide better one hand support. SwiftKey is my keyboard of choice as it offers a superior keyboard for regular text entry (ie, using two thumbs in landscape mode) and it's predictive text engine is superb making it where after a few weeks of use it can guess what word I'm entering or going to enter next about 75% of the time which reduces my overall number of keystrokes greatly.Battery Life: 7/10My G1 had pretty bad battery life. I ended up getting a 2200mah battery for it because it was draining so quickly, this added quite a bit of bulk to the phone but let me go without a charge for about 24 hours under regular use. The Nexus One comes with a 1400mah battery and I can typically go about 16 hours without having to plug it in. A typical day for me involves about 2 hours of calls, sending/receiving around 100 e-mails, checking Twitter (via Twidroyd) once or twice, sending/receiving ~10 text messages, and sending/receiving 50+ messages over Google Chat. I always have 3g connectivity enabled and enable wifi while at work or at home. At the end of the day when I get home my battery is at about 30% so I plug it in when I go to sleep each night. Compared to my friends with an iphone, that's a noticeably bigger drain. My biggest recommendations for people trying to squeeze more battery life out of their Nexus One would be to use the auto-brightness setting (further configurable through the Cyanogen ROM) and to use dark backgrounds (or even just a plain black background). These two things will easily let your battery last a few more hours a day. When checking what most consumes my battery life, it's almost always the display. So anything you can do to reduce the amount of power being consumed by the display will do a great deal to increase your battery life.Camera/Video Recording: 7/10The Nexus One has a 5mp camera with single LED flash. Pictures are clear, though tend to have warmer than true color tones. Video recording is just adequate, with frame rates being a little lacking and the picture slightly fuzzy. I'm not sure of the actual video resolution on the Nexus One, but videos are not nearly as clear or fluid as my roommate's Galaxy S which records at 720p.Hardware Quality: 8/10The overall hardware quality of the Nexus One is above average. I've never used a case/screen guard and until a couple months ago, never had a scratch on the screen or a chip/scratch on the chassis. However, I ended up dropping my phone on to a concrete floor with it landing screen side down. That resulted in a pair of small scratches on the top of the screen and a couple of very small scratches on the side of the aluminum casing. I regularly carried my phone in my pocket with my keys, and before that drop never had any scratches on the device. Compare this to a friend who has an iphone 3gs the back of which is riddled with scratches.Overall: 8/10I'm overall very pleased with my purchase of the Nexus One. It's been an excellent phone for me offering great functionality as an actual phone, while also being above par in terms of multimedia capabilities. That being said, I am looking to upgrade to the HTC Sensation 4g once it becomes available on T-Mobile this June. I don't have any complaints about my Nexus One or a real reason to give it up, but I'm itching to try out the Sensation and I feel it is really the successor to the Nexus One instead of the Samsung Nexus S which really just looks like a repackaged Galaxy S with a couple extra features.

Overall, the Nexus One is a great phone. It's fast, has a good looking and good size screen. And I think, best of all, it gets the latest update of android software right when it comes out. It is the standard phone for running Android OS.

Be extremely careful when purchasing this product !!!First of all, most likely the product you'll get this late in the game comes from the other markets (Europe, Far East).In case that anything goes wrong with the device, HTC will not honor the manufacturer's warranty. Even though the phoneis technically identical, they use it as a lame excuse to not honor the warranty.Secondly, by the time something happens with your device, the seller will be long gone out of business.Thirdly (and most shamefully), amazon.com behaves much like that don't know anything about anything, they will act indolentlyin your attempt to rectify the issue.Forget about the whole deal - that's my honest advice.

La versi&oacute;n de este tel&eacute;fono es el PB99100 y realmente he tenido ese peque&ntilde;o gran inconveniente, as&iacute; que he averiguado a fondo, ya que solo puedo navegar en velocidad edge (La m&aacute;s pobre: 42kbps max), una l&aacute;stima.Y ahora se que en mi pa&iacute;s Ecuador las operadoras Movistar y Claro trabajan en frecuencias 850/1900/2100 y en la mayor&iacute;a de latino am&eacute;rica. Pero este modelo PB99100 trabaja en frecuencias 900/1700/2100. En realidad deb&iacute; haber comprado el modelo PB99110que trabaja en las mismas frecuencias de latino am&eacute;rica. Pero no lo he encontrado en ninguna de las tiendas de EEUU.Por lo de m&aacute;s el tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno y trabaja muy bien con wifi el &uacute;nico inconveniente es con el internet de la operadora.

Let me start off by stating, this is my unproven opinion with zero evidence. But many will already agree..... So, even though the N1 was released about a year ago, this phone has still failed to show it's age. Many people had the chance to own the only "true Google phone", however considering the way it was marketed, I can understand why sales were bleak. In retrospect, this turned out to be win win for the original owners, as this phone is now seen as a limited edition, and with a huge envy directed at the Nexus One. It is true many Android phones with similar specs/better have been released (And I have used many extensively), but there is only one Android phone. The Google Nexue One.

I won't do the "technical" review since so many others do it much better than I ever could. I'm just a technophile who appreciates a good phone, and not willing to go to AT&T; and pay a hundred plus bucks a month for an iPhone. Other touchscreen phones left me cold, and the blackberry? Not so much.The Goolgle Nexus by far is THE best all around smart phone I've ever used. Some have described it as a computer in your pocket and I heartily concur. This IS a computer in your pocket. The browser is really fast and really easy to use, and the app store, while not as prodigious as the apple version, ain't that shabby either.Just suffice it to say, this phone really rocks my socks. For the first time ever, I'm gonna say People?BELIEVE the Hype!!!! This phone is ALL that!

The phone worked beautifully for the month that I had the device working. It was running Android software 2.2.1 and then eventually updated to Android 2.3.4. However the screen ended up crapping out on me with no physical damage to the phone. So I called up HTC and discovered that the phone was Canadian and the US HTC Center wouldn't fix the phone. They gave me Videotron's number to have my phone fixed, however I called videotron and they couldn't help me at all. So now I have a broken phone that I can't get serviced anywhere in North America. So if you live in the United States you will not have a warranty on this device. I am gonna try and get a refund through Amazon

I bought this phone less than a year ago. I loved it when I first got it. Solid feel, looks great. It was my first Android phone and I was so happy to jump on that bandwagon. Nexus One could do lots of things I couldn't do before with my Blackberry and Nokia. Unfortunately, 6 months into use with great care, the touch screen became really crazy. It won't do what I was aiming to do. Sometimes it'll just vibrate and do nothing at all. If you look online, a lot of people are having the same issue. And no one really knows if it's hardware or software. Finally after a mere 7 months, it died on me. If someone could fix my Nexus One completely, I'd love to keep using it. But I won't shell out another $200 for HTC to "fix" it...

I bought my first Nexus Google phone for over $300 in Nov 2011......and it worked just fine. I loved it! I dropped it on cement in March 2013, and the face of it shattered. I was pleased to see I could purchase a new one on Amazon for only $155 so i did. When it arrived and I set it up it worked fine. On day 3, without me having touched any settings, the screen language was a foreign language I could not read. I went online on my laptop and was able to figure out how to reset it to the original language, but problems snowballed from there. I kept getting a popup message that prevented me from using text, email or the phone. This experience was a complete disaster. I will never ever buy another Nexus phone.

First about me (so you know where I'm coming from and why my views are the way they are): I'm a senior at UC Berkeley and have been playing/building/using computers and anything techy since I was a kid. My last phone was the G1 and before that I used Sony Ericsson's phones. Now, I don't have a data plan, so I only ever buy phones unlocked. I know lots of people will think I'm dumb for doing this but my logic works like this. I spend 40% of my time on campus, another 40% of my time at home, and the last 20% out at restaurants, etc. This means that 80% of my time is spent in an area with wifi access, and thus I "have" data 80% of the time. This is NOT a bad deal at all; I have no internet only about 20% of the time and yet save $2000?some dollars every two years.Also: IMPORTANT. This phone comes unlocked (yes!) with Froyo, aka Android 2.2. The phone will tell you it is up to date and refuse to update to Gingerbread 2.3. I'll explain how to get it to 2.3 at the end.General:With that in mind, this phone has worked great for that purpose. My last G1 was fantastic for texting because it had a great keyboard. But being the first Android phone, it lagged in applications, UI, etc. The N1 (Nexus One) doesn't have any of those problems. Applications load quickly, and there's no noticeable lag moving in between menus. Upon turning this phone on, one of the first things I did was to immediately get all my apps back. I downloaded around 20 apps, all of which downloaded quickly (via wifi, as I've explained earlier). I had zero glitches with apps not installing, whereas with my G1 I would often have to reinstall updates and apps to get them to work.In the looks category, this is a beautiful phone. I was a bit worried because the description said the phone is brown colored, but to be honest it's probably more gray than brown. Perhaps the best part is that the phone is metal. Not metallic, not plastic, not plastic painted in a metallic color, but actual honest-to-goodness metal. This gives the phone a feeling of durability and quality.Screen/buttons:The screen is beautiful, really. I know there are better ones out there now, what with qHD and all, but let's remember that this is an "old" phone. (Old meaning 1.5 years.) You're getting it for $250, unlocked, whereas one of those newer phones unlocked today could be anywhere from $500+ (IPhone 4 is $550+ as I write this review). The AMOLED screen looks great and touch function is great as well. Also, there's a trackball. I know lots of people don't love it so much, but I actually used the trackball on my old G1 all the time, so I'm perfectly happy with a trackball again. From my personal experience, the trackball is most useful when you're texting and make a typo. Using your finger to move the pointer in between letters to correct typos is pretty difficult. The Gingerbread update addresses this issue somewhat, but I find that the best way to navigate between letters is to just use the trackball. (Plus, the trackball lights up in colors. How awesome is that?)Some caveats: no, the screen won't look beautiful out in direct sunlight. On the other hand, I've never found a device that can offer a beautiful screen with anti-glare properties that's cheap as well. You've got to sacrifice something, right? If this is really an issue, there are anti-glare/reflective screen protectors you can buy online if you really do use the phone outside often.Finally, the four touch buttons along the bottom of the screen are a bit finicky. Physical buttons would have been more useful, but not as good looking. After a bit of experience, I've found that the buttons react to different touches better, and in specific areas. Play around to find what works for you. At first I found myself often double-pressing to get the buttons to activate, but I have it down now to about working 90% of the time.Battery Life and other stuff:No this thing can't last you a week's worth of Angry Birds in one charge. Realistically, it's around 1 to 1.5 days, up to 2 if all you do is minimal texting. Not likely in today's world, but I've never had a problem with sticking the phone into the charger once every night. If you charge it every night you can expect the phone to last you through the next day, so you'll be fine. (:One thing worth noting: the phone gets hot while charging, both via AC and USB. There weren't any issues with heat from just using it, but this might be something to take note of.Gingerbread update!!!!:This was surprisingly easy to do. It should take you no more than 10 minutes if you know what you're doing. Essentially, the phone has been fooled into thinking it's updated 100% due to carrier restrictions, blablabla. What you need to do is reset the phone to an earlier version, at which point Google will notice something is wrong, and its automatic update service  (OTA, aka over the air) will kick in. This works because as a Google dev phone, all Nexus Ones by Google's own policy should have the latest version (:For a really detailed explanation, just google Goodbye Vodafone UK Nexus One ROM.This thing is way too long and detailed and I DID NOT have to go through all the steps. I'll summarize the applicable steps here in case you're a little confused.1. Download "Passion_Google_WWE_2.16.1700.1_FRG33_MFG_Shipment_ROM.zip." Extract it and then rename it as passimg.2. Transfer the passimg file into the root of your SD card. Root means the main SD card folder, not inside any of the subfolders.3.Now, to downgrade your phone. First, turn the phone off. Don't forget to turn off the USB file transfer and to safely remove hardware before doing so.4. Hold the volume down key, then turn on the phone. Hold the volume down key the whole time, and even AFTER you let go of the power button. When you see a white screen with some gibberish and multi-colored funky font text, you can let go of the volume button.5. Use the volume down key to scroll down to recovery and hit the power button to select it. At this point the phone should search through your SD card automatically for the passimg file and then downgrade your 2.2 to an older version.6. At this point, you are literally good to go. Within ten minutes or so of me downgrading my Froyo to this older patch, I got a notification that a system update was available. I hit okay, and the phone quickly updated itself to the latest Gingerbread 2.3.4. (:7. If you don't get the OTA update within 30 minutes of steps 1-6, you might want to try to continue manually patching with the instructions or wait for the OTA update. Your call, since I got my system update really quickly.Final notes: Very very happy with the phone. (: Oh, and make sure you have a gmail account, because it will make set up A LOT easier.

The phone is working fine but wasn't expecting to receive a used phone with lots of scratches on the sides and at the top (luckily not on the screen) and in a generic box.

I bought this phone on the google website when it first came out, My contract ended already and i had the chance to get a new phone, but even though this phone is a yr old it can still compete with current phones. Not to mention is is VERY sturdy, i was running across the street to catch my bus and the phone fell off my pocket!!! it landed in the middle of the street!the battery fell out and i thought for sure my phone was a goner!! But sure enough the screen? no scratches! the phone? as if i never dropped it! only thing it had from the fall was a small scratch on one of the corners. :D It is also a great phone to hack, (mine is modded, It also allows the use wifi tethering FREE!! it never shows up in my bill :D but thats cuz it was hacked :D) If u hack make sure to give it to someone who knows what they are doing. Over all the best phone ive ever had, oh and dont get the Nexus S, its not the same one, the nexus One is made by htc, nexus S is made by samsung.

I purchased two smartphones from Mitchel Berkowitz.  The first phone had a battery life of a maximum of one hour since a month after we received it.  The second phone won't even turn on now.  I have had both phones for six months only.  Both phones have never been dropped and have never encountered any water damage.  I also do not believe the batteries that came with the "new" phones were the originals.Google Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown)

I was contemplating getting the Samsung-made Nexus S, but after reports of its cheapo plasticky body and the odd shape I decided to go with the slightly older N1.  It's got that great HTC feel combined with the Android OS, and I wanted the trackball/LED feature anyway so that I would know if I have unread messages.  Although the body is sleek and well-designed, I'd highly recommend also picking up an Otterbox protective case (they are without question the BEST of the best, yet reasonably priced) if you plan on buying one of these babies.

This is one of the best phone I've ever used.  It's fast, stable, and fully customizable.  It works wonderfully with T-mobile 3g web2go data plan for $10.  I love Amazon!!  They give away a free app a day!After a year of usage, the phone begin to have issues.  My wife and two other friends have this phone and all of us have the same problem with the screen.  Sometimes, the screen doesn't register your touch (especially when the phone gets hot) or register the wrong button.  A reboot usually solves the problem, but it always come back.

Very good finish, flawless startup process and very user friendly.The armdroid platform appears to be very estable and the applications available are very promising.Only comment is that the hardware is provided with a charger appliance that appears to be Europe standard...On the same fashion, the startup quick guide is in Danish or some other nordic language.

My phone updated to latest Gingerbread 2.3.4. It is faster with more responsive touch screen & excellent keyboard. Phone comes unlocked. I am glad with my purchase.

I almost cried when I returned theMotorola DROID A855 Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)to Verizon due to connectivity problems but now I am glad I ended up with theGoogle Nexus One Unlocked Phone!  This Nexus One hasn't failed me yet; it has strong 3G connectivity with T-Mobile and strong Edge connectivity with AT&T.;  The phone is gorgeous (AMOLED display - Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode) and amazingly fast (snapdragon processor) and fun (Android 2.1 interface enhancements)!I love the droid platform that you can customize and aren't stuck with the rigid iPhone experience.I love Google's turn by turn navigation which usually works for me by voice command such as "Navigate to Fry's Electronics" and it will give me choice on screen of which two locations in my city do I want directions to?  I touch screen my selection and it starts telling me how to drive there.  I have found Google's Navigation better than Garmin in that it gives a better gas-saving route and tells you the turns before you get to them rather than after you already passed them.  I do prefer hard keyboards which Nexus One doesn't have so Verizon's Motorola Droid wins out there!  I was hoping they had used the money saved on no landscape keyboard to put in BETTER microphones and really fix the Voice Command making typing obsolete, but no.  However, Swype and other keyboard apps can improve your virtual keyboard experience.  The phone has been dissected and the parts apparently come to $174 in change and the rest is Google's profit.Another reviewer said low battery on Nexus One, to fix that, just download free app Advanced Task Killer and shut down running software that you don't need running and it will last longer.  Also, you can make it run edge instead of 3G which will save on battery.  There are a lot of settings you can easily adjust to conserve your battery life.  Battery life for the Nexus One is as follows: 10 hours of 2G talk time or 7 hours of 3G talk time; 12 days of 2G standby time or 10.4 hours of 3G standby time; 5 hours of Internet use on 3G or 6.5 hours on Wi-Fi; 7 hours of video playback and 20 hours of audio playback. According to FCC radiation tests, the Nexus One has a digital SAR of 0.867 watt per kilogram.Also, another reviewer said that low privacy due to syncing with his desktop, but you can turn off syncing in your settings if you don't want them to sync.  The syncing is actually one of the features that I think appeals to most Android/google fans.I love the Amazon ap and being able to scan UPC codes to do comparison shopping and read Amazon reviews!The 3D AMOLED screen is breath-taking. The interactive wallpapers are fun.I bought the Nexus One unlocked from Google for $529 plus tax.  I have always been impressed with how innovative google is but the experience of buying a phone from them is horrid.  I would not do it again.  They are not providing any customer service other than to tell you to call TMobile about the service or HTC about hardware questions.  Google will not provide a customer service telephone number even AFTER you have given them almost $600; there is no customer service on the packing slip or anywhere to be found.  They have a help forum where supposedly you can get help from other CUSTOMERS but they themselves will not help you out.  TMobile CSRs say they will have this phone available for sale in their store by the end of January and I would definitely recommend buying it from them instead of Google. Also if you buy it from Google, TMobile insurance against damage, loss, theft, etc is unavailable; the only insurance you can get on the Google phone when you buy from google is from square trade which has a deductible and is limited in what it will cover.  I do really like and use the UNLOCKED status of the phone and don't know if TMobile will be selling it unlocked as that is something new to be offered in USA.  It is so great for traveling abroad; just pop in a prepaid SIM card from that country and you are ready to roll without roaming fees!  I suppose if TMobile doesn't sell it unlocked you just need to go to the same little bit of extra trouble to unlock the phone so you don't end up having to turn over the farm to TMobile/AT&T; for roaming fees!I received my phone 01/08/10 and am thinking it is a definite keeper but I am still playing around with it and learning it.  Nexus One is FUN!  It is pretty!  It is fast!  It is so enjoyable I have almost forgotten the awful Google buying experience.UPDATE jan 17 2010 - I brought my Nexus One to the AT&T; Kiosk and the guys there both said WOW, I was happy with my iPhone 3GS when I woke up this morning but now I want one of these!  I explained it was only on EDGE and not 3G but they said that the snapdragon processor made up for it that you notice the speed lag only in downstreaming video or megafiles.  they volunteered that AT&T; is "in no hurry" to get the Nexus One running on their 3G network since they can not sell the phone and all the retail profit is going to google; they are putting their efforts into their next new phone which I think they called the Elite.Google now has a couple of employees on their help forum attempting customer service but failing.  Google has made its fortune by advertising mostly and acting like any actual interaction with their customers will give them the cooties, so I guess it is too late to change.  Offering the phone unlocked when brand new is really great and may be lost if only sold by the carrier.  So Google if you are listening here is how you can go into the phone-selling business without getting the cooties - partner with Amazon and Wal-mart (retail and online).  These retail giants have proven records of consistent great customer service.  Let them sell your unlocked phones for you and collect a profit for providing customer service and you get to continue to rake in the big bucks without having any actual contact with your customers and not tarnish your reputation when people experience what it is like to interact with you rather than admire you from afar.  The retail store with the best customer service record in cellphones though is Best Buy; let them sell your phone unlocked and customer satisfaction will soar!Another reviewer said he didn't know why people would buy it here for more than what google charges but the answer is crystal clear - one google is not selling to many countries yet and secondly amazon will provide customer service and won't charge a re-stocking fee.I am really enjoying my Nexus One and am thinking it is the KEEPERFeb3, 2010 updateThis phone really shows off YouTube!  Their HD concerts and other clips are stellar to watch on this phone!  Watching theater previews on the movies app (free) is a fun experience.  The picture is HD and the sound quality is best with ear phones.While there are fewer apps than iPhone, there are more free apps.  How many apps does one need anyway?  I try to keep my phone light so it is ripped and ready to fly fast!There is a great silicone coating making the nexus one almost impossible to scratch!  There is a great YouTube video where someone is intentionally trying to scratch the nexus one screen as well as the back with their car keys and can't!  : )I got a computer in my pocket and I am lovin' it!UPDATE Feb9,2010 Now there is a Google Nexus one Customer Support number 888-48Nexus (888 486 3987) so might be worth a try to purchase from Google!  Maybe they have seen the light!Also software update released earlier this week includes MULTI-TOUCH that so many people seem to really like!UPDATE Feb16,2010 Google Voice is fully integrated on this phone so using it for texting in or out is as easy as the regular messaging icon.  But Google Voice has free text messaging so you can have your carrier block texting using their system and save the $10-20/month or whatever your carrier is currently charging you for texting.UPDATE April24,2010 I purchased the car dock and am loving my N1 even more!  You can use your phone with a Bluetooth headset while it's in the Car Dock; when you dock your phone for the first time, you'll be prompted with a dialog box to select the dock's audio settings. Just uncheck the "As speaker phone" option, and your phone will be able to pair with a Bluetooth headset. To change these settings later, go to Menu > Dock settings while Car Dock is running.UPDATE May31,2010 I guess the Nexus One is no longer available on google's website and will soon be sold in stores where you can pick up, touch, and play with before shelling out big bucks.  I am still very happy with my Nexus One!  If I was to choose again today the smartphone right for me, I would choose this one again.  My son just terminated iPhone Friday and got theHTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)from Verizon and that is probably the best choice for him as he wanted to leave AT&T; and go with Verizon.  The incredible is made by HTC like the Nexus One that I enjoy!  I love the open android platform and think he will fall in love with it too.  He has only had it a few hours but already is saying how cool it is to be so integrated with google unlike his iPhone.  I prefer my NexusOne as I can stick an activated GoPhone SIM card in there and it works; I don't have to sign a 2 year contract for overpriced service like my son did!  He had to pay AT&T; money too to get out of his iPhone contract.  I'm on wifi most of the time and just pay for AT&T; service when I need it and I am free to do something else if I ever decide to do so!I found this review comparing cameras between htc nexusone and htc incredible:  The Nexus One takes better pictures than the Droid Incredible.  How is that possible?! you say? The Incredible is 8MP, thats a whole THREE MORE MEGAPIXELS you say. Well, I think it boils down to the megapixel myth: the common belief that more megapixels equals a better camera, which isn't always the case. There are a wealth of other factors in play here, the lens, the flash, the CMOS sensor- all of which can contribute to better overall image quality.Also Engadget compared cameras on Incredible and N1: With all this talk of the Droid Incredible ousting  the Nexus One from Verizon Wireless, having a better multitouch implementation, and just being newer and shinier, you might think this comparison of cameras is just mercilessly piling on the pain for the original Googlephone. After all, the Nexus One and its 5 megapixel sensor came out a good few months ahead of the 8 megapixel Droid Incredible, so surely this battle would be over before it's even begun? Not so fast, says Android and Me, whose diligent testers have put the two HTC handsets through a side-by-side shootout. As it turns out, the Nexus One  rather swept the contest in both naturally and flash-lit shots, while the Incredible habitually exhibited a blue hue in less than perfectly lit photos. Both cameras were adept at taking excellent daylight photos, as is to be expected, but the devil is as usual in the details -- and you can find all of them at the source link below.YouTube has many short videos comparing nexus one to incredible or droid just type in nexus one vs incredible or type in nexus one vs droid or whatever phone you want to compare to.  Basically NexusOne and Incredible are very similar.  N1 one is a little bigger.  Incredible has more plastic.  incredible has track pad while N1 has trackball; both light up.  Incredible has HTC sense which gives you built in widgets; N1 uses google android widgets but you can download all the other widgets to N1 so the difference is really only that the incredible comes pre-loaded with the widgets through HTC Sense.  N1 has less storage. Incredible has an enhanced micro usb.  one might think since the Incredible camera has more megapixils that it takes better photos than N1 but that doesn't seem to be what reviewers comparing photos taken side by side are saying!  The Incredible gives you 7 homescreens with leap feature whereas N1 has only 5 homepages but really I am not using all 5 of my pages yet and plan on never doing so as how many apps does one need really?  I like to keep my smartphone trim and fast!  N1 has longer battery life than Incredible which may really be significant as short battery life is one of the major complaints for N1 and Incredible's is shorter; some say it is the HTC Sense that eats up the battery life so maybe incredible users will be uninstalling it, if THEY CAN!The other night we were out eating crab buckets at a very loud rowdy restaurant and we decided to go shopping afterwards but didn't know how to get to the mall from here so I pulled out my N1 and really didn't think it would work with all that noise, but i spoke navigate to xxx and it got it 100% perfect!  My friend's jaw dropped and said How did your phone do that?  My phone won't do that!  (she has a G1).  If you get the N1, you'll be hearing that a lot "How'd your phone do that?  mine won't do that...."To other reviewer Shunundo - i agree with you that speaker quality is tinky and really need to use with earbuds or bluetooth.  If you have trouble seeing in sunlight, adjust the settings and see if that helps.  the phone has automatic brightness, it has a light sensor built in, when you are in bright light, the brightness lowers, and raises when in the dark. You can disable this and customize the brightness level by going to Settings>Sound and Display>Brightness.  AMOLED screens are not the best choice if you are a lifeguard in the sun all day but prettiest for normal lighting day and night.  Also did you know you can turn your N1 camera flash into a flashlight without rooting it?  there are SEVERAL android apps for that.  I agree with you that wifi is the best way to go and I am on that almost all the time for speeds as fast as my desktop!UPDATE - On the wireless settings, there is an option for "Tethering & Portable Hotspot". Once you turn on "Portable Wi-fi Hotspot" you can tether any wireless device. Saw someone at the park on July 4th with the iPad, and 2 iPod Touches tethered to N1 ~ this completely blew all of us away as the 3G connection was lightning fast for all 3 gadgets! N1 wasn't rooted.UPDATE 7/20 My phone updated to Froyo 2.2 seems like weeks ago and my son's incredible hasn't updated yet; he is still on 2.1 and really wanting 2.2.  I've heard Nexus One owners are always going to get preferential treatment from Google over their other android customers.UPDATE 10/10/10 - I am still lovin' my Nexus One!  It just keeps getting better and better and I have not had a single thought about switching to anything else!UPDATE 8/18/11 - I AM STILL LOVING THIS PHONE  I was getting some error messages about insufficient HD and decided to upgrade my microSD card instead of deleting photos.  It came with a 4GB class 4 MicroSD card but is upgradable to 32GB.  I purchased a PNY 16GB class 10 card from Amazon for about $20 and now my phone is almost instantaneous on everything.  I can not imagine ever going with anything other than android when it comes to a phone.  No one can beat google navigation!  I did decide on a HP touchpad when it comes to a tablet but I am also VERY interested in the new android Hollywood tablet with a QUAD processor coming out by Amazon preset with amazon shopping.!!!  I just love that this phone just zips through everything!!!  Amazon's android app store can not be beat either.

i tried most of the cell phones but this nexus one is really different, till now i didn't see or find this sensitive touch in any other mobile!!! and ooooh my goood about the CAMERA IS MAGIC its not a normal camera its very brilliant!although i had a bad experience with HTC products but the nexus one is something different,buy it and feed me back lol

Purchased this unlocked phone, about a month ago. Took the sim card out of my very old, pay-as-you-go, T-Mobile phone and the Nexus One worked immediately. Calls are very clear. Wifi access to web is excellent. Quick and reliable. Migrated my Outlook calendar and contacts to Google apps. Easy process. Took minutes. Google Voice works fantastically, when I have a wifi connection. Very responsive touchscreen. Web access (via wifi) is good. Fairly fast. Flash support is good but far from perfect. You will definitely not get all of the Flash objects on web pages that you would otherwise be able to access on a desktop computer, but that's really an Android OS thing, and not an issue with the phone itself. Still, worth mentioning.Wish that the micro SD card was accessible without having to take the back off of the device, but not a big deal. I've not done much with the camera or video, but that's not why I purchased the phone. I have other devices forI was little worried about purchasing an unlocked phone, but have not had a single problem. Have not yet upgraded to newest Android OS. Still running Froyo, but no compatibility problems, yet.Would absolutely recommend this phone to others.

Beware of this shop.  They have a misleading title for the product as it does not include real warranty.My HTC Google Nexus One touch screen started to function really bad when kept open (you would touch one letter on the virtual keyboard and get another one instead as if selected).I contacted Pavilion Electronics but they didn't honor their so called "WARRANTY" as appears on the product name.Bottom line - don't buy from this shop.

I purchased this phone directly from Google last year.Pros:1. Android is great and being and google developer phone you get the new release directly from Google.2. Most of your data is stored in the cloud (except for sms and some other data), so when you decide to update to another android phone all you need to do is login and you data will be restored to the new phone.3. Fantastic apps like maps, navigation, google goggles, gmail, gvoice...4. Battery life has improved with the 2.3.4 update which is the current version as of this date.etc... I can go on and on about the pros, but many reviews have already covered them.Cons:1. If you are like me and do not use a protective cover around your phone, dust can easily get inside.2. You need to press slightly above the 4 buttons for the touch to register.3. When the phone gets hot (from using navigation for a while), the touch screen wont register your impressions correctly. The easy fix is to turn the screen off and on by pressing the lock button twice.4. The camera zoom spring is noisy and makes a sound if you shake the phone hard.Main issues resolved with android updates1. Battery life was a problem, but the battery life has been great with 2.3.4 release.2. Sometimes it does not automatically connect to your saved wifi. You will have to manually connect.Overall a great phone.One advise I have for people who travel a lot is the store their contacts numbers starting with + along with the international code. It makes life a lot easier when you travel and use a local sim.

Got my Nexus one last week. pretty late in buying, but got it for 260$ so felt was a good deal for an unlocked smart phone.Problem1# When I switched my fone on for the first time, it straightaway asks me for my google account user name/password. I looked up online for nexus one's manual(I was surprised that the package didn't have one), and it said "You must enter your good username/pass to continue" or something to that sort. I didn't have a data plan with AT&T; before so I was worried it wud use up a lot of data. I wanted to get it connected thru Wi-fi, but this is the only screen I see when I turn on the fone. I thought it might use a few kb to verify username/pass. I log in and immediately get in and turn off data.Next day I get email from ATT for high data usage. This horrible thing downloaded 9.5MB data on my line. ATT promptly added 95$ for pay-per-use-data. Worse, they added a data plan onto me for using a smart phone.I am so much angry at google for making a fone that1. instantly on turning on, asks to connect to web (with no warning on how much data it needs)2. downloads 9.5MB!! on the first connect. What were the makers thinking!!Now I am left with a burning 95$ to pay and 25$ data plan to pay for each month, to avoid which, I bought an unlocked fone in the first place.SUCKS!!!

I ordered two of these and had to send them both back with problems....would not turn off. Return within thirty days was no problem however and both my replacements are working great...so far. I highly advise a square trade warrantee for this. Something I don't usually do for electronics.

Just a superb phone! I have had this phone for a year now, and it has been splendid. Loving it :)!

Although it is an older phone (I bought this one brand new 540 dollars) it was one of the best investments I have made in tech gear to date.Pros: Great screen resolution, great functionality (lots of other mods out there to play with if you like doing that sort of thing), good camera, still a relatively fast phone with pretty good battery life.Cons: The metal case this phone has looks amazing, unfortunately it makes it very ridged an so the phone is very easy to break even from short distance drops.... only conI had this phone for a long time, and replaced 3 screens on it, but still very worth it for me. the button down at the bottom is very useful and I found out it is a multi-colored led so you can clearly see what kind of notifications you have coming in. Very good phone!

This is gonna be very fair and non-bias reviewI .I have fairly good understandings of gadgets and mobiles. I used N95 for 4 years and wanted to buy a new phone for a while. i really didn't wanted to buy iPhone as everybody has it now a days. Knowing that till the end of 2009 there was no other considerable GOOD phone out there in the market except iPhone (you believe it or not), I was waiting for this phone for last couple of months.PROS::::-physical:the phone is fast and responsive.the build quality is good and unscrachable with the tefloan coating on the back. very well designed and good looking in the front. The battery life is fairly good and really long.CAmera is fastastic , it takes the photos very quickly after focusing on something and processes very fast.it is slimmer than iphone and has a bigger and brighter screen with double resolution. The screen is like a plasma HDTV.( where the black is a real black.)software:FANTASTIC mobile OS in all of them outside. iPhone is really very simple to use ( i say its for dumb people ). >Android 2.1 is most useful, most customizable amazingly organized and clean. the gallery is beautifully managed and has given the effects with the accelerometer. Gallery photos syncs with your picasa albums automatically and has greatest options to send the photoes via bluetooth, to picasa, to gmail, or facebook and other email.>Google has done a simless integration with their services and gmail account. Once you put your gmail account settings in your phone , your contacts, your calender and your apps and lot other things will be backed up to Google's private servers time by time. If you change your phone and get a new nexus one, entering your email address will restore your phone just like the older one within minutes including apps. WHICH IS FANTASTIC.>It has the greatest navigation system i have ever seen, with graphics and turn by turn navigation.>They have used two input methods a lot in the phone which are, camera and voice. voice recognition is far better than any other phone in the market. its precise. and also the camera picks up the stuff very fast for shopping or using google goggles.GPS signals also have a avery good strengh even inside the building.> The other thing is this is a stand alone phone you don't need any computer software to manage it, everything is done online , even the back ups.You can just open it as a flash drive and drag and drop the media in it.> even the software updates are done on the phone.VS. Iphone......iphone has more responsive screen and smooth graphics than the N1. iPhone's OS is a lot easier to use( as i said its for dummies). i will give iphone 9.5/10 where N1 will get 9/10 for external design.but after all using N1 for couple of days , now i don't like to use my brothers' iPhone 3gs, as looking at the screen of iphone i feel like ,I am using a lower level smartphone.period. I LOVE MY N1.Its the best phone out there right now.if you thinkin to buy it, just buy it. its the best.

This phone did not come cheap as at when i bought it, it went for 420dollars. And so i expected it would last me for some time, but i was wrong, as it started having issues in just 5 months after i bought it. When i turn it on, it kept showing the x logo and never came on. I called HTC and they are giving me this story that since i bought the phone with an amazon carrier(MR CELLS), it is out of warranty as per the initial date the carrier bought it. I mean i had to pay half the cost of the phone to get this piece of a mess fixed by HTC.Also the battery life for this product is not good.Google Nexus One Unlocked Phone with Android--U.S. Warranty (Brown)

I loved my new Nexus One.  However, less than a month after buying it, it slipped from my hands down to pavement.  In spite of a hard case and screen protector (neither of which were even scratched) the LED screen broke underneath.  So now I have to pay another $[...](deductible on insurance) and use a loaner phone while the insurance company orders a new phone for me.  I still give my N1 five stars - I like it that much.  But now, I'm buying a Tough Case from case-[...] (hybrid two layer case with gel inside and hard outside) and an invisible shield from [...] to protect it.  I suggest everyone does.

this phone freezes when using the camera or adding pictures to a message.also the power/unlock button gets unresponsive; sometimes i have to press it 3-4 times when unlocking teh screen.I have been sold a lemon. I have bought other used/refurbished phones in the past and they have worked like new. this phone does not compare, my experience is awfull. I will never by form this seller ever again!

Hi There,I got the Nexus One phone but it has the problem with flash, when the phone off  has the flash at the screen. What should I do now ?Thanks a lot !

This phone is absolute rubbish!It goes off at random, suddenly gets hot even when you're not making a call. You cannot transfer contacts easily from your old phone and the list of woes continue. I am disappointed that Amazon decided to stake it's reputation on fulfilling this order.I wasted the $215 I spend on this phone and I am now looking to buy a new phone.There's a reason it doesn't have a warranty. I wouldn't give a warranty on this either. I am learning the hard way now. In short, I am more than  disappointed  with this phone. Spare yourself the headache and don't buy it!

Have G1 and happy with it. Purchased Nexus One and only had problems. Very disappointing. After a few days phone started to reboot sporadically. At first, while being charged. It would shut down and come back up. Now it just shuts down and then gets stuck on during initial sequence, showing the X-logo. Soft reboot (power+volume+trackball) doesn't help and have to hard boot it (by removing battery) few times a day.Can not return it, since two weeks had passed. HTC has a warranty and will replace it, but customer service rep. said they get A LOT of calls like that with the same problem. It did sound like HTC has a hardware issue with this phone. Buyers beware. After that experience would drop Tmobile/Nexus one in a heartbeat for iPhone but ATT pulled a plug on unlimited data plan, sigh.

I have had my Nexus One for quite sometime now. I have had no problems with this phone, as it has done everything I asked it to without fail. The hardware of this phone has now been "outdates" with the introduction of Dual-Core Processors running at 1.2Ghz, while the N1 is a single core at 1ghz. The screen is very bright when on the brightest setting and everything viewed will be expressed clearly, the AMOLED screen is one of the best I have seen and definitely helps this phone. As of the release of Samsung's Galaxy Nexus, the Nexus One will no longer be receiving OTA Updates from Google. Instead, one will have to root the phone and flash a ROM onto it to get the latest software. This is a shame because the phone can handle these updates and should not be considered old. I am very sad to know that Google has ended the life of the N1, but with all of its features, it is in now way obsolete.Thanks.

Even though I got my product two weeks later than estimated time, the product is really satisfied my expectations. I recommend this product to those who is searching for a nice smartphone.

I love this phone. It is such a great purchase! Got it really quick and have had no problems with it.EDIT: So I've had this phone for about 60 days now, right after the 30 day return was up I started having problems with it. I've ended up doing a factory reset about 6 times now and it's too much. It's been no end of trouble, half the time apps will force close (including system apps), the phone will lock up, it'll freeze on reboot which means another reboot again. It locks up when calling people so the only way to hang up is to take the battery out. I tried, I can't take it anymore.I spoke to Amazon and they were kind enough to let me send it back.

I know, I know. I gave this product 5 stars yet my review title seems to be quite a bit contradictory, but theres plenty of reasons why. First and foremost, I have dreamed of this product ever since I got into the PDA game in 1999 with my Palm IIIc. Since then, I've used a veritable warehouse of different units, anything ranging from the aforementioned Palm IIIc to pretty much any Android handset out there that offers service in a GSM flavor to this point. I purchased the Nexus One on day one, and received it over night, so I am by far one of the earliest adopters in the market. As you can imagine, my expectations are quite high for an all-in-one PDA, and even though my title may be emitting a bad taste in my mouth, I can assure you thats not the case.With PDA's/Smartphones bridging the gap between our Laptop's/PC's, the functionality all needs to be there to really be a full on mobile replacement. With the insurmountable amount of internet discussion that this device received prior to its official announcement and release, one couldn't help but get their hopes up.  Did the Nexus One hit its mark? Yes, I believe it did, and with style and poise to be frank. But, is it that all-one-device that has the power to leave your laptop at home for the road warrior? Nay, I wouldn't go as far to say that. The device itself and Android put together are a powerful duo of open-source-goodness, but it still has a ways to go, which I'm sure Google will stand behind and push forward.DISPLAY 9/10Overall, the 3.7 inch AMOLED display is a sight to behold in and of itself. The colors are brilliant, blacks couldn't be more rich and dark, and video is even crisper than my dedicated laptop, theASUS UL30Vt-X1 Thin and Light 13.3-Inch Black Laptop (Windows 7 Home Premium)which is currently for sale on Amazon as well. Watching HD video on YouTube is no doubt an impresser, and website viewing and navigation couldn't be more pleasing, especially with the new multi-touch update that Google pushed out to its user base, which provides that functionality inside of Google Maps, the browser, and the gallery.The capacitive touch screen works just as great as expected, except for a few minor issues which do not hold any ground in this review and score of the display. For one, being a male of average height, I don't exactly have that big of hands. Therein lies the problem with one handed use, as the device is a wee bit too wide for my hands, which occasionally causes my palm to touch the screen when I try to reach too far. As you can imagine, this causes a problem sometimes, but you really just have to arch your thumb when using it which takes some time to get used to.The 1 gigahertz Snapdragon is definitely awe inspiring in its performance, and typing on the screen is definitely better than its other Android predecessors. Whether Google will admit it or not, typing on the screen would be greatly enhanced by adding multitouch capabilities to the keyboard and allowing for adjustment in that regard. Some people like myself type literally at a speed of 70 words per minute on a QWERTY phone keypad, and this would definitely be appreciated.The only downfall of the gorgeous display is the fact that there is a bit of tinted red hue if you look closely.  It is ever more apparent when taking video of the device itself, as it greatly pronounces this fault in the screen. For the most part it doesn't affect the user experience of the device, which is why I only slighted the score by 1 point.  The other thing to watch out for is the fact that AMOLED's perform horribly in direct sunlight compared to their LCD counterparts, but this is something that is somewhat widely known and it shouldn't be knocked for that.PERFORMANCE 10/10With the amount of RAM included in the device and the newly praised Snapdragon processor from Qualcomm, this is where the Nexus One definitely puts it shine on. Applications open swiftly like the device has extra sensory perception, and you couldn't be more satisfied with the overall speed increase compared to any other Android device, or any other Smartphone on the market for that matter. 3D games perform admirably, and there isn't much else to say other than yes, it will knock your socks off.Web browsing compared to my other Android devices is a joke, and don't believe what some reviewers are saying about the Web-Kit based browser compared to others of similar nature, namely the iPhone 3GS. With my constant side to side comparison with friends that use the iPhone, 90 percent of the time my Nexus One is making them cry tears of pain, not admiration.The trackball is well, a trackball. It does its job, what little it may have, and one of the only things I would definitely change about the device is the addition of a trackpad instead.BATTERY LIFE AND HEAT 7/10I didn't buy the Nexus One expecting it to perform very well in this regard, but it definitely gets the job done for a day's worth of moderate work. AMOLED's and OLED's in general are definitely the display of the next generation of tech devices, but people fail to realize their shortfalls.  Namely, most people will tell you that they're power savers compared to their LCD counterparts, which is only partially true. Where AMOLED's really shine in battery conservation is when text is displayed WHITE on BLACK, as in a black background and white text such as the format used in most of Android's operating system menus. The obvious reason that Google designed it this way is because of not only better readability, but the fact that this is where battery improvement comes from compared to LCD laden devices.In comparison, I'd have to say that the battery only slightly does better than the T-Mobile G1. A typical heavy user should expect to carry a charger around with this bad boy.Heat while using the phone or even while 3D gaming could be considered as negligible, and only when the device is plugged into an AC outlet does the temperature start to reach uncomfortable proportions. With everyday use of the device, there isn't a time where I felt like this caused an usability flaws.CAMERA AND GPS 8/10The camera is definitely a HUGE step up from other Android devices on the market today as well. The 5.0 megapixel camera is definitely not something to write home about, but the shutter speeds, new functionality in Android 2.0, and overall ease of use is definitely something that is noteworthy. Pictures come out crisp as ever with the proper lighting, and the LED flash definitely helps in situations where there isn't enough light to shed. Since the flash definitely isn't Xenon based, you can only expect to get proper use out of it around the 1 - 6 foot range, unless pitch dark.  Periphery with the flash as expected definitely leaves something to be desired in darker surroundings, as the flash doesn't flood the scene enough and leaves a somewhat noticeable dark area around the edges of pictures. Any kind of motion in the picture that you're taking still takes some effort, but is at somewhat of a tolerable level now.The 720p video is definitely impressive as well, much better than I had originally expected. Again, with proper lighting I am getting an average of 24 frames per second, which is definitely something I would present to friends and wouldn't be embarrassed about. High motion is also another issue here even in noon-clear-sky daylight, but its to be expected, remember; phone first, camera second.GPS locks are definitely much faster than other Android iterations, and I have found plenty of use for Google Navigation inside of Maps as anyone can imagine. The large display and loud but tinny speakerphone get the job done even going 80 mph down a highway. The only thing it needs now to complement it is the car accessory dock, which unfortunately isn't as punctual as its desktop dock counterpart.SOUND QUALITY AND RECEPTION 9/10The phone is definitely loud and clear with good to great earphone quality, and fairly underwhelming speakerphone quality. As a long time HTC proponent, I have come to expect much from said company in this regard, but I've had better ones from them. When talking even going down a highway, people tend to not believe me when I tell them that I am. The noise cancelling second microphone performs like a champ, and I don't believe I've had a phone that could even come close to Nexus One in this aspect.Reception is great, which is also another thing to expect from most HTC phones. I have been one of the people that have been having trouble with keeping a 3G signal in a well covered area with T-Mobile, but problems are to be expected in a new generation of technology device, and I would push for patience in this area. Only downfall here seems to be inside of buildings, where other HTC Android phones seem to get the best of the Nexus One in most situations.In conclusion, the device definitely is the cutting edge in mobile phone products, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone thats even slightly interested. The main downfalls come from poor software implementation up to this point, and the somewhat shoddy service from T-Mobile, as well as Google's failures as a retail company.  We may all consider them to be the geniuses of the internet and advertisement industry currently, but they definitely need some work in the customer service game. Users that don't have a somewhat advanced knowledge of electronic warranties and replacements, as well as technical skills to trouble shoot your own problems with the device may want to steer away for a little while until the kinks are worked out. If you're daring enough though, the Nexus One is waiting to satisfy your every expectation. Almost.

Este es mi primer telefono Android y la verdad es que tiene un costo bajo y las funcionalidad de cualquier otro telefono Android de precio mayor. Es muy rapido, la pantalla de buena calidad y responde muy bien... Lo unico es que la pila se descarga rapido, lo cual parece que es arreglado con la versior 2.3... Lo recomiendo 100%...

This is a decent android phone. A bit out dated. After about 2 years, the phone will get slow. I have issues with the keyboard sometimes crashing which started happening after the gingerbread release. Wouldn't recommend this phone for more than 2 years of use!!!!!

Excellent one for the price; just a piece of advice dont compare with iPhone-4 it would not help u feel any better. Think of the $ of iPhone and the Nexus. A common mans luxury!

Brought this phone 4 months back, had no issues. Great screen and features would recommend this to anyone.a) With the latest Android software 2.3.4(Ginger Bread), the phone is even more good

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago & now using it for more than 10 days, I will say this is the Value for Money ! for 270 $ the features specially processor speed (1GH) is too good.I got it with the Android 2.2 version & Later I updated it to 2.3.4 Ginger bread, it rocks,the speed is amazing now, I have read lot about it's wifi connectivity issue but I never faced the issue unless wifi signals are weak.Android Market is too good & most of the applications available are for free.UI is also very good & screen resolution is the best in this category !!Track ball also gives a good feel for those who have been using Blackberry.In nutshell it is a Value for money product.

I recently purchased this phone from a buyer off of Amazon. Got the phone, loved it but then the power button broke 3 weeks later. I paid almost 250 dollars for it and it broke within 3 weeks. I would not recommend buying this phone used unless it is in mint condition. This phone, especially its power button, are known to break very easily. If the phone didn't have such a short life, it would be a perfect phone.

I purchased this phone from Pavillion Electronics (Mitchel Berkowitz) fulfilled by Amazon last June 2011.Six months later the phone is not working properly - black screen after placing a call requiring to remove the battery.  I called HTC (888-216-4736) for repair and their response was:- Amazon and Pavillion Electronics are not authorized resellers for HTC- The warranty of my phone expired December 2011 - warranty is not from purchase date- Repair cost ranges from $55 to $283 and inbound (to HTC) shipping charge is at customer's expense- Repair takes 10 to 15 daysAs for the phone itself, it works pretty well except that sometimes apps that use game graphics cause menu flickering after closing the app.

I purchased this phone as a suitable alternative to the iPhone since it was unlocked and I had to travel world wide.  The reviews were mixed and technically the phone is not as good as the older iPhone 3GS but it didn't cost $600 and came with a 1yr warranty so I was estatic!  Hold it- not so fast.  The 2 phones I purchased lasted less than 2 months and when I tried to send it for warranty HTC said that this was sold by some company in Canada.  I called the company and tried to return it to find out you cannot send a phone to a company in Canada because of the duties and taxes if you do not have a Canada return address.  I called AMAZON and they were less than helpful and said it is past the 30 day return period and offered to assess the phone for a partial refund.  Who knows I still have not seen it.  AMAZON says there is a disclaimer on the site that you must contact the seller and/or manufacturer for warranty information but you do not have a serial number so once again good luck and beware.  ADVISE AGAInST BUYING any cell phone from AMAZON.

1) The phone can be used as WiFi client device without SIM2) It works perfectly with T-Mobile Pay-To-Go SIM (without data)3) It is easy to disable data access when I don't have T-Mobile or AT&T; data plan, and it is also easy to enable back when I plug in a SIM card (At&t;) with data plan.4) The system firmware is automatically updated to latest Android 2.3.4 version as soon as I connected to WiFi hotspot5) The GPS navigation is so easy and map is Google's MAP and it is actually better than Garmin.6) No comments on its camera since I don't have microSD yet. I got it from Amazon.com and I expected the package would include a 4GB microSD, but none.7) Very surprised that this phone can be used as "Hot Spot"! The technical documentation does not mention it, but this is really a great feature that I thought only Nexus S model had it. I tried it and it worked as expected. Maybe it is due to the latest Android 2.3.4 OS? I love this feature and I am wondering why people would go to "Nexus S" if this model has almost everything that "Nexus S" supports.

Ok no fanboy stuff here, real customer who bought an Android here because one of my coworker who is an Android fanboy sold me.I was happy with it, for like 4 months.Afterwards things started to break down. Android would randomly shut down, Google Nav and Map dying randomly, random lock ups. So I factory reset the phone. Guess what 3G network no longer works.Went to a friend who works for Android development, who told me typical Android phone would be lucky to last for one year. Well mine lasted for 7 months before breaking down.Talked to other friends who has Nexus One, all said it start to break down after like a year.I'm going to throw this away and get an iPhone, which is supposed to last longer (I hope at least, and I hate Apple products).Also y u mad lol

Tanto en peso y en diseno es muy bueno. Tal vez calienta un poco en comparacion a mi Blackberry, pero sin dudas todo lo que uno puede realizar con Android a parte de su cantidad de aplicaciones este telefono es excelente. Recomiendo este producto.
