
This product was shipped promptly and I got it in good condition but had a few scratches on the top but Execellent Service!! Thanx

I bought the torch from you on May 18th 2011, almost 4 mths ago. it worked fairly ok for the first 2 mths until the screen started blanking off while using it. at first i didn't realise it was a problem, but a week ago it just shut down completely while i was on a call. naturally i assumed it was probably that the battery had died, so i immediately plugged the phone in to charge. the phone has since then never powered back on. it only shows an outline of a battery with a red "X" over it. i swapped batteries with another torch thinking maybe the battery life had been outlasted but this is not the case. i have since found out (due to online research)that touch screen blackberrys are somewhat faulty & numerous owners have been having this problem, as indicated by this link  [...]. i am seeking some sort of directives in regards to how i can proceed either for a replacement phone or a refund. please contact me via e-mail: hot_number24@hotmail.com

NO SASTIFASE MI COMPRA POR QUE EL TELEFONO VINO MUY DETERIORADO Y BLOQUEADO NO ME GUSTARIA VOLVER A COMPRAL EN ESA TIENDA

Not new...box beat to death...no manuals...no accessories...not unlocked...obviously used...not at all as advertised...of no value to me and i think people should look at another source to buy this type of phone

I wait for my telephones almost a month because came to my country, and now with only a week the tactil screen doesn't work.... The telephone is cute but I can't use the screen

THE WINE DAMAGED PHONE NO WORKED THE FLEX VERY BAD PRODUCT  DO NOT RECOMMEND WELL SHOULD REVISE ITS PRODUCTS FOR CLIENT WHO IS LOST

After I started charging the phone for the first time, an X appeared, indicating something was wrong. Then it wouldn't turn on for a very long time. It finally did, but the buttons stopped working after a while too. I had to return it. Was very disappointed.

GREAT SELLER!  Thought I'd give my OLD blackberry a rest.  I love this Blackberry phone.  Easy to setup and use.  3g is very good and I like the slider.

Great phone really wish I could keep it and continue to use it under the provider I chose. Recon end yo all through AT&T

The equipment i bought it isnt 100% fiable... i made a complain about it and didnt have an answer.  The equipment never worked properly.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FROM THIS SELLER ,I THINK THEY SELLING REFURBISH FOR NEW.I BROUGHT IT FOR MY SON IN TRINIDAD IN JUNE .HE SAID IT GOING TO MUTE ON IT OWN ,. DROPPING CALLS PLUS WHEN HE HOOK IT UP THEIR WAS SOME BODY ELSE NAME ON IT. I PAID $293.87THE SELLER WAs THECELLPHONENERD.

I bought it from wireovia, and what i got only a refurbished blackberry with scratches on the keypad and the backlght of the keypad just not bright as a new cellphone. Don't be the next victim.

I bought this phone last December. I live in Venezuela. It doesn't work as a Blackberry device just as a regular average phone. I can't use internet, blackberry messenger, blackberry app or any other application for Blackberry... I took it to several services and they claim it's the logical card. So I recommend you to think it twice if you really want this phone. It frustrating and horrible.

Just a few lines to endorse what I think was very helpful service, which is too rare sometimes. I had a few personal challenges which meant I had to edit my order, and I am totally impressed with the assistance I got from The Wireless Circle which made it way less problematic than I expected.Thanks Wireless Circle!

excellent condition i like to meet expectations is released for all bands recommend thanksfive stars for thatI buy it

Phone was new as described and fast shipping as usual from amazon. If you are looking for a good phone this is the right one for you!

It is what I was looking for. Not the new model but best in quality vs price.I would recommend it.

If you like blackberry, Torch is the best bb you can have. The metallic white frame around the screen will scratch easily.any way, I've the learned the hard way that Android is better.

no charger no ear phone no usb card nomanuel and i dont like it be cause i cant charge my phone and i cant lisen to no music so that why i hate it

The speaker of this phone as well as the ear piece were not working properly. I changed the speaker as I took it outside country and had no time to return it back to USA.AAE

buen telefono, muy bello ya a pasado casi dos a&ntilde;os desde que lo compre y todavia funciona como la primera vez 100% recomendable y operativo, llego rapido

This phone was exactly what I wanted I love it. I would recommend this phone to anyone who likes blackberrys

before I thought the phone is not good because of the scratches, but I realize since it is used, but the phone is working very fine, sorry for my first comment, I just revised it.

excellent product works the best only thing negative I can say is that the article discover is not as described we acquired black and gray but I sent it deserves a 5 star for product functionality

Recibi el equipo en perfectas condiciones, en el tiempo establecido y hasta el dia de hoy me ha funcionado perfectamente.

My niece very liked it. It was in afordable price. Very popular item. I didnt hear no complains at all until now.

The phone worked exactly for 3 weeks.Was brand new and seemed fine.The screen completely died .The phone was well looked after as it was new.Wanted a replacement as the better half liked the phone,but they chose to refund.Still awaiting refund from Cell liquidators..3 months now..

gracias por el producto funciona bien navega en 3g aqui en venezuela lo recomiendo como vendedor el producto es nuevo

the phone was in perfect condition no scratches or dents and the phone works fine im using it now  thanks

excelente compra, todo en perfecto estado, lo recomiendo, solo tuve que liberarlo para mi linea movistar y listo,, excelente producto

dont know about item, the distribuitor was a DISASTER. Paid the cel Oct 6th, after several emails was recevied at Oct 27th in UPS OILY package.Still waiting for compensation....

Phone was scratched and dented all over. Phone was locked. Scratches on screen too. If you buy this phone then you need to do a complete replacement of the skin. Not in a good condition.

este phone debe ser excelente, lo recomiendo una amiga lo tiene y es muy rapido, lo acabo de comprar esperemos por el venededor para puntearlo de 5 5.....

can not wait to send the iphone that i got from the other people .thank you for being honest and fast and i will tell  others about my phone this blackberry torch is very nice.i can not believe that some people can be a thief but i am very happy your company do not lie or steal so thank you again

I bought it like 2 years a go as a gift for my sister, it is still live & kicking... Sturdy phone & if you are a BBM addict & want the best of both world &#34;Touch & Physical QWERTY&#34; then it is a main contender...

Is a nice looking phone, bought it for my wife the problem is that the Touch screen never worked. I bought a new phone, but when i got it and the touch screen didnt work, my doubts started, is it new???

Hi thereI have a question, the blackberry touch 9800 in white, does it have a dual simcard?I really would like to know..

Excelente articulo, buen equipo y vendedor recomendado funciona perfectamente 3g en Venezuela para movistar y movilnet. el vendedor (hp electronics) es muy atento, rapido y responsable con lo que vende.

funciona perfectamente!!! el telefono es nuevo y el envio lo realizan rapido... les recomiendo realizar las compras en esta tienda

Hi Thereof course I'd like to thank you for your flowing and get your client feed back  ,, but sorry i found the Device not as i expect maybe because it White Color , so it should be in Excellent Condition.But as General i have the pleasure to deal with you .ThanksOsama Younis

I brought this phone un-locked for take it to my home country ad it work very well i dont have any complains . i actually like more because is white and i received on time

I received the phone in the right date, but the box of the product was the box of blackberry torch in black color, not the white one (that I bought)! So I'm not so happy with this purchase...

The phone works will with me and everyone should update the phone to latest OS update because I found mine faster than my friend and respond faster ..get it you will like it .. you don't need any phones next to it believe me I start to play games with it and not calling from the iPhone ether ..

PLZ ppl do not buy... these fones a refurbished fones i bought 4 shame to say some came scratched other missing screws an personal pics on them for ur own good shop somewhere else WIREOVIA is a rip off

This phone is by far the worst blackberry ever. I bought this phone brand new only January and it's only April and the phone is giving alot of trouble. It has alot of fancy features i agree but don't be fooled the key feature in any phone is to actually receive a phone call. This phone the signal drops and the SOS lights up red sometimes you would be having a conversation then suddenly a LOUD static noise would be coming from phone and the call will drop. At first i thought it was the network but it's not i tried another network with the phone and ireceived the same problem also i did a review and someone was having the same problem. I have used the blackberry 9700 and absolutely nooooo problems.

completely satisfied with this product orders arrived the day stipulated ... agree with the request if this provider would advisebut does not work with 3g

it is all a kid wants to have nowadays ... what else can I say? Seems pretty solid and works smoothly. Blackberry service is a bit out of date these days and a keyboard-driven interface seems odd in current times but still does its job.

buenos dia compre Blackberry Torch 9800 desbloqueado deslizante QWERTY de pantalla t&aacute;ctil 5 mega p&iacute;xeles Wifi Gps Color: Blanco me gustaria si me pueden ayudar SOLO ME DURO 15 dias activo osea bien. luego se apago perdi mi dinero perdi telefono por favor ayudeme

This product is used and not unlocked, and apart from that did not bring the charger NOT RECOMMEND FOR NOTHING TO BUY THIS PRODUCT

The phone is slow to respond to your commands after unlocking it to use. You have to wait for about 30 seconds before it responds. This can be very annoying when you want to make a quick call or check messages. Everything else is great. I hope RIM can fix this problem with an update.

This phone is a refurbished phone used it for about a month and then the screen started to freeze then it started to have some lines and then it went completely blank.... Do not buy this phone its a rip off

It's my first expierence with blackberry. I previosuly had palm, and I won't miss it at all! The Blackberry Torch is the best all-around business smartphone. The traditional Blackberry qwerty keyboard is a very usefull tool. Screen resolution is good. The camera is fine.

el telefono me llego en la condicion de usado, aparte el telfono llego bloqueado, busque la manera que se devolviera 30$ por los gastos que pague aqui en venezuela y no llego a ningun acuerdo esta empresa son unos estafadores Wireless Digital Group LLC

I received the product damaged. I sent back damaged article using the claim procedure and 3 weeks later have not received back a new product nor acceptable answer of status on my claim.

that phone is crap.Got mine in january .In April the screen was like tie dyed.sent it to be repaired.The sliding module is bad.Not a good buy.Dont let it fool you.

i love this phone the features are excellent i would recommend this phone plus  it has great apps  further more the sound quality and picture and video quality is awsome

Excelente producto, excelente servicio, vendedor responsable y cumplido.Recomiendo la compra de art&iacute;culos de este vendedor, y en amazon, nunca he tenido problemas en env&iacute;o internacional.

DON'T BUY.THE WORST BLACKBERRY EVER. BOUGHT THIS PHONE FROM AT&T; AND IT SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEEN A NEW ONE. I DOUBT IT VERY SERIOUSLY. EVERY TIME I MADE A CALL AND PUT IT ON SPEAKER PHONE I HAD TO TURN IT UP AND STILL COULDN'T HEAR THE PERSON, AND WHEN I COULD HEAR THE OTHER PERSON, IT SOUND AS IF THE PERSON WAS TALKING UNDER WATER. JUST A RIP OFF. I'LL NEVER BUY ANOTHER BLACKBERRY. JUST PURCHASED THE SAMSUNG 3 NOTE, AWAITNG DELIVERY. HOPE I HAVE BETTER LUCK WITH IT. THE REVIEWS WERE GOOD! I'M KEEPING MY FINGERS CROSSED.

This product by this sender was not as described, it is a USED product with a new housing with the top part seemingly of a different shade than the bottom. This seller is not very honest

THIS PHONE AND IT COMES repowered SOLD AS NEW, WITH SAYING YOU HAD SCRATCHES AND BEATS. NOT ME LOOKS LIKE A HONEST SELLER. SOY DE VENEZUELA AND I COULD NOT DO THE RETURN OF THE PHONE. DO NOT RECOMMEND.

First of all, everything was ok with the purchase, but when I received the phone, I noticed it hadn't the memory card , that was mentioned in the box. Then, since I began to use it, I had many problems with the signal, when it is 3g, it doesn't work, the internet is very slow and I can't receive phone calls without problems because I loose the signal, sometimes I miss calls and it never worked, until this week that the phone suddenly turned off and it doesn't work neither turn on, even with the battery of a friend's phone. I live in Ecuador and with my last blackberry I had any problem and now I need to apply the garanty, because the phone never worked correctly.I bought the product with hp electronics inc. with order 103-7492545-0804245, placed on December 30, 2011, and I am not sure if it is refubrished, it shouldn't be. I bought this item per $409.49 plus $42.24 shipping.

TODA UNA ESTAFA, POR FAVOR NO COMPREN ESTE TLF, ES RECONSTRUIDO NO ACEPTA EL CHIP PARA TECNOLOGIA GSM.DESDE VENEZUELA.

Would have given a higher rating because the 9810 is an excellent device. the White paint didn't hold up well and i had to eventually drop this unit and pick up the grey model

Parece un celular que ya fue usado. Tiene fallas tanto de sistema as&iacute; como de partes del celular que se salen. Recibo mails de alguien q lo debe haber usado antes. Yo lo compre como NUEVO. Para nada conforme con el producto.

hasta los momentos el tel&eacute;fono me parece genial, me gusta mucho la convinacion de la pantalla t&aacute;ctil con el trackpad

Muy bueno el aparato funciona de maravilla, satisfecho con el producto, vendedor responsable, lo recomiendo 100 por ciento. Exito, espero hacer nuevamente negocio

compre el celular BlackBerry Torch Unlocked GSM Cell Phone in White  y me llego otro telefono verizon htc 4g. en la cual no estoy deacuerdo que me mandara ese telefon no me gusta yo quiero mi telefono BlackBerry Torch Unlocked GSM Cell Phone in White  gracias,,,,,

wonderful and excelent product. I am 100% happy fou your atention, everything it's perfect.....thank you so much, you are the best.

After only having this phone for a month the touch screen is now acting up.  It freezes and wont respond to touch screen commands I have to wait and do it manually.  I called ATT and they said to always download updates so this doesnt happen again--so i'll try that next.  I cant complaint I didnt pay anything for the phone at walmart.com, but im stuck with this phone for two more years!

the item not blackberry.only case blackberry.but inside the cellphone its like cellphne from china.the menu doest have blackberry app,bbm.etc. becouse i was have blackberry produck before.

wonderful product one of my all time favorite phones and trust me ive had quite a few !!! if you are the type of person who enjoys having a keyboard as well as the touch option i think you'll like this one.

Ii could not get it activated so i gave it to my older bro andhe said it was beautiful but there was a minor issue bjt its not that bad..

califiqu&eacute; con 1 estrella porque pagu&eacute; por un telefono nuevo y me enviaron uno usado, totalmente rallado y la bater&iacute;a deteriorada

I bought this phone in 2012 nd it got stolen that same year. But I loved it.  I got a iphone now

The phone was ok until i start to use it for a week then all of a sudden it the phone did what it felt like then wouldnt turn on just dead.  I just throw it in the bin where it belonged.

Firstly, allow me to commend you as I have truly enjoyed using your products and utilizing your efficient services, I am a loyal customer whom on a regular basis has purchased items from your business/organization.Prior to this review, I have contacted your customer care service with regard to the blackberry torch i recently purchased and have been experiencing alot of technical difficulties with this product. on the day of receiving the phone i charged it to 100%, when i turned it on it took about 10 minutes to load up, after everything loaded up i tried to launch an application n when touching the icon on the screen the screen wont respond, i tried continuously and it didn't work, i did a battery pull and the problem stopped for approx 15 minutes and then started back again, if i tried to make a call and i press something on the right of the screen something on the left is selected, trying to read messages and the touch for the screen isn't working, the phone is freezing up at times and has to be restarted before i could attempt to use it a month has not passed as yet and this phone is giving the most trouble in the world amazon has not made an effort to assist in replacing my phone, i really cannot recommend anybody to buy this torch from amazon because the unit is very faulty and amazon inst making any effort to replace my handset or assist me in any way.I am not satisfied with this phone because i have not yet been able to use it properly for at least a dayi really hope a replacement handset could be sent to me asap because after i purchased this torch from amazon for $617.27us and i cant even use it i am really stranded without my phone, you can contact me via email at diondillon@hotmail.com thanks in advance

Replacement will the phone does not work.Bad Service.I'm not happy.Negative.-------

AT THE BEGINNING I HAD TO DO SOME ADJUSTMENTS TO USE THE TOUCH SCREEN, NOW I GRAB ANY OTHER PHONE AND FORGET IT IS NOT TOUCH SCREEN. THE QWERTTY PAD I DON'T LIKE AT ALL, I DON'T THINK IT'S PRACTICAL. THE CAMERA IS EXCELLENT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURES. THE SCREEN NEEDS CONSTANT CLEANING MAINTENANCE DUE TO HAVING YOUR CHEEK CLOSE TO THE SCREEN, NEVERTHELESS I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE.

Blackberry 9800 Torch Unlocked Slider Qwerty Touch Screen 5 Mega Pixel Wifi Gps Color : WhiteBeware of this company (unlockedcellphoneking)You will not believe it, this unlockedcellphoneking sent a female cloths to me instead of the blackberry phone i ordered for, i sent a mail to them complaining bitterly about it but they did not even bulged. i do not see the reason why Amazon will be dealing with dubious sellers like this online.i have heard enough of complains from buyers regarding this company, is either they send bad phone or refurbished one to you and they will never reply you even if you mailed them. beware!

Faulty device i had to return.  At least the return was easy and i got my money back in few days.

The shipping time for this item was not too bad since it was out of the US.  The phone is my total and complete dream...I wanted it, I bought it, I got it and I'm sooo satisfied with it. Everything I would need came along with the phone and everything is WHITE, wouldn't you be different from the crowd. The screen is very sensitive and I guess it will take some time for me to get a hold of this vast phone - the apps preloaded and so much more out there are off the hook, camera 20 stars.Downside- the battery cover was disappointing, I wouldn't mind if they sent me a 'free smooth white cover' instead of the current one with lines.  The screen has a little shake it it hopefully nothing serious- you wouldn't notice it when you r in the heat of pushing up and typing.The price was good that's why I chose this company and the other reviews helped.  Hope mine will encourage the skeptical buyers since I am a huge one when so much money is on the line.

el producto llego tarde, y la pila llego mala salia una x  tuve que comprar una pila nueva me salio mas caro el producto sean honestos por favor...

The BB Torch is a smart phone any day, and having owned oned previously, I am always impressed with it. It enjoys good reviews at all time.Its rated 5 stars because its a must have for any upwardly mobile executive,

When I put a sim cards on the phone, I keep receiving mails from of vendors I never subscribed for. I guess the phone has been used before. There days I received up to 40 mails that originate from the US, it's becoming a nuisance and can't turn them off.

thanks for a good product and good cell waiting time thanks for your product a good phone and in good time out thanks and good night

i ordered brand new blackberry 9800.... i got  it ..but.....its not original...it has some scratches ...just phone ,battery ,charger...nothing else ...and the main thing its not original black berry ....

trae todos los accesorios indicados, sin detalles en el equipo, f&aacute;cilmente se puede colocar en el idioma deseado ,100% recomendadobrings everything listed, no details on the computer, you can easily put in the desired language, recommended

I really love this phone. I've had it for a couple weeks now and haven't had any problems at all. Well...except for one, I can't get into IM..I use MSN messenger and it just keeps saying, "handheld not enabled for this service". I think it has something to do with the phone being unlocked and my carrier...I'm not sure. But other than that, the phone has worked great. I bought it on ebay for $600.

hi, i want to know if  the blackberry torch is new or refurbished,in that case how many cost a new one?? thanks

I am not sure if this is a refurbish cell phone, because of the lack of the screen protector, I have bought a lot of cell phones and this is the first one I am not satisfied at all, also there were a couple of scratches in front of the case

The track pad is malfunctioning.. The keys some off them are tight.. I don't even use it anymore.. It's like i wasted my money.. I don''t appreciate it.. You'll have to do something about that. I'm not a happy customer. I thought it just wanted a little wear but i didn't.. The touch screen?.. I have to touch actually touch it so it's like i'm pressing it.. Applying pressure i am not pleased

hey, i usually dont write reviews matter fact this my first review on amazon. i got this phone on amazon 3 year ago and at first i did NOT LIKE IT at all !!!! i thought it was big etc, but still kept it. now 3 year later, it's starting to bug. you know how sometime u wish u will never find your phone after you left it some where hoping it's been stollen or forever lost that how i felt all the time. the touch scream works whenever it wants and it does not read my sim card any more. it was off 2 weeks ago  and now its back on. the only reason im still using it is because my new phone is not here yet. but over all it is a pretty solid phone. i would recommend this for business man (People) not for college student like myself because YOU WILL BE THE ONLY ONE AT UGA WITH A BLACKBERRY, THAT FOR SURE lol.  I hated it and was in the hurry to change it. and about technology it is awful the options takes you no where and its sucks for applications. most sim card carrier don't  even give u internet because it's a blackberry or makes you pay extra, and even with that my internet never worked on THAT phone. i was very patient so time have come for a huge change. this time im going for an IPhone or Sam-sum. never say never, but i say NEVER a Blackberry ever again!!!If it was 6 starts i would give it a 3 cause it last 3 years, as it 5 im giving it a 2. i payed 600 dollars for this phone and i feel it was not worth it if it wont last for at least 6 years.

excellent as brand new as recomeniendo pedi brings all its features it says on the posting excellent and very attentive seller

So far so good, this phone works great, capacitive screen is very responsive and you have a full qwerty keyboard if your not into the whole type on screen thing. Only issue with this phone is when speaking with on it on your ear, your ear somehow manages to press either the hold button or the mute button, hence the 4 star rating.

People are definitely a company's greatest asset. It doesn't make any difference whether the product is cars or cosmetics. A company is only as good as the people it keeps." and the staff at Cell Lounge have proven that.

this phone looks pretty but sarted giving problems about one month after i received it. After contacting the seller they cant take it back. what a waste of my hard earned money. Now I still need a phone.

well I pay for the phone I so not for other phone they send me very old scraches everywhere also the phone is not unlock I need my money back

el telefono lo recibi en la siguientes condiciones,  lo enviaron con la pantalla da&ntilde;ada, faltan accesorios, es usado, y realice la compra como nuevo, es una irresponsabilidad. damaged phone
