
I have had cell phone watches directly from China.  I now know why the US manufacturers do not sell them.  Battery just dies after a short period of time. Phone parts break or Fall off and you cannot replace them.  China has a lot of work to do with this product.  Don't waste your money.

Warning.  This is an extremely bad product.  It works very poorly and when I tried to return it, Elliotts Online refused to refund.  I am going to have to go through my credit card to get this refunded forcefully.  Beware of these overseas companies selling products online.  It is very hard to deal with them.

I received the item and traveled out of USA.Charger is not working as I recived first battery dead and second died after 10 minutes.tried to charge it with no luck. Not sure if it is the USB or Charger problem.at the end I paid for it and never used from start.Tried to call the company, they said must go back thru amazon and in case I wanted to return it.It will cost more than  cost to replace it.....SO , I buy it again.Really bad product.H.Hammoud

Sony phone watch is muchbetter. Fony to complicated just look good. Just not me. Take too long to load up

On September 8th, 2011 you shipped me 2 NEW Version Ultra-thin Quad-band Watch Mobile Phones through Amazon.com for total of $322.80.  I am telling you in this email that the products as you advertised did not function correctly. In one of your emails to me you stated, "You will get better reception if you wear the Bluetooth headset in the ear you are wearing the watch.  Left ear/left wrist."  First of all,Bluetooth has a range of approximately 30ft not 2 ft. which says you had knowledge that the watch phones were defective before you shipped them.  The battery life stated in your advertisement states, "Lithium Batteries Standby time; About 100-120Hours Talking time : About 2-3 Hours" we were lucky if they lasted 45 minutes.  Even the manufacturer sends an extra battery because this is the one of the many issues with these phones now that I've tried them. "Ok judging from your emails it sounds like you have had a change of heart with the item. Hopefully since you bought 2 only one package has been opened. Please return items in new condition as sent including unused accessories to"  Ok I will look for the return in the mail. Sorry you weren't satisfied with the item."This is what the final refund from you was: "refund applied minus shipping and $10 per unit.  Both boxes open, watches and accessories used, screen savers removed, earbuds open/used." HOW CAN YOU TRY THE PRODUCT WITHOUT OPENING ,CHARGING AND USING THE PRODUCT?  Your comments on screen savers removed, unbelievable!

this my bad purchase in amazon i wish not buy anything from china proudact its like toys not real mobile watch im so sorry i buy it

THIS WATCH DEAD AFTER 3 MONTHS !Please don't buy this shame chinese productthe baterie is dead, chinese products are null

couldn't really hear and there are no extra chargers that you could purchase for this phone. just horrible what company doesn't make extra chargers for a phone a made.

The Item:-A little bulky but not too bad.-There are only 2 options for clock display; analog in a horrid green and blue color, and digital, which i like.- For some reason I have yet to determine, the unit randomly resets the system settings and my preferences are set back to default. It takes about 5 mins to get it back the way i like it, but this reset issue occurs once every few days. I'm using a t-mobile sim card.- Battery life flat sucks, especially with the bluetooth powered on. You can expect about 4 hours on a full charge, maybe 3 with the BT on. This is probably the biggest drawback. I have decided to keep the BT off. This mean rejecting a phone call, turning BT to on, and then calling that person back.- Speaker phone is 50/50. Callers can hear me clearly no matter what position my arm is in, but I can't hear what the caller is saying unless I hold it close to my head. Pretty lame.- I have yet to load music or video on the unit, but the sample vid looks good.- With the BT headset connected I get static unless I'm holding my arm clear in front of me. I have tried this with two headsets and got the same result. Whenever my left arm (the watch arm) is down at my side I get little bursts of static. The caller doesn't seem to notice any break in the convo, so i'm inclined to believe this is a local BT connection issue.- Touchscreen is a little insensitive I think. Stylus works great (sometimes you have to be a little forceful) but trying to get pinpoint accuracy with your fingers is difficult to say the least.- Out-of-the-box screen protector left a nasty residue that took some effort to remove. Alcohol and 10 qtips.Bottom line?Functional, but not usable. Wait for something better people. Maybe the LGD910 will drop a few hundred bucks someday...UPDATE: Watch is totally broken after 2 months. I took great care never to get it wet or bang it against something. It is broken because both of the provided batteries fail to accept a charge. I believe the USB port on the watch is fried or something. My experience with this product was lousy and I believe it to be cheaply made. It shorted and reset, and then shorted the charging port.PIECE OF JUNK.

After purchasing the watch, wearing it every day took its toll on the watch it seemed to be made from inferior plastic, the battery case came apart and the watch bands separated from the watch itself.

I bought this product a few months back in the US with the intention to use it in India. The product is great, it worked well when I tried to use this in the US, however it did not recognize the networks in India.I however got prompt support from the seller (Futureofcellular) and they returned my money, incl. the shipping cost promptly without fuss once we had established that our experiments in getting the phone to work in India were not yielding results.I recommend this product to any buyer, but it does not work in India.

The video player runs as smooth as a dvd. Can entertain my kids with cartoons I download. GREAT!

Only problem I have is can't connect to internet. Other than that I have no issues.. Can somebody please tell me how to fix this issue, I would be greatly appreciated . Thanks

The box was all bent up once revived. The watch wast fully pieced together. Not as Like New as I would've liked. I have not yet opens up and played with it as it is a Christmas gift for my boyfriend I just hope he won't have any problems with it.

To begin with, manual attached is not clear. Just to open the cover to access the shim and memory card slots will cause to break the unit itself. I took it to nearest ATT store and they are unable to remove the cover.

I brought the Ultra- thin mobile watch phone for my boyfriend's birthday. It looks fancy, but the volume on the watch phone is low and you can hardly hear anyone when they call. This is not a good buy!

This is one of my first reviews - but the product sure deserves a review - so here goes:I tried it out for quite some time now trying to get the most out of the battery life since that is the only drawback the phone has. So i prepared a few numbers for you guys so you can decide based on those numbers.Standby (no bluetooth):  ~ 2 days and moreStandby (bluetooth):  ~ 2 days MAX (more like 1 1/2 day)Full battery - music playtime (BT):  ~ only about 2 1/2 hoursFull battery - talk-time (BT):  ~ about 2 hours as wellWith numbers like that you can imagine that you can only use the phone for about a day if you really use it (as mp3 player in a train...for talking to your friends...using it like a mobile phone really).So even though you get 2 batteries you would have to charge them BOTH every night so you don't have to fear that your phone dies after half a day and you wont be able to reach anybody.The phone is great dont get me wrong there - it's just the battery life that kills the fun kinda. Maybe you can use/buy a batterypack for USB to enhance the battery life.Hope the review helped. Drop a comment if you wanna know more

The best watch/phone ever, this exactly the one which had James Bond, code name 007.All functions are excellent. Just add extra memory for photos & videos.I rely like the simple radio on my hand!

I am probably the 1st person to use this product but didn't purchase it on amazon, I bought is directly from china for I guess 70 dollars back in 2007, nothing is wrong with this product at all, the only problem was, it wasn't Quad band so it wouldn't work on the US networks so I took it to Ethiopia and gave it to my little brother who I guess is still the 1st person to own such a thing in Ethiopia.If you are electronics and technology fun you will love this product go for it.

It is good and looks nice. Not heavy. The operation manual is easy to follow. The phone works good for me with Bluetooth.

where do i start, this thing is a peice of s@#$, the quailty of the thing is bad, all the programming is in chinese, you sell in america put the programming in americain, it broke after a month. DO NOT BUY the blue tooth head set would only sink up to control the volume on the watch not even for the headset. this is a horrible product.

Very big very bigger very biggestHuge stupid device made in ChinaQuality is very badNot good for small hands

Videos and pictures taken with this unit are of such low quality that it is a waste to even try. The battery barely lasts 4 hours of reasonable use. It is useful as a phone and the call quality is decent. No complaints from anyone that they could not understand me. Do not rely on the built in speaker. One should use a blue tooth device. It does not recognize all blue tooth devices though. I am on T-Mobile and it worked right away.The FM radio is decent but requires a proprietary head phone connection. It does not use a standard micro USB port so if you lose the USB cable that comes with it you will have a non functioning conversation piece. It takes micro SD cards up to 4GB. It did not appear to recognize a 16GB card I tried. It says it plays MP4, but I could not get it to work. It did play MP3's.If the battery lasted a day (12 hours) and took decent pictures and had a standard micro USB connection I would recommend it. At this point it is only an interesting curiosity.Forget about contacting the company that either makes or distributes it in the U.S. There is no physical address, e-mail address or phone number so if you need assistance or a replacement USB cable you are out of luck.

I am very dissappointed this watch came without the accessories (charger cord, sim card, etc.)  and it was a x-mas gift for my husband.

I bought this product as a matter of convenience so I would not have to walk around with 2 cell phones. The product was shipped and received quickly and in good condition. It does everything it says it does, however, there are some issues had I known about before, would have affected my decision to purchase. 1) the battery life is not long enough to last through the whole day. After all, it is a small battery and the phone with all its features commands alot of power. You're good probably for about 3 hrs max and that is NOT continuous talk time. 2)If you plan on texting, don't bother buying this item. Apart from needing 20/20 vision and small fingers to see and operate the small keypad/buttons, one hand now becomes useless to help type because you're wearing the watch on it. 3) The phone shuts down and reboots on it's own whenever it feels like it.....and with that sometimes all your personal settings are reverted back to default settings. And last but not least 5) Users will need to use a bluetooth headset with this unit as the speaker and mic on it does not do justice. The speaker makes it very hard to hear the person on the other side. Oh and if you plan on buying this, I hope you have very large hands. ;-)

This watch is alright, i've certainly had better, the price is a little high, but I think it's definitely a great alternative to cheap phones because you have portablility without having to worry about where your phone is all the time. For what it is, it's a quality watch, but if your looking for the top of the line electronics, this isn't for you.

I bought this watch thinking that i could enjoy all the features in it. But just a week of using it. It suddenly got broke well in fact I take care it so much.I really dont recommend this to anyone. You're just like wasting your money out of this crappy stuff.

Well this is much more than any one can expect from a watch, it works good but the loud speaker is not really usefull, you can hardly hear with it, you have to be away from noise to be able to hear and understand the other side. If you want to have a good communication you have to use the head set and I find it a little unconfortable because of the wire, maybe if you try with a bluetooth the story would be different, but you have to buy one.The watch it self is of medium quality, it had been working for some months with no issues, the menu is not very friendly I tried to connect the bluethoot to my computer but it didn't work, I couldn't pair them, but maybe this is a problem of my computer since I had this problem with other devices too, I didn't try in other computers so I really don't know.I find this product a little big and a little disapointing for me, that is why I gave only 3 stars. I don't know if I would recomend it.  The vendor was great, he send it very fast I would recomend them to make any purchase no issues with that.I'll update my review as I use more this thing.

THE BOOK OF INSTRUCTIONS THAT COMES WITH THIS WATCH/PHONE IS USELESS. THE INSTRUCTIONS TELL ME TO GO TO NON EXISTENT  MENU ITEMS, LISTED UNDER NON EXISTENT  IKONS THAT  (of course) ARE NOT ON THE WATCH SCREEN FACE.  I WROTE TO VICTOR INT'L AND ASKED FOR THE CORECT BOOK OF INSTRUCTIONS.  THEY REFUSED TO SEND ME ANY, SAYING THAT DUE TO  CONSTANT SOFTWARE CHANGES, THEY HAVE NOTHING APPLICABLE.  THEY DID GIVE ME A PHONE NUMBER TO CALL FOR SOME KIND OF HELP, BUT THAT NUMBER IS DISCONNECTED.  FANCY THAT!  THEY FURTHER STATED THAT I CAN REQUEST MY MONEY BACK, JUST TO SHUT ME UP.  TO ME, THIS IS ALL SMOKE AND MIRROR, BAIT AND SWITCH ANSWERS THAT REPRESENT INTENSIONAL FRAUD ON THE PART OF VICTOR INT'L, AND... AS SUCH, I AM REPORTING THEM TO THE BBB AND THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION FOR INVESTIGATION.  NEEDLESS TO SAY, NO ONE SHOULD BUY ANY TECHNICAL DEVICE WITHOUT CONCISE DIRECTIONS.  IN OTHER WORDS,  DON'T BUY THE WATCH !  I ALSO CONTACTED AMAZON.COM FOR HELP, AND THEY ARE USELESS !!!

Really, I got rip off! this whatever they call it ain't worth it at all the hear piece broke after 3 days of use too fragile as the watch itself the screen got crack after 1 week, in addition it was a struggle to activate the bluetooth I had to buy one because the one it came with was bs. I mean the quality sound and reception of that product is horrible, a constant fight to hear and get heard. If you got money to waist I strongly advise you to spend on anything else than this non-sense

I got the GD910 because I am really tired of buying belt clip holders for my cell phone.  I have broken six of them and as the phone design continue to change, finding replacements is getting harder.  So I reviewed a lot of alternatives and the GD910 for the price and capabilities was a logical choice.The GD910 cellphone watch is a GSM (Global System for Mobile Communication).  It should work in nearly every country in the world without swapping out your SIM card.  There are US carriers who do not support GSM, unless you pay an additional fee.  I have had Verizon since they were Air Touch, and they do not support this phone without purchasing additional service.  Verizon purchased Alltel a GSM service and changed their own service to be CDMA (Code Division Multiple Access) which is a regional cell phone service.Now back to the phone.  It is a pretty cool device.  The watch screen is a little bit UGLY, ok a whole lot UGLY, but it functions.  The manual that comes with the phone is of little use, but you can download a readable version from the "Light-in-the-Box" web site.  The Wired stereo earphones with built-in MIC and clip is very fragile at the point it inserts into the cell phone watch and it a few inches too short to be comfortable for extended ware.  My headset arrived broken.  I am in contact with the vendor to provide a replacement for the Wired stereo earphones with built-in MIC and clip without me having to return the entire product.I have found that the GD910 Cell Phone Watch works flawlessly with a CONSUMER CELL service. They sent me an activated SIM card, I installed it and the phone started working.  With CONSUMER CELL service the GD910 works all over the US, in Canada, in Mexico and all over Europe and anywhere else where Global cell phone service is available.The key pad is a little difficult to type on, but once the oddities are learned, you can get by.  The contact system leaves a LOT to be desired.  The voice is a mechanical generation that is sometimes annoying.  The Home entry has a HOME, MOBILE, BUSINESS, etc, entries, where other cell phone systems only have home number.  You really don't need anything but a HOME NUMBER for your HOME entry.The Bluetooth feature works very well and pairs very easily.  I have many Bluetooth devices, but I have a Emerson Bluetooth device that works without any problem.  The Emerson goes into sleep mode and must be reactivated by pushing the button twice, but the phone recognizes it quickly.Like a few others I purchased this phone directly from the manufacturer at a substantially lower price.  That makes the phone well worth the price.  Other then the obvious language differences and the fragile head set connection, I have really no negatives to say about the GD910 or the Light-in-the-Box provider.I considered five stars, BUT there are the problems with the fragile Wired stereo earphones with built-in MIC and clip, the rather odd Voice Response system, and the really poor manual that comes with the phone, so I could not justify the highest rating.

This phone is definitely not worth its price. The whole thing is very cheap and is hard to hear. Also says it comes with a stylus but no where to be found. Don't waste your money unless you wanna buy mine back.

I liked this but I couldn't get it open to use it and but I liked the concept of it but didn't work out for me.

I am pleased to say I am satisfied with the cell phone.  The seller was great in helping with my satisfaction.  I would recommend a purchase from sunnyfall because they are really for the customer and have a great cell phone.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0036WHNVS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

I have movies on the watch, music and a blue tooth head set for it.  It is kicken cool!

This item works as described but I have become accustomed to a more advanced user interface on a cell phone.

The battery is very weak. You can not even get one hour of talk time. This is what makes me dissappointed. I love the watch bacause it is very nice but the battery sucks.

Hard to set up. Still haven't done it.Herb B

Very poor design the band breaks easy and the vender won't replace it. I don't recommend this phone watch

Since I received this product, I have not even been able to turn it on. I charged the phone, put in the sim card and it just doesn't seem to work. The instruction book is largely illegible.

quisiera saber  : el manual viene en espa&ntilde;ol  si  funciona en venezuela para poder hacer el pedido y proceder  a la compra

This watch was definitely a topic of conversation for all of my friends. However when it stopped working you could still talk about it just not through it. A true testament to Chinese engineering and quality standards. Stay away from this one.

THE PRODUCT I ORDERED WAS THE ITEM PICTURED TO THE LEFT, WHAT I GOT WAS SOMETHING THAT WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO IT. IT SEEMED TO BE A KNOCK OFF OF WHAT I WANTED. I AM VERY DIS-SATISFIED WITH IT AND I AM RETURN IT HOPEFULLY TO GET A FULL REFUND OR GET EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED.

ok, I want to say first that I like the watch and find it pretty comforatable on my wrist ( medium sized ) and it's not too heavy. The watch functions all work fine and the phone functions works fine as well.  So, my only complaint so far is that the watch will just randomly shut itself off... It is annoying and it shouldn't do that...but I can live with it I guess.  So, for grins I removed the batter to see if the contact pins were losing contact and they didn't seem to be loose or having any issues. I then tried to power the phone on without the battery and the phone turned on.... HUH? I guess there is an internal battery on this phone that I didn't know about...and come to find out that the external battery pack didn't work due to a broken wire.  I can remove the battery while the phone is on and the battery icon will show the same amount of charge no matter if the battery is in or out.Phone function is descent and the speaker phone works great if you don't have it too loud... then the caller on the other end will hear their own voice.Video/camera function is ok for what it is and the better the lighting, the better the video/picture quality.PM4 player works well after figuring out the software that is on the watch.  I used the 3pg format and you have to use the 177 x 144 setting in order to get the videos to work properly. There is an option ot use MP4, AVI, 3GP for you video format.MP3 player works well either through the speaker or you can use the included bluetooth headset.  File transer is easy once you plugged your watch into the usb jack on your computer.  Just drag and drop files into the appropriate folder and you are good to go.I would of given this product 5 stars if it didn't turn itself off every once and a while and knew that the batter pack actually works as a battery.UPDATE 6/11/12sometime around the 1st week of June the watch just up and died on me.  It was working around 6am and by 9 am it was gone.  I just figured it was a dead battery and I went to charge it up and.....nothing.  It wouldn't even try to charge the battery.  $150 gone in 3 months.... and I bougth another one to replace it...let's see if the second one will last longer than the first.  I really liked the watch, just hope I don't get burned a second time.

i wright this review t say i love this watch and to say the company has been nice enough to send me a replacement cable since mine broke the watch phones performs as stated doese email,internet,voice dialing and only occasional static but i think its due to the phone but hey its a bit small for a proper antenna yet im still satisfied.i  will buy from this vendor again as well,all in all good product good vendor

As the fourth user of this product in the whole world (based on the total number of reviews published), let me start by saying how odd I feel being the first kid on my block when it comes to owning a real Dick Tracy watch. Having a cool gadget on my person is very atypical for me. I'm a classic late adopter (cheapskate). But I've always liked the idea of a gadget that plays MP3s, tells time and makes calls. The camera, voice recorder, calculator etc. clinched the sale. Does anyone recall the watch OS MS was developing years back? That was exciting. Anyway, the reaction I've been getting to this thing is "wow, that's neat!" versus "man, you're such a loser!"Basic observations along 4 lines: cost/value, form/fit, convenience and usability.Cost/value: I paid nearly $200 on Amazon. That's what happens when you get excited and reach for your credit card. I later saw it for sale for $110. Is it what I wanted? No, not really. I wanted a watch phone that would allow me to leave leave the house with empty pockets. Unfortunately, the logistics of bluetooth, combined with severe battery life issues, relegates this to the "phone backup" and "gee-whiz" bucket. Is there a lot of value here? Yup. This gadget truly works as a worldwide phone, takes pictures and plays MP3s... for as long as the battery holds out. Despite several flaws, I would buy this product again at the price I paid.Form/fit: I have small wrists, and the rubberized watch band is no problem (gets a little sweaty). You can shut off the sci-fi blue backlight on the keypad, allowing the socially astute among us to pretend nothing weird is going on and that they're just into tacky sports watches. As expected, the keyboard was designed for a chipmunk. But by growing my thumbnail a bit long, I am able to navigate it with considerable difficulty. The only change I would suggest is to the up-down-right-left keys that flank the selct button; I would widen the "up" key a little - it's narrow almost to the point of being unusable. Beyond this, there are no serious ergonomics issues. As other reviews have pointed out, the watch must be paired with a bluetooth headset. I splurged and bought the Plantronics stereo one - truly a thing of beauty. And happily, the watch ships with a chintzy little bluetooth earpiece which I will use as a spare.Convenience: miniscule battery life kills this product. Ideally, you wouldn't have to charge your phone away from home. Here, you get a total of 6 hours life from both batteries - carrying the USB charger is a necessity. Power-off is not exactly elegant: the watch announces: "Low Battery - Shutting Down!" and 3 seconds later you're looking at a dead watch. Oddly, a fully charged spare battery is little help; it may show full power but only last 2 hours. Apart from the awful battery situation, day-to-day use of the device isn't bad. I miss calls while fumbling to put on my bluetooth headset, but that's my issue to work out.Usability: I wish there were a "vibrate" mode instead of a noisy little midi when a call comes in. My shirt sleeve sometimes initates a phone call on its own - a one-touch keyboard lock feature would be nice.I wanted the ability to control what comes up when I press one of the up-down-right-left buttons. I wanted to use my bluetooth headset for FM radio. I wanted a slideshow option for photos (the touch screen comes close to this). And I wanted some basic MP3 player functions, like "random". But in light of the camera and everything else, some of these are nits.  The most unhappy thing is the text input SW they chose: typing in any langauge is painful (I am a chinese linguist and sad to say, pinyin input is a nightmare - and from a chinese manufacturer!) A standard SMS message will have you switching from English caps to English lower case to number input to symbol input...and every time you change, your will scroll endlessly through french, german, italian, arabic etc.One final comment: my refusal to read any sort of printed product documentation is vindicated here. The manual is totally useless - the information is wrong, missing or misleading to a laughable extent. I very nearly destroyed the watch by following the instructions for removing the battery. I was also unhappy that there is no mention of customer support anywhere at all in the product. If something went functionally wrong with the product today, I still would have absolutely no idea how to get in touch with the manufacturer.But we're hardy souls, breaking new ground. And for all these cool features, the price is right - so I hope this review doesn't come across as too harsh. I say again: I like what I bought, and it exceeded my price-performance expectations. Yes, it is handicapped in a couple of areas. But overall, my sincere kudos to the product manager in charge of this thing. It's a game-changing product, primarily due to the low price tag, but also in large part to the long list of technologies stuffed into it. Congratulations on a very reasonable contender in this fascinating product category. If you like the idea of a general all-in-one device, and aren't too hung up on reliability and usability, go for it!

the battery is not good enough it gone empty in 2 days and the screen is not sensitive enough  &#62;

In two words, Battery Life. Every thing else is good. Battery life stinks. Also would be nice to have computer software to manage phone list and access to rest of phone's features. Still get people crowding around me to look at it in college. Its neat, guess we have to wait for new battery technology to come along for this to be a great idea.

THIS PRODUCT SUCK ASS BIG TIME. IT SHUTS OFF AT RANDOM, COMES WITH TWO BATTERIES BUT NEITHER OF THEM MAKE IT PAST THE 3 WEEK CYCLE OF NORMAL USE, THE MENU IS THERE BUT ITS SO COMPLICATED TO USE LIKE THE FORMAT ITS FROM CHINA. THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS PRODUCT ITS THAT IT HAS A CAMERA THAT CAN TAKE VIDEO IN SECRET AND PICTURES, BUT IT THE BATTERIES ARE SHOT THAT DEFEATS THE PURPOSE OF OWNING THIS PRODUCT. IF IT WERE MADE BY A REPUTABLE COMPANY I WOULD BUY IT IN A HEART BEAT. I TOOK A RISK ON THIS PRODUCT AND NOW I REGRET IT.

Instruction brochure is so tiny that you cannot read it. Still have not been able to use watch. Able to set time. No response from manufacturer.
