
GOOD BUY, BUT HAD NO COMMUNICATION WITH THE SELLER, THE PHONE CAME ON THE DATE SET WITH NO PROBLEM, JUST ENJOY ME IS MY PHONE, JUST ENJOY ME IS MY PHONE, I WOULD BE BUYING FROM AMAZON.

This is such a nice change after having had the Blackberry 8830 (World edition) for 2 years. At first I was a bit worried about complaints I've read online - cheap, plasticky feel, like a toy, poor battery life, battery door hard to open, which is why I made sure to see the phone in person before buying it. It did not disappoint at all. The design is stylish, sleek and not cheap looking at all. It's very lightweight, trackpad is an awesome change from constantly having to clean a dirty trackball, OS is faster and gives the interface a much more sophisticated look to it. Battery life is obviously relative to the amount of time you spend on the phone and amount of stuff you have going on, so if you're a heavy user you'd probably need to have an extra battery or have the charger with you all the time. As for the battery door, I did not have trouble with opening it for the first time.Great great phone! They say it's entry-level but I definitely consider it as an upgrade!

I've been using blackberries for ages and this was just what I wanted. The price is incredible. I'm also very pleased with how quickly this phone arrived and the excellent customer service I was afforded.

i bought this phone about 3 months ago, because i was tired of using a touch screen to text. i felt that having physical keys to push would be better...and for a while it was, but this phone has been horrible since day one. i shopped for a week, looking for a well-priced phone, and found this online for a great price, and decent reviews. after activating my wireless account, and charging up the phone, that's when the trouble started. the tiny touch pad is unresponsive, texting is a nightmare; there's a very noticeable lag when switching between texts, and while i text, a small, black square smiley face pops up, and my phone freezes for a couple seconds. the first time, i ignored it, but it happens several times when i'm in conversation with a friend. one positive, the call quality is pretty good. i've never had a dropped call, and that's why i rated it 2, instead of 1 star.

I bought this phone from Andrew and the phone arrived looking brand new, I had the phone for about a month and don't know what I did to lock myself out and froze the key pad, I called Andrew and he tried to walk me through the process to get the phone unlock, I was not able to accomplish this, and so he called metro pcs customer service, which if you know is a complete nightmare. he called four different times before finally we got a rep on the phone, who still was not able to assist me, Andrew told me to just either mail him the phone back for couple dollars more and I would get a boost mobile blackberry, or take it into metro. I chose to take it to metro and was ordered a refurbished blackberry. I would like to thank Andrew for his excellent customer service and outstanding product and knowledge base of the product. I will do business again with him and recommend him to all my friends. he's definitely the go to guy for used phones at a decent price and top notch customer service. I would also add being that I'm on my 3rd blackberry since the purchase from this vendor, to make sure you get insurance from metro, in case the phone turns out to be a dud. you get another one. also I did not get a brand new blackberry from metro as stated but a refurbished phone.

very unsatisfied by this order. disappointing and i got angry at the fact that i bought a phone thinking it was going to work and it cant be activated on my account

I Lost my Money! I am not an Expert, so, when I decided to buy the Blackberry 8530, I had in mind, all Blackberry had a Slot to Insert a "SIM Card". I am from Haiti and I cannot use a Cellular that do not use SIM Cards, so I lost my money and do not know what to do with this stupid phone Blackberry 8530!

The phone got here in time! with a personal note (small details get to me ). It arrived on time and in prestine condition.  Andrew even included a case for it. I would definitely buy more from this seller!

muy bueno y mejor y comprar y amason y mejor precos y compra major y verry good y servicio grasias

THIS WAS A HORRIBEL PHONE THE SCROLL BOTTOM DOESNT WORK. THE LETTERS DIDNT TYPE IT WAS AS THOUGH THE PHONE WAS COMPLETLY USELESS

I really didn't care for the small little keyboard.  It was quite irritating to me trying to figure this thing out.

I am very skeptical about purchasing cell phones over the internet, especially Sprint since they are still using ESN's.  However, I had no choice as my daughter breaks every phone she gets within months.  The phone is working great and is pretty durable.  I will keep this seller in mind for future purchases.

I really wanted to get my phone on the 14th June but phone gets here 17 June this sucks they can try to be more on time.

Before you a turned off by people saying this Blackberry is cheap and poorly made, brimming with plastics, understand that this construction allows this Blackberry to be light as hell - and that has been a rewarding feature of this Curve, the first Blackberry I've owned. It is also compact and the lack of any flip/sliding screen makes it fit in my pocket without any obnoxious bulge on the side. I've never had high expectations for cell phones, starting with a basic, free Sprint flip-phone and then moving onto the Razr 2 years later when the Razr was 2 or more years out of fashion, so naturally when I got this Curve right when it came out (and was the first customer to purchase the red color at the Old Town Pasadena Sprint store) I was in awe of the phone and loved everything about it. The reason I am writing this review is actually because my battery is finally showing signs of being finished and I needed to buy a new one. So however long ago this Curve came out in the color red - I believe it was 2 years ago, give or take a few months, is how long the factory battery lasted, and by lasted I mean, with having Wifi on constantly (didn't even think about turning it off until recently) and talking and texting in moderation, I would only need to charge the phone every other day, which was for the most part better than the two phones I had previously. I love the track pad and only every once in a while does it lag for a minute or two, at which point I just leave the phone alone to let it catch up with itself. The internet browser obviously isn't going to be as flashy as that of a touch-screen smartphone like the iPhone or more advanced Blackberries, but I did load a youtube video, plug my phone into my car's auxilary port, and blast music with it. Not too shabby. Overall the simplicity is part of the Curve's appeal.  It is capable of everything you should need in a phone, including an assortment of basic games and applications, some of which you can download from the Sprint Store. And face it, if you buy a phone for Applications you need to think of better things to do with your life, that's what iPods, Gameboys, and Laptops are for. The Curve is the perfect smartphone for those who have never had a smartphone and don't need anything too fancy, flashy, or complicated (like my mom, who thinks these technological breakthroughs with phones are out to get her and confuse her to death haha). And maybe some people got dud batteries out of the shop (I did with my Razr back in the day) but mine was sufficient and didn't disappoint.  4 out of 5.

I had this phone and the batteries replaced soo many times that i have lost count. I don't know why they would even put out such a horrible phone. I do not know why anyone would reccomend this phone other than the fact that when I brought it as an upgrade it costed me a penny....I would rather get the penny back

I know this phone was a little old but I also know that blackberry has not updated their OS much since this phone. Nor do they sell anything that compares to what technology is at today.

Really fast shipping and very good price. I have a blackberry curve that came in good condition and had problems with battery but I called and they sent me a new one now it works great. Didn't get the accessories just got the phone and the charger, and no car charger. Good phone though.

Perfect replacement fo ra phone that I inadvertently crushed.  It has worked exactly as expected and was very easy to set up

I have been with Sprint for quite some time now and have found their service to be fairly solid.  Prior to the 8530, I had the Blackberry Curve 8330.  This phone is a major step forward (see below); however, there are certain features from the old Curve that do not appear on this one.  For instance, I was dismayed to find that the phone does not have a flash for the camera anymore.  It's not clear why they removed it, as the old Curve had a flash.  In addition, could the battery have gotten worse??  I realize this phone has many more features, some of which drain the batter life (i.e. WiFi), but they have to continue to make improvements to the battery to keep up with these improvements.PROS*Clearer Screen - I'm not sure if the screen was replaced or upgraded, but it looks much clearer to me than my old Curve.  The colors are much more vibrant and the resolution seems better.*Much faster processor - Sifting through emails or menus is much quicker on this phone than on the old Curve*Media processing - I'm able to sort through music, pictures, and videos much quicker and easier than with the old Curve.  If you're like me and store a lot of media on the phone, you know how bogged down it can become.  I have an 8gb memory chip in this phone and it has not noticeably slowed the phone down.  Loading new music on here is much quicker than it was before.*WiFi - I use the WiFi almost exclusively now to browse the internet.  I get download speeds of upwards of 150 kb/sec on my phone!CONS*No Flash for the camera*Construction - This phone feels even cheaper made than the old Curve, which is saying a lot.  Each time I drop the phone, I think it will be the last time it will work.  Should you get this phone, but INSURANCE just in case. The battery cover is a case in point.  The old Curve battery cover clasped into the phone and there was a button to release it.  The battery cover on this phone snaps in and pops out fairly easily.  I've only had the phone for a month, so I can't say whether this will become a problem in the future.*Battery life - If you turn off WiFi, battery life improves; however, then you lose one of the best features of this phone.*No GSM capability - This is NOT a world phone.  I guess with Blackberry, you have to pick and choose which features you really want.  It's sort of like buying a house, you can't get everything you wanted.  With Blackberry, if you want both a world phone and WiFi capability, to my knowledge, it does not exist (at least on Sprint).*Keyboard - The keyboard is slightly smaller than the old Curve.  So if you are upgrading, this phone may take some getting used to.  Otherwise, even if you have bigger fingers, this phone is easy to type on.OVERALLIf you're looking to switch to the Blackberry family, or upgrade, I'd recommend upgrading to one of the other Blackberries.  The Curve is the entry-level Blackberry.  The Tour and Bold have faster processors and are much more sturdy in construction.  In addition, they have a flash in the back for the camera.

I've had this phone for about 1.5 years. I've full-on dropped it on the concrete running through the train station I don't know how many times, it never even notices. Today it left it on the roof of my car and drove away...I'm embarrassed to admit -- but it's for a good cause! It flew off in the street and GOT RUN OVER. The backplate and battery were nearby. I put the battery back in (backplate won't quite fit properly) and it turned right on. I am still in communication with the outside world.Yes, the screen is small. The camera, not so great. The GoogleSync can be intrusive. When you navigate you have to manually refresh from your current location. But it'll crack the screen of any iPhone with its keyboard tied behind its back, and then swagger away.

I was not able to activate this because Sprint said that I needed the "account information" for the phone.  I bought it "new" but apparently it wasn't, according to Sprint. So now I have to return it and wait for another phone.  Very disappointing, as I needed a phone fast.  I definitely will never buy another of these phones again.  I will be purchasing another Blackberry, but never a Sprint.

Item was sent according to expectation and in perfect condition. Great value. Much cheaper than buying a phone with the service provider.

The ph works gr8 does all the reqd tasks.. but is very dated now. BB needs to come up to speed.

Just upgraded to the 8530 last week and wow I love this unit! Nice design, very fast processor, crisp graphics and resolution,  and the touch pad is a welcome upgrade from the trackball.  The not so perfect - battery life is anemic. It seems to eat a lot of juice.  The unit is power intensive with it's graphic interface and media features so it's safe to say it's underpowered.  You can buy a more powerful battery but it seems if that exists it should have been pre-installed on the 8530 to begin with.  A minor peeve is the keyboard size.  Although it has a Qwerty style keyboard the buttons are too small.  Easy to hit the wrong ones when typing.  But that's a minor thing and I found the more I use it the more I get used to it. The camera feature is so far the best I have had although there is no flash. Other complaints I've read about a cheap design and flimsy battery cover may be based on experiences with previous BB models but I don't see it.  I see nothing cheap about this unit.  I do think it's stylish, reliable, quick, compact, and a lot of fun.  I recommend it.

First of all the battery life is not good it dies 1hr after its been charged, 2nd, it turns off and on by itself, 3rd, it freezes. So I probobly won,t ever buy a used phone.

The trackpad on this model takes some getting used to after the trackball. However, the area beneath the trackball seems to be nothing more than a reservoir of filth that has to be constantly cleaned in order to keep it working at optimal performance. So the trackpad is definitely a step up once you get comfortable with it. The smaller keys may also require some adjustment, and those with dexterity or vision issues may want to consider a phone with larger buttons & display.For the tech-savvy, most of the features will be a no-brainer, but if you need help figuring out the controls, probably the most useful page in the various booklets included is page 2 of the "Getting Started" booklet with the traffic light on the cover. This page clearly diagrams where each button on the phone is and what it does. Chances are if you check this page, you won't need any of the other instructions. If all else fails, I've found the folks at the Sprint stores are more than willing to show you how to access any feature you may be having trouble with.It comes with a wire headset that you probably won't use since everyone seems to be stuck on bluetooth headsets. However, I find that having the phone attached to the headset keeps me from walking off and leaving the phone in another room, losing my connection, and the sound is much clearer on both ends. You also get a wall charger, as well as a USB charger cable that doubles as a sync cable-- very nice touch.The camera on this phone, as with most phones, is useless except for throwaway images & videos at only 2.0 megapixel resolution. It's great to take pictures of fender-benders or temporary images. but don't trust this camera to preserve priceless family moments that will never come again-- especially without the flash included on earlier Blackberry models. I see it as a convenience, not as a replacement for my regular camera.I also don't care to use this as a replacement for my iPod, but I am someone who runs my iPod mostly from the time I get up until the time I go to bed. It's hardly practical to run the battery down on my phone listening to music. I don't use the wi-fi either-- again, I use a separate device for wi-fi access, so this may not be a practical solution for you. However, disabling the wi-fi and not using this as my primary MP3 player seems to have improved my battery life. If you want to use this phone as a full strength multi-functional device, you may need to invest in a more powerful battery for it if indeed one is available.As far as apps are concerned, Blackberry isn't going to put Apple out of business any time soon, but there is definitely potential for exponential growth as more and more apps become available. I've installed a couple of freebie apps so far, and I can see how they can become addictive. Since apps are third party products, be sure to read reviews, and don't go app crazy downloading anything just because you can.The phone does feel a little flimsy, with the battery cover popping out way too easily for my taste. Sure, a case or silicone wrap will help with this, but this really shouldn't be a problem considering it wasn't an issue on previous models. Get the insurance on whatever phone you get and give yourself come peace of mind.Sprint has been a pleasure to use for me. I know all services have horror stories depending on personnel, company policy and how well coverage is in your area, but Sprint has always been reliable and its in store representatives exemplary of qualtiy customer service. Their plans are just what we needed for our business, and the folks at the Lake Plaza Drive store in Indianapolis are friendly, helpful and I actually look forward to going in whenever I need help.Bottom line: This is an entry-level Blackberry, great for beginners like myself, but experienced Blackberry users may want to consider a higher-end model. For me this phone serves all my needs and satisfies my need for gadgetry at the same time.

sprint htc touch pro 2 is in one word the best windows mobile phone plus htc touch flo 3d makes it more finger friendly with its 3.6 in screen.i have sprint htc hero and the screen on the android phone really suck and htc just introduce its sense customization so its really slow, android to me really feels like its for young kids compare to windows mobile, and the tilt screen is a plus i watch countless hours of video with out holding the phone, and it comes loaded with both work and fun features and you cant beat sprint everything data plan, so you can really use the phone as you was meant 2, about the price get it from amazon because i wasn't about to PAY 350 for it, but its worth it. you wont regret buying this phone. ANY BODY WITH QUESTION AIM ME AT LOUISJEUNEA02119.

Used to have a Pearl with numerous problems, finally had enough of it and decided to upgrade. Sprint has a deal going on right now where you get [...] for your old phone, and since I was over a year due, I got a $[...] rebate too. So my opinion may be a bit skewed as I got this phone for free. Gotta be honest I HATED Blackberry and didn't understand the attraction to the company when I had my Pearl as it was over-overwhelmingly disappointing since day 1.Well I'm happy to say that I am probably a permanent fan of the BB thanks to this phone. 1st: Thank god BB got rid of the ball, as the sensor-tracker is 100 times better. My ball would go bad, get dirty, etc. This is probably the best tracker I've seen on any phone including the iPhone. I love the BB Messenger capabilities, love the qwerty pad, love the speed of the phone. I have yet to find one flaw regarding the mechanics of this phone. Have downloaded 2 apps thus far for free--Pandora Internet Radio and Google Maps which are must haves (don't even bother using the Maps app loaded on the phone, its terrible) and both have worked like a charm.The only thing I miss is the flash for the camera, as it seems my Pearl took excellent photos compared to a lot of other phones. I haven't had great luck with this one so far, but like I said, its a very small issue compared to the other flaws that have gone away since my upgrade.Not sure how this phone works on other networks, but Sprint is EXCELLENT. I was with AT&T; for years and hated it, and I will never understand its popularity except for the fact its the only network with the never-ending praised, over-rated over-priced iPhone. Sprint may not be popular with the "hip" kids these days (but who cares) however I have nothing but good things to say about Sprint, as its coverage and its service are the best I've ever had.If I had the dough, I might saddle up for the Bold, as it seems to be just like this phone but has a couple better features like a better operating system, a higher mega-pixel camera, better speakers for music, ability for a 32G card, and might last better in the long run. But again, the going price for that is $[...], and how can I complain or compare the 2 when I got mine for free? This Curve is probably the best phone deal of my life.If you're a person who hasn't owned a Blackberry before and you're looking to get into it without breaking the bank, this IS the phone I recommend. I have friends who have BB's and like I said I've owned one previously too, and this is BY FAR the best one I've come upon for the price. These things will be unstoppable when they start supporting Flash, which will blow iPhone out of the water, so hopefully isn't too far off.You will love this phone!

the phone doesnot work in barbados, it need to work with a slim card that have duadphones mark on it or like gprs and so on, so my money were burn.

good morning brother, a question the phone costs $ 94 with accessories, but it is new, used or rebuilt?I appreciate your responseatt. isaac perez, thank you very much!

good product. was scared to buy, but item so far is pretty good! happy with my purchase :). def a good buy!

excellent product shame the company is not able to compete in the market. i have had 2 other BB curves BB messenger is gr8

this phone is a big disappointment, when you are texting, there is limited amount of lines to text, also there is an annoying auto correct (for spelling) that changes what you are trying to text . This alone is a no no with this phone. I used it for 100 days and went back to my old phone.  Bad product due to texting, small keys

I am someone who likes what I buy to do EXACTLY what it says it can, and do it well.  This phone does just that.  I bought this to go with my Sprint plan.  At first, it was a bit confusing...not used to a phone with all the different menus and options that are available.  Once I got it really down pat, I realized some of the really great things about it:1) First of all, it's a great phone.  I have no problems with lacks of service anywhere I have been.  Clear call quality even in some remote areas.  Like all phones, it can be difficult if you are inside a building with a lot of electronics and shielding, but otherwise, it's great.2) Battery life is very good....but you must realize that you have to close programs...this will run them in the background if you just hit the "end" button to go back to main menu.  This will hold a very good charge at standby, and gives you a good amount of talk time.  If you use it for heavy apps often or have a theme installed that uses lots of resources, battery life will suffer some.  If you want a car-charger get an I-Go.  DO NOT....I repeat...DO NOT buy the $5.00 ones that are on here and Buy.com.  they will maintain a charge level, but will not CHARGE the phone, so if your phone is near dead when you plug it in, it will be just as dead when you unplug it.  I-Go will charge it, and fast.3) BB App world.  Just about ANYTHING you could want on there...much for free, some you pay.  Antivirus programs, games, you name it, it has it.4) It has a wide range of downloadable "themes" that range from strange to really cool.  These come complete with their own icon sets, main screen set-ups, backgrounds, etc.  You can have custom "lights" from the status light set for individual people.5) An actual keypad.  I love it.  I had an I-Phone in the past, and I cannot stand the whole touch-screen thing. I like having a keyboard that I can feel myself press the button.  It's a bit smallish, but it works very well when you get used to it.6) All the productivity software.  It can open most file formats that you people send you in an e-mail.7) Camera is very nice and can do some simple zooming.8) Tether=buy it.  $49.99 one time charge allows you to use your phone as a mobile internet connection (so long as you have a data plan).There are a lot of other interesting features to this phone.Only a couple drawbacks:1) Must hold A button to lock screen....confused me a bit at first, but oh well2) charger doesn't always stay in the phone if you have a "skin" on it.  Be sure you really push it in well, and don't mess with it.3) Web surfing can be frustrating sometimes....sometimes shows mobile site, sometimes original full site.I have owned an I-Phone, and while this might not be the web-surfing beast that device is, it also does some thing better.1) Better navigation...Sprint nav is fantastic.2) Still allows internet tethering. Those of you with I-Phones with latest firmware updates probably cannot share your internet connection anymore without jailbreaking (and voiding your warranty).  No need to void warranty...download program tether ($49.99) available thru sprint's provided BB Apps application and you're good.3) Available for networks other than AT&T;4) Better office applications

Great product. Would've liked more alarms, but I can call/text/pictures and thats exactly what i needed most. its nice to have a little extra for when im bored.

I was thinking.. "wow I finally got a smart phone! I can do all the cool things i've seen smart phones do now!" nope.. wrong..You can do all of those things, but the Blackberry does it HORRIBLY. Examples.-Youtube never works, when it does its slow and to blurry to watch.-FORGET ABOUT WEB BROWSING. Its not going to work. The only page your going to be able to use is Wikipedia. And expect to wait days on end for it to load.-Emails look terrible, just a bunch of unloaded, overlapping picture boxes.-Stupid short cut buttons across the phone. Like "-" is to zoom, while "+" is to back up. Not even kidding.-Wifi never stays on at will, it has a mind of its own. And I am right next to a router.-Voice dialing sucks (like on every phone)-Blackberry apps are cheap, stupid, never do what they say, and Not worth the money. (oh that is IF you can get the app store to load)-The phone will Crash and Shutdown when you try to upload a picture to Facebook.-The phone is overall as slow as a windows 95 PCI have no pros, none. The pros are what All phones should be able to do.Sprint is a very good company, good customer service and products except this phone. Could have better service in some areas though.Spend the extra cash and get a real smart phone though.

I made the HUGE mistake of getting an iPhone and giving this phone to my daughter (who lost it immediately).  While the iPhone and other "recreational" phones are good for a lot of things, nothing compares to the Blackberry in regards to getting work done on the phone.  Without buying any apps, this phone allows you to open and edit Microsoft Office docs, save them and resend them.  The raised buttons allow for rapid typing with less errors.  It is small so it fits in pockets easily and it has been the most dependable phone that I have every owned.  For you "rec" users (see under 25 years old) you will be happy to know that you can still watch TV, videos, and online streaming shows (e.g. watch espn).  I also kept all of my iTunes music on this and used it while jogging Although not played in iTunes).

This phone was sent to me here in Jamaica and it could not work here it has no sim card slots even though i was in several discussions with the customer service agent, then i had to pay the shipping cost to have it sent back to the company totally unfair and i felt conned and mistreated.

hello I'm from Venezuela and I wonder if this phone can work perfectly in my country and if I use for any telephone company

when you buy cdma unspecified as it was first time I bought in another country did not know what was cdma sprint!

This phone is really good for texting and making calls. The battery life is fine if you don't plan on making calls or running apps all day, but that's the way with most smartphones. The online connections are a bit awkward...I don't have the patience to wait for it to load. I got this phone to hold me over for a few months, so I think it's a really good backup phone.

The phone was a good buy but it cannot be used in my country as it has no sim card space. can i return it for one i can use?

epale amigo quisiera saber si este celular es liberado y se puede utilizar en venezuela con las compa&ntilde;ias de telefono de aqui

This phone has been absolutely wonderful. It has all you would need from a phone with some extras that are certainly nothing to sneeze at. I especially love the mouse feature for while you are on the net.

Besides the lack of a camera flash and a couple other small annoyances, this phone is the perfect entry level BB for myself and my friends. Blackberry has definitely produced a winner in the mass consumer market for their phones.This phone has pretty much all the features that its competitors have along with its storied and well developed blackberry e-mail system. The fact that it can be had for less than $50 after mail in rebate is an excellent value.If you're looking for a phone that keeps you organized, connected to all your family and friends, entertained, and more, this is a great phone. The e-mail, contact lists, and the way all messages are combined into shared boxes is truly efficient and easy to use. The keyboard is responsive and fast..and much better than any touchscreen out there. The only annoyance was the sometimes short battery life, but this is remedied by turning off the WiFi and Bluetooth radios and closing extra applications. In terms of cellphone service coverage, Sprint has truly vastly improved over the last 5 years. I along with my friends took our BB 8530 phones up and down the East Coast and had excellent service the entire way: e-mailing, chatting, texting, sending pics, receiving pics, facebooking, etc. There were a handful of dead spots, but coverage and reliability was rivaling Verizon Wireless (former VZW subscriber of 10 years!)The fact that unlimited use of their voice command GPS network (LIVE traffic updates and rerouting!) is truly amazing and at least worth $200 in my opinion.  Their Sprint TV network is not bad either with various channels that include LIVE ESPN.Please be aware that Sprint's Family plans are the best currently on the market. To be able to have unlimited mobile to mobile calling, unlimited texting, unlimited data, for less than $45 per person per month is freaking amazing. If you don't want to burn your cash on flashier smartphones, get this phone. You won't regret it :)

This phone was a major upgrade from my old Motorola ROKR phone.  This was the first time I had a smart phone and I loved it.  I didn't pay much for it so I wasn't going to expect too much out of it.  I'll go straight to the point with good and bad things about the phone.The GOOD:Texting, Emailing and making phone calls is a breeze with this phone.Found applications I needed on a phone.Track Pad is really smooth and easy to use.Typing is pretty easy once you get used to the small keyboard.The BAD:Camera has no flash and resolution is below average.  (It is easy to take pictures though)The UGLY:I have never had a phone with a reception this bad!Let me get into the reception:I've had several dropped calls in my own home and I live in a big city!  My girlfriend and family have different carriers and of course different phones and they're signal is strong all the time. I called Sprint and asked if I could get a different phone but they said they wouldn't allow me that.  They did however send me the airave signal amplifier and that seems to be working way better.Final Thoughts:This phone is awesome for the price I paid ($30) but it has very few but major drawbacks!

I was very unhappy with this product. It was rated as very good, but was missing several key applications such as Memo Pad and Tasks. It would not connect to my e-mail accounts, or GPS. I was getting ready to return it, but instead gave it to my 12-year-old niece, who doesn't need these applications.

great item, came in brand new box unopened. looks and operates great. Why spend $7/month and then have to pay $100 to get a new replacement phone when you can pay $80 for a new phone? great deal!

over the phone should improve its quality control and buy one and display the month injury that is sold without guarantee that

good afternoon, I am writing to see if I can get your support, buy the cell phone BlackBerry Curve 8530 Phone (Sprint) for my mistake, I bought CDMA and for that reason I can not use in my country Venezuela, I can do to return or have the option of the same model unlocked GSM thank you very much and I hope to help me solve this problem.BlackBerry Curve 8530 Phone (Sprint) CDMA

Blackberrys are great phone until you have to update the software. Updates take over 3 hours if your phone do not freeze up or shut down in the process. Just spend the extra money and upgrade to an android or apple base system. If you really love the phone DO NOT update your software.

It was nothing as it say I bought it look at it tried it but the face is so scratch up no charger as it say overall am disappointed

I received the product in good condition, original and best of all is the durability of it is excellent.I recommend,

I had money for a blackberry so I was worried who to buy from and worried I wasn't gonna get a good working phone, so I found Andrew and I just got his blackberry that he sold me let me tell you for 55 bucks and only taking me a few minutes to activate it, this was the best and greatest deal possible. Shipped faster than I though way faster, the blackberry was amazing not one scratch on screen in perfect work condition it came just like a new one would with the setup wizard and all the good stuff. Andrew is a seller like no other he is a helpful guy and whenever I called him the would always answer and help me with what ever I needed help with, he is a reliable and a smart business man. He also include a smart charger which helps your battery alot for 55 bucks a like brand new blackberry you really can't beat the deal I promise you this guy is one of a kind. My sister will be buying from him once she gets her money, for her  birthday.Thanks Andrew

Me pregunto si esto es blackberry tarjeta SIM? y si se puede utilizar en Venezuela. puede enviar la respuesta a mi correo gracias saludos

No lo compre s&oacute;lo sirve para repuesto en Venezuela es perder dinero, ni que sea due&ntilde;o de movilnet le consigue l&iacute;nea...

when i ordered the phone i thought it was no problem but when i went to go get it turned on it said it was reported stolen so anybody thats reading DO NOT BUY THIS BLACKBERRY

PHONE LOOKS BEAT UP AND IS LISTING VERY GOOD, NOT HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT. MAKE SURE YOU GET WHAT IS PROMISED IN THE REVIEW OF THE PRODUCT.

I was not totally happy with this phone (Blackberry curve 8530).  I purchased this phone as a "new " item, and the original box had been opened.  It was obvious the phone had been used by its appearance with a few scratch marks.  At first when I began to use the phone, it continually kept cutting on and off, and after several days, whatever was wrong with it seemed to work itself out.  I would just cut it back on every time it shut itself off.I would have sent the phone back for a return, but I was in need of this type of phone for business and personal reasons, so I could not be without one any longer.

I wonder if this is blackberry sim card? and if I can used in Venezuela. could send the answer to my email thanks greetings

I owned this phone for 4 months and loved it.  It worked great and made managing my work emails and calendar much easier.  However the phone became very hot one day and completely died.  I took it back to the Sprint store and they tried a new battery and it would not work. They said that the phone is completely fried and I would have to get a new one.  I am very disappointed with this phone.

I loved this phone. No ball for the blackberry so that was a big plus. I didnt have any freezing issues like most blackberrys I had prior to this phone.

PHONE TOOK TWO DAYS TO ARRIVE AND CAME IN PERFECT CONDITION, IM SO VERY SATISIFED, AND IT WAS VERY EASY TO ACTIVATE THROUGH SPRINT(BB CURVE 8530) WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND SELLER, FAST AND RELIABLE SERVICE AND ALWAYS ANSWERED ANY EMAILS NEEDED.

This phone was perfect in the beginning but after the 2 1/2 months i had it the phone wiped everything and crashed. good thing my insurance covered it from sprint

when i first thought about purchasing a phone from amazon i was, to say the least, skeptical. with all the amazon phone buying horror stories going around i felt as if this could easily happen to me as well. Looking for an older model bb new was the easy part but finding the best seller was the hard part. let me tell you Ebargain100 is 100% legit. i purchased this curve on Dec 1st and within 3 days with regular shipping i got it which was surprising bc it wasn't scheduled to arrive until the 8th. right off the bat the packaging was great. The package included a custom Blackberry box and a car charger adaptor! i had no idea it came with it so that was a nice surprise. When i opened the bb box i found the brand new 8530 with the cd, manual, usb charger/wall charger, the official bb leather case and the bb headphones. Everything was brand new no wear on any items. i was kinda wondering why the box wasn't the official bb box so out of curiosity i called the Ebargain100 number. she answered instantly and insured me all contents were new but they buy the bb in bulk so they have to buy all accessories separately and make their own boxes to fit the contents. i am extremely happy to get a brand new bb with extras for such a low price. i recommend Ebargains100 to any skeptical buyer such as myself. oh one more thing, not a big deal but i know for buying a sprint 8530 curve you would usually get a 2 gig mini sd card which did not come with this package. other then that this is by far worth the money and is a great buy for Christmas!!

My expierence with buying this product was wonderful. I waited with anticipation for the phone and it came a day early! It was my first buy on amazon and I was completly happy. Thank you so much Andrew!

The cellphone  is badly treated and lined with broken lid.  Why you had sold an old product that not using chip? For 49.95.  After that I have to add the additional $ 17.00 for a product to remove unusable. that is so old it does not use separate chip and can only be used in the United States. this without unlocking. Just wanted a phone that I could serve to save x the phone I really want and I have had this loss unreliable seller. Please do not rely on the seller or their products. Idid not recommed this product to anyone.

Phone looks like it is new but it want stay turned on.  I would turn it on and it would reset several times then turn off. The battery that came with the phone was dead and wouldnt charge luckly I allready had a good battery.  I work with my phone alot i have to call vendors for my job so I need a phone I can trust and thats one phone I cant trust!!

hola tengo una pregunta.. yo me encuentro en miami y quisiera saber cuantos dias se tardaria para que llegue a flamingo express que es donde busco mi mercancia. podria ser antes del lunes?

Difficult to find correct spot for earpiece.  A little too small.  Easy to butt dial.  Like the clarity of screen and number of apps available.

is a model curve 8530, sprint cdma, no unlocked, no is international, but is model is apractice, facilitates the insertion of words

Can I use another network like t-mobile with it. I think it's a good mobile but I wish I can use it with another network

By now every carrier has this phone, whether prepaid or postpaid. I feel it is a great phone to start off from if you are someone who's using a Samsung Rant or say a Palm Centro or even if you're using the same phone on Verizon's network, this is a good model to switch to. If you however are an advanced user and would like to make full use of the Blackberry scope and what Sprint offers you, I would advise you look more towards the 4G Androids or the Bold.A lot of people who have the blackberry 83XX series went and got this phone but realized it wasn't a major upgrade aside from being the first model of Blackberry to support the trackpad. This phone has been a hit worldwide making RIM a household name or should I say making the "BLACKBERRY" ...The phone is plastic, has an average 2 megapixel camera with no flash, has 256 of ram and a slow processor.There is a limit to the number of applications you can store on a 256mb blackberry, say if you have a 111 mb left, you will still find the phone slightly buggy. The keyboard is a downgrade from the original curve and I felt the call answer and the call end button were a little too stuck the flat body. Also I find that the indicator light is not as good as the one on the Sprint Bold or the Tour or even the curve.Let me give you an example of where this blackberry will fail you.If you are using the facebook application and want to use the google map application while listening to Pandora, don't even think about it. If the facebook application is constantly running in the background, the phone is a lot slower. The brightness is good, the wallpapers look good, the phone is light, this was also the first Sprint Blackberry to have Wi-Fi which is good because even though this is not a GSM enabled device, you can use the wifi to talk on the BBM if you wish. On the top of the phone you have music playback buttons which noone in the world uses. Sprint's 3G and browsing is fast but the browser on the new operating system is lacking.The 9630/9650/8330 are all better phones than this "entry level blackberry" but if you're someone who's using a Palm Treo/Palm Pre/Blackberry 83XX - I suggest you look for the Blackberry Bold or the Samsung Epic/ HTC Evo.I do not miss the camera flash on this phone because the original Blackberry flash can make a pretty girl look like a witch with teary pixels. I wish this phone had better ram, a better keyboard and a slightly less plastic feel. The answer for people looking for a better phone could be the Bold 9650. Besides other features the 9650 is a universal phone so it's unlocked and has a SIM CARD slot which the 8530 is lacking.Some good things about this phone would be that it's the perfect entry level blackberry. The size is just right. The phone ships with headphones, usb cable, a nice manual and a cd to install the back up software which I deem is VERY IMPORTANT. RIM made a great phone for the list price of $350.00 so one cannot complain but if you have a data plan with Sprint (WHO DOESN'T?) I am sure you will like the Blackberry Bold slightly more. I'm sure I can make this phone work for me but to an oblivious user who doesn't even understand the word WIFI, this phone can be an uphill climb. It comes with a 2gb card, the call quality is great, volume is good, music playback is loud, PANDORA works great.In conclusion, this phone was a hit that didn't stay hit unlike the first curve which people still stand by despite the fact that it has the dreaded trackball which goes bad. The Blackberry Curve 3G has been launched recently with Sprint (Model for new curve is 9330) I believe it is the same phone with a better processor and more RAM. Try that instead.By the way, Sprint offers the 8530 in three colours. RED/PURPLE/BLACK. I think all colours look fascinating.
