
This is an amazing moblie phone. Bought it from Amazon and happy now! Saved a lot of money. Thank you, people of Amazon!

I am very pleased with both the service from Amazon as for the product received.

Me gusta mucho este telef&oacute;no, es muy vers&aacute;til. Confio en Amazon, ya esta adquisici&oacute;n es una de michas que he comprado, excelente!

This phone is an okay phone, but the internet connection sometimes is unbearable because it gets lost and freeze the phone./.

This one is my first touch phone. I work with different smartphones everyday and i decided to get the X6 for several reasons, but mainly cause the convenient price/features.Let me tell you the most relevant after a month of use:The good side:The cost is around $300 10/2010(except some promos).Nokia Maps is perfect for me. Fast, accurate, with voice navigation and free worldwide.The capacitive screen works great.A decent 5MP cam with flash.16GB internal.The box accessories (car holder,etc.)The bad side:Symbian. This software is old and not cause my version (i have the last available) the soft design and conception is like 2 years old if we compare with another players (android,iOS..). I found SPB Shell in the Ovi Store that make really better my relation with this phone. Without it, i would be hating it.Another oldie, is the music player. It's awful and not friendly.And you won't have an udpate to a new Symbian 3 version (like the N8 got) It's not the Nokia style.But like i said, you'll have a nice feature phone with an old software (SPB thanks for the help!). Nice size (not big as a 4" screen), good battery life (of course 3g/wifi/music can kill it in a day) and a lot of internal space.I had in my hands the N8 too, with Symbian 3. Forget it, nothing relevant. Of course it's better than this X6 but i'wont pay $550 (10/2010) for it even crazy. If you have that money for a smartphone, check Android/iOS devices. Maybe Meego on the N9 run better but we have to wait.

Wow! This is a wonderful gadget. I had a Nokia 5800 NE and I decided to upgrade. I'm really satisfied with this purchase. The camera is good, the call quality is outstanding. Touch screen is much better than 5800 and 5330. It's really amazing! 16 GB internal memory... Uffff. The only con I see is that it feels too plastic and cheap. But, features rock!

Did not like this at at the phone is small and looks very very outdated it can with a charger that cant go in the wall. I really was an unsatisfied customer.

this cell phone is a shame, I am so angry because it arrived damaged, the camera does not work the speakers sometimes stop playing. I'm really disappointed with amazon for selling bad quality products will never again buy something because i am going to be afraid to come defective

After two weeks the phone would not turn on! I called Nokia & they told me to return it. I was most disapointed.

Compre este tel&eacute;fono consciente de lo bueno y lo malo del producto y considerando que se adapta a mis necesidades por ello, las limitaciones del aparato no son sorpresa para m&iacute;.Pero mi molestia radica en que no es nuevo, esta usado! page por algo nuevo y obtengo esto?... creo que es una falta de seriedad de parte del vendedor, no lo recomiendo para nada.(Buy this phone aware of the good and bad of the product and considering that it suits my needs for it, the limitations of the device are no surprise to me.But my trouble is that not new, this used! page for something new and I get this? ... I think it's a lack of seriousness on the part of the seller, not recommended at all.)

great phone, easy to use, audio quality is terrific, lots of memory, great camera, nice features and tons of other qualities...

Despues de seis meses de uso, es el mejor momento para hacer un review. El Nokia X6 luce fuerte, solido y lo es. La pantalla tactil es sensible a las ordenes pero resistente a maltratos. El procesador pudiera ser mas rapido, pero por el precio creo que es lo mejor que se puede obtener. El telefono tiene buena cobertura, buen auricular y buen microfono. El sonido es mejor que standard y la camara hace un buen trabajo. Tiene un excelente flash!!! El GPS y Ovi Maps son lo mejor de lo mejor. No hay ninguna prestacion que se compare con lo util y eficiente que son. Si la tecnologia no avanzara tan rapidamente, lo compraria de nuevo.

the item arrived on time and it was a brand new phone like described. i love the phone it has awesome features and capabilities.

When it came time to renew my cell phone contract, I did of course look at the iPhone. But there are two reasons why I didn't want it (1) everyone has one, and more importantly (2) it doesn't really fit in your pocket and is quite heavy. I did some research and found this phone, the X6: perfect size, large screen, easy to use. I highly recommend it!

good phone, the camera offers excellent resolution and the menu command seems to me the typical nokia. the mapping system is very good and have had no problem whatsoever with the 3G connection or Wi-Fi.

nice phone for a nice price.good camera and the fact that is uncloked you can use it everywere  in the world.a little bit bulky but still is a nice phone.nice battery life also, goes down when you are using the phone wi-fi or hard applications which is normal.overall a good value for your money, aldo it's not an android or a iphone if you travel a lot this is 1 of the phones to use.

If u're thinking on buying this phone..read on. This phone freezes all the time. Everyday i have to restart or reset it like 7 or 6 times. The only reason i give it 2 stars is because of its awesome music player and camera. if u're a music lover and like richness in music...then consider getting this phone at a considerable lower value because u will have many other problems to deal with. User interface is...1/10 as compare to other andriod and apple phones.

Although this phone is spectacular!!!!!! I Want to know if the phone sais "Unlocked" is that if I put a sim card it automaticly changes to the sim card type?

Its a well made phone with interesting applications and very useful. No issues until this moment... Good choice for a smartphone

It is a very nice phone, best touch nokia released so far. Has everything someone might ask for, GPS and Wifi and all those stuff. Very easy to use. Couldnt find soemthing bad about it so far. Very nice phone, and i dont think i would change it till it stops working.

Compre de Amazon Werehose hasta ahora ya 2 celulares Nokia x6 usados en condicion como nuevo, y realmente estoy 100% conforme con el producto no se puede percibir por ningun lado en ninguno de los 2 telefonos que es usado, no tiene nisiquiera una sola rayita, esta realmente nuevo con todos sus accesorios que todavia no fueron sacados de su envoltorio.  Estoy super conforme con la compra y recomiendo comprar de Amazon Werehouse, son sinceros en cuanto a la condicion del celular usado.. Gracias..Nokia X6 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera, Capacitive Touch, GPS with Voice Navigation, Car Holder, 3G and 16 GB Memory (Black Cap)

I was using a Nokia E71 and decided to upgrade to a touch screen with full multi-media capabilites. I couldn't be happier with my purchase.UNBOXING: My phone came with Nokia's Car Kit which was a nice surprise. The phone bracket can be placed on the dash for using the GPS when flying down the highway. A car charger AND home charger are included along with some fancy headphones. The only accessory I needed to add was a case. Otter Box makes a great case for the X6.SET-UP: Wonderfully easy to set-up. I inserted my SIM card and plugged in the charger then off to the races. Initial set-up is quick, easy, and intuitive. Within minutes my contacts, email, 3G, and internet were running fluidly.TOUCH SCREEN: It takes a bit to get used to the screen, especially coming from a tactile keyboard on my old E71. Some actions require a double-tap while others are single taps. There is a slight color change on the buttons letting you know that a second tap is needed. If your impatient and keep hitting the buttons the X6 will lock-up. Patience, young grasshopper, patience.CALLS: No dropped calls so far with good sound clarity. The screen automatically disables itself so your cheek won't activate anything. Voice dialing is a breeze to set-up.INTERNET: Initally the X6 was somewhat slow using the built in web browser, but then I downloaded the Opera browser. Whoa Nelly! The Opera browser flies along with proper 3G speeds. Web pages can be zoomed in/out if that site is not mobile ready.MUSIC/VIDEO: The X6 has 16gb memory on board. More than enough for my music and videos. The sound is somewhat "tinny" when played through the speakers but the included headset makes up for it. Videos play without any chop and the screen resolution is wonderful.A-GPS: You will need a data plan to use the GPS. The GPS only took one minute for initial set-up and locking. The OVI Maps are okay, but installing Google Maps allows you to sync with Google and keep all your starred favorites. The Ovi Maps didn't show my street, but Google did.BLUETOOTH: My Plantronics Voyager Pro paired to the X6 within seconds. No connection issues.WIFI: Again, the Wifi worked immediately. I tested the Wifi at Borders, Starbucks, McDonalds, and the local park. No issues with scanning.CAMERA: 5mp is decent for a cellphone and the X6 doesn't slouch one bit. The Carl Zeiss lens helps, but you'll still need decent lighting. The video is adequate but nowhere near HD quality.IMPRESSION: Excellent value for the money, especially since the X6 is unlocked. No issues surfing the web, listening to music, taking pictures or watching videos. The X6 does everything it's supposed to plus more.

Very nice phone Fast working on Garmin Xt navigation . somany more things that very useful .very sharp pics .

This is my preferred brand when it comes to cell phones, therefore I will only compare this model to my 3 previous Nokia cell phones. The major strength of Nokia is to create a user friendly interface; everything is easy to use and easy to access. The graphic resolution is great, sound is crystal clear and the camera has an off the chart resolution, and touch screen is very sensitive; it can take some time to get used to. A detail to keep in mind when taking pictures is that the flash is really bright, so if there's a reflective surface like a metal, the camera will capture a white dot, this is a minor annoyance. The biggest drawback I noticed is that even without using a Bluetooth headset, the battery drains too fast, so you have to keep it charging more than with older models.

pone is very slow,has a problem with bluetooth,tried to contact technical support ,never got back to me about the technical issues that i experienced with the phone,poor product and poor service

Had the phone for just a few days.  User manual needs improvement, but phone is great.  Just put SIM card in, install ovi suite on your pc, connect phone to your pc and download ovi software update, maps, apps and games.  Good value, at a price of $240 from Amazon.Saw some reviews saying the X6 is slow.  Didn't have this problem.  I didn't use the disc that came in the box.  Make sure you use ovi suite to get the latest software update instead.  I struggled with this purchase against an android or iphone, but so far very happy with this choice.  Yes Sambian is old and this is not the latest and greatest smartphone.  But then you can't get free map updates worldwide wherever you go, and integrated GPS navigation on an android or iphone.  The GPS on android and iphones require network service, so you'll be out of luck if you're at a place without cell signal - probably when you most desparately need GPS guidance.  On the Nokia X6, you can use the GPS guidance in offline mode, and you won't be paying a fat data bill if you use it for a long road trip.  I have a Nuvi which we like, but this saves me from buying another Nuvi just to get fresh maps.  That being said, I haven't tried the GPS extensively, so it'll be interesting to see how this stacks up on our next road trip.Wifi works well and is fast, though it took a bit of fiddling to stop the phone from using 3G even after my home wifi connection is saved.  Problem solved after I discovered the wifi network scan was set to off by default.  Make sure you set the wifi scan to on, and make sure internet connection priority is set to your wifi network instead of your carrier's 3g network - unless you want to pay for your carrier for data.

What I was looking for in a phone:1. Reasonably priced (around $200).2. Standalone GPS.3. Touch Screen (Capacitive).4. Decent Camera for occasional use.5. Wi-Fi capability.6. Decent Audio Player, Flash Player & Real Player.7. Unlocked.How I use my phone:1. Prepaid plan (will switch when $20/mth for atleast 300 minutes).2. No Data Plan.3. First time smartphone buyer.4. Badly needed an audio/flash/real player.5. Have owned a Symbian phone in the past (Nokia 7610).6. Needed a small to medium sized phone.What I got for $240:1. Slightly more in my price range. My first bet was Nokia E72 however got a Capacitive touch screen for extra $35.2. Got everything I bargained for and more.3. Amazing touch screen!4. Slightly slow when accessing the audio folder but hardly noticeable. Almost feels like your computer accessing a folder loaded with files.5. Software's a little complex. Not easy for people who aren't tech savvy. Everything you need is there in the folders; needs a little playing around with and clicking on every little icon to discover what it does.6. Videos are indeed letter boxed but the width of the phone feels just right in the hand.7. Nice noise isolating headphones with audio and phone controls.8. Came with a car charger, Car kit for GPS use & lifetime World Maps update, I don't know if i'll ever use it thu.9. Thru ovi sync, I was able to backup my contacts online but sadly no contacts import feature from other brands, Excel etc. Had to Bluetooth 'all contacts' to the phone as messages, then one-by-one transfer them to contacts through an option in the menu (took 2.5 hrs for 200 contacts).10. Less than a foot long usb connection cable. I think its precisely meant for laptops.11. User Manual looks more like a list of prominent features.12. You can't navigate to an address in your contacts. Strange thing! might have comein very handy.Result:For this price I think I have gotten a bargain. I know after a few days I won't be using 90% of the features of my new phone anyway. I'm once again a happy Nokia user after sticking with my Samsung for a good 5 years.

I always prefer Motorola or I phone over any phones, I recently decided to try a Nokia because of the OVI map because I decide to travel and most other phone's rely on service.  I must say, after I received the phone and start using it, I found the quality of the recording video clearer than the I phone, wifi connectivity is great, the  phone took a little getting use to but as soon as you figure it all out. Its very simple and get the job done and it make writing proper letter's as written on a pc with less time.I love Radio so I was a little disappointed that I always have to put in the head set jack to receive signals and the fact that colour is white. I saw many argue about construction whether from China or not, it is well put together and yes the space between the plastic and the screen is a little bit open for dust, but yet the phone is small and doesn't look bulky when putting it in your pants to lime with the ladies or look like a video game. The built is a little classy. I think any one that is looking a for a phone for music taking photo's and always on the go then this phone is great. The battery life is long when only using it to talk mostly but playing games or using the GPS drains the battery quickly. I think for the price it is fair to say it's enough.

it is very slow on startup and on most of the things you do on it, plus the touch screen stinks.

just wanted a simple touch screen phone.  I haven't been able to get it on us , only crazy foreign countries. It is too confusing and too complicated

Each phone does its own job and this one does a good job on music even with no head phones attached. Now onto my P&C;'sPROSphone sizespeakers on this phone are awesome (for a phone)displayNokia Computer Software (can even import itunes music)decent cameratetheringnokia head phonesCONStouch screen is laggyall plastic feels cheaply madecertain software hard to use or unusableFor some reason certain features that I have used on other symbian nokia phones just dont seem to work properly on this handset. If your seeking this phone for business go elsewhere, but if your just looking for entertainment this is a great phone.

Bought this nokia for $240 because of the GPS (working good even without data and signal - offline mode).For this Nokia X6 I have otterbox case. Phone is made from cheap plastic, is slow(internet) even with 3G but I'm using this phone for callig ,txting, GPS ,flashlight and is good for me. $200 and less will be fair price for 2009 Nokia X6.  I'm looking forward if Nokia Lumina 800 Windows Phone7 is goig to make new era for both company or if this will be just another piece of expensive below average phone ($535 on Amazon).

Don't buy this phone.. It's not good. They talking about the car holder but they didn't give it to you.

I like Nokia phones for good build quality and easy to use factors. My last one was Nokia E51, great phone, excellent build quality, made in Finland.I bought Nokia X6 to upgrade my two years old E51, but unfortunately my expectations was not approved.All aspects of this phone was great except the build quality and materials they used. Phone made in China.Sorry Nokia, but I return it and bought Nexus One, which is great in and out. Now I am feel like I switch from windows 95 to windows 7.

The phone looks exactly like in the pictures, it is a standard candy bar phone by nokia with a screen that looks just average when compared to anything else that is out there. It is not as big or nice as the iPhone, and the screen looks below average when compared to the latest Evo.The worst thing about this phone is the OS, it uses the dated Symbian OS. It is slow, and has a very ugly interface. Also, there are not as many applications available as there are in Android or in the App Store.On the plus side, the phone has very good reception. I usually have better signal than my peers, even if we are on the same network and we are next to each other.Another bright point on the cell phone is the GPS Navigation App, I wouldn't say it is better than others, but it is free and it does not consume any data from you carrier. It is a very good GPS for your car and you do not need to pay any extras for it.So basically, if you have the money for an iPhone, get it, it is a much better cell phone. If you can get a good Android phone at the same price, I would prefer the Android phone, you have access to more apps and the interface is better and more responsive. I believe around or below the 200 price tag this cell is a good deal.

Started acting up after few months and would crash  every now and then. You have to take the batteries out and and put it back to restart it.

I receive it without conventional power adapter and the battery inside the phone and downloaded. The rest is good.Small but fast

once again,nokia is making a US version that doesnt work with T Mobile 3g 1700.

A short remark about X6's GPS:Unlike Nokia 5800 (which I had before), X6 one requires data plan to operate GPS (it has only A-GPS receiver). This is what Nokia's customer service told me; the product description does not mention this. Since I have a prepaid SIM card (without G3), GPS does not work on X6 for me :-(

The Nokia X6 is a very good phone all around. The call quality is superb, so it accomplishes its primary goal very well. feature-wise it has almost anything you would want from a phone (music, video, radio, GPS,...) all accessible from an excelent capacitive touch screen. It comes with a 3.5mm jack, meaning you can use your own headphones even though the included headphones are not bad and have imbeded controls. Definitely one of the best Nokia phones this side of the E series (E71/72).THE GOOD:=========- The 5MP camera takes good quality pictures for a phone (yes,this is not a dedicated 5MP digital camera).- The capacitive touch screen is very accurate and has the right sensitivity to provide an adequate resonse (although sometimes a bit delayed).- Great at organizing and playing both music and radio.- 16GB of provided storage. No expandable card storage but 16GB is enouh for my purposes.- Unlike other phones (Nokia included), comes with many languages pre-installed out of the box(Portuguese included).THE NO SO GOOD:===============- Having to single-tap to select items in some menus and having to double-tap for the same purpose in others is annoying at first. With time however you do get used to it.- Plastic build materials make it so the X6 does not feel as as sturdy and durable as other phones. I keep all my phones inside a silicone protective case all the time so this is not an issue.- Switching between portrait and landscape modes takes time in some occasions, but I have not experienced extreme slowness as reported by some other reviewers.- Cannot open pdf files (out of the box at least). This I found quite unexcusable.

the phone is kind of good and all application are well designed; however, every time I connect to wifi I get the message "invalid server name" so I have really hard time to connect to the internet. if there is any one have a solution to this please help me!the calls are really clear and good, no drop call at all. the camera is really nice and clear. the touchscreen is very responsive. the cool thing that I like is there is dictionary application. It's awesome which I really need it for school and no need to connect to the internet to work with it. the map is kind of confusing to work with it and I wasn't able to turn on the voice navigator. so I don't know how is that work. anyhow, overall it is good phone except the wifi problem!!!!

5MP camera, 16GB, car holder for that price... Wow, that's a great deal, the software is great and this Nokia hardware.Don't think it too much, just buy this product.

I am able to get on wifi really easily but WARNING make sure you put your phone in offline mode before you do because your carrier maydecide to charge you as though you are using your phone like a modem.  This happened to me and I learned the hard way.  Also put it inoffline mode when you connect to your computer via USB or the same thing will happen.  My carrier to ATT.  Also Do not change from pay as you go to the new plan on ATT because they misinform you about the difference in charges for text messages and data.Aside from those things I think this is a great phone and those things are not the phones fault.  Also, beware that assisted navigation will incur charges from your carrier.  But the free maps and info are great and there are a great many free apps as well.Response time on the internet seems great and the phone is easy to use with the touch screen.  Nokia's answer to the Iphone at 1/3rd the price and unlocked so you can change carriers or put a U.K. simcard in it if you a traveling to the U.K. for instance or anywhere else worldwide.  All you have to do is buy a cheap sim card with a bit of minutes and you are set to go.

The phone is everything I expected it to be! The features are great and the touchscreen is remarkable! The only slight annoyance I have is that the phone locks even when in the music player mode unlike other Nokia phones. Overall, I highly recommend it.

What an incredible phone this one came out to be! It's been 3 years by now since I bought it, and it certainly one of my most durable, resistant and trustable devices ever. Wish Nokia had a newer, updated version of this very same build, but sadly to see X series was discontinued. Will give a chance once again to Nokia, hopefully will not regret it at all.

IF you are planning on using the X6 for native sip/voip calls consider googling first to see the latest status on this. As of 11/6/2010 unlike numerous other Nokia phone generations with WIFI the X6 does not have native sip stack and voip client integrated into the contacts and therefore has very limited use. There may be third party workarounds but why bother when there are plenty of other Nokias that work seamlessly.

ya we know the symbain system is old, the hardware is outdated. But this phone does its job! mass storage, good sound quality, good call quality, nice camera. It has almost every upgrade needed from 5800, not to mention the new and better screen. Also, the price is reasonable and you are still contract free! This phone will work several years for sure.

It is an amazing all in one mobile.  But my worry is the size of its memory.I love it. I recomended to all.

It looks just like a toy.Is so lighweight and i cannot connect with WIFI. Dont want to recomend it to anyone else!

the phone is bieng used in the Phillipnes  with outstanding sucess  may have to buy another

Hello people, want i know if this Phone have available the spanish lenguage in his factory features?, thanks for all, bye.

I bought this product in January and it's April and the phone is dead and the warranty Amazon offers is useless. Save your money and go into a store and get a better phone with better warranty. That's my advice, even if you like this particular phone, do not buy it from Amazon. The warranty sucks and you cannot be certain if the phone is new or refurbished. The first phone they sent me was not working. I had to send it back. They sent me another one which is dead in 4 months. And their warranty is only for 30 days.

Nokia x6 unlocked gsm phone was not compatible with att as it says. Returned, not received credit yet. Also was locked to an international Telcel network.  Also could not get the phone to take any English language. No United States to select.  Tried UK, Canada and Australia and would not accept change.

yes it is a nice phone after N900. I like nokia brand because they make only cell phones. Nokia is a European Company and the phones are work with 3G network in Europe but in the US only AT&T; 3G network works with Nokia Phones but T-Mobile and Verizon Only EDGE. only that part sucks. However it doesn't work with  3G network, it is a nice phone and not so expensive.If you want more information about cell phone please visit my blog &lt;a href="[...]">The Cell Phone Guy&lt;/a>

Nokia X6 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera, Capacitive Touch, GPS with Voice Navigation, Car Holder, 3G and 16 GB Memory (Black Cap)The Nokia X6 is a great phone at a great price. I like having unlocked phones so I can use them out of the country when traveling with another sim card. This phone has all the features of the ever popular iphone without the price, contract, or being locked in to AT&T.; It has 16gig of storage capacity, so you don't have to add the sd card. However, transferring items from previous memory cards can be frustrating. The Symbian OS is a little plain and different from Windows OS and Android OS, but it is a phone for goodness sake. If you want a powerful computer the size of a telephone, then enter into a contract with AT&T;, Verizon or some other company, pay the mega bucks and endure the pain.I will continue to purchase Nokia phones because they are tough and durable.

Very good phone for that price...and unlocked... almost the same as IPhone, i use Nokia for last 10 years and i don't plan to change it...

I had a nokia 5800 and the last week I bought a new nokia X6, it is nice and a great cellphone the best is the free ovi maps for ever and the cart kit that let me drive without complications.The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)"

i got this nokia from Tailwind International, last week en almost $300 now the price is less than a half, why? because its a garbage, my phone box was opened, the battery was dead, the charger doesnt work and the usb neither. I asked for help to amazon and the unpolite boy told me i have a week to return the phone, come on i live in costa rica, i payed taxes, shipping fees and now i have to spend another $100 to return it. common sense better sell my soul and get an iphone plan in my country, NOKIA sucks and the seller already know it :(

purchsed this phone for a friend lives in China.  She said it was very easy to convert all to Chinese but it won't let her download any apps that she needs.  Apps like Weibo, Weixin...

This did not come with the car mount. It is leftover stock from a Mexican carrier, which meant that I could not update it to the last version of Symbian.Removable battery is a big plus. Offline navigation is excellent.

as great as the phone is, if you own a honda/acura, BMW (and some subaru), please note that the Symbian OS version 9.4 MAY NOT work with your blue tooth system. it will pair, but you won't be able to place calls unless you dial the number on the phone, then transfer to blue tooth hand free system.the only Nokia that work with my vehicle is N900. so make sure to check it out before placing order.hmm, also, this phone may not play Pandora (as for now).

I'm gonna start my review telling you I bought this phone 2 months ago, so I have experienced most of the features the phone has on it, and also have unfortunately had the consequences of a couple of 1mt downfalls and other common issues of a 2 month phone. I'm going directly with the Pros and the Cons:PROS:- The capacitive touchscreen is simply fantastic. The response to any little contact is stunning, but at the same time, by being capacitive it prevents the virtual buttons to be accidentally activated. (Try using your nails, a pen or something different than a finger and you won't get any result)- The camera is pretty good, 5MP, Carl Zeiss lens and double led flash allows you to take very good pictures even at night!- The accelerometer, though it's too sensitive for me some times, works great and allows you for example to switch quickly between alphanumeric keyboard with predictive text to qwerty keyboard when sending sms or writing something on the internet (One of my favorite features by the way)- Very good and free GPS from Nokia (Ok it's not Garmin but works very well)- Internet browsing is nice, can open the webpages in full mode and not mobile modes. You can also set it to ask you what connection you wanna use (Wifi or your service provider), which is good for me cause I'm always looking for free conecctions to save some money!- Great sound, even listening to the radio.- Almost all features work in portrait and landscape mode (one exception is the phone call screen)- Tons of apps can be downloaded, you can find almost everything you want.- So much other Pros...good bluetooth, adequate size and shape, 16GB of internal memory, etc., etc., etc.CONS- The material of the case is plastic, looks a very nice opaque black, but it feels too fragile in the hands (and it effectivly is, a 30cm downfall and it left a huge scratch in one of the corners)- The Symbian operating system works good, but sometimes is a little slow and it shows some limitations when using few programs at the same time (but I have to point that is sooooo much better than any blackberry device or even the Iphone, it just doesn't make it as good as the Nokia N900)- The lock screen button is located in one side of the phone, is some kind of switch that you have to move down to lock or unlock. It makes you use a different finger than your thumb to move it, which can be bothering when you're typing (though after 2 months you get used to it). I'd prefer a slide unlock as in the iPhone (you can download an app to do that).- The contact bar (where you can put the pictures of your favorite contacts in the homescreen) doesn't respond to the touching as good as the rest of the screen. It lasts a lot to load and makes the start up longer, which can be very bothering. Fortunately you can deactivate it.- For some actions you only have to press the buttons once, but other options need you to press the buttons twice. There's no logical sequence to learn when to press once or twice, you simply have to remember it (you also get used to it after two months)That's what I remember now...but in general, it's a great phone, high usability, it's a stunning experience, I highly recommend itHope this helps

nice signal, work right out of the box and come whit a lot of accesories, this is the competition for the vivaz hd the diference is the processor is 523mhz or somthing like that and dont have 3d hardware, any 3d sun in software so it can be slow sometimes, but even the symbian is s90 5th , im from costa rica so if you are from here this one do beware if you dont have a 3g line dont buy this to go asking for one

very good phone. my husband likes it very much. I would recommend it for every one as a good phone

Desde hace muchos a&ntilde;os uso los telefonos  nokia, y es que nokia siempre se ha 'reocupado por hacer las cosas sencillas para los usuarios, asi por ejemplo vemos que para enviar algo via bluetoth solo seleccionas y ya no tienes que estar emparejando equipos o lo que sea. estoy muy contento con la nueva version X6 considero q ue es todo lo del n95 8gb que tengo actualmente pero con las mejoras en memoria, lapantalla touch y el acceso 3g. puedo decir que es definitivamente maravilloso ah y ahora voy por el N8.........

The positives;1) Looks dont disappoint2) Excellent call quality - no dropped calls in 30 days of use.3) Ovi Maps - After you download the most recent maps upgrade, the search function is much improved.  The maps are crisp and the voice direction is with street names.  This totally blows away traditional GPS as you can look up online content in the maps application to get the most recent.  Free maps for life with traffic!4) Customization - you can set mailboxes, when they sync and what should phone allow to go online versus not.  You can set very specific connectivity settings, if you want to minimize data.  You can also pretty much customize the home screen a couple of different ways, though short cuts are limited to four.  There are also nice themes available to cosmetically enhance the looks of the phone.5) Browser - the native nokia browser is OK.  Loads up quick and displays pages quite nicely.6) Ability to see open apps and shut them down from the menu screen. The battery definitely lasts much longer if you know what you are running.  The ability to multitask and switch between applications is really great, except you bump up against the phone's hardware limits with little warning (memory full message, application shut downs).  However I haven't found that to be too much trouble.The negatives;1) Weird plastic construction.  Its hard to pop the battery cover in place properly, usually requiring a lot of squeezing and manuvering.  The usb port cover does not set in flush with the top and seems raised.  if you were to hold the phone tightly, you can hear the phone body squeeze against itself, like you were holding two cheap pieces of plastic together.2) Accelerometer - the phone cant make up its mind as to which orientation it should be in?  very annoying if you are trying to just browser the net while slouching on a couch or just have the phone lay flat on the table.  You can turn it off, but thats just means you are stuck with the T9 keyboard, plus having to hold it.3) No angry birds.  Seems like S60 5th edition is a dead or dying platform.  Not confident that it will get much attention from the good folks at nokia beta labs either.4) Annoying to tap to see it go nowhere even when the item you tapped is highlighted.  what were they thinking?  User interface in general does not appear to be well thought.  Also, what is with all the tapping needed to get to a keyboard?  You have to tap the page, then the text box for data entry.  Its very annoying.5) It claims to have a 3.2 inch screen.  While it may be technically true, its nowhere as big as the old iphone 3G because its much thinner.  You will feel disappointed if you thought you were getting the same size as an iphone.Overall - Good practical phone and GPS.  Not a high-end device.

it is a good quality phone. touchscreen is very nice. i recommend to you. sometimes the screen frezes because of too much applications are working.

The midia to install the OVI Suite in the PC didn`t intall. I needed use the Nokia web site. The autonomy Battery isn`t very good. But all over is good

If you have a Nokia 5800 or similar you should not consider upgrade to X6.The only upgrade from previous model is square corners with 5MP camera,capacitive screen and more storage and all for extra $350. Also, it is built very cheap(a lot of space around the screen to collect dust,low quality plastic for back cover,lower three buttons is one button not touch buttons).In rest same old.Good phone but could of been better considering that is not the first upgrade in its class.I was disappointed.Let's wait for the next smart upgrade!

The X6 is a smart elegant touch screen phone. I don't really like the camera as much as on the Nokia N82-really nice pics and nice flash. Other than that it holds it's own - haven't has any serious issues. Sometimes it does go on 'hold' on it's own even though the phone call/talk is still on. But I am not a serious app user so haven't loaded the phone up.

Very happy with this product. Good quality, sound good, calls dont drop. Good for someone who wants a stylish touch screen phone for making calls only.I do not have data plan so cant comment on that aspect.Only problem is that at times the calls drop when the phone is out to ear due to the touchscreen not getting disabled quickly. Also i had problem with the handsfree initially but restarting the phone everything worked fine.Overall I am happy with this purchase for the price I got it in (Black Friday deal)

Maybe there are better phones out there, but this phone delivers whats its expected from a $250 phone.PROSdecent cam, excellent call and music quality sound, AWESOME capacitive touchscreen..way better than resistive touchscreens for sure. Web browsing is average/good with opera mobile and reception is good as well.CONSGets laggy from time to time, nothing you need to worry aboutSymbian OS is..."outdated" compared to new Android phonesQwerty on-screen keyboard is hard to use there is not much space for fingers so you constantly type the wrong letterBOTTOM LINEGOOD PHONE FOR $250 :)

Bought it on May 2010 and the display went Kaput in Jan 2011. What more can I say abt this phone. Froze at least 5 times in the past 6 mths. Battery time is worst than my simple Nokia phone which I bought from T Mobile for $20.DOnt know the warranty status....so will have to talk to some one from Nokia....Wish me Luk.

I upgraded from a Sony Ericsson C905 and W800 and very satisfied with the phone.I find the UI on C905 is more easier for myself to navigate but SE OS is slow when running multiple applications. It takes time to accustom to the change in UI and to find where is connectivity, email and so on. I have been SE fan for 2 years. C905 screen has failed (turn off itself) after 1 year of usage and wireless is not working. No more Sony Ericsson and Sony proprietary media and charger and headphone connector.This phone, X6, has all the bells and whistles of a 5800, and N79, N95.I am with AT&T; and running on 3.5G. Web browsing is fast using both Wifi and 3.5G. Email, skype, and eBuddy are working flawlessly and very good on both wifi and 3.5G. The capacitive touchscreen is very accurate. The Contacts layout on the home screen is hugely useful and makes calling easier than ever. The 5MP camera with Carl Zeiss lens takes pictures as good as the 8MP C905. Able to switch to landscape mode easily and very fast after the firmware update within 1 sec.Make sure you download/update Ovi Map. I use it as an alternative when you are lost, traveling when without my Garmin GPS. It is pretty accurate. You could use the Lonely Planet features to find restaurant, entertainment and so on.Nokia's phone is made in China, not in Finland or Hungary.Cons: No xenon flash. Cannot use LED Flash as a flashlight -- can be useful during camping or blackout. It does not come with Bluetooth headset like the 32GB version. No expandable card storage. Please add SDHC on the phone for additional storage. The USB data comes with the phone is short -- 3 inches long. Wish the cable is longer.

Just bought from Amazon, and this phone made in china, but its genuine nokia. I just returned bcuz the paint on both corners on the back messed up.No wonder why its cheap.

This is for sure the best phone I ever owned. I switched from a Nokia 5800 to this X6 and there has been some obvious improvements. It runs a whole lot smoother and very stable. Thank You Nokia!

Phone looks amazing and for the most part works great. Sometimes it just shuts down in the middle of writing a text which is very inconvenient.

I am using this phone for two weeks. The GPS works very good even if you are not connected to the internet, but you have to have the maps saved at the phone.The only problem that it has is that when I disconect to a wireless internet it automatically turn of and turn on again. Dispite this problem I recomend.

I would say its a nice phone for good price. All i did was ordered in a hast as i was not sure when this was going to get released in INDIA, but to my bad luck it got released with in 15days i bought it from here.....But still i would say it is a good value for money as i could alot with this on........only thing is it takes some time when we try opening applications continuously this i guess would an issue with any phone..............apart from that i did not face any issues with any of the features of this phone...............Everythng is a value for money .......... with this phone..............

I like the durability of  batery and general funtion. Good phone I recomended. The operative system is nice, it have many funtions

Bought this phone for my mum. She made me pancakes. :DExcellent phone. I have nothing against the phone itself, but the price is a bit too much.I bought it for 279$ when no other Android phone was available for that much so it made sense. Now not so much. At 349$ its a tad to expensive and you can get much more capable phones for cheaper.Pros:-Excellent screen-Decent Sound-Battery life is awesome ~4 days with heavy usage-GPS maps are preloaded so offline turn by turn navigation is available without use of expensive data plans-Car mount and car charger are included-Class leading superb camera, Carl Zeiss optics once again show their might (the sole reason I bought this phone since my mother likes to snap pics of everything)Cons:- Currently way to expensive for features it offers- GPS takes a very long time to get a fix without A-GPS assist and even then if it loses signal then its time to pray. (This seemed to be the problem with only the piece I purchased, other X6's I've heard have no such problems)

very good buy responsible

At first i did like it alot.but it's so laggy, battery is bad. Not many app choices.i used it for a year, the screen was broken twice, now im getting a new phone.and I mean it is old. it was out early last year n how can it compete to the phones in the market now!SO.... Do not buy it!

There should be the option of NO COMMENT.I did not use this product. My comment should not become grounds for buying or not buying this product.The product might be fantastic but, it was not what I understood, when I read its description onlineMoreover, IF MY RECOLLECTION IS ACCURATE (and it may not be, since, this occurred five months, ago)the seller shipped it UNPACKED, with no accessories or battery.I have had several Nokia telephones in the past and they were excellent

Guys, go to Newegg and check out the price. It is $259.00, and driver's edition is $319.00. The items are brand new and come with a one-year Manufacturer's warranty.

I'd like to buy one of these phone for a friend, but i need to know if it has Spanish language set up???Thanks a lot

I upgraded from a Nokia N95 and couldn't be happier. Feature-wise, the two phones are almost the same, but the performance of the X6 is vastly improved. Sure it's not hard to beat an old phone, but this one leaves me wanting for nothing.Like all top-end Nokia phones, it has great built-in features: GPS, camera/video, music player, FM radio, wifi, 3g.Apps load very fast, and the native browser loads really quick too. Wifi reception is great, and the GPS locks on within seconds.The glass touchscreen is very accurate and easy to use; the display is beautiful. The haptic feedback is a little inconsistent or delayed, but it doesn't distract.Menu layout is improved too, and once you figure it out, everything is within a tap or two. The Contacts layout on the home screen is hugely useful.My one complaint is headphone volume is too loud or soft; the controls are not fine enough. That was true on the N95 too.

I have been using the Nokia X6 for a few months now and am overall pretty satisfied with it for the price i payed. i Needed just a basic smart phone with music, wifi and a decent camera and could care less about operating system or all the latest apps. I realize apple os and droid are the latest and most advanced and everyone's gotta have it but I didnt want to spend a small fortune on a high end, battery draining, data intensive phone when i dont have a data plan.I mostly use my phone as a phone, making calls, texting, and listening to a bunch of music. I have used pretty much every feature the phone has to offer as well and can def say it has its shortcomings. For calls, its awesome and sound quality is great the proximity sensor however does not always do a great job keeping the touch screen disabled when you have it up to your ear. This caused the onscreen speakerphone button to be accidentally pressed sometimes when your on a call which is not always good.Texting overall is okay but requires too many steps with all the tapping to get into the text entry field and then the separate window that it goes into where you actually create the message is pretty lame. The box they give you is just too small to see anything you have typed beyond a few words! The music player is fairly basic and takes a few seconds to start up. It does the job tho and the scrolling of hundreds of tracks is no problem. There is even an equalizer to adjust custom sound profiles which is nice. The two loudspeakers actually put out pretty good sound and are fairly loud playing music over them. Battery life is good (except for issue i experienced mentioned below) and will normally last two days between charges with average use.So far the 5.0 mega pixal camera is the best I have personally used on a phone so far so no complaints here. The auto focus & dual LED flash is def helpful for indoor and low light shots a overall picture quality is pretty good. Videos are only alright but nothing special. You can also do minor editing to pics and use the LED as a flashlight with the correct app.I used the GPS a few times and it seems to do the job fine and never had an issue getting directions and picked up my location quickly. The Ovi store is nothing that great at all compared to apple and droids and only has a handful of useful apps so i wont go there. The standard internet browser is quite crappy and freezes up sometimes plus it will straight shut down on you without warning if a page gets to complex to render. The phone lacks memory Its sad:(Opera mini is def better for this phone for sure! the phone's wifi reception while out of the house is not very good however and you have to be fairly close to the access point for a signal good enough to go online. (although it does work better when im at home using my own router)Now for some stuff that is just downright BAD about this phone: Mostly build quality>Battery cover- Its absolutely horrible and cheap! poor fit and requires lots of pushing inward to get the tiny clips to click into place and makes noises where it fastens in with the phone body. I hate it.-When you grip the phone with a relative firm grip it creaks all over and feels cheap (metal accent on one side of the screen is not even flush against it)- Phone lock slider on the side is a small, cheap plastic switch that actually rattles when you slightly shake the phone- UI is sluggish at times and double tapping to select stuff does get annoying, Occasional freezing- accelerometer screen rotation sensor sucks and cant ever decide which screen mode it wants to be in and glitches out sometimes. I got tired of it and just turned it off.- In the few months i have owned it the phone has somehow died at night when not in use. The battery was not even below half full, it was sitting off the charger and the next day the phone is off and wont turn on. I plug it in an apparently the battery was stone dead! Nothing had even been running on it (apps, wifi, gps, music) it just straight died. This happened twice on two separate occasions.So i guess if your looking into just a simple, unlocked touchscreen phone for calls and texting with music playback, limited web browsing (mostly mobile sights) GPS and staying organized than this phone is decent and should meet your needs. If you dont mind the above issues and are able to deal with that sort of thing. I myself may have to move on to something else later but can manage for now with what i got.If however you need the latest features, apps and OS with the best user experience shell out the money for it, Google and Apple will be happy to take it from ya!

I purchased the Nokia X6 to be primarily used as a phone and a music device, and it accomplishes it's mission very well.  The audio quality is very clear with the included earbud headphones (white colored stereo headset with mic), and the phone's call quality is as clear as any other Nokia I've owned so far.  It's simple to load music via drag-and-drop or via the Ovi Suite software on the PC. The capacitive touch screen is sensitive to light fingertip taps, but the processor seems a bit hesitant at times to respond, but nonetheless keeps things moving along adequately.  The X6 will not replace my Zune HD in terms of video playback and overall multimedia prowess, but it's good enough for times when I want to carry one device with me.  The autofocus 5 megapixel camera offers decent detail and nice colors for photos as long as you have a steady hand and allow the camera to focus properly before fully depressing the shutter button.  After unboxing the phone, I immediately downloaded the latest Ovi maps and was pleasantly surprised to find that it includes text-to-speech capabilities for the nav feature (not just general 'turn at the next right' commands, for example.)  I hope to try it out soon in a real-world navigation scenario soon.This is my first Nokia S60-Touch based device, and coming from the Nokia E51 and E71, I became comfortable with the OS menu structure fairly quickly.  For newcomers to S60, it might be a bit of a learning curve to find all the options and settings densely nested below the layers of menus. I was able to move all my contacts, calendar, notes, etc. from my E71 to the X6 all without using a PC by using the onboard Switch application, which automatically migrated all my user data via the Bluetooth connection.  It was an amazingly painless experience and a highly commendable feature. Compared to the E51 and E71, the X6's plastic, metal, and glass construction offers a solid, hefty feel in your hand, but the overall build quality is arguably lesser than an E-Series device.  Overall, the X6 is a fun, feature-rich S60 device with an interesting mix of capabilities; I hope to get as much mileage out of it as my previous Nokias.

The X6 is a great alternete for the iphone. To many it may be better. The camera is phoenominal as is the versatiltity of the phone setup. Not as many apps as the iphone but if you dont want to go get an iphone or are a loyal Nokia fan like me, the x6 is for you. Make sure you get a Zagg Screen protector and a silicone or hard case.

This phone is too expensive for its capabilities, also oudated symbian version, for 20 bucks more you should get the N8

esta ha sido una gran compra un telefono con un dise&ntilde;o muy sobrio,buena capacidad de memoria la camara excelente. en si este es un gran telefono lo recomiendo y aca en costa rica se adapto perfecto a al red 3g de la compa&ntilde;ia telefonica q es el ICE.

THIS NOKIA X6 IS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT.I THINK IT HAS BEEN OVERPRICED.THE BATTERY LIFE IS AWFULLY SHORT,I HAVE TO CHARGE IT ALMOST EVERYDAY EVEN THOUGH I DONT USE IT OFTEN.IT FREEZES OFTEN AND I HAVE TO TAKE OUT THE BATTERY AND PUT IT BACK BEFORE IT CAN WORK AGAIN.

everything works perfect but  it's too complicated with the connection, the wifi it's terrible,  I prefer android  phones arrives on time

bought it for $309, for the price, build quality is not up to the mark.Interface is good, and touch screen responds well, GPS and ovi maps works well, once it finds the signal. Camera is very nice the takes good pictures.Major issue I find with this phone is the reception, usually Nokia phones has excellent reception, but this set does not live to up to the reputation.Calls get dropped occasionally, and sometimes takes long time to find the signal.

big mistake from nokia to made this cellphone in korea, like kias hyundais samsungs, is another "fancy product" one year working and then problems forever, since now if is not a real nokia i better choose some motorola.

Yes, like somebody else already said the symbiam is old and outdated but still this phone can do things that my iPhone can't. It's small enough and the screen is pretty good, also battery life is great compared again to iPhone. You can use skype over 3G and do wireless tethering with Joikuspot app. I love my iPhone but I also love this X6.

Wish I had never bought this phone, I don't see how they made these as it's a very NOT user friendly.  Multimedia messaging is not compatible with Net10 service and I spent 2 hrs trying to figure out programming just to get the internet and basic txt messaging to work.  Battery life is non-existent and it gives you ZERO warning that the battery is running low it just turns off.  Don't buy this phone WASTE of money about the only thing good on this phone is the turn by turn directions.

I really liked this phone when I first got it.  Initial impressions would have been four stars.  The only thing I could say I wasn't thrilled with was that symbian didn't seem to have as many options as android.  I had my phone for about ten months when the screen started scrambling, making the phone useless.  It would do this several times a day.  I googled "Nokia x6 screen problems" and found many people having the same issue.  I sent the phone to Nokia for warranty repair and received it back two weeks later with a note  that said unable to confirm complaint.  I turn the phone on and unlock the screen and voila scrambled screen again.  I would suggest you do a web search for Nokia x6 screen before you decide to fork out your hard earned money.Edited to add that Nokia's warranty is pretty much worthless.  I paid to ship the phone to the Nokia repair center.  I received the phone back two weeks later with a note that said "cannot confirm customer complaint."  The phone screen still intermittently worked.  I call Nokia and they tell me to send it in for repair again.  I took a picture of the screen to send with the phone.  Two weeks later I receive the phone back and guess what>  Yep a note that says cannot confirm complaint.  I turn the phone on and the screen is scrambled.  I called Nokia to lodge a complaint and was told  they would call me back within 24 to 48 "business" hours.  I'll update again sfter Nokia calls me back.

This phone is good. I get used to it very quickly and it has many functions. It is a smart phone, so I can download many fun games and other useful tools to expand its functions. The only problem is that I cannot view 720P videos on the screen. I often cannot see the subtitles clearly when watching movies! In addition, the duration is cool, so I don't need to have it in charge everyday. I love to play games and listen to music on this phone!

DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM NOKIA. I lived in US until the begining this year and I went back to my country, so at Christmas I bought a NOKIA cell phone  because is a international company and in my country (Brazil) I would have support if I needed, but not work this way in practice. I had a trouble because the internal display starts to crack and it becames biger and biger day after day, the outside display was normal. So I called to support here in Brasil and they said me I don't have any warranty because I bought in US but I could try to take to customer service and I did and the prejudice was almost the same price paid in the cell phone, this is ridiculous, it isn't? So I didn't agree and I want to take the cell phone, oh more one problem, I have to pay a extra tax for take it just because I don't want to do the service with them... IT IS A ABUSE.

To review Nokia products can turn into an very mediocre situation as most of high end Nokia devices fans (including me) have seen very little innovation in the holy grail of Nokia software. Symbian S60 5th Edition shows some upgrades in terms of practicality and functionality however the roots of it, remain the same: Solid, reliable multitasking platform.In terms of hardware, we have here one key factor of Nokia high end devices in the future, which took way to long to arrive. First Nokia Capacitive screen. For those who are not familiar with this concept, it is the same type of touch screen present in the world best seller iPhone. It makes the touch screen smooth and soft as silk where traditional resistive screens can turn tedious as you actually have to press it to obtain the response. The screen to me was in fact the main reason to purchase the X6-00 Instead of Nokia's flagship device; N97. A faster processor and more RAM would not hurt at all the device speed. The 1320 mAh battery could use an upgrade as well.When in your hand it feels solid and well built overall, a little loose over the edges though.The 3G connectivity is flawless, WiFi connectivity is very good, 5 MP camera is very good quality as well. My biggest disappointment is the Music Player sound. The settings are poor and not enough to obtain the sound quality I would expect from a device aimed for music lovers. Headsets are really comfy and sound as good as they can with the music software. (They are white, not black as shown on Amazon pictures)I am just waiting for the successor of the Nokia N900, with capacitive screen, Maemo 6, no moving parts and no bugs. I give an 8 out of 10.

Pro: Excellent phone, with nice camera and screen.Con: slow texting when using T-mobile (G2 on T-mobile) and sometimes freeze.

Ordered from Amazon.first one is defective where back cover can not fit the body well, hold in hand will creak when ever using a bit force. returned and got full refund from Amazon.second is well built, looks and handles solid.both are made in China.GPS navigation without bothering downloading maps from mobile wireless plan is the most valuable.Music Player is a bit not as intuitive and conveninent as iphone.Wi-fi b/g works smoothly with my D-Link Wireless N, no data plan needed at all for college students.All other aspects well surpass iPhone. Slower CPU/GPU spec doesn't give slow response but longer battery life instead.Highly recommeded for all parents whose teenages are entering colleges/universities this September.Nokia still rocks.

I have never seen worse phone, the build quality is tragicand the software and OS is so buggy and unintuitive that it is imposible to use it.Freezes all the time and taking out battery is needed to reboot...Nokia should be ashamed. I am returning this junk.

The phone which was sent to me is probably a refurbished one. The phone was not in the default factory settings when i opened it and also it hangs every day(needs a phone restart).

This is the best phone I have owned so far. very much satisfied with the perfomance of the phone. Touch screen works great so far..Hope it remains the same for a couple of years...camera is so so..but serves the purpose..GPS feature is really cool..websites open really fast on WIfi...youtube videos are clear..what more can u ask...iWould say worth the money spent..

this product works fantastic easy to use and ready to go i loved and more because i go to mexico many times and work there fine!!!!!

This phone has a ton of potential and is awesome in so many ways, yet frustrating in an equal number of small ways.Greats:Ovi Maps - free worldwide navigation with no network connection required.Tethering - possible via USB, Bluetooth, or WiFi (using Joikuspot).  Works perfectly all 3 ways on Windows and Mac.iSync support for calendars, contacts, and all the rest.Battery life - days and days of use without rechargingGood music player, FM radio, and internet radio capabilitiesGood camera for a phone.  I've taken some very respectable pictures with it that outdo many cheap P&S; cameras.Built in Excel, PPT, and Doc format supportNokia Messaging e-mailSwype on-screen keyboard supportBad:No portrait QWERTYNo Homescreen apps/widgets like the C6 or any number of other, lesser NokiasOccasional restartsManual app updatesNot as intuitive/easy to use as an iPhoneLimited appsPhone feels a bit flimsy unlike Nokia's solid E series phonesAll in all, it's a great phone for what I use it for, but with a few software tweaks, Nokia could make it an awesome phone.  Almost all of my bad points would be easy for Nokia to fix in future firmware updates.  If fixed, the phone would go from a 3 to a solid 4.5.

The touch screen is great and it automatically locks so as not to make accidental call. Vast space provided by the mobile screen enables me to display lovely pictures. It works every where as I know that not all mobiles brought from the US works in Egypt. The maps providing direction is amazying and it locks the area where I'm in no time, besides the 5mp camera. The instant access to my e-mail & more. I highly recommend it.

The Nokia x6 would have been my third Nokia phone over the past several years. I say "would have" because I ended up returning the phone after about a week of use.At first, the X6 seemed like a winner. 5MP camera with Carl Zeiss name (which indicates good quality), capacitive touch screen, tried-and-true Symbian UI, a decent video recorder (30fps), and a tremendous amount of storage space (16gb) built in. And really, the spec sheet is very good, but in reality the phone comes up short.First, the camera was absolutely terrible. This was one of the primary reasons that I returned the phone. The phone that I used before ordering the X6 was the Sony Ericsson W995a which had an 8.1MP camera. It was very good. The phone before that one was a Nokia N82 which had a spectacular camera (5MP) that was even better than the W995a (it's not all about mega pixels I guess). My thought was that since this had the same MP rating as the N82, and that they were both "Carl Zeiss" lenses, and both were Nokias, that they would perform at least similar to one another. I was very wrong. I know that the N82 has a xenon flash, but I'm not even talking about night shots. The X6's pictures were grainy during the day, un-focused, and had lots of noise. This was the first thing that made me reconsider.Second, and perhaps the worst thing about the X6, is that the phone is really, really slow. Transitioning between landscape and portrait takes a second or two. Opening a program can take as little as 2 seconds to as much as 5 (like when you're opening your music folder). This doesn't seem like a long time, but believe me it is. Perhaps this is because I had 10GB of music on the phone, but isn't this a music phone? That comes with 16GB storage?? But it wasn't just the music folder that took time to open. Any program that you clicked on simply took too long to just open and work. I don't remember the N82 being this slow...Third, the build quality was quite poor. The plastic battery cover is pried off. It doesn't have a latch. You literally pull it up with a finger nail and keep pulling until it comes off. The quality of the plastic used (and the whole phone is plastic) is really bad. There is room between the screen and the edges of the phone. It was accumulating dust after just a day after being in my pocket. The buttons at the bottom are in reality just one big button, and you press on either side if you want to end a call, take a call, or in the middle if you want to go back to the main menu--the button drooped on the left side.That being said, the phone wasn't all bad. First, the music player was excellent. The sound, with the 3.5mm jack, was truly very good. Even the headphones that came with it were excellent. The software to put your music (and pictures and videos) on the phone is excellent and very user friendly. The capacitive screen was responsive, and the call quality was excellent. It has a proximity sensor that locks the phone when its near your cheek so you don't inadvertently end a call. Also, the screen was bright and really nice, it came with a few fun games, and it wasn't too heavy or too light. Just perfect in terms of weight and form factor.So, to sum it upTHE GOOD1. Excellent call quality2. Excellent music quality3. Bright and beautiful screen; capacitive tech is very responsive.4. Software bundled with the phone is user friendly.THE BAD1. The camera is awful.2. The build quality is worse.3. The UI is very slow. The phone drags when you do just about anything.Sadly, a very slow phone with a very bad camera is not what I was looking for. I wanted a great camera, a fast phone, and an excellent mp3 player. I only got the excellent mp3 player!! I returned this phone and ended up going with a Sony Ericsson Aino. The difference is really unbelievable (but it costs much more too). Hope this helps!!!

I have a month to own a nokia X6, I found a great phone, the screen is of high quality with very good color!, Photographs and videos are seen in a big way so it's good to see them.The phone has great sound, and brings a headset with good fidelity sound.The storage space seems very good.While the system remains the Symbian OS, has a very good speed in the execution of programs, and has the advantage of the existence of many applications.Overall I think a good buy for an intermediate range, but always offering a very good quality.

Not what I was expecting. The phone has several issues, and sometimes it just reboots itself. I asked other owners and its the same for them

Well i checked a lot of reviews before buying this phone.I've used it for almost a month, and i feel it is a good but not a great phone. The sound is good, camera is awesome..The big problem is age old symbian OS. It is slow and hangs occasionally.Finally, I would say, its a good phone in the given price range

NOKIA X6 it has a lot of applications and posibilities. Still the phone is a slow sometimes and it froze up some times.

I bought this phone a couple days ago, the GPS works very well in offline mode, just need a couple minutes or less to get strong signal.

Can anyone tell me if this phone is a US original version phone or those fake ones from China? Because it stated make in China on the outside of the box.Thanks!

I bought my Nokia x6 phone in 2010. For a year it was a good phone. Screen's sensitivity is good. I liked the appearance and menu of my phone. However, there are some disadvantages that I'd like to share with everyone.First, after one year my phone suddenly became very noisy. If I tried to speak with someone I would hear noise during conversation. The noise was also heard on the opposite side of the line. It came out that the problem was microphone and I had to change it, and it coast me money of course.Second, internal GPS antenna of the phone is weak. Sometimes even outdoors it doesn't work.Finally, Nokia doesn't provide ovi maps service for all countries. I travel sometimes and it is a disadvantage for me and people like me.

EL TELEFONO ES MUY COMPLETO, EL MATERIAL O PLASTICO CON QUE ES ECHO ES FRAGIL, PERO FUNCIONA EXCELENTE, EL VENDEDOR ES MUY RESPONSABLE.

i'm with at&t; and it's extremely hard to find a nokia smartphone. so far, their selection has not been the best. i don't see myself giving in to android, iphone, and windows 7 right now... so i was intrigued when i found the phone. after weighing the pros and cons, i decided to get the phone.pros:-great reception-good battery life-responsive touchscreen-good music phone-good speakerphone-decent cameracons:-screen on portrait mode is still a little small-transferring music is not so user friendly-text messaging is not threaded-plastic form makes it feel cheapoverall, i have no regrets with the phone because of it's great reception and battery life. no phone is perfect, but if you're looking for something that can last... it's nokia.

Well I got it for a good price so i am happy.Got it for $229.next day price went up to $300.For this you can get much better phones.OS- Symbian is still slower. Go for Androids. Also google apps are much better.Camera- its good.Headphones- it sucks!! really.. its better to throw them away..rest everything is fine. Ovi maps not too great,you wont get what you are looking for.Body- Plastic body not very attractive when i first saw it.Good for me as I wanted a economical phone for rough use.For $ 300 go for much better phones. Look for samsung galaxy and couple of nice LG phones running android.

Ever since my first cellphone, I have always used Nokia. I really like the OS, graphics, and overall quality. I bought the X6 two years ago, when it was about $600.00. I have to admit that I expected much more for the price. In comparison to my previous phone (Nokia Xpressmusic), the sound quality is much better, and you get a higher definition camera. On the other hand, here are some issues that are making me look for another phone (maybe not Nokia this time):- It lags a lot.- It's bulky and heavy for today's standards.- The quality of the photos and videos taken by the camera isn't as good as I expected.- After a while, the side button to unlock the phone is really annoying.- Has a few bugs, that makes it restart by itself or close applications.- I can't update the system software. I get an error message everytime.- The slot for the chip isn't user friendly.Even though it's cheaper now, I still think it's too much for this phone.

This phone came with everything that it is suppose to come with. The specs of this phone is amazing and easy to use. I wold recommend anyone to purchase this product. It is original not refurbished or used. I have order phones from other places that said it was new, but in reality it was used with the SIM card still in the phone. For the price I paid for this phone I have nothing to complain about. It will be a perfect Christmas gift for anyone :-)

I bought my phone from Amazon in the summer of 2010 and it came with Nokia warranty. After six months of usage it had a problem with lock-slider may be because it fell on the floor a bunch of times - vibration on a call or alarm is so powerful that it just slides off the table if I did not pick it up. I brought it to a Nokia repair center in NYC and they fixed it in one day. So the Nokia warranty worked alright for me. It has been working OK ever since. I said OK, because the operating system reboots occasionally although it did not cause much trouble for me.I bought this phone specifically because I spend a third of a year outside of the US so I needed an unlocked phone without a contract. At the time I bought it other alternatives like Android phones cost much more, and it also came with offline maps which was a great advantage. Also its battery lasts for four-five days which is an advantage if you travel.The disadvantages of this phone now are that it has an outdated interface and it is not supported by many applications, for example, Amazon audible does not support it. So if I were buying a new phone I would've looked into Android or Win 7 phones (wouldn't get Nokia phones because they are not really supported by many services in the US)

Love the concept of this phone, not looking for the geewizz all in one, but liked the navigation, camera and music player.  But, it just kept dropping my calls where my existing phone always received calls and still does.  So I returned it.  Now waiting for the Motorola Dinara to be released.

As far as fit and finish, i would've liked a metal battery cover, but nothing is perfect i guess...Battery life is very good (make sure you cycle new batteries three times: when new, let it drain itself completley out (untill phn. shuts off) and recharge to full. Do it the first three times).Music player is outstanding.For browsing, all Nokias work better with Opera Mini.Symbian is outdated, sure...but bulletproof. If you're not twelve and you don't need to have every app under the sun on the latest device every 6 months, this phone is excellent for what it offers. It's no Iphone, but it does this one thing that the Iphone doesn't:...it makes and recives calls...odd.

I didn't want to review this until I'd used it for a while.The Symbian OS is being phased out and the GUI isn't very intuitive.  Some menu selections need one touch, others need two.  Menu system isn't the greatest, but workable.Battery life is very good with all the sensors turned off.  With them on, I can keep a charge for a little over a day.  Ovi maps are nice (GPS is still a cool toy).Bought for the standard headphone and USB connectors.  Computer sees the 16 Gig. as a flash drive.  Plays a heavily compressed movie fairly well.  It pixelates for about 5 seconds if I change the scene.  Screen doesn't show up too well in the sun (I live in S.C.).  Can change ringtones and background without using the internet or phone company (unlike my old Samsung).  Battery is easily accessible and cheap to replace.  Keypad took a little getting used to (touchscreen) and switching to other characters.  Wi-fi is great.  I can log on at the mall, bar, stores or at home.  You will need the headphones plugged in to recieve radio stations.  Headphones suck, but not as bad as Apple's.  USB cap doesn't fit very well.  At least the lint blows out.  Screen layout has limited changes.Camera is o.k. (it's a cell) and so is the video.  Didn't realize it had a small camera sensor on the other side, so you can see yourself on the display.I'd liked to have gotten a Droid or i-Phone, but this was within my price range.  No contract either.  Put my old SIM in and connected to AT&T;'s network.  No drops / good reception.  UNLOCKED!!!Aside from the GUI (1 vs. 2 taps) I really like this phone.  Apple may have a better GUI, but for the price ($50 more out of pocket, but no data contract or 2 yr. commitment) it was really worth it.

The rank for the phone is acceptableSometimes the touch screen get frizzed and is necessary turn it around then it works again.The  battery works for at list three days.The material is so tiny.

The cell phone is good, the camera isn't as good as the one of the nokia N82 because the autofocus is slow and also the N82 run better games.Something good of the cell phone: is easy to use, very good display, a long battery life and has a lot of features

come in 8gb not 16 gb I'm very dissapointed, you had to verify the product first... i'ts not a update to symbian anna or belle

Great phone, plenty of space 16 gb?? What else can u ask for,surf the Internet anywhere with wi-fi, touchscreen downloan apps from the nokia store.great textin device.you got to get this phone better than the iPhone 4

I am very satisfied with the phone because it met my desires and then some.  The discounted sale price made me willing to buy.  I have had the phone for about a week.  I have a SonyEricsson W760 Walkman phone whose FM radio stopped working and whose charger contacts are becoming finicky.  This phone has an FM radio that works beautifully.  Yes, you must use a headphone since the wire then becomes the antenna; but you can use any standard headphone unlike with my Sony phone.I loaded some music on it and I am very happy not to have to carry an iPod.  I think the music sounds great on this phone after I played with the equalizer and other settings it has.  I just connected the phone to my PC via USB and used the mass storage option to connect and just dragged the music files into the phone since I only really listen to a couple hundred songs.  You must then refresh the library in the phone to see the songs (its in the manual).  I have had to play and tweak the phone; this thing is more like a computer than a basic phone.  I also downloaded the user's manual from the nokiausa website because the printed manual that comes with the phone is abbreviated.  You are going to have to play with the phone and I went onto the discussion boards on the Nokia website to learn more and see what problems people are having.I use the phone for personal use.  I don't want to pay for a data plan.  In fact, I disabled the AT&T; internet on my plan since I kept accidently hitting the internet button on my Sony phone so now I cannot accidently get online.  I only send a handful of text messages a month at most. But now I have a QWERTY keyboard on my phone for the occasional message I send on a phone that I didn't have to buy from AT&T; with a data plan.  I am happy with the capacitive (like the iPhone) touch screen which does not require a stylus.  Yes, the operating system sometimes requires two taps to open choices.I downloaded the Ovi Suite software (I did not use the included disc so I could get the latest software) onto my PC so that I could update the maps; must then connect the phone using the PC suite option in its USB menu.  Use the Ovi Suite software and NOT Nokia's older PC suite software.  That took some time and trial since I had to reboot the phone and download the US map twice before it worked right (I got a corrupted map message) and the updated mapping software.  I also had to try more than once to get the latest version of software onto the phone.  However, by setting up the phone to use ONLY its integrated GPS (disable A-GPS, disable Network based) and by downloading the maps onto my PC, I have a device with a functional GPS that I carry with me that costs me nothing to use.  It does take a while to acquire the satellite signal, but it does work.  So there you have it.  The approximately 1.5GB US map has points of interest and you can also download voice guidance, all for free when you use your PC and the Ovi Suite software.  Since the phone had 16GB of memory built in, you don't have to buy memory.  Note that there is no way to increase the memory storage capacity from the included 16GB.If you want the best smartphone, this is not it. If you want a simple phone, this is not it. But I am coming from a SonyEricsson Walkman phone, and this is a huge upgrade for me without having to extend my contract with AT&T; and without having to use a data plan.

Excelente Abierto a cualquier banda de operadora, no se como voy a llenar los 16GB, recomiendo que lo compren, solo falto que en la caja incluya un accesorio auricular bluetooth.Saludos desde el Valle mas caliente de EcuadorCatamayoGalo Alcibar Mu&ntilde;oz

It's a nice device. It's all about Looks, shape & color. I expected more from the touchscreen, it can only get one touch at a time, and when you're playing music or in the internet it gets too slow, bad processing speed.

The phone came as advertised. Fast shipping a really good phone.Works fast and synchronizes easy.I recommend this phone to anyone looking for a "semi-smart" phone.

The phone would be great, if it didn't crash everyday.  Very disappointing to say the least.  I have had this for 2 months, and daily it crashes into blinking red and green lines.  I have soft reset, hard reset, called Nokia support to reset.  Nothing works.The worst part is that I live abroad and can not return it and get my money back.  Stay away from this phone and stay away from Nokia.  I learned the hard way that this company's days are numbered!!

This phone has a lot to offer in terms of good signal quality and Nokia's brand. However, I returned mine even though I generally like Nokia phones. The plastics used are not good quality, the side unlock button is so badly designed. It seems as if it is going to break in a few uses. The Symbian OS is not the best one out there. I admit, the voice quality is good, but the camera is not as good as one would think of a 5MP camera. The back lid is so poorly designed... you literally have to pull it apart to place the battery and the sim. The navigation through different apps is not very intuitive. The price is decent for a smart phone from Nokia, but why waste money on this when you can buy something better for a little more? Phone not recommended, Nokia could have done better.

Best phone I ever had. I didn't realize it until I had lost it and used other phones. It had everything, timer, radio, voice recorder, etc.

I love this phone because it's cute, its operating system is user friendly and has many features. What I like most is the sound (excellent) and the camera is spectacular, the pictures are always clear and flash works really well. I am very happy with it.

This is just another version of Nokia Xpress Music, which I already had. I ordered this phone just because I thought that it's going to have a lot of different functions... basically, a brand new face. But I was very disappointed that it is exactly the same as the Nokia 5800 functions. The only differences is that the camera is 5MP and that it has GPS but then you have to pay extra every month to get the internet service with your provider. The phone looks slimmer and a bit longer than the Nokia 5800. It is also lighter. The other thing that was really dissappointing is the battery life of the phone. I'm not sure if it's because every Nokia X6 is like this or because of amazon.com. I mean I ordered this phone through amazon.com and not from any other 3rd party. The battery is horrible! It would only lasts for about 6 hours WITHOUT using it, eventhough it is shown as full. I tried charging it all night and went on for another half of the next day continuously. Still, it made NO difference in terms of increasing the battery life. The battery has the Nokia seal on it. Bottom line, if you already have the Nokia 5800 Xpress Music like I did, expect nothing new from this Nokia X6 because it is just another duplication of it!

this phone is great: the battery lasts so looong (when I was on the airplane, I listened to music for 11 hours straight full volume and the battery was still full, the camera is pretty good, its speakers are cool, the touch screen even though is not multi touch is very sensitive, and its CRAZY resistant, it fell off In the toilet and still work, it fell 384533498 times on the floor and it NEVER turned off, if it gets wet still work properly, I have more than 2300 songs in it and it never gets slow, I can open and close the music folder with no problems. what can I say more? its crazy! recommended

Very nice and love the video 3g call features. Easy to use the touch screen. Great to develop flashlite applications.

For the price it's a pretty decent phone, I wouldn't call it a smartphone or anything but it does the job. If you want it to be a smartphone I suggest you download the app SPB Mobile Shell, it's a little pricey $30 but it's a major upgrade than the outdated Symbian OS also download Thread Sms so you can view your text messages all together, and the swype app. With these apps it definitely starts comparing with the smartphone market out there like IPhone, Android, Blackberry etc. The camera is amazing it's like a digital camera the flash is nice and it's cool that you can use it as a bright flashlight. The music player is loud and clear, the capacitive touch screen is very responsive, gps is phenomenal it's works as well as the one I have in my car. The downside to this phone is that the browser is unbearable to deal with, it keeps on asking you what connection you want to use while doing anything that involves the internet, there's not many apps on Ovi, and if you have T-Mobile just like me unfortunately you will be working on the Edge network besides 3G. I got this phone because I wasn't eligible for an upgrade and it was very good price so this phone shall do for now.
