
Online diagnosis by t-Mobile reveled that the unit was defective. Exchange has been difficult since UPS has yet to pick up unit.  A unit directly from t-Mobile works fine.

AWESOME!!! I am a contractor and either break or get my phones wet all the time the 2 pack set fits all my needs and the price was spot on.  The reason I don't upgrade is because I am older and am not into all these new gadgets.  I have enough tools to play and work with so I don't need phone stimulis.  :)

I had this phone for about 7 months and it worked satisfactorily.  Last week, I turned it on and got flashing lights and an error code.  Learned that "this happens with this model" and it's fatal; nothing you can do.  Well, that is not satisfactory.

This is the worst phone I've ever had when it comes to signal strength. Dropped too many calls and always at one or two bars max. I put this one next to my old T309, I had one bar in this phone and two bars in the old one. Same network, same card, same place.I would not recommend this phone even if you are looking for a basic phone as you'd probably find better ones out there. In short, DO NOT BUY.

i have both a regular t-mobile sim card and a prepaid one - the phone didn't connect to the network on either (although it said it was made for t-mobile)::: when i went to a shop, i was told the phone is registered as stolen - ?!?::: i only give an extra star cause i didn't have any problems with returning it---

Yas okey even the best i like it they sent me new one i'm satisfied it's good.So finale i have.

I like the fact that it is a flip phone with a nice camera and easy to use features/functionality - great price

simple and easy to use long battery lifefast shipping tks

This T139 Appears to be NSIB, If one wants simple but reliable cellular communications, this has proven its worth. My previous T139 was in service for almost four years before it was lost or stolen.

Phone works great,

I have bought this phone consecutively and i give it 3 stars simply because of 2 problems one being major. First of all this phone has been the most quality samsung phone i have owned ever yet the one weakness I have found is the hinge is poorly designed. After a few drops on pavement and numerous daily operations of open and close the left hinge breaks and weakens the phone such that you are forced to buy a new one or wait till the screen detaches completely. Second problem I had and maybe this is with t-mobile is sometimes at night the service would be slow as it won't or delayed sending of txt messages or calls not going through as they should. I would definitely buy this phone again because of the price and yes it will last you if you take care of it unlike my last one I owned but as you noticed i gave it a good not great rating. Then again t-moblie stores are selling the slightly newer model for about 3 times the price at about 96 dollars. See my point? Simply price over quality. It's a good price for decent quality.

My husband had this phone, and after 4 years, the battery finally gave out.  He said he wanted the exact same phone so he would not have to learn anything new.  I actually found the exact same phone, and he is very happy with it.  He doesn't do much texting, or that would probably be a problem.  If you are looking for an easy to use flip phone to primarily make calls with, you will be very happy with this phone.  Also, we have a family plan with T-Mobile, not prepaid.  He just removed his sim card from his old phone, and put it in the new phone, and everything works fine.

Dad was just looking for a simple functioning phone, the same type he's had for the past 10 years...Unfortunately, I guess they don't make these simple phones with much quality anymore to suck everyone into smartphones. This broke down and has been malfunctioning after about a month of use. At this rate, we had no choice but to start teaching him how to use smart phones.

The phone does not have all the features I need like notes or memo feature to keep track of important notes needed. I do love the lock feature so when at work do not have to worry about nosy co-workers going through my phone when I leave my desk. for  some reason I am getting a lot of dropped calls which I never got before but that maybe due to the cell company merging.

According to our local T Mobile store, this is the best T Mobile phone for seniors.  The keys are fairly large, the screen is bright, and the sound is better than a lot of low end phones.It is no longer available from T Mobile.It is offered on Amazon, but as of July 2014  was available  on amazon and with free shipping for Prime members.

I've had iPhones, Blackberrys, Androids and a bunch of whatever came before the modern ers including Samsungs that were more or less identical to this model.  What I did not ever have is a phone that that let's you destroy the SIM card.  OK, foolish me for not knowing the difference between the pin for the SIM card and the password for the phone but then its been a long time since I had to deal with a phone interface from 15 years ago.  One star for bad interface and a stupid feature.

I purchased a Samsung T139 Prepaid Phone (T-Mobile) from Amazon through BlueMall.  The phone was for my husband for Christmas.  Strangely enough, the serial number that is on the phone (and the box) is non-existent.  It took me some time on the phone with T-Mobile to figure out why I wasn't able to easily activate my phone.  The reason was because the serial number did not exist in their system!  While on the phone with T-Mobile, I overheard someone in the background say, "Oh, we got another one?" - this makes me think that something shady is going on with this company (BlueMall).  I did eventually get the phone activated and I charged it for 14 hours before that.  I then turned the phone off, placed it back in the box for a week before getting it out again.  Even though the phone was OFF and fully charged when I put it away, the battery was DEAD when I tried to turn it back on.  This happened twice!  I went ahead and gave the phone to my husband for Christmas and am just hoping that I don't have any more problems with it.

I ordered this, I needed a simple replacement phone, and got a fraud that T-Mobile didn't recognize.Skip this offer, my phone goes back tomorrow.

Purchased for someone else they love it. It was just like her old one only different color. She was really pleased. Got to love and take care of those aunts.

User preferences save only intermittently.  I regularly have to reset ringtones and message tones because they revert back to default.  It seems to have its own rolling blackout for signal.  It'll just up and take a dump at random even though I'm standing still.  Just, one minute the signal is there the next it's not.  If you're in a heavy building or in a basement, forget it.  When it works, it works well.  I'm not expecting it to be anything more than what it is (I'm not a phone snob and bought it because I don't want a smartphone).  But these bugs, particularly with the signal loss, is maddening.

nothing fancy. just a very durable phone. i had dropped it. kicked it. talked in the rain.this phone doesnot die. it is a great backup phone!

is simple

it was a great item.  it work fine . it was the way that i was expected to be.  i have no complaint.

We have three of these.  I use one and my wife uses another for basic phone service.  The third one we keep in one place connected at all times by Bluetooth to a Panasonic telephone system for our house.  T-Mobile has the best terms for this.  If you pay enough down (usually I put up $100) the unspent amount carries over for a year and then to another year if you buy as little as $10 more before the first year is up.  Calls are about 10&#8373; a minute.  If you use a telephone at the rate that we do, the entire system averages about $10 per month.  You could use other phones for the T-Mobile service, but these Samsung models are both tough and light to carry.  A SIM card for T-Mobile pay-as-you-go is available from Amazon for $6.99 or less.  You can't watch movies on it and it is not cost effective if you talk several hours a week, but otherwise hard to beat the price.

The phone had no service, therfore I had contacted T-mobile.  After being on the phone with T-mobile customer serice for over 2 hours, they informed me the IMEI has been locked.  T-mobile is not able to unlock the phone because they show it is a stolen/lost  phone.  The phone is useless at this point and will have to return it for a full refund.

I have had this phone for almost a year and I am completely happy with it! Texting is easy especially when you use T9. I tend to have low signal at places other than my house but I can still make calls and text usually. The design is very cute and bubbly. The camera clarity is not the best but it gets the job done. It has useful tools like a calculator and alarm clock that I use constantly. It is SUPER durable (which I have learned after dropping it several times :) ) Although I am sometimes made fun of for having a "clam-shell" phone, I am completely in love with it!!

I bought this product from Beltsville Bargins sent it back and after a month and a half still have not received my money back. This guy sent me a phone without a Sims Card and with no authorization code. To say this least I am highly dissatisfied. Let the buyer beware.

If all you want to do is make/receive calls and or texts, but this phone.  Easy to use & carry.

I got this at Target for about $25 (including tax) to replace a 11 years old Motorola V180 phone. The T139 is quite an ordinary phone and it doesn't work any better (i.e. signal reception strength, call clarity, etc.) than the old V180. Unlike the V180 this phone does have a camera but the only way to transfer any pictures to a computer is to email them (which is not a free service with my plan). No big deal though - the pictures it takes are quite rudimentary. Otherwise, it does not have any other new features compared to that decade old phone. Not really the right phone for texting, web or email (but you can do all that if you really want to). Also unlike the old V180, the T139 does not come with any accessories (other than a charger). I'd rate the build quality as fair, all plastic. etc. but it seems light and sturdy enough to survive the occasional drop. The ring volume buttons are on the side and they can be easily pressed by mistake when in a holder or in a pocket (not the best of designs). Not much else to say about it, it seems to work well enough and for the money I'll rate it as 4-star for now.

First of all, it is a nice looking cell phone. Next, the camera is pretty good. Calling with it's good. Texting May be a little hard at first then easier.I suggest this phone

I had this phone just over the year and worked OK just one year and few more days. It is quite basic with average battery life. However the phone was made to have a year life (or less) so I got corrupted flash memory on 380th day. Samsung technical support was not helpful at all and just simply offer a repair. The offer was to do repair at minimum cost of $17.95 (plus S&H). Keeping in mind overall value of the phone ($25 to $40) it is not worth it. Because  manufacturer warranty covers only one year even under plan it is not worth to buy this poor quality phone and replace it after first year.

I liked this phone because it was small, but after having it for ALMOST a year it completely farted out on me. Only showed a white screen, I could make calls, but I couldn't text, see who was calling.. And, it is DEFINITELY not worth 46 bucks

I bought it for my mom and she tried it out for 3 days. Seems to work pretty well, she told me to store it away and use it whenever she needs a phone.

I'm sure the phone would have been more than adequate however I made a blunder.  In my haste I thought I was ordering &#34;Unlocked Phones&#34;.  I returned the phones as soon as I realized I blew it.

I bought this mobile phone because it is cheap and has Bluetooth capability. I have had no problems with reliability in the two years that I have owned it. It never leaves my car unless I take it inside my house to charge, and it has no problems enduring the heat. I have only sent three or four text message with the phone, but it seemed to perform okay in that function. Most of my use does not involve actually touching/seeing the handset.The only deficiency is that I sometimes have to place it on top of my car's dashboard to improve the signal strength when I drive into an area with low coverage if I want to maintain my connection.If you like to talk on the phone frequently or to send numerous text messages, I recommend that you purchase a nicer phone.

I wanted something I could use and I knew I would abuse and to my surprise the battery was the same as the older one I was replacing so far it has worked for months without a hitch its no smart phone but its durable and that what I was going for good software doesn't freeze or lag

Basic phone for making calls. It has good reception, long lasting battery life,  and simple to use. If you're looking for simple phone for making calls, this is perfect.

Had this phone for 2 years now. Works fine but beware for some stupid reason T9 or Predictive text mode stays in default. Looking for a new phone where I can turn this off.

I did not like it.  It wouldn't work when I took it to T-Mobile to transfer info from present phone.  They said it was inferior to what I was already using.  I sent it back but haven't been refunded as yet.

First; the box did not contain a headset as stated in the product description. However, that was the least of the issues with this seller/order. When I received this phone the online and telephone activation programs could not verify the IMEI number. When I spoke to a TMobile representative it was discovered that the IMEI number printed on the inside phone label was different from the one stored electronically in the phone. The representative moved forward with the activation using the electronically stored IMEI# and told me to purchase airtime in order to complete the activation process which would take several hours. Several hours later the phone had not been activated, and a second TMobile representative stated his records showed the IMEI number for the phone had previously been reported lost or stolen and the phone could not be used.The good news is with a couple of clicks I had a return receipt from Amazon for the phone and SIM card I purchased to use with the phone, along with an appointment for UPS to pick up the package within 2-5 business days. UPS came the next day with a return label, but I had to ask them to come back as the return items had not yet been repackaged. I had an electronic refund from Amazon in less than 24 hours after UPS received the package from me.While I appreciate the quick and painless return service Amazon provided, I doubt I that I would purchase another phone or a computer from an Amazon Marketplace seller again.Side note; TMobile did transfer the funds from the SIM card that their first agent had me activate in error to my existing account.  I have previously used this same phone model which was purchased directly from TMobile some time ago, it's a good basic flip phone, no extras, if that's what you're looking for.

The phone is working great! and got it for cheap too even though I needed to go get a SIM card. No problems with the phone or transaction.

Pros: The phone is cheap and it works. It feels good in your hand. It has survived being dropped  on the pavement a few times. Sound quality for handheld is fine. It's cute. Buttons very easy to see and to push. Battery life is great.Cons: What I failed to see anyone mention in other reviews is that if you want to use a headset, you have to purchase one made specifically to connect with this phone. This is also true if you need to buy a new charger for home or car. This is a major flaw, both for the environment and for your pocketbook. The sound quality is fine, unless you want to use the speaker. I can generally hear fine using the speaker, but the other person often cannot hear me. Sound quality w/bluetooth is impossible.  As another reviewer mentioned, texting is a drag, because you have to set it each time for 'abc' --  how lame is that? Also there is no address book to enter physical addresses. The menu is complicated and annoying. But then, I was used to the ease and simplicity of my old Nokia.I had a Nokia flip phone before this one, also very simple and inexpensive. It had all the features this one doesn't. I used it for years. The only reason I bought the Samsung is because the Nokia is no longer available. If anything will drive me to a smart phone, it will be this Samsung. I haven't been able to find a headset yet, and even if I do, don't know if I want to invest $ in a headset that can work only with this phone.I wouldn't buy it again, but..options are limited with t-mobile if you want a basic phone. Basic isn't what it used to be.

i got this phone from walmart for $20 and i missed my at&t that fell in water.i wanted to get a phone with camera.about all the pics dont come through on facebook unless you download it.the connections are bad alot.me sending pics didnt go through,couldnt access the web.when that happens just turn it off. then turn it back on.the customer service taught me that.believe i had to call about like 3 times.and it being a 3 month period.but i really got tooken to it afterwards.im not used to having real advanced top notch stuff,so it dont take much to make me happy.like this or the at&t samsung a157.

I have Tracfone and my husband has TMobile prepaid. We find these plans best for us for calling and texting. We do our surfing at home so this is very inexpensive-less than $10/month for both of us. This phone is great for my husband who doesn't care for touch screens in a phone. He also likes the clam shell style since he is rough on phones and scratches the screens. Recommend this phone for cheap calling/texting. Too expensive for surfing.

My boyfriend working on construction industry and only need a basic phone.  Since his phone always lost or brokened, I have to keep an extra one in my home.  I bought this from BestBuy and he started to use it after 6 months of purchase.  The volume for this phone is so low even he set up to the highest level.  So he have to get a new one from local T-mobile store at the first day he hd used it.  I tried it myself with my SIM card and bearly can hear nothing.  Now this phone still stay in my home as a trash.  Do not suggest to buy.  Waste your money.

This phone is smaller in size, has a smaller screen on the front and inside.  The lettering is smaller and the key pad is small.I just put it back in the box after checking it out and went back to old phone, even though the photos don't come out right on it.My old phone is a T439.

Ordered this to replace a phone that got broken.  Works great and the price was really good also.  Ended up going to T-Mobile to have the address book transferred over.

I have had one of these phones for 2 years. Takes photos, easy to text, programmable ring tones, good sound quality, sturdy. I have no complaints as I didn't expect a smart phone for the price.

The pros: Inexpensive, good for making and receiving regular cell phone calls, takes adequate low-resolution photos.The cons: Texting is a hassle since the default is "predictive text" (T9) which suggests words that aren't even close to what you're trying to type.  Furthermore, you can switch to regular entry (ABC), but that is on a per-text basis; you are not able to change the default setting permanently.  Also, after nearly two years, the phone keeps shutting itself off even though the phone is fully charged.  I've missed quite a few calls due to this problem.  However, since the phone is no longer under warranty, I'm unable to get the phone fixed for free.Advice:  If you want a phone that lasts, don't choose this one.  If you want a phone for heavy texting, don't choose this one.

Another reviewer is correct and the solution for transferring files or pictures to a PC with a dongle is useless. The problem is not the cable not doing data; the cable would do data if the phone let it. If you get a Bluetooth dongle, you will have your phone and your USB dongle, but, it is no improvement. You cannot transmit data (jpg, mp3, etc.) by any non-cellular method, not by USB Bluetooth dongle, not by cable, not by IR, not by pairing to another better phone (it won't), not to a card or dongle enabled PC (it won't).  So you are stuck to either emailing yourself or another phone with real Bluetooth capability instead of this phony wireless Bluetooth (pun intended).The Bluetooth connectivity Samsung, T-Mobile and other vendors are peddling only permits the use of hands free talking and Bluetooth headphones. It does not permit file exchange or pairing to any computers, other phones, or any other device. Don't learn the hard way (I did). For this reason the phone is a piece of junk if you want to do more than talk or message. If you don't believe me, just go into the Bluetooth menu on the phone. You will find Bluetooth profile selections for using only headphones or hands free. Nothing else.I'm giving it 3 stars as a consolation since it actually feels good in my hand.  I'd like to give it one star because it is almost impossible when reading all the current internet literature to learn what "Bluetooth" capability this phone really has, especially for the unsuspecting consumer.  I finally confirmed my suspicions after a few days of trouble by calling the person who handles returns in a local Wal-Mart.  Yup ... lots of returns sir due to that limitation on Bluetooth.  It does have connectivity by only for headphones and hands-free and although I agree with you that it is deceptive if you are buying one of these cheapies for the first time, you will find many other cheapies have the same limitation on Bluetooth.  And, you can't return it since yours was purchased 16 days ago and our return policy is only 14 days in Wal-Mart for cell phones.  Sorry, but at least you'll know enough to be careful next time when reading what they mean by Bluetooth!

Before I bought the phone, I read a lot of the reviews. I got mixed feelings because sometimes you just never know, and reviews are the only way to really get a feel for something you buy online. Well, I was kind of reluctant to buy this phone because I have a T-Mobile Plan and this said "Pre-paid" so I was little concerned that it wouldn't work with a T-Mobile contract plan.  Not one of the reviews really clarified it for me if I could use a Sims Card with an already-contract.  I was buying it for my grandmother who needed an easy to use flip phone... something she could flip open to answer and flip close to end a call. This phone seemed perfect so I decided to buy the phone anyway and give it a try and to my surprise, it does work with a Sims card for a contract and not just a pre-paid one. However, T-Mobile has changed their Sims cards to be smaller now, so if you do buy the phone, you will need to go in and get the "old style" Sims card for this phone to work.The phone was received before the delivery date and in perfect condition!  (No real wear and tear or scratches.) The charger and battery were in the packing with the phone, so there is no need to order a separate battery or charger.  The phone works just fine and holds a charge and is very nice for the price I paid.I would gladly buy this phone again and I bought the phone from the seller: recellulartoo.  I would greatly recommend this seller!

I bought this phone like 3 months ago and the phone got a problem with the operating system. I send the phone to samsung and they returned the phone working, but after 2 days the phone just broke again with the same problem. What kind of phone breaks in 3 months? And samsung just sent the phone back with the problem occuring back again. I am really dissapointed by the phone and I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND this phone to anyone.

It was so easy . The phone came complete, quickly, and at a reasonable price. I did not have to deal with T Mobile at all !!! That was the absolute best thing. Their customer service skills do Not exist. I now have Amazon and can circumvent T Mobile until my contract runs out.

Samsung T 139 phone:  What I like about this phone is that I don't have to worry about a case hanging on my belt which made me feel like a geek.  Since I can't get reception in my home and use my land line most of the time.  I opted for prepaid service from T-M at a cost of $100/year, since I only use it occasionally when traveling and for emergency, and only text once or twice a week and for $25 I paid the phone, how cheap can you get.  I can still use my Nexus 5, IPad or whatever when traveling, but keep it in the car and my other tablets stay home.  The T139 phone is small and light, gets nice reception just about any place just like the Smart Phone.  I can control the volume and hardly noticed in any of my pockets, just like the good old days.  After all, it is just a phone like it was meant to be!  With todays' tablets, who needs Smart phone unless you are a traveling salesmen, maybe?Okay, I have had smart phones for the last four years and hated writing a check for over $90 a month for service.  Smart phones are nice, like my Nexus 5 which I use as a tablet now, but just for making phone calls, I like my simple Samsung T139 better and the battery charge lasts days instead of hours.

Inexpensive phone good for people who just want to have a phone handy for occasional use.  I took it to a T-Mobile store, bought their cheapest phone plan and they got it up and running.

Please don't buy this phone.  I only paid 20 bucks, but that's two sixpacks of Corona, plus the limes to go along.Let me back up.  I love flip phones.  I'm too dumb for a smart phone, and I hate butt-dialing.  So when I (temporarily) lost my beloved Nokia I picked up this cute little flippie.  Worked okay for about two months, then it started doing the exact same thing my last Samsung did.  Namely, lots of flashing lights, error codes, then a slow, lingering death.  I guess I didn't mention this is the second time I've bought the same phone.  In my defense, the last one bit the dust a little after a year, so I thought it was an anomaly.  Nope!  This phone just sucks.To add insult, when I sent it back  under warranty, they told me it was liquid damaged.  Oh really, I said, how can it be water damaged when it's never gotten it wet and it was sitting on my desk when the malfunction occurred?Liquid damage, they said.Whatever.  I promise you it's never gotten wet.  I'm very careful about that, even when I'm drinking my Corona.  Which I haven't had for a while, since I spent that money on your stupid phone.We can't help you, they said.  All we have to do is say it's liquid damage, and you're sol.Okay then.  Can you send the phone back?  (I did this just to annoy them, and to cost them money for return shipping.).So, moral of the story -  don't buy this phone.  Spend your money on the nicer things in life:  Nokias, Coronas, and a lime or two.

we are in need of a bigger and much better cell phonelike a nook or a galaxy 4 or T- Mobile galaxy cellphone.

If you're on a budget, and this is all you can afford right now, it will be good for you, but save up, because this wont last you that long. I went through two before I upgraded, because, the screen began doing weird things, and I got error messages, but still, that was after 6 months.*Good basic phone for texting/calls, and some extra features.*sound quality is good*easy to learn to use/simple navigation-Won't last very long-Not very durable-You can get a better phone for only a few dollars more

I am not into hight tech phones and just need a replacement. Dealer ship wanted to much for phone and took longer to get.

bought as a replacement for my mom who had one just like it but lost it.inexpensive prepaid phone, cheaper here then in the dollar store.

Pros:-Cheap-got at BB on sale for 20-Good size keys for texting-Small, lightweight-Can sync contacts from T-mobile siteCons:-Old school graphics, fuzzy, and colors not bright-Can't connect to your PC (when will Samsung get it and start using USB connection?)-Camera is only 640x480.The biggest drawback of this phone is that you have to "send" any pictures you take because there is no ability to connect to your computer.  The phone advertises bluetooth but it is useless, except for using a headset but I don't use one...other reviewers have mentioned problems in general with the bluetooth. Texting options are limited and inconvenient for symbols, caps, etc. but I don't text much myself so that isn't a problem for me. Reviewers have complained about the phonebook not being easily accessible but all you have to do is push on the "down" part of the circular function area and it comes right up. The "up" button brings up your call records so you can quickly call any entry there. Only two steps to send a text message...press the center OK button and then "send message", couldn't be easier so I don't know why people are complaining that you have to go through multiple steps to get to these basic functions (some Cnet reviews). Even though the buttons aren't customizable, what else would you want to use these for other than phonebook and sending a text msg?  Anyway, all in all for the price I paid, I'm happy with it.

This is a no-frills workhorse of a phone -- the kind of thing you toss off the balcony to a friend who's forgotten it at your place. I happily downgraded from a smartphone to this thing, and I'm hesitant to shed this luddite telecommunications device. It represents more than a phone; it's a commitment to leading a certain kind of life. There's no doubt that this thing raises eyebrows, but, gosh, it works.

for just a phone it is prefect . Easy an simple to use. can hear well on it & the screen is easy to read for a basic phone this is it.

Outdated technology?  Sure, but it's cheap as dirt and I don't have to worry about anyone wanting to steal my phone.

The phone was okay at first, but service was always spotty. I got the phone on June 8 to replace another phone that had been damaged (after having it for nearly two years). I left for vacation July 14 and on the way there, my phone died. The battery was fully charged but I tried plugging it in when I got there, but no use. The phone lasted a little more than a month, and was a WASTE OF MY MONEY.

this phone should get zero stars..was ok for talking, but bluetooth worthless and after 6 months screen flashed with error code.looked online and found this is a common way for the phone to self destruct after a short while. JUNK JUNK JUNK !

I got this phone for 4 bucks from Tmobile when they ran the special that comes with a free $[...] gift card.  $[...] total).  Obviously I have no complaints about the price.  It's an ok phone.  Nice size buttons and they are raised so you don't have to use your finger nail to punch in a number.  Fairly decent display but only 3 or 4 wallpapers which are not so hot.  Sound could be better but I'm still testing.  Sound is the most important thing to me.  But, since it has a camera, I began taking lots of pictures.  Then I bought a data cable to transfer them all over to the PC.  Turns out, this phone does not support data cable transfer even though Tmobile and Samsung and a bazillion merchants on the internet sell a data cable for this phone.  Pretty crappy arrangement for a camera phone (not to mention costly).  Without data transfer, it costs you 25 cents per picture to email it to yourself in order to get it on your computer.  Just so you know the score and don't spend days (as I did) trying to get this matter straightened out with the seller, Tmobile and Samsung.  The data cable that they sell for this model only functions as a charger, not data transfer.

I have had this phone for a very long time, probably 3 years already it it has served me well.  The reason I am writing a review is to clarify somethings that other people have said.  First, you cannot compare this phone with a more advanced phone; it's only a flip phone, nothing else.  This phone is really for people who only use it to call or text and the other things like the alarm which I used so the camera doesn't need to be superb and the screen resolution doesn't need to be clear either.People have stated that this phone is flimsy but I can tell you, my phone has survived a great deal like drops but it's still intact.  Some have said that the volume isn't very good but for me, it's loud enough, sometimes even too loud, then again, I'm not one of those people who blasts their music on their earphones.Sometimes it does display low or no bars, but I have never dropped a call.  I do wish that this phone was able to set the alarm to vibrate rather than just music so you won't disturb others when it goes off.Overall, it's a good phone to keep around if you aren't into smartphones or texting because it provides the basics pretty well.  The front screen displays the time which I use all the time.  The battery lasts a long time, a week for me, if you don't use it too much for calling.  It's a good little phone, great for a child who's given their first or second phone.  Usually I don't write reviews but some comments I read were contrasting to my experience so I wanted to bring it up front.

It replaced the same model that fell into a lake. Switching the SIM card and battery was all that it took to get back into business. Prompted to add old addresses, I erred in NOT doing so, but later, ALL appeared without my requesting that action.

The phone was perfect for what I wanted it for (nothing but an occasional phone call or text), but after 6 months of light use the phone suddenly became unusable.  In less than a 24 hour period, it began turning itself off and on and stopped making phone calls until finally the buttons completely locked on it rendering the phone unusable.  It is now completely dead, in spite of the fully charged battery.Unfortunately, giving zero stars is not an option in the ratings system here, but that is a fault of Amazon.

Bought it from t-mobile for my wife who has hearing-aids.  So far it works well, with good hearing aid compatibility.  Unfortunately, it needs the proprietary Samsung charger, a pain when traveling. I purchased a Samsung APCBS10UBEBSTD OEM USB Data Cable For S20-Pin Phones through Amazon Marketplace. The cable fit well physically, but the phone would not charge.

While I already have a main cell phone, a Galaxy Note 2, I do not like to carry it with me all the times when I hop in the car for short trips (bulk) or take it with me on my multi-mile running exercises (potential rain/damage).  However, it's always nice to have peace of mind in carrying a phone when driving around, due to potential crimes, accidents, tow service, or simply to make a call to a friend or family in a sponteanous event of need.  This is where Tmobile's prepaid shines because I can do all the above with their Gold Rewards plan.  Simply purchase a $100 card and your prepaid account turns to GOLD status which means your minutes don't expire for a year AND if you top off the account with as low as $10, all your minutes roll over and last another YEAR.  So if you read this right, that means you can theoretically get annual prepaid service for $10 idefinitely.  Of course, this only works if you don't use a lot of minutes - which works fine for someone who sparsely uses their phone to begin with.As for the T139 itself, it's a typical small flip phone.  Text entry was easier than I remembered with these numeric keypads so not too bad for short messages.  Camera is VGA but quality is surprisingly pretty decent and useable for situations where you need it.  Battery life is, of course, phenomenal when compared to any smart phone.  Also, with bluetooth, if you keep this in your car and hook it up to a cig charger, you can have a real "car phone" where the bluetooth will just sync all the time to your radio and never worry of a dead battery.Overall, if you're looking into purchasing a secondary phone with prepaid, this is a great model to get.

compact, intuitive, brings in a signal pretty well.  much better in all those ways than the t159 that replaced it.  voice quality only fair,

Purchased this as a replacement for the exact phone my husband had before. Interestingly, he accidently left his phone in his pants pocket and ran it through the washing machine and dryer. When he saw it he could not believe the &#34;sim&#34; card still was good. But it was time for a replacement now. He loves this phone. We are not fancy and even when I upgraded to another phone, I still think THIS phone &#34;rocks&#34; for a basic phone with some features and &#34;great&#34; voice quality. A great delivery and turn around time too.

Was Just what I wanted since I had a family plan and had lost a phone just like this one

i used to have a slightly expensive cell phone. then a cpl years ago i dropped mine in a jacuzzi and had to replace it. a guy told me to buy this real cheal phone for $29.99 and just put my sim card in it. i did, and i have been using this same style phone for  a few years now. it works great. and at a very nice price. cant go wrong. let everyone have their 4600 phone, i am happy with my $29.99 samsung. LOL !!!

Simple and easy to use,not complicated like some of the phones on market today. Keypad is large enough for texting without hitting other keys. If looking for a reliable simple phone then this is for you.

I love most things about this phone. However, the default text entry is T9. Which is great if you use T9 text entry. But if you use the standard Abc text entry, you have to go into settings and change the text entry method from T9 to Abc EVERY SINGLE TIME you create a text! The phone will not allow you to permanently change the default T9 method for future text, only a temporary change for the current text message you are creating. Still a good phone if you seldom use SMS. But a real nightmare for non-T9 text messages.

I bough this Phone for emergencies and it works really well, it is not a Samsung Galaxy but it can take the phone calls that i need when my other phone is under repair.

THIS PHONE DOES NOT PERFORM WELL.  FEATURES SEEM TO BE BACKWARDS IE. SPEAKER ON OR OFF. THEY ARE THE OPPOSITE!  ON AND ON IT GOES.  BE SURE TO DO YOUR REVIEWS RESEARCH.

I rec'd the T139 as a gift.  Not a bad unit in general.  However, it failed at 11 months, locked up screen while charging overnight.  Display showed 'FFFFFFF' in RED and there was nothing you could do to unlock.  Samsung sent me a replacement with an abbreviated warrenty.  This failed also, with the exact same sympton 'FFFFFFF'.  They sent me a replacement but wanted to charge me a $10 'replacement' fee. I rebuffed and they sent me a third phone which again failed, overnight' while charging with the same error displayed.  This time they indicated it was 'water' damaged even though the moisture sensor under the battery was NOT indicating a problem.  I'm on my 4th T139 and this will be my last. If it fails I'll go to another phone.  Otherwise it functions fairly well for a basic phone.
