
This review is specifically for T8585 model and not T9193 or the T-mobile version. Although they are same, just the 3G bands totally differ on all 3 and some cosmetic changes and branding.While this was a great phone in 2010 when it was launched but the future seems bleak now.Please google "Windows Mobile July 15"Windows mobile 6.5 has reached end of its life, would no longer be supported by Microsoft, and no new apps would be allowed to be developed, in fact the app marketplace is going to get shut down by July 15, 2012, so you won't even be able to buy apps.Pros:1) Nice bar phone, which looked similar to IPhone 3G and worked similar with HTC Sense app.2) Windows Phone 6.5 was quite stable as it had gone through many releases.3) This phone has 1GHz processor, but not dual-core, good for a 2010 phone, but not great per today's new generation phones.Cons:********US BUYERS BEWARE**********1) HTC HD2 differs with the model number on its usage with different GSM provider for 3G internet services.If you are in US, please DO NOT BUY T8585 as it does *NOT* supports 3G for AT&T; and not even for T-Mobile.a)If you want to use it in US with T-Mobile, buy the T-Mobile HD2b)If you want to use it in US with AT&T;, buy the HTC T9193, Telstra model.If you are in Europe, or going to use it outside US then it may make sense to check the 3G service frequencies before you make this purchase.I came to know this hard way after buying the phone, I had no way to use it on 3G network.It works for calling, but the 3G internet service, data service are not supported for US. I don't think anyone would buy this smart phone and not use it for internet, so it doesn't makes sense shelling out on this model, if you are in USA.2) PLEASE NOTE - the days of this phone are numbered now, newer version of android are device specific and are no longer open source, so you will not be able to flash this phone to an android.3) There have been successful flashes, but a lot many times, people ended up bricking their phones.4) After Android flashing, there have been lot of issues with call drops and connection dropping, those who have successfully flashed theirs still have issues, so it is really not a fully functional android device, and you will end up spending a lot of your time figuring out how to rid of those problems, and many are still not fully resolved.5) Too costly on price value point at this time, no worth left after mid of this year, 2012.I would not recommend a windows 7 phone, as the marketplace is almost non-existent, I guess we are now just left with 2 new platforms to focus on Android and Iphone. RIP - HTC HD2 and Windows 6.5. Both reach end of their life this year mid of 2012.Not sure if you are able to see this link, here it is for your reference.[...]

I brought this phone it's a nice phone the internet very fast even if you have a 3G,  but I don't like the screen it's small  I will send it in my country.

Once i was take my phone, and try to download some update for it, from official HTC site, with serial number of devise,I have error message, that the software is not for you devise...And when i was send mail to HTC support, thet answers me that your devise if with Malaysian ROM, and no update aviable to it...I have a question to Seller, what you mean International?

I've had this phone for 6 months now. I wanted to give myself some time before I left a review to get a good feel for it.1st - If you are looking for a phone with apps, avoid this phone like the Black Death. You will not find any app's worth having.2nd - Windows Based phone are horrible. I've had 2 now and hated both of them. I should have gotten an Android or an iPhone. Windows is just not a good OS for a cell phone. It's clunky, buggy, frustrating. I keep thinking "There should be a much easier way to do this" but there's not. I have mp3's on my phone that I can't seem to get off the phone. The Active Sync program is worthless.3rd - The phone itself is good, I like it. If it just had some other OS.If you could replace the OS, buy this phone. If you want a phone with apps, please, PLEASE buy an Android or an iPhone. I promise you, you'll be happier.*** UPDATE ***Owned the phone for a year now and it is the worst phone I've ever used. It locks up ALL the time, I'm continuously having to pull the battery out to reset it. I've already had to get 1 replacement phone because the software locked up and not even the store could get it working again.Texting on the phone is VERY buggy. I use the Swipe feature all the time and it always finding the wrong words and takes me longer then just typing. The touch sensing is not as accurate as an iPhone.Dont buy this phone expecting to us apps because its a joke. No one makes apps for this thing. The only apps you'll find are cheesy crap you'll never buy.If you are REALLY looking for an Android phone or iPhone, just save yourself the headaches and spend the extra money. This is NOT an option you'll be happy with. I dont make many reviews but I felt so passionate about warning people about this phone that I had to.*** UPDATE #2 - 6/15/11 ***The phone has died. This is the 3rd HD2 I've been given by T-Mobile. I tried using the barcode reader, the phone locked in camera mode, I had to pull the battery out to reset the phone (Like I have to do every other day when it locks on SOMETHING). After that, the phone wouldn't power on, wouldn't charge, nothing. Its dead.  I've had it with this POS phone. I'm going to ANYTHING other then a Windows based phone.

The HD2 is the best windows mobile smartphone. Period.The screen is HUGE and the 1 Ghz processor is incredibly fast. I owned a Treo Pro and it wasn't reliable. The HD2 is fast, can multitask with no trouble at all and the screen resolution and brightness is amazing. Many friends who are iPhone owners see it and begin questioning me about the phone. It's really a pleasure to watch videos and read documents on this screen. Camera works great. Did I mention the double LED flash?The HTC Sense UI works very well. HTC really did a good job with the HD2.

sometimes the phone screen does not respond at all, it takes me to remove the battery for a while,which is annoying.

I bought the US Tmobile version of the phone, but since then, i was thinking i should have bought a phone with an android OS. Though i never actually used an android phone at that time,  I read some negative things about the Windows 6.5 operating system relative to android. Because i always wanted an android phone, I just bought one with an andriod 2.2 OS for my mom, thinking it would be much easier to use than the HTC modified Windows os that the HD2 has(since she isn't too good with electronics). But, after comparing both phones side by side, i feel HTCs custom modification/navigation on top of the windows platform makes it very easy to use, and arguably easier to use than the android interface.  Also anything I was able to do on an android, i was able to do on the HD2.  I cant speak for windows 6.5 phones by other manufacures though, only ones by HTC. The only things i liked better about the android OS phone was the large library of free apps, that its more customizable, and the voice search feature.(u can talk in a search term on the net or w/any other program and it will find it). Regarding the battery life on the HD2, i found it wasn't great initially, but after about 10-15 full discharge/recharge cycles, it seems to have improved greatly.(it last about a day and a half w/moderate usage)So overall, i think this is a great phone and HTC did a excellent job making the the windows OS very user friendly. I now don't regret not getting an android for myself. My mom can keep the android.

I switched from Blackberry pearl to HD2 which I was really excited about, but Windows ruined it in many ways.P.S: I am not a mac fan-boy, in fact I hate apple products. All I own is a PC and a laptop running Windows 7, so this review is FAR FROM BIASED.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Con's:1> This phone has so much potential but windows seems to have locked lot of things like the home screen tabs, Registry settings, no Mp3 ringtones, videos on Opera browser, Task Manager options and so on. The problem is its not impossible, you can just play with registry and problem solved. But you have to download some applications to edit registry, and know what you are doing. Why not just give it to us, rather than making us all figure out?2>  You upgrade the device and you lose all the data and settings, I mean ALL. That's lame Microsoft, can't you just add a backup feature to your ActiveSync junk?3> Its not available for Win mobile 7 upgrade, which could have been amazing because I have head really good reviews about it. But HD2 doesn't meet the "hardware requirements" for Win mobile 7.4> You have to use both the hands for using this phone efficiently. Or have a large hand. Ex. The browser has address bar way on the top but navigation is way on the bottom, makes it difficult to use it with one hand.5> I have to click so many different places just to get my address book up. Which unfortunately I cant even add in my home screen tabs.6> THERE IS NO EXIT BUTTON FOR ANYTHING. If I click back or "X" on the top right corner it doesn't mean quit in Windows mobile 6.5. It mean minimize. I have to go to Task Manager every time to quit applications. Which drains my battery in case I forgot.7> The hardware is so powerful but Windows media player will not play most of the videos by default. I had to download some other freeware program, which got unistalled when I did an upgrade.8> When your battery is almost dead, it will shutdown the phone all together, so no access to contacts no access to time, alarm, message or directions. It doesn't let you run on really bare minimum required resources.9> I can't see the timing of a call placed or missed or received. I can't even see the clock when I am setting an alarm, I have to go back to main screen to check the time again.10> The sound quality is OK, maybe its just me because my pearl(8200) has a speaker and a WOOFER, which is way better than HD2's speaker.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pro's:Its really COOL. It looks very smart.The camera is super awesome. I have not owned a cellphone with this great of a camera.I like the feel of it, not heavy.After you get over the coolness part it all comes down to usability, where it severely lacks(at least compared to a blackberry).In conclusion, it could have been really better if they would have TESTED the OS before just shipping it out with this amazing phone. I am really dissapointed in HTC's decision to go with Windows mobile 6.5. When windows 7 was just around the corner( they could have struck a deal with Microsoft to support HD2 on the contract).

not the fastest thing out right now but still an awesome device. I would recommend this device to anyone who wants a smartphone but has a limited budget

It's an awesome smartphone! My second HTC device and I'm just loving it! Really fast processor, very good to render pages when surfing the web, running applications, like watching movies, GPS navigation with full details, fast games. Never got OutOfMemory message (of course, all non-critical aditional applications installed on SD Card).The big screen with 800x480 high resolution it's very nice to watch movies, PDF reading. Easy to use and access all functions with HTC Sense, easy typing with the capacitive touch screen and the full QWERTY on-screen keyboard. This smartphone has everthing that I was wanted on a phone.It's cool when it's ringing and it "feels" that you're about to pick up and it lowers the ring, and when you put it near your face, it automatically turns off the screen, so you don't touch anything with your cheek.Another nice feature is the 3G internet connection sharing. Easy setup an active sync share or even a cool wireless "access point" sharing.Just two points that disappointed me:1) Battery Life - It's during 1 day, connected 3G only when surfing on web, e-mail, twitter and RSS (about 1hr), 15min phone conversation, GPS weather updates, music (about 30min), movie (about 1hr) and PDF reading (30min)2) Does not play music on Bluetooth headset, still looking for a working audio router.After all, I'm really happy with this phone. I recomend it.

I paid for a new pone but the one they sent me wasnt new. the touch stopped working in less tan 3 months. When I took it to a place to fix it they told me that the phone had been opened several times. they also told me that they replaced some of the parts to make it look new. if you dont want to waste ur money please dont buy this phone.

I ordered this phone last july 29, 2011 and it arrived on august 04, 2011, that was great. Unfortunately I was not able to check it until last august 15 since I was outside USA and when I opened the package I realized the phone didn't include micro SD card so I can't play Transformers movies nor the demo of the preloaded games. I have no complaints with the operation of the phone but wanted to send me the micro SD card with preloaded movies and demo games. Thanks

I was looking fon the fastest phone to work with it.I bought the International version of the HTC HD2, but it doesnt work in my country, despite I ask for the international, unlocked version.Bad...

I purchased two of these phones in Aug 2011, from two different sellersThey came without SD Card and International Warranty CardOne of them also did not have the Earphone.One of them was locked and needed me to communicate with the seller to unlock.I have not got my money's worth or what was promised in the product listing

been owning a HD2 for more than a year so far ,is simply the best phone I personally find out there.Its really cool. It looks very smart,i love it soooo much .

i have this phone for a year now, and the only thing i love about it, is the style.to me it looks super awesome. nothing special about the phone features tho. i have two roommates, and somehow all 3 of us managed to have this phone. we all complain bout it, as at some point it will definitely go crazy. bu crazy i mean, freeze, not respond, stop charging, do a complete opposite thing from what u wanted to do...anyway, like i said nothing special about it. the reason i gave it 5 stars is that i love the looks(as ive mentioned) and i dont want to give a low rating to a person who perfectly packed and sent me a brand new phone. the condition, price and shipping is perfect, so 5 stars to the seller, 3 stars to htc.

This phone came FAST!! The phone wasn't supposed to come til AFTER Christmas, it came in a day in a half...from the 22nd.  I just bought this phone because I didn't take very good care of my HTC Desire HD. I didn't want to pay the newer smart phone prices for a new HTC so settled for this. So far the phone came as Advertised- Unlocked. I had no problem using my SIM from Germany (TeleKom T-mobile) in it. All the applications are pretty good thus far. It's very user friendly for me. No complaints thus far so I will write another review 2 months. Enjoy!

remarkable device with excellent price, unlocked though with T mobile logo. missing sd card and leather case!?? many pre installed games and apps require the missing sd card!

After owning the Touch HD, which I absolutely loved, this phone was a huge disappointment. I bougt a couple of covers for it and couldnt use them as I would lose the signal after a while. Once the cover was off this wasnt a problem. Ive got bigger hands and fingers, and trying to type with this device was mission impossible! Battery life was minimal as well. Also another very annoying problem was that the screen would turn side ways as I was using it, and in the end I spat the dummy with this phone and threw it away in frustration. Not smart as I paid around $950 for it, but it frustrated me that much. I would buy another HTC device because I was very impressed with the touch HD, but leave this phone well alone.

I no happy, the Micro SD not include, the in hear headphones not included, the box is generical box no original HTC box. feel very bad amazon should send the memory card and headphones as I feel cheated

I've read on the internet an comment from an owner of this Pocket PC and she seems to be very disappointed in this miracle.Here is the link - [...]/ref=cm_cr_rdp_permBecause I cannot post comments on the other amazon.com, I just wanted to spit it out somewhere, so I guess American amazon will work.Here is the answer:You seem to be somehow frustrated by this mobile phone. You don't like almost ANY of it's features, thus it is a very functional and ergonomic device. I was laughing my a** at the part where you said about Word, Excel... Go buy yourself a netbook. Come on people, netbooks are netbooks, notebooks are other thing, PCs and Macs - another thing. This is a Smartphone/Communicator/Pocket PC, not a desktop or whatever! When you will understand that a device like this is meant to simplify your life and help you ON THE GO with most of your tasks, while on the move, or when you don't really have access to a real desktop computer? It is not supposed to make for you reports, graphs or cook a cake for God's sake, it is just a freaking cool pocket PC with a very (very) good hardware base and an very (very) appealing and beautiful interface. Peace.

I just got this phone. I called T-mobile (my provider) and asked how much it would cost to cancel my contract, and upon finding out decided to stay with them. Until Apple and AT&T; stop acting like its East Germany by denying us real competition and choice, I am stuck with this provider.But I REALLY wanted a good phone. I misplaced my blackberry and, just a week later, missed a doctor's appointment. I bit the bullet and got this phone.I LOVE it. Now, I am a Mac guy. I run Macs at home, and definitely love Apple products. However, I was able to download a program called Missing Sync and this phone can now Sync with my iCal and my contacts no problem. Works great.Furthermore, if I attach the phone to my Mac as an external drive, the phone came with software that, when opened, looks like the iPhone store but has apps for non-apple smart phone (Android currently has the best non-iPhone apps... I am sure Windows will catch up). With this software I can sync to my iTunes library no problem, and get photos from iPhoto onto the phone.And the phone itself. Wow. The screen is amazing, the phone is quick, and I have great service. For the price (with ANOTHER 2 year contact... grrr.) was really good and I am very happy with the phone.Strongly recommend this phone instead of the iPhone if you with a provider other than ATT. Windows just needs to catch Droid regarding Apps. Then this will be a great competitor to the iPhone.Addenda added Aug. 2nd: Having lived with this phone for awhile, I wanted to add a disclaimer. I very much like the phone, and I enjoy T-Mobile service, and the hardware aspect is great. The software aspect, specifically what we are burdened with from Microsoft, is actually terrible. I have had the time to go through all the apps, and Microsoft's offerings aren't just slightly inferior to iPhone and Android, they are COMPLETELY AND TOTALLY inferior. It is stunning. The iPhone's app store is superior to the competition, by a great amount. Android is really only better if you are an immoral jerk (as there is plenty of "adult" material for that phone). The Microsoft offerings are truly pathetic.Microsoft has a lot of work to do.

At times hard to tell if there is any truth behind negative comments, especially if there is a positive one next to it. This phone doesn't say it's branded but mine is which was not a big deal but not as advertised which upsets me being I like to know what I'm getting especially if I'm paying this much money. As for the phone I'll report back after some time with it.

As an avid user of smartphones, for years I've completely ignored a series of dull, uncreative phones running windows. While a variety of hardware form factors, some even technically superior to the competition, have come out, the software continued to look incredibly boring compared to the iPhone, Android, and even Blackberry. The main selling points consisted of "It runs windows and has a start button like you're used to on a computer" and "We have Office and sync with Outlook!". While these may have appealed to some business customers, the consistently shrinking market share of Windows phones demonstrated their lack of appeal to consumers as the recent smartphone boom hit.With the HD2 this trend may finally be coming to an end. In conjunction with HTCs beautiful Sense interface, some aggressive hardware, and some genuine innovations, the HD2 is a Windows phone I can actually use and recommend. Let's start with the pros and follow up with a few drawbacks.**Hardware**-The 1ghz Snapdragon processor coupled with 448mb of ram is blazing fast. This is the fastest speed in a phone currently available. The HD2 loads everything quickly, and can run multiple apps at the same time. You can feel how fast the phone runs by playing with it for a few minutes. Gone are the sluggish Windows Phones of old, constantly running out of memory and crashing. The HD2 is fast and has top notch hardware and you can feel it.-The screen is huge: 4.3 inches and stretching from corner to corner. The Resolution at 800x480 pixels means you'll see much more on that big screen than average. That means more room for icons and that sexy weather display on the main screen.-The HD2 supports 3g on T-mobile, including the upcoming higher speed 3g. This means the fastest downloads and best call quality available. Note: the phone does NOT have ATTs 3g bands and the 3g will not work if you're using it unlocked on ATT.-5mp camera with auto focus and 2 LEDs. 5mp is the highest we see on most phones, and the camera looks great. Having not 1 but 2 LEDs for flash seems a bit silly but works well. The phone even comes standard with a little flashlight app for a blindingly bright way to see in the dark.-Included 3.5mm jack - this is becoming standard on most phones, and it's great to see it on the HD2. This allows you to use standard headphones without an adapter when playing music or listening to the built in FM Radio.-Included wifi, bluetooth, and a hardware (real) GPS for turn by turn directions round out all the bells and whistles included in the phone.-Battery life is similar to most smartphones. You will easily get a day's use without having to charge, but most likely you'll have to plug it in at night.**Interface**-HTC Sense is what really makes the phone shine here. This part of the software is done by HTC, not Windows, and runs on top of standard Windows Mobile 6.5 professional. HTC Sense expands on the previous TouchFLO 3d interface and enhances the way customers interact with the phone. Sense creates the beautiful Today screen, animations for messages, social networking features. It also lets you interact with the phone in unique ways, such as pinching to zoom. Some of these features are so close to the iPhone that Apple has recently filed lawsuits against HTC.-The home screen is customizable, though not quite to the extent of Android phones. It lets you place a few apps on the screen, along with a beautiful standard weather app that detects your phone's location and shows the current time and weather in your city.-Touch is a much better experience on this phone than previous windows mobile phones. The screen is capacitive, meaning it uses touch instead of pressure. No awkward stylus or pushing is needed for the touch to work. The phone responds quickly and smoothly to any motions.-Basic phone features like placing a call or sending a text remain simple, with big buttons on the main screen to do so.-Typing on the touchscreen is a breeze due to the size of the screen allowing for a bigger keyboard. As someone who has often stuck to phones with hardware keyboards due to inaccurate screen keyboards, I found typing on the HD2 much easier than previous touchscreen keyboards, although still not as easy as using a hardware keyboard. The HD2 also includes the new SWYPE interface, which lets you type by dragging your fingers through all the letters of a word instead of tapping each one. SWYPE was surprisingly accurate in typing the correct word and will even learn new words once you type them manually.**Included Apps and Accessories**-This phone is being marketed as a media phone, and includes several media apps to demonstrate that. MobiTV lets you watch what is essentially Cable TV on your phone free for 30 days and then ten dollars a month after that. Blockbuster lets you rent or buy movies for your phone. Barnes and Noble eReader lets you purchase ebooks.-The phone comes with a huge 16gb MicroSD card out of the box. This is the biggest memory card available currently, and gives you plenty of room for pictures, videos, music, and apps. The best memory card pairs perfectly with the best processor and screen, and it's great that HTC did not hold back on this extra.-Full videos of Transformers 1 and 2 are preloaded on the memory card. These videos look great and show off the beautiful screen. Note the movies do take about 4gb of space on the memory card.-The phone comes with a gel skin in the box to protect the phone, which you would have to buy separately on most phones.**\u0010Drawbacks**-Price is the number one concern here. The phone is priced higher than competing smartphones. This price seems justified, however, due to the cutting edge hardware in the HD2. It also comes with some nice accessories you'd have to buy separately from other phones. Upgrade and new customer deals will certainly lower the cost for those buying from T-mobile.-The app store is another drawback. The good news is that the phone has one, the bad news is it's the smallest of ANY smartphone operating system. As of this review the Windows Marketplace carried less than 1,000 applications, compared to Android at 20,000 apps and iPhone at a staggering 150,000 apps. Even Blackberry, Palm, and Nokia carry more apps than Windows. You are also going to find significantly more paid than free applications for Windows Mobile apps. The Marketplace is simply far behind that of competing phones, which for a heavy app user will diminish the enjoyment of the HD2 by quite a bit.-Windows Mobile 7 upgradeability is still up in the air, but it currently looks like this phone will NOT be getting an upgrade when the new OS is released. The phone does not support some key hardware feature (front buttons) that WM7 requires, and therefore it is unlikely to be upgraded. The upcoming OS promises to be very exciting, and the fact that this beautiful phone will probably not receive the upgrade is disappointing.Overall this phone is fast, pretty, and offers top of the line features. The phone feels solid (and huge) in your hand, while the software is fast, works well and is fun to use. If the HD2 is any indicator, Windows Mobile may become a legitimate competitor in the smartphone market again. The phone seems to be selling very well, with T-mobile selling out almost everywhere the day the HD2 was released.  I'd recommend this phone as a viable alternative to Android and the iPhone.

I bought this phone ten days ago, but I have been shopping for about a year.  I am a Windows woman and did not want to change, and I wanted a large screen.  (My current PDA was 4".)  I have always had a Windows PDA and a cell phone, but this is the first time I have found a phone to combine them.  I wanted to stay with Windows, (I organize my life with little Excel spreadsheets,) and thought I should wait for Win Phone 7, but then I decided that I just couldn't give up the File Explorer, so I decided to stay with WinMo 6.5.My husband found this unlocked phone for me here at Amazon.  It was expensive, (although I have been watching the price slide down a bit for months.)  When I evaluated the cost of data service from our provider for a year plus the cost of a smartphone, even extending my contract, I came out ahead with the HD2.  So, I am using it only through WiFi, although before I unchecked the auto option, it kept slipping into the "E" data mode and worked fine.I am very happy so far.  It took a few days to learn to type on the soft keyboard, but I am fine now.  The screen is beautiful, and even bigger than my old iPaq PDA.  That means I am not using some of the sexier apps, but I don't need that stuff.  I love the customization, Favorite People, etc, but there are some things I have not found a way to change.  (Some of the black backgrounds, for example.)  The camera seems really great to me, and I love sliding and flicking my way through the software.  I miss the ability to put my office docs into landscape mode, but that's about it.All in all, it's a good thing, but I imagine it will disappear now that Win Phone 7 is released.

Not the quality I would expect from HTC. The second day I started using this phone, one of the buttons lights started to flick, and now this button does not light anymore. I am not sure if the rest of the buttons will follow as well.The loud speaker is of low quality.This phone is obviously not meant for international use. It was customized to be used only in China. The handwriting recognition is only for Chinese characters. There is no English handwriting or blocks recognition software.I do not know why the warranty seal behind the battery cover is from a Chinese company, rather than HTC.

My credit card was debited December 12, 2010 for a purchase that was to arrive prior to Chistmas on December 22. Upon inquiring about the delivery from UPS tracking states the order was picked up from the shipper in California on the 22nd. As of January 1, 2011 I have not recieved this order and would like to be refunded for the total amount. The lack customer service without any response from the shipper despicable. This compnay should not be a vendor on Amazon.com. Not only was the order late to present as my gift to my fiance but it never even made it prior to New Years Eve. Thank you for the embarrassment

----------------------------------------------------------------I purchased this phone to get away from the poor selection available through my carrier. I found that this phone offers the best touchscreen hardware available on the market, and a great USB, 3.5 etc. Perfect for my needs. I have used Windows Mobile before so I was aware of what I was getting into.I received the phone on time according to my shipping request, and it was intact and had everything included. Everything works great but- Windows Mobile can run inconsistently. Sometimes okay, sometimes badly for many reasons. Not just memory issues, but strange freezes and crashes, but only every once in a while. Can be corrected with custom softare. However the HD2 has the best Windows Mobile experience of any phone anywhere. This is IT for Micrsoft mobile until Windows Mobile 7.- Definitely need a case for this monolith of a phone/screen protector too.- Somewhat difficult to find software unless you know where to look. There is no app store for Windows Mobile worthy of mention. You must scoure the net to find the best ( GetyTV, Core Player, Slacker, Morphgear and MUCH more ) I found that I could come up with a match for ALMOST any App that Palm, Android or IOS provided... If I looked hard enough! Lots of footwork.- NOTE: If you know where to look you can upgrade software OS for the phone too with XDA Developers and other sites. There is even an Android upgrade in works, so you can get a better Windows Mobile experience or whole new Operating System entirely. This is The Big PLUS for this phone.- You can do this with other phones, but this Windows Mobile handset, like many others with the 6.1 - 6.5 software are VERY open source and easily modifiable- Also has a GREAT camera. It starts out poorly but with softare updates it can be upgraded to a higher capture quality and eliminate the "pink spot" too... has a macro lens for great close ups...All in all this phone has succeeced in getting me what I wanted. A great high end hardware handset, with a good software experience and open ended, so you can modify down the road somewhat easily. I enjoy this phone but primarily because I already know Windows and computers and Smartphones and how they work, very well. Without that knowledge, Im not sure I could enjoy this phone to its fullest extent.------------------------------------------------------------------

THe HTC HD2 cell phone that was sold to me by Ross Cellular through Amazon was a poor quality product, during the first month it worked fine, but then just after the month when their warranty expired, the phone stop working and then died out. Ross Cellular was not capable of helping me exchanging or offering me a refund for this defective cell phone. So I'm very dissatisfy with Ross Cellular, please be aware of this vendor and the products they carry.HTC HD2 T8585 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, 5MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Windows Mobile 6.5 Professional - International Version - Black

i have had 2 hd2 phones so far and i have to say this is the worst phone i have ever had. it freezes up so much that i just give up and think about getting rid of it. i cant believe they would sell a product like this without testing it first. i had a loaner phone that was a simple flip phone from tmobile and i enjoy it a 100% more than the htc hd2 phone. if you decide to get this phone, keep your reciept and pray everyday. DONT GET THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The phone itself is great with many features.However,the sellerstated that the phone was unlocked and when I got it it was not.I had to pay to get it unlocked.

Product is good.Issue: Sometimes I need to power off and power on (reset).Maybe a new System Operational or Firware version can solve that. Do you have any suggestion?Promotion's issues related to Blolck Buster.In the folder they wrote that I can get two Paramount movies free.1) When I try to accesss Block Buster movies they asked me to input my credit card in order to receive the respective PIN number to access the movies. Of course, I am not confortable to do that.2)It is not easy to get Paramounts films only (if you put in the Seacrh box "No results" appears).I would appreciate it if you could send me the path to get may 2 films that I would have rightto get free.Thanks in advance for your support

I bought this phone for my cousin he loves it, most of his friends likes the phone and would like to get one in the future

i always was looking for the hd2 .. i dreamed of having it.. but honestly, when i already got it.. i found that it is not as wonderful as expected.. that's all due to the outdated operating system.. which is not tailored well for the hd2..may be when windows mobile 7 is there, it would give the hd2 a better look..but the good news that microsoft has confermed that the hd2 is the only phone in the market which will support windows mobile 7.that's all i can add..but every thing else about the hd2 is well known for every one who is interested.

this cell phone has a nice appearence, nice apps, similar system as an iphone, the problem is it`s too large, larger than a beer can.The another problem is its battery, since i got this cell phone, i have to charge it everyday, situation not expected, because i was looking for a better phone than the one i used to have (a nokia 5800), but i think i just throw away my money because it has so many bugs.It needs a stylus for internet navigation, but a stylus doesn`t work on it, because may be it doesn`t make the right pressure on the screen.Watching it better it looks pretty similar than a tab, just because its size.Honestly I don`t recomend this phone, at least if you want a huge screen and been conected to its charger.

It is really sad to see how people complain or return this phone just because Windows.I bought one recently, installed Froyo (Linux Android) as second operating system and now I do have the best phone ever: Skype, battery life meters, Kindle for Android, B&N; Nook, Weather Channel applet, you name it! Everything from Android Market and free. Also because Android has very small memory footprint (light operating system) the cellphone is way more responsive and faster; I noticed the change when writing text messages or just touching the phone.In a nutshell, this is a great hardware, limited and locked by Windows Os.*** UPDATE ***I am giving 5 starts now, instead of four. After validating all the potential of this "baby" and using the camera I am more than happy. The built-in camera has auto focus, white balance control, several color and picture editing tools, ability to adjust focus as well, it is amazing and this is just a cellphone not a digital or dedicated camera. I took couple of indoor pictures (no flash) and the photos were really good. The screen resolution and colors are spectacular!If you don't mind to read a bit and not afraid of technology, buy it and install Linux as second operating system. A whole new experience. The process won't delete or wipe out Windows so still you can go back and use it or even get rid of Linux later if you want.

goodnight amazon and I got the package thanks for all your attention sorry for inconveniences caused, all I really worry a lot but everything was solved and I hope to continue so they are doing an excellent job

I have had my HD2 less than a week.I have just emailed HTC to tell them that I will be returning it if I do not get answers. It is that simple. The important question is Windows Mobile 7 upgradable?It leaves me with a bad feeling...What HTC is doing is completely UNETHICAL !!It's like New HD2 vs Old HD2 !WTF and for THE SAME PRICE!I TOLD YOU WE WERE BETA TESTERS !!

I can only say that I love the phone HTC HD2, the big screen is great, I can see and read the words without having to zoom in. I just put in the sim card of Simple Mobile my provider, and started to use my cell phone instantly. Fantastic. Love it.

when I got the phone the charger was not good has a bad contact also the touch screen is very bad and can not slide to unlock nee to try severals time before open the screen you can not even connect to the interned is a bad bad bad will never buy or recommend thios saler

People wake up everyone, pleas listen to me, DO NOT USE iPHONEUSE NOKIA, HTC, ANY KIND BUT iPHONE, i have 3 iPHONE NONE OF THEM WORKS ALL TRASH, I AM TIRED OF iPHONE1- NO BATTERY2- NO MEMORY SLOT3- THE WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE EVERI HAVE 100 MORE RASONS NOT TO BYE iPHONE, THE FAKE ONE IS BETTER THAN THE REAL ONEPLEASE DO NOT BUY iPHONE, SOMEONE TOLD ME THAT BEFORE I DID NOT LISTEN TO THEMBUY HTC, NOKIA, MOTOROLA, SAMSUNG YOU WILL BE HAPIERIPHONE IS TRASH

One of my best purchase's ever, I love the functionality and it's abilities it's like a hand held computer maybe better!

The cell had some wear on its side. Not brand new as advertised. And the headset missed whereas in the user's manual it is stated that the headset come with the cell. And the box is not the original one. It must be clear and fair when advertising something on the web 'cause the customer cannot not check the item in person.

I bought two htc hd2's and they are not unlocked the Reviews lied, The phones are not unlocked and now i wasted alot of money for these phones. Thanks for having a false description!

I got this phone delivered on time at very competitive price and in a new condition. Packing was not original & some of the accessories were also not original, however 5-Star distributors responded pretty quickly and sent me the replacements. All in all, I am satisfied with the product and the service.

I went from a Blackberry Bold 9700 to the HD2 and I didn't realize how different phones could be. The HD2 is FRIGGIN HUGE. It WILL NOT fit in your hand so that you can thumb type accurately. The screen is absolutely brilliant for watching movies and for most touchscreen jobs but it's halfway to being an ipad. HTC has designed its own interface to mask Windows Mobile called sense which works decently but once you need to change settings or set up an email account, windows mobile is horrendous. it you're not using gmail or hotmail (like a school or work email account) it needs you to type in all the specific info to retrieve your emails, like the outgoing and ingoing servers which most people don't know. the email tab shows you a nifty pile of papers, the top of which is the current email and you can flick to get to the next one, but then theres an inbox button and you're like, wait aren't i already there? its very confusing. threaded texting is barely that, and the messages are too spaced out to be able to read quickly. it also makes you tap a button to see all your messages, where you can usually see a list of messages without having to navigate any further. Tmobile version is packed with entertainment features which were good, namely transformers 1 and 2 are preloaded and look and sound AMAZING on the huge screen. internet browsing is flawless and very fast, and there are a few browsers you can download and figure which you like best. im returning this phone because the email feature on it really doesn't work for me. blackberry does email best, period. maybe i'll look into android phones, who knows. if you use email often, i wouldn't recommend a windows mobile phone.

did not meet my expectations. Team met with many imperfections, was beaten and hit your screen with very visible, especially when writing.

I switched from my trackball blackberry curve to HTC HD2 because I missed having a touch screen phone, and I don't regret it one bit. Yes it does take more time to adjust to it, but it is definitely a better phone. I loved my blackberry, but after only a year, the programs were slowing down and there were small problems with the programs that were unable to fix even for blackberry techs.HTC HD2 is a great smart phone that can do just about anything you desire that doesn't require it to be an android. It does run with a windows OS, so don't be expecting all android or apple apps to be compatible.The 5.0 pixel camera does wonders and takes beautiful pictures with and without flash. The flash can also be used as a flashlight if you need that extra light. The LCD has great resolution and shows pictures (with good quality) beautifully on the screen.If you want a smart phone that physically looks beautiful and works wonderfully. This is the phone for you. ^______^

Although unlocked  I could not use it in USA without paying $50 for a sim card. I like the phone but could not use it for the purpose for which I bought it without paying the price of a cheap phone.  Other than that it is in good working order

I love this phone's look & feel. Awesome piece but slightly bigger than usual phones. But this bar is really a cool stuff to work and have some fun. The sound is pretty much okay. The navigation system, camera works really cool. Lot of options in windows mobile and so it would take a long time to get used to this. The only concerning thing is the BATTERY. It drains very quickly and especially when you have long phone calls. Even if you dont use it, the battery drains quickly. Without using this phone for a full day might drain the whole battery. Having said all this, i just got this phone and would provide a full feedback after some days.

HTC HD2 T8585 is simply the best phone I personally find out there.So let's get started.This is my first time owning a windows phone and i was actually pretty scared. Everyone told me that windows phones are known to have the slowest reaction time(THAT'S SO NOT TRUE). HD2's are very fast. 1GHz processor def does that job. You can pretty much do anything you will ever think off.I'm a high school student, and phones are just my thing. The screen is big enough to watch a full High Definition movie without no frustration. You will love watching movies with very high resolution. The camera is just beautiful.5 megapixel color camera with Auto focus and Dual LED flashlight is amazing. You can capture pictures on the go with 5mp resolution.Its great. I can't forget the touch screen.The screen is so sensitive, you don't need to press the screen. The screen is a heat sensor(just like the Iphone). Now the only issue i might have with this phone is the battery. Me being on Facebook 24/7 could drain your battery. I will give you an example: Searching the web very often and texting on 100% brightness could literary drain your battery BIGG time.Like after few hours your battery will go down to about 14%. And I thought the issue was from my phone, but all HD2's batt are like that. I personally dislike the battery because i use the phone everywhere and its never in my pocket. I always hated taking notes in class, but my HD2 made funner. Having Office mobile on the go is a GREAT feature. I easily pull up Microsoft Word and take notes. The Phone is extremely "HOT". HD2 is a very attractive phone and I hate all these keyboard phones out there because they're Huge. Oh and you will get alot of compliments.things like this "omg i like your phone, what kind is it" ;). yup. I strongly recommend it.

I urge all of you.. do NOT buy this item!! Seller is a complete rip off. Firstly the metal contact for the SIM card was faulty, I had to stick a piece of paper between the SIM and the back of the cover to ensure contact was being made. The phone was definitely NOT new as described!!!I cannot install any apps from the store.. IDK why.. it'snot  an international version phone but an unlocked t-mobile phoneI wish I could give this seller a 0 star review!!!Amazon should ban this seller!!! What a waste of my money

I've bought this telephone from a friend reccomendation but since November I had to reset it to the factory Defaults at least 20 times. It freezes with no reason and I lost all the settings, programs and data all the times. I try to reach HTC and they didn't deserved any attention to my request. Please get away of this and other HTC proucts!

i purchased this phone by looking it's reviews which are of course good. but the phone which i got hangs a lot everytime. amazon please help.....

AFter 2 weeks of use, the device begun restarting in every 2 seconds. It's now absolutely useless, HTC refused replace/repair - "Why send it for repair sir. the battery result test shows that your phone is doing well!! the phone might switch itself off automatically, if it was over heated. for security and safety purposes. Thank you so much for using HTC products. Respect & Regards, HTC TEAM"

I received my phone and the packaging was not fit for an HTC HD2.  It was just shoved into a T-Mobile box.  The 16gig memory card was MISSING and so was the user guide and gel skin.....What a shame

OK! I bought this phone considering two main reasons:1.- I wanted a Widows mobile phone2.- I wanted a gigantic screen to surf the web, watch videos and pictures, etc.This phone runs Windows Mobile 6.5 with HTC Sense which is an excellent HTC Shell, brilliant, executive, serious, innovative, useful, customizable and extremely user friendly. First request has been fulfilled.This is the greatest screen you'll find... There's just 1 device that comes closer (Toshiba TG01) and it is 0.2 inches smaller (Toshiba 4.1" / HD2 4.3") So my second reason is clearly covered. Indeed it is bigger than what I thought and I am obviously happy about it.Extras: A LOT!!! The design is perfect, but device's pictures describes it better than my words, it is so elegant and I like it very much.Camera resolution is fine (not the best) but it does its job. Still pictures are very nice and video recording quality is also very good. I am very impressed about taking still pictures on dark environments beacuse it gets a highly brilliant and beautiful pictures. Its two led flash allows you to photograph almost anything on black dark environments (as long as it is closer enought to light it)The capacitive screen prevents unwanted touches from any other thing that is not your finger (or skin) and it has a proximity sensor so you won't click buttons with your face when talking on the phone. This proximity sensor turns off the screen when you place the phone on your ear and turns it back on when removed.Battery life is amazing considering 1GHz processor and extra giant screen, I get more than 24hrs of power listening to music, placing and receiving calls, sending and receiving SMS, MMS, surfing the web through WiFi, GPRS, EDGE or 3G (any available) and "playing" with GPS, google maps, Garmin, etc.It comes with an extremely addictive game (Teeter) that uses the built-in accelerometer to move a ball while you move the phone, the objective is to insert the ball in a green hole preventing the gray ones.It has a built-in connection with Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Windows Live, so your contacts are always up-to-date with status, tweets, profile pictures and even birthdays! (it stores birthdays on the calendar and alerts you on the go)Microsoft has a very useful software "MyPhone" (not exclusive for this device but 4 all Windows Mobile phones) which allows you to sync contacts, calendar, pictures, text messages, music, documents, storage card contents and even location. This lets you change your device and by simply synchronizing with a couple of clicks, your new device will be exactly as the old one, and you don't even need a computer 'cause it stores the content on your Windows Live account. (I've heard about a lot of BB users who loses their contacts when updating the BB messenger) So this deserves a big "Hurrah" for Microsoft. I found it soooo useful and important.The stock manager allows you to keep track of your stocks, always up-to-date, it can even show graphics for 1 day behavior, 5 days, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 1 and 2 years.Storage card is placed below the back cover and it is not below the battery, so you can change it while phone is still on. It supports up to 32 GB microSD HC.Applications included are very useful, I saw a review that talks about the simple calculator and this is wrong... it is not so simple, it has a simple calculator when holding the phone in a vertical position and you can get a scientific calculator if you turn your phone and hold it horizontal.The MP3 trimmer allows you to cut an MP3 file in a determinated position and save and extract of it to use it as a ringtone.Office Mobile includes OneNote where you can write using the keyboard or handwritting. (I also read a review that says that this phone won't let you handwrite to create a message), this is also wrong... you can turn on this function on the keyboard options while you are writting your message.WorldCard Mobile (found on tools) is an OCR recognition engine that lets you take a picture of a bussiness card and it recongnizes names, email, website, address, phones, etc and save it to a new contact so you don't have to write it manually.Remote Desktop Mobile lets you connect to any PC, the digital compass can be combined with google maps to get directions or orientate on unknown places and this HD2 can be configured as a WiFi router to use your mobile internet connection everywhere (GPRS, EDGE or 3G) so your laptop will be always online no matter where you are, it can connect to a network or bluetooth printer to print your documents on the go including Acrobat PDF documents. The Opera browser and even IE are flash compatible and you can navigate almost as if you are in front of your desktop PC.The performance for this device is impressive with its 1GHz processor and as if this is not enought out there are millions of software apps that can be installed and customize your phone covering all your needs.So, I can see no reasons why not to buy this monster. I hope that my review helps you decide what you want.

I ordered a HTC unlocked phone, got a Tmobile phone which was locked.After i contacted back i got the unlock code after a week.Now my htc phone does not say htc, its written t-mobile and i do not like thatAlso i got a US version not a international one where charger plugs varies, so i had to buy an additional one.

Is a T-mobile version, different ROM(1024mb)/ differents frequencies 3G 1700/2100.... is not the same phone speciffication like "Technical Details", I'm not completed happy, 3G dont work for me(I need 900 frequencie)....

I hate this phone.  It is buggy, slow, freezes all the time.  The Windows OS is terrible.  There are so many bugs, I can't believe they released it.  I am on Tmobile and all the phone representatives know that it is terrible too.

HD2 is very slim, tough, nice looking gadget, but a little bit big for a daily use phone. I'm using it as a PDA more than a phone and I'm very happy with. I've had all of what I need. This one is the fastest and most stable pda I've had and it has a perfect high resolution screen. GPS is very sensitive and finds satallites under minute...It has some imperfections and incomplete things but it is unfair to downgrade from 5 star rating.

buy this phone in October, and it is failing, it turns itself off and is almost impossible to use, and easily lose the information that is in the truth bad purchase

After a while, I was starting to like the phone, sure I'd found all possible errors including one where you have to hard reset because of a lock issue where the phone forgets your password!!Then, I've run into another one that has my phone useless because the most important feature, the touch screen! has stopped functioning.Although it is a beautiful, perhaps the best tech wise phone on the market, but these HUGE errors bring the phone to the worst possible buy, do NOT buy unless you are also willing to go through all the flaws the phone will later bring you.

Wonderful phone...bought it second hand from Amazon Marketplace for $250It came with outdate OS  WM 6.5With the help at "xda"  I was able to get:  android - Gingerbread/Froyo running with WM7 onto my phone[...]Yes I can put two OS's onto this beauty.... running flawlesslyThe phone's spec are nearly identical to phone's now coming out on the marketAll in all... a truly wonderful phone...

I had ordered this phone as I am a die hard fan of HTC Windows Phones and HD2 has had been one of the best ever produced by the company. I am sad that I chose this seller because he has made tall claims however delivered none of them. I received a shabby locked Phone not evem matching the product LISTING name forget about the description. Fortunately Amazon agreed to carry out complete refunds with no shipping charges however I still lost around $17.5 due to transaction charges on my international credit card. Still in process of solving the query from bank. Please, Do not trust this seller.

I've been waiting for this phone a long time. I looked at everything in the market and the main reason to wait for this was the snapdragon processor (1 GHz) combined with the amazing screen resolution (480x800) and the operating system.I'm a longtime user of smart phones and you can say that I'm a heavy user. I typically have multiple email accounts, use GPS for occasional driving or just for walking tours during travel, WiFi regularly during international roaming and Skype on 3G/Wifi for calls. Plus watching some videos, listening to live internet radios and pod-casts as well as use it as a media player.All the websites provide the specs, so I'll get into the plusses and minuses of the phone and my experience with them.Plusses:+ great capacitive touch screen. Very responsive. 480x800 resolution for crystal clear colors and videos+ Included Transformer movies (1&2) do a great job showing off the screen and the processor power. It's just HD video without any lags or hazy-ness. Very impressive+ comes with 16GB with only movies on it so you have ample of room for other media.+ plays live audio and video flawlessly over 3G+ HTC Sense is amazing and does a great job of hiding those Microsoft screens which you rarely get to. All the apps like email, messaging etc look much better with  Sense.+ Comes with a great animated weather screen+ very slim though a little on the heavy side+ 5.0mp Camera comes with flash which is good for close  up photos.+ charges thru PC USP port as well and has an option to be connected as a hard-drive, which is much better and faster compared to the Media Sync feature+ good battery life, lasts up a day and a half with regular 3g usage and video watching+ can be used as a WiFi Router/Access Point.+ comes with FM when you plus the head set as an antenna+ Swype app (included) as a replacement for keyboard rocks.. much faster to type with that.Minuses:- Huge screen is a plus but then you can't keep it in your Jeans pocket as it might put strain on the screen or device- even though camera is  a 5.0 MP, some pictures do tend to be grainy due to low light- Skype hs removed its support for WinMo 6.5 but the older version of apps can be found on the internet- Doesn't come with the "Wifi Router" app which basically turns your phone into a Wifi Access Point.. So you can have many people connect to your phone thru wifi and the phone provides the internet thru 3G.- Microsoft says that it won't provide Windows Mobile 7 on this device which could be a  bummer since you might see new Windows Mobile 7 devices in next few months. I'm sure you can go to XDA developer website and get yourself a WM7 rom.Other Notes:o  This phone will only get 3G on the TMobile and you won't be use it with AT&T; or any other network, for that matter, in Europe as TMO  uses 1700 as one of the band which is not used any where else. Although the Aussie version of this phone will work on AT&T;o  The above is true only for 3G while GPRS and EDGE are quad band which will work everywhere in the world.I've been using this for few days now and am very impressed with it. Haven't found any deal breaker issue so far, but will keep you guys updated.*** After few weeks- Lot of issues with getting flash player to work seemlessly with the browsers. I ended up installing flash player, plash player 10, flash lite 3.1, windows .NET compact framework to make it work and then installed the latest Opera browse, opera mini browser, Skyfire browser only to find that Flash now works in Skyfire.- Many people have stopped supporting windows 6.5 and are prepping for Windows Mobile 7 so difficult to get it working on this device. (e.g. Adobe flash player and Skype)- Different browser have different zoom in / zoom out settings which is frustrating.-- The Opera browser which comes installed has the pinch in and pinch out (expand) to zoom in /out.-- Opera 10 (new download) has click zoom in and out.-- Skyfire has its own icon where you can click on + and --- IE also has click (tap the screen) and then a slider on the right side to zoo in and out.I'd like all the browsers to support pinch in and out or atleast a common method.- Very less applications on 6.5 marketplace, for example kids learning apps are not available easily (at all?). This is due to lack of marketplace when this launched to they are scattered everywhere. The problem might be addressed with the launch of Windows Mobile 7 marketplace.

This is the worst phone I have used in my lifetime. Previously I have been using Nokia phones for years but this time I decided to buy HTC HD2 because of large screen-size. Other than screen-size, there is nothing to boast about this phone. There is some bug in message-sending part of the software which causes your message to remain stuck in the Outbox for ever and ever. The only solution is to restart your phone, go to messaging, and then try resending the message from the Outbox. Frequently, I get error messages which are unexplained even by HTC technical support. HTC support is perhaps manned by idiots who don't know anything about the phone. I wish I had not purchased this phone but, having spent over $600 on the phone, I want to justify my purchase by using it despite its poor quality of service. My advice: Avoid HTC phones completely if you don't want to have nightmares.

Yup, we've all been there. (yikes it just froze) How many cell phones have we all gone through through the years. THis review is of the standard phone, no gingerbread, froyo, rooted stuff, just the OS installed and the phone itself. I realize its a windows phone, (oh wait really fast, its frozen even more) and I realize its running a lot of apps, but still, its 2011, a phone shouldn't freeze and lag (and I have to shut the whole phone down, fifth time this week, or was it fifteen) and stall and freeze again, and international text freezes everything, and if you are surfing the web and a text comes in the whole phones locks up, the setup is mundane, the Windows marketplace is the Gigli of online Apps, absolutely $@@$^& horrendous.So here's my daily take on the HTC HD2...(wait before that let me tell you that text are coming in from last week sent in redirect back to my phone)phone is used, calls come in, phone freezes as I am texting, phone locks up, phone text people back to the phone, days after a text was sent to someone else and shows it sent again, it freezes, five days in realize its filled with more bugs then Kate Capeshaw's scene going through the tunnel in Temple of Doom. (ahhh its working)My Iphone rarely if ever froze up, when running several apps and cruising web and texting. Perhaps, like others have said, if I root it, it will work perfectly. (oh sheeesh, multiple text came in while sifting through my phone book and seems its frozen again, or lagging at best, or wait is it lagging because I'm tethering, or is it I have so many programs running, uh duh...a few text, a tether and ....)Well at any rate, with the amount of phones saturating the market, why bother with a windows phone in any way to have to deal with these hassles like trying to book last minute  on amazing concert seats and the screen freezes while making a phone call and having your credit card out to place the charge on screen and you're in a cab with five minutes to spare and it all...goes...straight...down...the...drain...Oh gosh, just picked phone up and its frozen, imagine that. Part of the screen shows an incoming text, the other the keypad for the phone......NO NO NO NO, what a hack job in a market with so many opportunities, that something this horrid, this pathetic and it truly is, was even allowed past R and D.......Bottom line: Don't call it a smart phone, because its anything but intelligent, slick, great looking and people ask about it in public, but convenient in this busy era??  LMAOYUCK

The HTC HD2 is an excellent well built phone. Equipped with an overclockable 1ghz processor you couldn't ask for more speed. I'm not sure why anyone would need a "dual core" processor on their PHONE!! ANYWAY... here are some Pros and Cons.Pros:-Very responsive Touch Screen (pinch zoom)-Beautiful 4.3 inch Display-Overclockable 1Ghz SnapDragon Processor as previously mentioned.-576MB of RAM-1GB Rom (to flash custom Roms)-Ability to flash custom Roms (ANDROID!!)-Not a HD camera but it takes beautiful color rich pictures. Go get a damn camera if you want to walk around snapping "HD" photos.-**Battery life** (With the right configuration, Android)Cons:-WINDOWS MOBILE 6.5... Enough Said-Wish it had more internal memory-Lack of Accessories (This WAS T-mobile's counter to the iPhone, but that was over a year ago so companies stopped making Cases, Screen protectors, etc. With a good search you can still find accessories just not as many as newer model phones)-Battery life (Leaving your battery up to the phone to manage is a big mistake. Believe me, your battery WILL be less than 20% in  about 5 hours of usage.)To wrap it up. Do yourself A BIG FAVOR and go to the XDA Developer's site and read up on the HD2. It is a HIGHLY customizable phone with limitless options. You can put a fully working Android OS (The Latest Gingerbread Update) on your phone in less than 20 minutes. IF you do decide to keep Windows Mobile 6.5, there are many custom ROMS for it as well. There are many fixes out there to correct some bugs like the freezing and crashing that occurs in Windows Mobile 6.5. All you have to do is read, download, and install the corresponding .cab files. You can even flash it's predecessor, Windows 7, ROM on the HD2!! Don't second guess this phone it's $300 and it performs just as good as other phones on the market. By the way, the package was delivered on time, it included a charger, USB cable, and a travel case. If you're looking for the micro SD card, I suggest you order one prior to ordering this.

hi buy this and use android on this go to xda developers forum and read and follow , there are other sites also  like cyanogen mod where you can read and install cuatom roms or other android builds on this with android on this its a big beast rumbling everyother android phone on the market in us currently.

best phone ever I have however never purchased this item  Amazon only viewed it form owning it, enough though it is a gents phone ,I love the weight in my hand,and quality, and richness it has and confidence it gives me a classic among others

HTC HD2 T8585 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, 5MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Windows Mobile 6.5 Professional - International Warranty - Blackremarkable device with excellent price, unlocked though with T mobile logo. missing sd card and headset and leather case!?? where's my money hhheeeeelllloooooo????????????I want my headset, leather case and sd card :( that's not serious!it lacks: Krusell 75460 Orbit Flex Leather Case with Ratchet Swivelkit for HTC Touch HD2 T8585 (Black) by Krusell $19.33it lacks: 3.5 mm stereo audio jack; FM Radio; Bluetooth 2.1 with Enhanced Data Rate and AD2P; Wi-Fi Router; nternet Sharing through USB or Bluetooth; Internal GPS antenna; Digital Compass; G-Sensor; Proximity sensor; Ambient light sensor; best buyit lacks: sd card

having read the other reviews on this phone i can only conclude that these are either htc or tmobile employees.  this phone is no faster than my samsung highlight or behold.  it has the worse set up as though they thought they were finished, suddenly thought of something else they could put on there and just threw it in where it would fit. trying to do something as simple as play music is next to impossible. pushing a single music icon should get you some type of noise. instead you get 3 minutes of waiting while the phone reads the SD card. and when i say waiting i mean the phone is frozen, unable to do anything. and then it for some reason decides to double up on every song and play it twice. admittedly i'm no techie, which is why i feel a little more comfortable in complaining about what should be a relatively easy way to watch movies, play music, and make phone calls turns into a 2 day attempt to load, wait, push play, wait, and then get to watch transformers. for example, the manual's table of contents, which you would think might have some sort of explanation on how to use the music player or to watch movies. while this can be figured out, i can't imagine anyone spending $400 on one of these and then having to struggle over how to use it. what amazes me more than how poorly the design of the applications is, is how people can say this is a good, some say great, phone. it's a piece of junk.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !

It works perfectly, everytiyng works fine, I will probably buy more of this phones for my bussiness. So I highly recommend this product

I bought the HTC HD2 through T-Mobile. I had to send it in for a warranty replacement 3 different times within the first 3 months of buying it. One of the times the entire phone froze up on me and I could do nothing on it, except a factory reset, which caused me to lose a lot of data and stuff I had on the phone.I think the main problem with the HD2 is the fact that it is running Windows Mobile. If you buy this phone and can switch it to the Android operating system (I know people that have done this) then it will probably be a lot better. I closed my T-Mobile account down, switched to Sprint, and bought the HTC Evo, which runs on Android. Now the Evo is an amazing phone. No software crashes, freezing, etc. It is stable and I can do SO much more. The Windows Market sucks compared to Android Market. The main screen on the HD2 that shows all the apps is annoying. You can't hide apps or arrange them how you want. That is all different on the Evo.If you are considering buying an HTC and want an amazing phone, skip the HD2 and get the Evo. You won't be disappointed.

HTC HD2 T8585 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, 5MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Windows Mobile 6.5 Professional - International Warranty - Black (Wireless Phone Accessory)I received the phone 9 days ago, the battery last for one day, it's branded T-mobile. In the box: 512mb sd memory, USB charger, USB cable, battery, phone, small user guide. Good touch screen response. Two days after I received the phone the volume down button regularly stuck, so it was impossible use the phone. I sent it to amazon and waiting for a refund. I I'm looking for another one but, I think this phone is great, so I will buy it again. Works in Honduras Tigo network.

I received mine in the end of December. A month is probably not enough to discover all bugs but so far I'm happy with the phone.First of all, it is really fast. The 1GHz processor does it's job.The screen resolution is high and the screen size is big enough to surf the web with comfort.HTC shell is something new to me (I used to have E-ten with Spb Mobile shell) but getting used to it.Cannot say that I'm impressed with the still picture quality (SE phones have better pictures with less Mpx) but video recording is relatively good. There is no button for shutter so you always have to click on the screen to take picture - not convenient.I need to charge my phone every second day - that definitely exceeded my expectations, taking into consideration fast processor and big hi-res screen.The screen uses almost full width of the body, which sometimes causes unexpected clicks when I grab the phone (slowly getting used to it). When browsing e-mails the shell has button "reply to all" on the left side and when you click it, it changes to "send". One time I grabbed the phone and it replied to all and sent an empty message to a huge distribution list. So keep it in mind and be careful ;) I hope there will be a way to protect it somehow.The phone is bigger than I expected - it's exactly the size of 12oz beer can (you can hide one behind the phone).The sound level and quality in conversations is excellent. Also, my Highlander hands-free connects very quickly with good sound level.So far I did not have chance to use built-in GPS. I don't expect anything special comparing to other similar phones.It does not have a stylus. If you turn the phone, full size keyboard is big enough but.. I think I will get a stylus. At least you need one, when you surf Internet.Overall - some little flaws, which I found so far, will not be enough to downgrade my 5 star rating. I really enjoy the phone and recommend it to others who is ready to spend [...] bucks on a gadget.

very disappointed because it was sold to me with a defective battery, i knew it was a refurbished phone but for the price i paid it should have at least had a new battery in it.  it wont charge properly and im upset about this.  im not purchasing anything from amazon any more this expericise was very upsetting.

I bought this for my brother and he said that it a great by. The sell it on my place and the difference is more than 150$!!For me, Amazon comes first.

This is my third HTC phone and it's the third time I'm totally satisfied with HTC's products. My past ones were HTC Tilt, HTC Fuze and now this one, the HD2. As a technician I always look for many things and details and this phone, in my opinion, was carefully designed, feels durable, you know: metal parts, screws (instead of crappy plastic tabs), solid and well finished. Regarding performance it's very fast and responsive, the 1Ghz processor does its job handling the OS (WM 6.5), programs, music, pictures and video in a smooth and fast way. Handling pictures with this speed and multitouch feels very good (I must not forget to mention the big, bright and beautiful screen it has). I've put some movies (divx and xvid ones) and the video reproduction is perfect, even with subtitles. Sense 2.5, the HTC's graphical user interface is well designed, practical and customizable (search the web for it), works flawlessly and it's eye candy. Phone calls's sound quality is better in my opinion than my previous phone, GPS (I use Garmin) works very well, also wifi, bluetooth didn't use yet. I loke taking pictures with this phone because you can touch in the screen the object you want to make focus on, and works. Two leds for flash (and for flashlight or torch!) gives a good amount of light. Picture quality is enough for me.Good luck!

some issues I found with the HD2:1. still photo images are not sharp at all, and have a lot of noise2. how to switch off the typing sound when writing SMS (very loud and annoying)!!3. tried to send images using Bluetooth but could not so far ! (should not be this difficult!)4. I was happy to read that it has hand writing recognition, I tried to activate it but could not.5. the screen is too sensitive !! still after two months, I make mistakes while typing (unlike iphone)6. the screen does not respond well under direct sunlight (unlike iphone)

I ordered the product online and it arrived a few days later on my door step. I was excited. I opened the box and the packaging says HD2 International version.I open the box and noticed that it was NOT the international version of the phone but the US T-Mobile branded version of the phone. I called and was told that it was unlocked. Well, there are substantial differences between an HD2 branded by T-Mobile and the International version:- The radio inside the phone do not have the same frequencies for data services- The ROM (programing of the phone) has additional software and can make your life difficult and the phone fairly unstable. I know someone who has a T-Mobile branded HD2 and he has to reboot the phone every day.- If you need software updates for the phone and you are not a T-Mobile customer, good luck!I was thankfully able to return the phone. Nevertheless, I am still waiting for my money back.... Based on my conversation with the company, I am pretty positive that they know what they are doing: ripping people off! Shamed on Amazon who support them!!!I did end-up ordering my HTC HD2 from another company. It was $200 more but I received an International one. A great phone and unlike the t-mobile branded version, it is stable, quick and reliable. They may look almost the same but it is day and night.

I prefer windows mobile than Android because I use outlook for my contacts, to write notes and android doesn't synchronize the notes. But with windows mobile, there is not enough applications for now. I hope that the number of apps will increase.
