
As a cheery T-Mobile customer, I can bring my own phone, switch the SIM card and have a reduced contract.  I save at least $25 per month (compared to the other carriers), which is quite a big deal to me.  This phone, until the iPhone makes it to T-Mobile, will do just fine.The controls and options aren't nearly as intuitive as on an iPhone, but it does what I need it to:  make calls and do the occasional text.  The sound is clear, the Bluetooth connects with my speakerphone in the car easily, and once you set it correctly, it's easy to dial within a call to hit menu options.  The slide-out keyboard works rather well, and I don't have the skinniest fingers in the world.  I can text pretty easily and I'm not a big fan of it to begin with.I would buy some kind of screen protector.  The screen is somewhat easily scratched and could use the extra help, especially if you put your phone in your pocket with your keys...ooops on my part.I would bother with any web-browsing; it's too much of a hassle.  That's what I have my iPod Touch for anyway.Overall, a good purchase, a great price (a little over a hundred), and it does what I need it too.

Phone would not charge. My son has the identical phone and we like it, could charge my battery in his phone but not in mine. If it wasn't for this problem I would give it a good rating. All I want the phone for is texting a phone calls, my sons works great for that.

The absolute worst phone I have ever owned! I am not a picky person as far as my phone is concerned but I can't even function with this phone. The calibration is constantly off and I have reset it several times. The screen is super cheep. The processor in the phone is the slowest I have ever had and I freezes on a regular basis!

keyboard is flimisly attached.  Easy to break off, especially if dropped while extended.Here are the seven more words required.

LIKE THE PHONE, BUT I HAD TO GET USE TO THE TOUCH SCREEN. WAS A LITTLE WORRIED WHEN I GOT THE PHONE BOX WAS IN BAD SHAPE AND I LOCKED THE PHONE SOME HOW. CONTACTED THE DISTRIBUTOR WHO HELP ME GET IT  UNLOCKED WITH MY CELLULAR PROVIDER.  THANKS AGAIN TO DISTRIBUTOR.

the screen was scratched and the letter y didn't work well at all.  I did receive a full refund though so I'm happy.The phone itself, is a great product.

This phone is a starter phone those who are not used to smart phones. Very flimsy and slow. Not the phone for tech savvy people.

Same phone I had , which is what I wanted. Transferred all my pics and info and its perfect. I thank you!

Purchased for 12 year old who talks and texts. No good for anything more. No Pandora or available apps. Unfortunately will have to upgrade in a few months.

The Samsung T669 Touch full qwerty keyboard T-mobile cell phone isexactly like the one that I lost last year. The seller delivered the phonefaster then expected. It came brand new in a box with everything needed andthe touch screen is way better than my old one. It's a great phone for textingnot like my funky flip-phone! Many thanks!

Pros:It does the job of making a phone call. I have no complain about the clarity of the voice given your have good signal from T-Mobile.Cons:1) Very buggy software/firmware. No upgrade, no bug fix. Applications switch not smooth. For example, when I listen to music, other applications may be deadlocked, or just not responsive at all. This has happened very often.2) Terrible UI. Not intuitive at all. In order to set a speed dial (basic convenience of a cell phone), I have to find a manual. And there's no way to play music by folders. If your mp3 tracks don't have tag info, as those I converted from CDs several years ago, you'll have to scroll the screen and pick out the songs and put them in a playlist in order to play.3) Lousy touch screen. I'm not sure this can be fixed by software/firmware update, but just don't compare with the responsiveness of an iphone or google phone.

this is not a bad little unit. i had to buy a cheap one as a backup to a broken smartphone. it was cheap but a darn good phone.

not the phone but mps dont order anything from then they r crazy and very rude .  the phone didnt work i paid to get it bsack and they said I sent a totally different phone  WHAT??

I love that the battery stays charged for days. I also like the keyboard on the phone. It has good reception and I LOVE the visual voicemail. I hardly ever check mine but now I can sort through it by checking the messages visually on the phone and listening to them individually. All of the features on the phone are really nice. It looks nice and is lightweight. Very easy to use and understand.Only negative- when you search online sometimes you can't see the information on the screen because it is too small. I don't know how to zoom in (or if there is a way to zoom in) but other than that the phone is superb.

This phone works great. So happy it still available because you can use the internet for a much lower price. The seller also provided great customer service when an accessory was not included. They promptly sent it.

I have had this phone for about a year and a half.  I have cursed it at least once every day of that time.  First and foremost, the touch screen is awful.  Most of the time it does not recognize a simple touch or selection and if you try to scroll, it either does not feel the touch or it buzzes through the whole list.  Possibly the second most frustrating aspect, also related to the touch screen, is that when I talk I either hit hold, mute, or speaker phone with my cheek.  I have tried to avoid it and consciously hold the phone away from my ear, but I still seem to hit those buttons.  Another issues, is if you need to call someone who is not programed to a number, you need to hit about 7 buttons to retrieve their number to call.  I might as well just dial their number.  This frustration is exacerbated by the touchy touch screen.  Though there are a myriad of other frustrations, I will finish with just one more.  The alarm is a nightmare.  Some designer thought it would be useful to allow the user to program a limitless amount of wake up alarms, each with a seemingly limitless amount of options within that alarm.  For each alarm you chose time (of course), days, snooze on-off, snooze duration, snooze repetition.  The last few options are the concern, because if I accidently program alarm number 5 to wake up instead of alarm 2, if I don't confirm the snooze settings I may hit snooze in the morning and it not function, function for 1 min and only come on once more, or possibly wake me up 15 minutes later.In conclusion, I hate this phone.  I hate the makers of this phone.  I hate the designers of this phone.I only use the phone for call and text.  I can't imagine it is worth a darn with e-mail or internet.  Though sometimes I accidently hit the app button to load the internet and then it takes about a minute to return.

The phone came to me beat up, scracthed up, with no charger, the touch screen didn't work... I got ripped off.

I know two other people other than who have had this phone and all three phones have completely had problems with them. Also constantly drops 3G, irresponsive, terrible touchscreen. Unacceptable especially from a manufacturer like Samsung

Delivery and packaging was quick and great.  The phone can't ever seem to get a signal especially indoors. People call or text and the phone doesn't ring most of the time .Checked, and all setting are fine. Key pad buttons stick. Touch screen doesn't work well. Please don't buy this phone cause you will definitely regret it like us.

It works as a phone like it should, sometimes it has a mind of it own. I don't really care that it isnt an awesome phone because its only temporary until I am eligible for an upgrade.

at 1st i was working fine but after awhile it started turning off on me while im using it and sometimes the touch screen doesnt wanna work

I like most everything about it. One problem I have is with the too-sensitive touch screen. Always pressing on the wrong thing. Touchy little fella. Also, too many steps to get to a phone#.

I got this same phone back in September of 2010. It was great at first and my first cellphone. It's easy to grip and hold on to. Well, in about November of the very next year, the touch screen has started messing up badly. I do admit to dropping the phone a few times and it does have a few scratches in the screen, but they wouldn't cause the touch screen to sometimes work and at other times, hit the button on the other side of the screen. The phone also often restarts when I answer a call for some reason and I can't send anyone a text unless they have first sent me a text unless I know their number by heart. Its the same with calling people. I can't delete messages most of the the time and if I get out of the messages, it normally takes me a day to three days to get the phone to let me back into the messages. To me, the phone is a waste of money and it will aggravate the crap out of you.

I was extremely happy with this purchase. It came quickly and on time. Although I purchased this item used it looked like a brand new phone. I like that the touch screen is not extra sensitive and it comes with lots of great features. Also, the camera takes great quality pics. I'm very happy with the phone and it was a steal for only $83.

My phone went swimming, and I needed a new one fast. Insurance stopped covering me after they already had to replace two phones in the past year. I came to Amazon to find a cheap but decent smart phone. The reason this phone doesn't cost much is because the quality is CHEAP. It's a way old school phone. It's slow. The first week I had it, the car charger stopped working. A few weeks later, one of the prongs broke off of the wall charger. It randomly re-starts itself.Don't make the same mistake I did ...spend a little extra money for a better phone!

I have had this phone for roughly 1 year 7 months.  It is great for fast texting; however, the touch screen became unresponsive and difficult to use within my first year of purchase.  This is a simple and user friendly phone for those using touch screen for the first time like myself, but don't expect to use this phone with ease for any longer than a year.

This is a good product for the price I paid, works very good I have no problems with the phone and my daughter was happy.

I love this phone, it was brand new in perfect condition. Even came with charger and manual. Won't  be disappointed!!

This phone is the biggest chunk of crap you can buy! I have One just as a beater phone, cause I already have an HTC 1S. This Samsung Gravity is garbage, the keyboard to text is so impacted into the phone, you can't even barely text the right words. It's a difficult phone to use for those who like using a keypad"DODGE THIS PHONE" it's a nightmare!.. Worse move I ever did! i'm going to toss this phone on craigslist and get rid of it dirty cheap! i can't stand this junk. And the touch screen is a joke, so "UN-RESPONSIVE" don't do it!. Get a Blackberry or something in that nature for the keypad, cause this one is junk.Straight up.

i got this phone and withen 5 min i was reutuning it it sucks the touch sreen dosent work its really slow overall this phone sucks do not buy this!!!!!

the cellphone doesn't work properly, and this suppose was new, they don't offer to exchange, I never ever go to buy something in that place

The software of this phone isn't that of a smartphone, but it is usable. What's disturbing about this phone is the hardware. the touch screen is terrible, the keyboard is terrible, and the back wont even fit the phone. I've only had this phone a little more than a month, and the back piece is currently chipping away piece by piece. You would think a company like Samsung would put out better quality products.

This phone works as it should, easy to text & talk. I like the slide out Qwerty keys. It is hard on the battery, 2 days tops with no use. I bought this to replace a Samsung T369. The main thing I miss on the T669 vs the T369 is the ability to block numbers. The deadbeat that had this T-Mobile number before me has bill collectors calling every day, they don't listen & keep calling!

Love this phone it is great for me because all I use it for is call, text, music and some video.

I text a TON and the full keyboard is very nice for texting. I really like the touch screen. Its not as sensitive as an Iphone but still is very nice. All in all a great phone for the price.

And, that is not just MY opinion.  I have been through 2 of them after returning the first for warranty replacement (surely this phone has to be defective, right?)  My husband had one (but quickly sold his for BB) and a close friend got stuck with one, but again quickly sold his and got a BB. All of us agree this phone was Samsung's greatest fail.Right out of the box it's a "pretty" phone, if that's all you care about.  It's clean nice lines, slider keyboard, and long battery life are about all the pros I can think of at this moment. The battery will last days and days.That being said, the touch screen is completely worthless.  It is EXTREMELY slow to respond to scrolling, sometimes not scrolling at all and other times jumping back to start point. Often when you open an app, or tap to check texts it will do it's own thing.  Sometimes it will start the (VERY SLOW) web browser without prompt or open an app you didn't select. Other times the app or icon wont respond at all to your tap.lTexting application is mediocre. The biggest downfall in this area is sometimes when you try to add your contact for sending to, the screen just jumps and won't let you scroll or select anyone.The most frustrating part to this phone is it often won't hang up a call.  It doesn't matter how many time you press the end call button, it will not hang up.  You can slide open, close, try again, tap multiple times... no response.  I have had a call on for almost a minute after ending the conversation and still can't get the call to hang up.  Might as well take the battery out at that point! Getting off the back of this phone to access the battery is ridiculous, but doesn't contribute to the functionality (or lack of it) so I won't address it.To Samsung's credit, I have dropped the phone a lot recently (because I no longer care, shopping for new one) and it still 'works'... if that's what you call it. So it takes an impact well :)Hoping to help you make an informed decision. Please spare yourself and look for another phone.

My son ordered this phone and really liked it.  Unfortunately the keyboard gave out after 10 months and wouldno longer work.  It is a good phone but the keyboard does not hold up if you do a lot of texting.

I bought this for my 11 year old daughter. It is rugged, easy to understand and use, and it holds a charge for a week. I highly recommed it for a first phone for a kid.

this phone is horrible. i've only had for a year and had to get a replacement on it. i at least got mad at it at least 5 times a month. the touch screen is tiny and the controls wont do what i want it to. it has a smart  unlock that makes you try at least 50 times to do the smart unlock. it likes to do the total opposite of what you tell it to do. the internet sdometimes times out of of nowhere. i'm now getting a new phone so i hope i really like it if i don't i rather take my mom's old flip phone than to go back to the gravity touch.

This phone is the most difficult phone with a touch screen to operate. The screen characters do not align with the screen, leaving texting to the keyboard. The screen also does not line up when using the number pad to dial. Wife seems to like it and she has fingernails, that I guess, make the touch screen more friendly for her, she can more accurately hit the right spot. I can not use this as I keep my nails short and guess my fingers are too fat. Phone seems to take long periods of time to respond when deleting e-mails and texts. T-mobile was no help in solving this problem, so stuck with it for a year.Sound quality is excellent and fits very nice in the hand.

Great buy, exactly what I expected and great condition. Decent phone for my young teen who can't seem to keep track of his things.

ive owned this phone since february(10 months). this is THE most frustrating phone! it wasnt so bad at first, not very fast and the touch screen is very delayed. as time has gone on, at least 3 out of 4 tries to connect to the web or click on a link a message pops up reading 'unexpected error', which is false. at this point it is very expected to fail. some websites are too small to read the lettering, so i try to make it bigger to read it and a message will pop up saying no internal memory. this phone is my only source of the web at home so sometimes i depend on it for certain things, and when it fails me it is VERY irritating. looking to get a new phone as soon as i can afford it. I DO NOT reccomend this piece of crap!

I ordered this phone on contract with tMobile, went through 4 replacements in less than a year. Two of the phones broke in less than a week. Do not buy it.

do not get this piece of crap unless your phone died and your desperate for a temperary replacement phone until your crappy tmobile contract is up.  im on my second one and im having the same issues i had with the first one, touch screen gets worse every day and i have to fight to get it to charge.  i had the same problems with the first one i had. this phone is horrible and should only be used as a paper weight.  i guaruntee if u get this phone you will have problems with charging it within months.

I returned this phone since we decided to get my son a different phone.It was sent quickly and It was in great condition.Thanks.

The touch screen on this phone is awful! It worked fine for a couple weeks. Because it is a pressure screen, and not an actual touch screen like the iphone for instance, it soon became very difficult to get it to perform the function I was looking for.  After about 4 months, the touch screen stopped responding completely, rendering the phone almost entirely useless.  You can still perform all of the minimal functions using the keyboard (talk and text) but even those functions become difficult without use of the screen.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  I wouldn't use another if it was gifted to me, let alone spend any more money on one.

This phone is horrible, don't waste your money. The seller was fine it was the phone I was displeased with.

this phone suck hardcore i had the phone for about a year so i know how it operate the touchscreen always messing up the 3g sucks its Really slow. my touchscreen completely stop working so its almost useless phone now. good thing it got a keyboard.

This phone, like everything else made by Samsung, is junk. The touch screen is terrible, the menu is poorly organized and the phone is just not pleasurable to use. The lack of an audio jack makes the Mp3 player useless unless one is willing to purchase an expensive bluetooth headset. The phone also came without a usb cable to connect it to my PC. In short, don't buy this phone. I can''t wait for my contract to end so that I can smash this piece of crap into little bits with a sledgehammer and ship it off to Samsung to tell them what I think of their engineering and design.

This phone is awesome i purchased it for my daughter who simply just loves it! Thank You so much Amazon.com! I rate this product A 5 star without a doubtSamsung Gravity Touch T669 Full QWERTY Cell Phone for T-Mobile Wireless Network with No Contract (Good Condition)

I've had this particular model before and it worked just fine. But the one I was sold here was very poorly crafted. the glass screen was not fully intact and the plastic used on the phone was very thin thus it broke easily.

This phone is a turd.Pros:- Battery life- Speaker phone works alrightCons:- Very counter-intuitive UI- Unable to switch to an incoming call, it tells you about the call, but gives you no options to switch- If you have a missed call there's no easy way to dismiss the message, you have to go into the call log, then switch to missed calls, then it will make the message go away- If you receive a new text message and click on VIEW MESSAGE it takes you to the last message you were looking at- Sometimes the phone takes a long time to respond to commands- Camera quality is not good, there is no flashMy advice, don't buy this phone.  I was looking for something that would be good at phone calls and good at texting, but the user interface of this phone punishes you.  We also had an issue with one of the four phones we purchased where the touch screen goes wanky after about a year.

The touch screen on this is perfectly awful. You touch an icon and instead of the app opening the screen jumps/scrolls.  It takes several tries if touching an app perfectly dead, making sure you're holding the phone perfectly still in order for the app to open.  By which time your very frustrated because you have jumped all over the place before you get to the app you want.  Not only that the wi-fi Where is that how do you enable that?  I never did figure it out. Very user unfriendly, putting the touch screen issue aside it's difficult to navigate and find what you need.

I didn't have problems with the phone...but as time went by..my phone didnt want to charge.....and it would just start to freeze..

I love this phone, Its very user friendly and I dont feel overwhelmed by it. Its my first smart phone and has been great so far and have had it about a month. The shipping was great and had it the same week I ordered it. I would recommend this to a friend.

I have had this phone for 1 year and 2 months and I have not liked it from the beginning, unfortunately I didn't realize it in time to cancel my TMobile contract and give back the phone.It constantly has "failed" texts and I have to turn the phone off and back on to get it to work again.  This happens the most when I am using the 3G network.  Why?  I have no idea, your phone does not use 3G or wireless internet to send a message but this phone will not work at least once every time I leave the wireless network and since that happens everyday in between work, commute, home, the store, life, etc... it is very frustrating and not worth the money I pay every month.I can't change my contract without being penalized, I can't upgrade the phone without being penalized, I can't cancel the contract without being penalized.This phone also freezes up and you have to do a hard turn off because it will simply stop working on a screen, it also turns itself on/off randomly.When my kids get home from school I have to call them myself because I can't rely on the texts getting through to me as evidenced by the many texts my husband sends me that I do not receive. So my children's safety could be in danger and if I get busy and can't call I would not know it.This is a terrible phone and TMobile has the worst plans and customer support.  My advise is to stay with the company you are with and learn to be happy with an extra fee here or there vs this company or phone.

While it looks good on paper and may work well in the store the first time you try it, I was quickly underwhelmed with this phone. Despite not being cheap ($100-160 online), the phone has various cheap-feeling features that really degrade the user experience. The main two noticeable ones are the laggy, consistently uncalibrated touchscreen and the very cheap feeling and too-short power cord (what would 3 more feet of cord cost, $1.50?). The screen is slow to advance regularly and will get stuck between menus, and if there is any amount of moisture at all (not talking rain here) it will not work. For example, the phone was in my pocket for a few minutes, where many people keep their phones. I took it out, and tried to click an on-screen menu. It scrolled instead.I had problems with it after only a few months. I previously had a Sidekick for 3 years(!) which was the best phone I ever owned. Not too many bells and whistles, but the interface was blazing fast, the battery life was superb, and the texting menu was a 10/10, perfect. They said this would be an upgrade and that's a laughable claim.On the plus side, the weather app is nice, call quality is pretty good, and the keyboard is decent. But the issues definitely put it in the "won't buy again" category, which says enough.

I have had my phone for several months and I am happy with it. The touch screen is a little stiff if you compare it to an Ipod touch so if you like a sensitive touch screen this phone is probably not for you. However if you are like me and tend to stuff the phone in your pocket the stiffer screen is actually nice. I like the keyboard and the shortcut keys at the bottom of the screen. The Camera is great. i have an Ipod touch and I don't use the MP3 player so I can't comment on that. However the phone has good ring volume and sound quality. I have also dropped the phone several times and the phone wasn't damaged the back didn't even pop off. The battery can go about 3 days without being charged. I would recommend this phone for someone who wants a phone with a few extras.

The phone is cute, and that's all thats good about it.There is no way to manually calibrate the touch screen, and the way the manufacturers set it sucks!! You touch one app but chooses another, it's a hassle trying to work this thing! It takes lots of tries to get the app you need. There is so many more bad things with this phone, but I'm just going to end this now short and to the point,--- read the other reviews, don't waste your money, this phone is horrible---worst phone I ever owned in my 14 years of being a mobile phone user!!!!!!!!

I got this phone when I switched to T-mobile because I wanted a QWERTY keyboard.  I have had the phone for a year and a half and it has been great.  My main complaints are that the touch screen can be annoying sometimes and it takes FOREVER to delete old text messages.  My biggest issue though (which is why I just purchased a new, different phone) is that after only having the phone for a year and a half, the screen has died on me.  It comes back on every once in a while, but I cannot leave it on for long periods of time without the screen turning fuzzy and yellow before completley blanking out.  Unless you buy an extended warranty, don't plan on the screen lasting for more than 2 years.

I previously owned this same phone when just after the warranty ended, the touch screen stopped working. I ordered this new one and it was brand new and just what I was hoping for. The battery life on this phone can't be beaten (although I don't use the internet on it) and it does everything I need it to! It also arrived quicker than I had expected!

I did not care how heavy it was, until the phone started to malfunction . One day away from warranty that it was what save me!

This phone is okay but I absolutely hate the touch screen. It's very unresponsive. The only thing I like about it is the keyboard. I'm currently trying to buy a different one.

Thanks so much, got it on time and she loves.  Has not put it down yet... I would re-order from you again for a phone if and when needed.

I have had this phone before, so I was excited to receive it in the mail because I knew what to expect. I did buy the phone used, but did not expect it to be as used as it was. There was still photos in the phone, the packaging it was sent in was open, the screen is extremely scratch and the touch screen doesn't work that well. I would defiantly not recommend ordering a used phone by this person.

This phone was pretty awful.  The touch screen was not good to begin with, but then the touch area shifted, and then failed completely.

Got this phone for my sister cause her's was really out of date. Its a great phone for now. Calling is good. Texting is good. Does what its suppose to do. So I'm pretty happy with it.

This seemed like it would be a great simple upgrade for my daughter who had the old-school Gravity touchscreen without data.  Unfortunately, when we tested out the sound quality on outgoing calls, we ran into the same problem she's been dealing with on the old Gravity--TERRIBLE outgoing sound while talking.  Just like the old one, this new phone is TOTALLY MUFFLED and quiet-sounding to the caller on the other end.  A huge deal-breaker for us when you have to repeate every word 3x.

This phone was scratched up and the charger wasn't even the right one for the phone. I hope I get my money back on everything even my shipping.

Had 1st one replaced under warranty within six months after it stopped receiving messages, dropping calls and not receiving calls while receiving full strength signal, the touchscreen also stopped working and was forced to use arrows on keyboard to navigate. Replacement worked stellar for six months, until 1-2 days out of warranty, and began doing exactly the same B.S..  I have owned 4-5 Samsung phones over the years, this garbage was the last!

i liked becouse is so esdy to use  and has a grate camera an a bery good sound bery good life batery no buts  by your own you be glad you ded

This was the first touch screen phone i have ever had, so maybe my opinion doesn't count, BUT, I like it. I've had mine for 2 years and have dropped the thing many times. Yes it freezes for a second or two sometimes, and yes it lags a bit here and there, but over all, I don't have an issue with mine. :)

I've had a Samsung Gravity of one kind or another for about 5 years and always been pleased. Until this phone. This phone is really terrible. The touch screen works about 40% of the time, and there's a horrible delay when it does work. And a strange buzzing as you scroll. The battery cover is so cheap if you just let the phone rattle around in your purse it'll get scratched and cracked. A very regrettable purchase on my part.

I got this phone a few months ago, and before that I owned a samsung intercept. I was so in love with my previous phone that I did not want to give it up just to switch carriers but the monthly bills were too much for what little I was getting. I searched far and wide for a phone that was close to mine and was pleasantly surprised with the Gravity. It has many of the features of my old phone that I adored; sturdiness, good camera, user friendliness, etc... I also received some pretty sweet bonuses that my old phone didn't have like voice recognition that I could speak normally to while still being understood perfectly and way faster web browsing. Plus once I start typing someones name or number to call them the phone fills in the rest for me. Once I'm calling that person, the screen turns off once it's close to my face but lights back up if I take it away from my ear giving me access to some pretty cool buttons (speaker mute headset dialpad and add call) that can even make it so I can put someone on speaker and then text someone else or browse the web or send an email. I have also neglected to mention the coolest feature, the one that allows me to use my phone as a mobile hot spot without downloading anything or tampering with it, it came with it out of the box. For all the gamers out there let me put this in perspective. I could play WoW with NO lag whatsoever. So basically I can ditch my internet bill and pay 40 bucks a month for unlimited everything, including data. So yeah, I kind of seriously love my phone.

Bought two units . One worked for two weeks, another for three weeks. Cases cracked, earphone speaker died. Guess we got a bunch of bad units.

This is the second Samsung that disappointed -couldn't easily access email even though my plan includes data - very frustrating@#!!

For the most part I like this phone.  I wasn't going to use the Internet capabilities but I think I pushed the wrong button and got signed up.  The touch screen is a little quirky; when I try to scroll it takes me to whatever area I'm touching to move the screen.  As with most other phones of this type, the screen disappears in daylight and I have to find a dark shadow to read the screen.  I'd rate this phone B to B-.  For the money it does a good job.

For the price and the convienience of not having to get a data plan which i can afford right now,,,, the phone is awsome. Great touch Screen features.
