
I bought the phone under new, but there were two little scratches on it. If this was a phone i really wanted, like and iphone or something posing as new when it should be stated as"like new" i'd be very upset. However besides that phones good, came with everything it said it would, and is a good emergency phone.

I bought this probably a good 3 weeks ago or so.  My first touch screen phone and it's really nice.  Some people don't like how u always have to unlock it, yet i enjoy knowing that it's always secure and i can't push any buttons by mistake when it's in my pocket and it unlocks very easy !  It has tons of features, going to buy one for my wife in the near future.  It's nice to get a great phone and not have to worry about entering a contract.  I have a service plan w/ AT&T, i don't use it as a go-phone, if u have a contract w/ AT&T, simply put your SIM card from your old phone into this phone and it's that easy, just make sure u save your contacts and stuff to your sim card before u switch it over.  Great phone, great deal !!

Fast shipping, the phone was perfect even if the box was different, black without logo T-mobile. There was no manual instruction and only the charger( no cable USB -pc. Anyway, it works with sim card T-mobile and since my daughter had already accessories from the previous one/stolen in H.S.So it's good.

I originally ordered this phone for my Mom, since I have the same thing and know very well how to work it. But in the end, she decided to go for a different type. So in the end, I decided to keep the phone and replace my old one, which had a couple of issues going on with it. This phone was as described by the seller in that it was used, but in like new condition. I was very happy I was able to keep and use this phone, as I like the style a lot and was familiar with all its workings. The price I received for it was wonderful, and I very much appreciate the sellers honesty in presenting this product as it really was. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase, even though I didn't originally intend to get it for myself.

pretty solid phone for those that don't need the net on their phone.  Nicely laid out keyboard.  Screen is somewhat large and bright.  Phone overall seems quality made.  Tmobile seems to have the best texting plan in prepaid.  Virgin mobil is very good also.  I had an LG optimus V, but honestly I am glad to not be on the internet all the time...so this one will work

I think your cell is as good as your carrier. Well to say that T-Mobile is good it's sound like a joke. The phone itself is not bad considering the price .

I had the LG Vu as a replacement phone and well that messed up after a couple days so I had to get a new phone, my dad had already bought the Prime so I decided to go with it and I am happy that I did... it should last me until after the first of the year when I can get the new Blackberry Tourch. Its not a smart phone its a basic touch screen phone, I haven't had a problem with it not recognizing what I am doing and its decently fast on the internet with only edge on there. Over all if you aren't looking for something that is really fancy and can do a million things at once then you will really enjoy this phone, and its great for teens at the price they sell it at (oh btw the $50 air time minutes translates into 150 minutes if you have a regular at&t plan it will add it to your anytiime minutes.

I have had this phone for about 6 months now.  It's great.  I don't have a data plan, or ever try to use in the internet on it.  I wouldn't get this if that is what you are looking for.  I just use it to make calls, check my voice mail, and text.  And it does all those things great.  I like the slide out key board, although it took me a little while to get used to it.  I really have no complaints.  It does everything I need it to do, and it really pretty durable.  My 18 month old has thrown it on the tile many times.  Again, I recommend it if you are looking for a phone for making calls, and texting.

The phone is excellent.  Depending on cell coverage area around you, this phone gets adequate service.  The only problem I have is with the internet it doesn't really work right and it keeps canceling the web2go.  But overall it's a decent phone to use as prepaid.

I have been wanting this phone for years. I finally bought it for my 18th birthday thinking I had finally gotten the phone of my dreams...but I was wrong.When I recieved the phone, it was poorly packaged. It looks like it has been used and I got the wrong charger with it.I asked for a new one and they did send it out eventually. I turn the device on to find that they have overridden T-mobile's firmware to "Fido" aswell as taken some original features off. You have to manually enter in the WAP, MMS, and GPRS settings in order for the picture messaging and internet to work properly. There is also no warranty.To me, the only thing positive about this phone is the customer service I've gotten along with it. Everything else...it's managable, but definitely not desirable.

i ordered 2 days ago after business hours. my products shipped the following day and i already received them today. i am impressed and quite pleased with their service. i would recommend them in the future as well as use them for future requirements, should they arise.peace out, and let's go Notre Dame, beat USC! ;-P ha ha ha

I was already using AT&T Pay As You Go. If you are, make sure you follow the instructions with the phone. All I had to do was charge the battery, then insert the SIM card from my old phone in the LG Prime. It recognized it immediately and within a few minutes I had a text message that the $50 airtime was added to my current balance. Super easy!! I really like the phone, it is my first touch screen. I'm still getting used to it, especially how much pressure to apply to scroll through lists. On one of my first texts I accidently sent the message to 2 people because I didn't realize I touched more than one when scrolling through my contact list (luckily it was nothing I regretted sending to a person it was not intended for!!). Really like having a full keyboard for texting. The camera is nice, but I wish there was a zoom capability. Like others, I don't like the fact that the keyboard locks so fast. Most phones I have used before will allow touching any button to accept a call even if the keypad is locked. Unless I'm doing something wrong, you always have to unlock before you can even answer the phone. So if you're getting to your phone close to the last ring or so, you'll probably miss the call trying to unlock and answer. For the price it has some really great features. I love the sticky note widget that I can pull on to the screen - great for appointment reminders. All in all, I really like the phone and would recommend it for anyone looking for a very reasonably priced touch screen phone.

If you're planning on getting a prepaid with T-Mobile, just buy the phone. Keep in mind that the activation will take at least 24 and up to 48 hours to get into the system. DO NOT purchase the refill cards on line, don't purchase the card with the phone. Get your cards from a T-Mobile store (not at Best Buy) because the online store might send you an invalid refill card and it's almost impossible to get the problem fixed (Best Buy will tell you to call the customer care line if they can't replace the card for you). Using the online refill is probably a better way to go, provided you have a credit card.Keep in mind also that the pre-pay customer care and regular T-Mobile service centers are two different places (you will be bounced from the regular customer care center to the prepay center, be prepared to spend 30 minutes to an hour with them to fix problems). Also, if you use your prepay phone to try to get problems fixed, it might eat your minutes if you get the wrong number. Being bounced back in forth between sales, customer care and prepaid customer care or tech support eats up 10 to 15 minutes of airtime, each, if you call the 800/877 numbers. And you don't get reimbursed.Use a different phone to deal with customer care. Just a warning.

I had a month to month account with ATT and I was not looking forward to start a new contract with a mandatory data plan of $30/mo on top of the regular voice service, but I still wanted an upgrade on my current nokia standard phone, I wanted to be able to take/send/receive pictures, I wanted a key board for texting and I wanted a music player with a regular head phones jack. This phone gave me all of the above, for $80 and no need to signed a new contract.Now, you need to be very patient with this phone, it is slow as melasa, it has all kinds of features but it doesn't excel at anything that it does. So it feels like a teaser, it can do many things but you have to work with it and accept its limitations.1. Size, this phone almost look like a bar phone, skin and slim, perfect shape, I hate those square huge smart phones that can not fit in any pocket.2. It has never frozen on me, one time it was getting to slow on a task, I just pressed the return buttom and held it and it quit what it was doing and woke right up so no issues there.3. Speed it is hurrible, if you click on the music player, it takes for ever to load the song list, or if you trying to view pictures, it will take for ever to load the pics thumbnails.4. Excellent texting phone, I love the virtual key board on the screen, no issues there, other then it has no smily faces, so forget about including smiley faces on your text messages.5. Battery life is okay if only used as a phone to take random calls, but if you text a lot during the day, the phone won't last a whole day, I have to have a charger every where I am, home, car and office.6. Data cable, the phone can be connected to a computer to upload/download info from the memory card or phone internal memory, but it is not reliable, 3/4 of the times my computer refuses to recognize the phone and I actually have to reboot my computer to stop the anoyance of the pop up windows about your USB device not working properly, so I have seen it work, just doesn't work all the time. The good thing is that you can still charge the phone when connected to the PC even if it can't communicate with the pc.7. You can only have one alarm, not multiple alarms as on my last phone.8. Ringing formats can not be as customisable as my last phone, you get 3 choices and that is what you get, ring and vibrate, vibrate or silence.9. Not as easy to put lock the phone for security with a password, my last phone I used to press the down arrow key and that would lock the phone, on this phone I have to go through all kinds of menu to do the same thing, not fun.10. The phone does lock the keys automatically when a call comes in, that is a pain even when listening to the voice mail and trying to erase a message, by the time you get the keypad back, it is too late to press 7 to delete the voice mail and you might delete the next message, what a mess.11. Music player, I like it, speaker phone does its job, but when connected to the car system or to a headphones, it has no base, it produces a tin foil sound and it does have some EQ presets that are useless, I change it from one to the other but it doesn't do anything to the sound.12. The touch screen, I like the resolution of the screen, I have loaded images from my regular camera and they look good but load very slowly, so viewing the screen is fine. The problem is this is a touch screen phone only, there are may things that can only be done via the touch screen which is not very accurate or sensitive. For example, pull up the music list, in order to scroll throught the houndreds of songs, if you don't press the screen enought it won't scroll down, but if you press it to hard, it will select the wrong song, so it is frustrating, they should had included a separate scroll bar.13. The camera images are okay, just not stellar but good enought to proof a point.14. The phone number directory, some of the interface is very weird, makes no sense, who ever designed the interface of this phone did not have a very intuitive mind so it is hard to follow along or understand how to do certain things.15. If somone send you a picture via text, it won't display it right away, first you have to switch from the conversational format to the standard text format so that you can get the option to down load the picture. Once the picture is down load, the phone beeps as if it has received a new text, when you open that new text it goes back to the conversational format so that you can see the picture and if you want to save the picture to memory, then you have to go back to the standard text mode to get the option to save the picture, very ackward and out of this world to just see a picture or any other file that might be attached to a text, too much trouble.16. And it has other anoyances like that, some of which I might be forgetting, but just be aware that you might be mad at this phone or frustrated with its interface and way of conduction business.So, if you don't mind the mandatory data plan and 2 years agreement, for $80 I would instead recommend the htc Aria or the old iPhone that ATT is now offering at a discount, those two would serve you much better then this wanne be little phone full of issues and weird behaviours...Enjoy it if you can, I will be switching to a better phone as soon as I can.

Bought this phone because my old phone broke. Great for txting and overall good for the price

I dropped it many times it had survived toilets and sinks and asphault out of a car. I have been using it for a good 2-3 years then I eventually upgraded.

I had gone through several phones before coming to this one. Previous phones stopped working for unknown reasons, broke entirely after a couple drops. I did a lot of reading reviews before choosing this one and it lived up to the reviews. It is a simple phone but my needs were 1)calls 2)sturdiness  and 3)occasional texts. It is perfect for that. My only complaint was that the space bar key after about a year wasn't as reliable and I had to press it a bit harder to make sure it would work. The key problems are the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars. The phone lasted a long time and recently konked out only after being submerged in water.

Using phone as replacement for broken (contract) phone. Popped in old SIM card into new phone, and new phone works fine. There are several stickers and notices NOT to use the NEW provided (pay as you go) SIM card if you want to use the phone as a replacement on contract. After using old SIM card, got a text an hour or two later saying that airtime credit was done. As mentioned elsewhere, this is only an entry-level touchscreen phone... nothing too fancy, but works well for me.

I think for the price it's pretty much unbeatable. I looked around for awhile and settled on this phone. I like it a lot and haven't had any problems at all. The battery life is really good, I text  a lot but don't make many phone calls. The camera isn't great but it does the trick. The QWERTY keyboard makes texting much quicker. Obviously it's not a smart phone but it works well at what it does. Overall I like it and have told friends to get it if they are low on cash and want a decent phone.

Nice phone for the price and I didnt have to use the new sim. I put the old AT&T PAYG sim and the $50 was credited to my account. Battery does last 4-5 days with minimal usage.

this phone pocket dials most of the time and the keypad wears out and slides the wrong way and screws up the keypad

In general this is a good, fairly basic phone with a slider QWERTY keyboard. The battery life is good and sound quality is fine. I've dropped the phone many times and it still functions just fine, which is great. Basically it is a good basic phone for the price.There are a couple things that have come standard on other basic phones I've had that this one is lacking, and they are kind of annoying (but not a deal breaker at this price):- You can't customize any of the hot keys on the phone.- You can't customize the alarm volume to be a different volume than the ring tone. For me this is a pain in the butt because with previous phones I have turned the ring tone down very quiet over night, but keep the alarm at a normal volume so that I can actually hear it. However, if you want to be able to hear your alarm in the morning you had better be prepared to be woken up if a drunk friend or someone from another time zone texts you in the middle of the night. Bummer.I'm giving it 3 stars out of 5 because it meets expectations (a good cheap phone), but does not exceed them. There is nothing here to blow you out of the water, but there are no major downfalls as well. The minor frustrations I mentioned above keep me from giving it 4 stars, but maybe those items will not bother you at all.

After having it for 4 days I can say I like this phone alot. Easy to use and just the right amount of functionality for my purposes. Which are limited to a little bit of texting and providing a way for my staff to reach me when I'm away from the office. I would recommend this as a nice basic phone.

I am extremely hard on my phones. In early 2011, I dropped one phone in a glass of soda, and within 3 months my second phone's LCD screen cracked under the screen. Neither were covered under our insurance plan. I needed a phone ASAP, so I went to the store and bought this phone the same day for $80.This phone has been dropped, kicked, stepped on, sat on, thrown, tossed, dropped in puddles, and somehow survived over 12 months now. The LCD isn't cracked, the screen isn't damaged and all the buttons are still there and functional. Today I dropped this phone off a second story balcony and watched it land on cement, sending pieces everywhere. The phone survived with only minor cosmetic damages to the case.The phone itself is a standard QWERTY keyboard. If you call and text all the time, and need a phone that is virtually indestructible (I should mention that I do not have a case for my phone) then this is the phone for you. I do not have an internet plan on my phone, so I cannot comment on that.

I have had this phone for about 3 years, and it is still going strong. I have dropped it multiple times with just a few very tiny tiny dents to show for it, I have accidentally dropped it a bucket of water (it was probably in there for a minute or two before I realized it) and the phone wasn't phased at all (however, I do not recommend doing this lol), etc. I mainly use it for texting, and the keyboard is my best friend. The keyboard is small, yes, but it was quick to adapt to. Highly recommended!

I really like the appearance and design of the phone. This inexpensive touchscreen cell is easy to use and light-weighted.However the call quality is simply terrible. For example, I kept dropping phone calls and having trouble hearing the callers clearly. Sometimes the phone malfunctioned so badly that all phone calls would directly go to my voice mail without ringing (I tried it), and all text messages turned in to random characters that I'm not smart enough to decipher.I'm not sure if the problems are caused by ATT or this phone. Either way, I had to return the phone for a different one.Despite these troubles, I'm still very glad that Amazon warmly understood the situation and issued full refunds. Thanks.

This is a simple yet sturdy phone. It is actually the second one I have bought. I bought it to replace a fancy-shmanzy touch phone that lasted for less than a year. So far every touch phone I've had, survives for about 12 to 16 months and goes dead. I'm sticking with these non-touch phones for the foreseeable future.

Dropped my last one in the toilet so this was a replacement and was exactly what I expected: Inexpensive, basic, few bells or whistles. It has a decent camera, able to text and email, and limited web access.  It arrived with the wrong charger, but I was finally sent the correct charger after communicating with Inventory Planet. The battery died after 2 months, but Steve from Inventory Planet contacted me and said he'd send a replacement battery. Despite the problems, the seller stood behind his product and made good on everything and I'm quite satisfied with this inexpensive little phone.

I bought this phone when my contract was up with T-Mobile so I could switch to a no-contract plan with them.  I just want to talk and text, and this replaced a bare-bones phone.  The price couldn't be beat and I had it in 4 days.  The talk quality is fine. It's lightweight and pretty slim.  I love that it has a slide-out keyboard for texting, although I have to press pretty hard on the space bar for it to work.  It's also hard to do caps or any "alt" function - it seems to lag and not always work right.  I haven't gone on the web with it so I can't speak to that, and I rarely use the camera but that seems to be OK.  The only thing that drives me crazy is that I have to keep the touchpad locked because any movement in my purse was pushing random numbers/buttons on the phone.  Then every time I want to do anything I have to unlock it (which is only a couple of keystrokes, but still).  My old phone was a flip phone so I never had this problem.  All in all, it does what I need it to do and I love the freedom of my month-to-month cheap plan.

I loved this model phone and so when my old one died, after three years faithful service, I really wanted another one.  This one came early and works better then my old one ever did.  Thank you very much :)

When I discovered this phone, I was looking for something cheap that had a full keyboard so I could text my friends.It's a prepaid phone, but I put in the Sim card from my old phone and it worked perfectly with the old service. I was able to keep my old cell phone number and all of my contacts. The phone has a few wallpapers and ringtones, but when I bought it, I couldn't find any more due to the fact that the phone was practically brand new to the market. That also meant I couldn't download free games or apps for it. Still, this phone is really great and reliable for being so cheap.After a while, I did notice that the phone's sliding mechanism was getting a bit wobbly, but I'm not worried about it. It's not really a big deal. The phone still has a pretty good battery life, even though I've had it, I believe, since August, and I frequently forget to charge it. The sound quality isn't great when you're listening to music, but I've never had any trouble when I was actually talking to someone. Most of the time, people's voices come in pretty clear. The games and apps that the phone came with were pretty fun, and I ended up buying one because it was so addicting. The screen is very clear and has great quality, but the phone only has two themes, black and white. The phone also has IM, supporting Yahoo!, AIM, and Windows Live.In short, there's not really a whole lot to complain about or talk about with this phone. It's pretty nice for the price, and it works great when it comes to the features I bought it for. I really recommend this phone.

I bought this cellphone march 2011 and it just broke without any apparent reason, since the warranty does not cover it any more I will have to spend some bucks getting a new one. Do not buy it. Additionally some keys stopped working a month ago....

I don't like this phone.  It doesn't sync well - no PC application.  It selects the item under my finger when trying to scroll the touch screen.  There are too many apps\icons from ATT that you won't use and the neat stuff you'd like to use - tip calculator, etc - are buried too deep in the menus to be of use.  Limited number of themes.  Very little customization available.If you want a touchscreen phone that syncs to your PC, spend a bit more $ and buy something else.

Wow, an absolute wonderful phone.  It has everything I needed and then some.  There isn't much I could say bad about it, except that it could have a little more customization and a not so sensitive microphone.  It made my voice sound a little fuzzy on the voicemail...  Otherwise, this is a great starter phone if you mainly just want to talk and text, along with a few extras.

So here's the run down:-overall the phone has a very cheap plastic feel to it. I've had it for about a month and a half and it looks like i've been carrying it for a year(there's visible wear on the back cover as though some of the coating has rubbed off)-The alarm sound is practically inaudible-it's basically useless because it won't wake you up-there is literally one ring tone-the camera isn't bad but you can't run the software for the phone with Windows 7. So instead I put the USB connection as "storage mode" and have been using a microsd card that is visible on my computer when I plug the phone in. But for some reason it's no longer visible when I connect the phone. But the geniuses that designed this phone thought it would be a great idea to put the microsd slot under the back cover which is obviously a pain to open every time I want to transfer pics from the microSD to my computer-the qwerty keyboard is a bit uncomfortable to use since the buttons are flat...The call volume and clarity aren't terrible though...they're just okay...

Have had mine for 4 years! 2 years ago, I dropped it in a puddle and didn't find it till 3 days later. I had to break it out of ice to retrieve it. I dried it out real well and it worked like new. I have dropped it countless times and although the back has popped off and battery came out, I was able to pop the battery back in snap the back on and BAM, worked like new. It's very easy to use. The buttons on keyboard are small so that can stink at times and the internet is slow but okay in a real pinch. Battery lasts for 3 days with normal use and charges in like 35 minutes! =) I have never been happier with any phone.

This phone is a good deal its not the newest or super fancy but gets the job done and the keyboard is great for texting. Wife broke her old phone and did not want to extend coverage with t-mobile our contract ends in may so we just got this one on the cheap and transferd her sim card (worked no problems).

IT does whats supposed to do  phone calls and texting its the best quality of this humble simple device, highly recommended.

This cellphone is a joy to use compared to my two previous cellphones.  The operation booklet of directions is written in precise English and is easy to understand.  The phone is lightweight and has push button action.  No more finger swiping, floating, changing screens. I am a very pleased customer.

I got this LG to replace the nice Samsung Go Phone I had. ( I gave that one to my husband) .. This is so much easier for me to navigate. Bigger screen. Better voice quality. All in all... It's a KEEPER!

I'm not a savvy, spec oriented user so this review relates as such.  I bought this phone for it's basic call and texting features and inexpensive price.  I got what I paid for.  The QWERTY keyboard is tiny, even for my small fingers, and key spacing is cramped.  Both outgoing and incoming calls were dropped 80-90% of the time.  My husband and I are with the same carrier so we tested calls at the same time to see if it was a carrier issue and found it was this phone.  This was definitely a learning experience.

This phone is the worst one I have ever owned!  Yes, it is definitely durable, because I have had it for over a year now and it still works fine.  However, it pocket dials like you would not believe.  It has done a whole load of funky stuff to me.  It pocket dials and opens up my phone book in my pocket more times than not.  It has opened up the web browser in my pocket as well.  It has blocked numbers in my phone book, deleted numbers from my phone book, AND has even deleted numbers and swapped names (like, it deleted "Mom" and changed the name from "Uncle Mark" to "Mom," so when I dialed Mom, I got Uncle Mark.  Who wants a phone to do something like that, and what were to happen if it were someone of importance that my phone pocket dialed...like my job?! I am actually blown away that this phone actually received good ratings on here. Avoid getting this phone, as it is terrible!QUICK EDIT - Yes, it is VERY DURABLE, as I just got extremely angry at it and threw it against the wall...and it still works!

This is a superb basic cellphone.I bought this phone for 2 reasons: Qwerty slide-out keyboard to type text-messages.And: the fact that it is a GSM Quadband phone that can be used overseas.I have had this phone for over 1-Year now and it does everything I expected it to do.I just purchased a second one for back-up, in case this one becomes unavailable for purchase.Charging the phone takes very little time, in comparison to other basic cellphones.I purchased this phone used and the purchase price seemed very reasonable.

Not a smart phone, however definitely a phone smartly made. It has great qwerty keyboard which I love the texture of. I also like the design, it looks very nice. The phone also lasted me 2 full years and still is in perfect condition. I dropped it in a lake, dropped it in snow, flew out of my hand and hit the wall, and went through many things but still works fine. The battery life is very durable too. If you're not looking for a smartphone but a good phone which can last you a while I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!

Needed a phone to let me text better than the standard one that I had. This is great sience it has a slide that has a keyboard. Works great, well worth the price.

I'm a pretty cheap person and this phone was perfect for me.  I don't want to sign a contract and with this prepaid phone my bill is about $250 for a years worth of cell phone usage.  Even if you have a phone, this would make for a perfect second phone for emergencies.  Tmobiles service isn't anywhere near as good as Verizon but they don't offer great deals for prepaid users.

well, considering my only "must have" for my new cell phone was a qwerty keyboard, I'm very pleased with this phone.  I don't read the manual, but this phone was pretty easy to figure out.  I actually purchased the same phone from t-mobile's website for $20 more and I returned that.  So I was VERY pleased with price as well.

This is a great basic phone. Qwerty board is handy & easy to use. Long battery life after each charge. Speaker is nice & loud too.

I am not happy with this phone. I mainly text, so these gripes relate to texting:1. When sending a text you can't type in the name of the contact and have it looked up. In the To: field you either type the number, or you have to press options, Add recipients, contacts, then you type the name of the person for a lookup, ok, add.2. It will only store 230 texts despite the user manual saying it will store up to the limit of shared storage. It actually means it will store to the limit of the smaller of those two. Texts are separated in inbox and sent box rather than being sorted by person.3. The letter keys are squishy and if you don't hit the center the key won't register4. You have to type alt before each number in a text because there are no dedicated number keys on the keyboard.5. We bought two of these. My phone won't let me make groups of contacts but the other one will. I have done a master reset on my phone and still no go. I presume it's a software corruption.6. You cannot download text tones whereas you can download ringtones.7. The icon which means you have voicemail is almost always on. I call voicemail and there are no messages and the icon turns off for a few minutes, then it turns on again.8. The sequence to unlock is to push two buttons that are next to each other. Consequently if you put it in your pocket it will frequently unlock itself and pocket dial. I have not found a suitable case that will prevent this.

actually i didnt buy this on amazon but at target for about 90 bucks.its a great phone no bells and whistles ,sturdy and nice camera but the video sucks so pixalated  you cant really video tape anything clear but if you want a video buy a camcorder.also the nice thing about this phone i didnt have to talk to any customer service person just a step by step recording on how you want to set up your account.but i think if you buy online you have to talk to someone because at target they scan the phone on the register.but a nice beauty of a phone ,have for a couple of years still going strong and your minutes wont expire for a year if you keep adding minutes so often .buy this phone its great.

Very poor QWERTY keyboard. Mushy, flat keys without a dedicated row of number keys requiring ALT for every number. The poor quality of the keys (i.e., mushy and flat) makes for a a very large number of typos and miss-strokes. Very annoying and very time consuming. Any reviews that speak highly of this phone's QWERTY keyboard should be very suspect.

This is a good product.  The keyboard is easy to use.  Very few missed keys.  Good features on this phone.  Buy the rubberized protective case and screen protector with this product.

I've owned this phone for about 7 months now (since Christmas) and overall I've been generally quite pleased with it.  Texting on the phone is very smooth and enjoyable, and call quality is fine as well.  My only gripe with this phone had to be with the phone's build quality; after a good half a year, the phone was not able to slide back into its original closed position and the back half of the phone protruded a bit.  Also, it's very easy for a small rock, pebble, piece of turf (I'd often bring my phone to my soccer games), or any other small object to fit between the two halves of the phones, especially when you slide it open.  This causes the phone's sliding function to become less smooth and more grinding the longer you use it.  And from time to time, I'm not sure why, the phone would not receive or even register an incoming call from someone, which can be very problematic at times.  All in all, however, for the amount that I paid for it, I'm pretty pleased with how the phone has served me so far.  Now I'm planning on buying myself the Nokia X2, mainly because of its similarity to Blackberry phones.Texting:  5/5Call Quality:  4/5Reception:  4/5Durability:  3/5Features:  2/5Overall:  4/5

Phone has worked great, screen is easy to read, Buttons on front are too small, Would have really liked larger buttons but all cell phones seem to be made for people with micro fingers.

I got this phone literally three days ago. I was ecstatic since my current phone is falling apart and is just a flip phone. I love the keypad and the T9 mode is much better than on my old phone. Lightweight, comfortable. However, today it locked up on me so badly that I have now removed the battery and my SIM card, and I'm using my old phone again. This slider phone won't even let me select anything. It just buzzes because I got a text, and then a minute later the text shows up but I can't click it. The screen won't rotate, I can't do anything. It will only turn off and back on. I've tried resetting it four times, and it just stays locked up. I hope I just got a faulty one, because I was counting on having this phone for a while. I really liked it, but now I'm very disappointed.Plus my battery was already down to 1/5 bars this morning (before the lockup), and I've only made one phone call in the last two days. I only text and not very often.Just keep this in mind while buying this phone. Your odds may not be in your favor.

I accidentally wrote the criticism of this phone, on the purchase I made of the outer shell, or casing for this phone. Read that, but I wouldn't advise buying this phone....it has its own mind, turns on and off by itself (not pocket dialing, mind you), among about five other issues.

I have been using it for the past 3 years. It's been rained on, dropped many times, including being dropped on asphalt and concrete, and yet... it still works fine! The keyboard is VERY useful for texting. I didnt want to deal with a smartphone yet... so this &#34;Not-so-smart&#34; phone has been my choice.

I had an Lg touchscreen before this. It was a peice of crap. This phone is awesome. It was so easy to learn! Everything is great quality too. Slider is really good. I have not had one problem yet. The phone looks cool too. The back looks carbon fiber. I actually got a plan for this instead of prepaid from walmart. T mobile is great!

Its good phone,back cover broke first day I got it. But they sent me new back with in one week. Just differen't from my last phone getting use to it,took about week.

it is a great phone! but when u r sending a message sometimes it still goes throw when you cancel it but resend it just in case

For under $80, this is a good phone.  If you compare it to an iPhone, it is NOT a good phone.  I bought it, unlocked it, and am using it with T-Mobile.Touchscreen works pretty well, but sometimes I have trouble texting because my fingers are pretty big.  That might get better as I get more used to the phone, I've only had it for 10 days or so.Call quality is real good, had no problems there.I think this phone is good for someone who wants to use it as a GoPhone (as it's intended), someone who is looking for a real simple phone and doesn't want internet (internet capable, but only EDGE), or someone who is looking for a phone to use until their contract runs out.I myself, plan to use this for a few months to buy some time until I can switch carriers.  I give it 5-stars because it will blow most, if not all, non-contract phones under $100 out of the water.

My daughter has had this phone for more than a year and is happy with it.  The only reason I'm posting this review is because I am going to get one of these for my wife, and while looking at a few of the reviews I saw several (a fair percentage of the ones I looked at) referring to the touch screen on this phone.  I don't know if people are posting under the wrong product or if Amazon got its wires crossed somehow, but the Samsung T369 IS NOT A TOUCH SCREEN PHONE!As I mentioned we are happy with the phone, I only deducted a star because the sliding mechanism has become pretty loose (though to be fair, it gets a LOT of use and we saw the same in a previous phone from another manufacturer).

Purchased the Samsung T369 cell phone because my current phone's texting ability was very limited. However, the drawbacks with my current Samsung pale in comparison to the T369. The T369's is poorly engineered. The keys for texting are much too close together making it difficult to enter text. Same thing for adding contacts, very cumbersome. I am currently in the process of returning the phone. Would not recommend the T369 phone to anyone.

I got my "new' phone and there was no SIM card included. I emailed the company and was told that none the of phones they sell have SIM cards.  When I buy a "new" phone (and not one of their used phones) I expect it to be in it's original packaging and not thrown together in a piece of plastic.  How do I know if this phone is even new?  This is the first and last time I do business with this company.

Best pre-paid deal with unlimted texting....Have a child just starting out or going to school this was a affordable plan....

My blackberry was dead and I saw this online and the price was perfect! I am still learning all the buttons and things, but it came immediately and works great!

This phone is ok for a prepaid but has some downsides to it. Answering calls can be a pain, autolock, pretty much boils down to the touch screen...Overall not to shabby...

Like the other reviews say, this phone is amazing especially for the price. BUT... having major problems with texting. AT&T says it's not a network issue. They are going to replace the SIM card- if that doesn't fix it, I will need to get a new phone. The problem is texting to other networks like Verizon, Sprint, Cricket- about half of the texts never go through or show up as multiple blank messages. Don't seem to have the problem with other AT&T but not 100% sure. Did not have the problem with the old Motorola phone. Am wondering if anyone else has had this problem

The phone is fairly priced, however, the earpiece is just awful. I use my phone alot and have been with T-mobile for many years. I purchased this phone to upgrade my flip phone. I am having alot of trouble hearing people no matter how high I set the earpiece volume. There is some static and alot "muffling". Everything else on this model is basically what you would expect when you spend 60$ for a prepaid phone that was designed 2 yrs. ago. Texting on the key pad can be a little difficult because of the size of the keys. Using the keyboard to text is a little easier, but by the time you set up to text someone and pull out the keyboard, you feel like you've already spent a few mins. I don't fault Amazon (I buy alot of products from them) nor the seller. This is the way this phone was designed. I have ordered a different cell (Nokia) on Amazon. Hopefully, I'll be able to hear who I'm talking to without asking them to repeat themself. The camera is also pretty lame. Very blurry.

I purchased this phone for my son for his birthday.  He loves it!!  It is a great value for me also.  After getting the phone for $79.99 and the $50 phone card with it was like getting a touch screen phone for $30!  I also added a text package which makes this a great deal for me and prepaid helps me keep the cost down.

I haven't had a cell phone contract for more than 2 years, and I want to keep it that way.  Being a free agent is great!  I replaced my Samsung Katalyst with the Samsung T369.  I really loved my Samsung Katalyst... As a T-Mobile at home customer, I purchased the Katalyst because it was WI FI compatible with my @t home network. However, with my sudden infactuation with texting-- the Katalyst wasn't meeting my needs.  It did not have a qwerty board.  And I am not ready to dive into smart phones!! I tried the Nokia Lumia and sent it back within 3 days of receiving it.  The Samsung T369 fits my needs.  Although it's an older model-- I think-- than the Katalyst, it has the Qwerty Board.  I popped out the sim card from the Katalyst and just purchased a 16GB micro sand disc memory card for the T369, and I'm good to go!  Unfortunately my carrier (T-Mobile) doesn't appear to be as happy about the return of the Nokia Lumia as I am (smile). Purchasing the T369 allowed me to remain out of a contract.

Ok so I bought this phone, not used but new. so everything is so far fine. But the package and the things where open. It works perfectly fine so far..

could not ask for a nicer phone for the price. I friend of mine advised against this phone saying it was junk. I am glad i did not heed his advice. I like everything about this phone. A great buy.

I've had this phone for quite some time, using the T-Mobile Pay As You Go Play. Of the many cell phones I have come across, this one has proven itself. Don't get the "old fashioned" design fool you, this phone is dependable and has only a few minor flaws.The buttons are all physically there and raised so that you can find them tactfully. It even has a slide-out physical QWERTY keyboard with non-slip buttons. The "cursor" is a raised ring that you can easily feel and clicks in 4 directions, I've given it to men with big clumsy fingers and they had no problem with it.The UI is also simple and easy to navigate, use the cursor ring or push the corresponding number on the keypad to execute a function. It's one of the more simpler yet useful UI's I've come across.Photo and video are surprisingly decent, even at low resolution it takes very clear pictures with minimal color distortion, has good auto-white balance too. Video is not quite as a good in quality and the still camera requires that you hold the camera very still for at least 2 seconds. So no action shots.The camera shutter sound is also very loud and the shutter button is frequently accidentally hit and photophobes sometimes freek out and think you take a photo of them. You can "lock" the keypad and other buttons by holding down the star (*) key. It supports optional PIN/password locking as well.Voice and text work just fine, supports T-Mobile and AT&T; networks. There is a normal volume and speaker phone volume option you can enable during voice calls.E-mail and account balance no longer work, unfortunately.The memory card can be removed/unmounted while the phone is still on and remounted. Only problem is that you have to open the cover without detaching the battery and when you push in the memory card its easy to accidentally click the camera button.You can set custom ring tones, even for for each individual contact, from an mp3 on the memory card. But you can not change the default new text message sound.The construction and durability is one of the best, and a rarity these days. Mine has been dropped, stepped on, scratched, etc, and it still works like brand new. There is a hook in the corner of the shell in which you can hang a wire noose (sold separately).There are no advanced features like WIFI or GPS, this is an all-around easy and dependable phone for your parents or people who don't want to fuss with a galaxy of features.

Bought this phone for my mum, she likes it but the only issue we have complain with, is the very small key pad. it will not be rated with those of the new smart phone neither will it be rated with that purpose to serve the older generation, just Ok.

I got this phone for my husband in March and it is dead now in June. The battery lasted longer than the phone, how many people can say that? At first it was a good enough phone, easy to use and nice design. Now it doesn't even turn on, it just stopped working. I don't recommend this phone because of that. I am quite irritated that it turned to crap, even if it wasn't super expensive.

the phone is great, has all the features i always wanted, + the 50 dollar airtime credit was great, thank you very much.Fast shipping also.

This is a nice phone that gives you basic features. I agree with other reviews that this one is a reliable phone, good speakers (most LG phones are proud of their loud speakers)A little bit tricky for typing characters on touch screen but I am getting used to it.One issue I have is the ring tone. After some research, I found LG has a limitation on how to use your mp3 as your ring tone: you are forced to use mp3 file with 300kb size limit. That's true, I created 2 files: one is under that limit and a bigger one (more than 300kb). The 1st one can be applied as ring tone but I CANNOT use second one at all. It's really disturbing me because I paid for this phone, this is my phone and I want to use it as I want. After google it with how to bypassing this restriction, now I can use any longer, better mp3 files as my ring tone.So far, this phone works great.One question about services, I already chose second plan (1 usd. a day) but now I want to switch to third plan. Can I do it now and how to do it? Thanks

I JUST RECEIVED THIS PHONE & I LOVE IT. FIRST OF ALL ITS EASY TO USE THE VOLUME IS VERY HIGH PLUS ITS ONLY $80 MINUS THE $50 FREE AIRTIME THEY GIVE YOU.THE BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD AND IT DOESNT SCRATHCHES IS I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE

I LOVE this Phone!! No more surprises on my phone bill. Great features. Fun graphics, works with  internet. The best part is that it comes with $50 Airtime Credit that is good for 90 days. If you are thinking about buying a Go Phone you can't beat this deal:)

My wife lost her phone recently and I was looking for a replacement for her.  I wanted an unlocked phone because I didn't want to buy something from T-Mobile at a higher price or get locked into a longer contract.  She doesn't use her phone a ton so I was looking for a phone that cost effective, but still has good reception and a few bells and whistles.  So far, she seems to like this phone.  It has a typical phone pad that is easy to use.  The only complaint about it is that the numbers on the phone pad are a little tough to push because they are more like narrow rectangles.  I think that it is just a matter of getting used to it.  I use a BlackBerry and have no problem with even smaller buttons on the keypad.  The new phone slides out to a full QWERTY keyboard that is nice for texting.  If you want to surf the web, download apps, etc., this phone is not for you.  Get an iPhone or something similar.  If you want a basic phone that allows you to make phone calls, text, and do a few odds and ends without breaking the bank, this would be a great option for you.

This is a decent phone and my wife is very satisfied with it as a non-smart phone that can do texting well.  It has a battery that lasts for days, it does calls and texts intuitively, with a neat slide out keyboard, it's light and compact.  After two years the phone still works great and the battery is still strong, which is more than I can say about many other phones I had.If you try to use features beyond the basics, things become less pleasant.  The text message box fills up relatively quickly, the key lock doesn't seem to consistently lock (lots of pocket calls), and the camera is so/so at best.Overall, this was a good purchase and we're satisfied with the product.

I had decided on this phone when I got a new prepaid Tmobile plan. I found it the cheapest on this site. The phone is great! I can get online with it and the keyboard is a nice feature. Sure the keys are small, but it really hasn't been a problem. I get great sound from it. Overall, it is definitely a good buy.

every day i go to use it i have to shut it off take out the battery take out the sim then put it all back together just for it to work half a day then i have to do it again. I have missed so many calls because of this problem. When i went to the ATT store about it they said there was nothing they could do so now im stuck with a phone that only works half the time and i am very upset about it. do you think maybe you could help me with this matter or am i just stuck with a phone that dont work right?

The shipment was fast. The phone worked excellent and it came brand new as it said. I would definately order from this person again if i have to.

Bought this phone for my wife . She has been very happy with it . Seems like a good phone for the price .
