
I purchased a Samsung Smooth Verizon cell phone about 7 months ago and remain very happy with it. I needed a cheap plain cell phone to carry with me when traveling and did not want to pay a monthly charge just to have an emergency phone. I put $100 worth of minutes on the phone when I purchased it and 7 months later still have $78 left. As for my limited use this phone has worked very well for me. I even purchased one for a friend to carry with them for emergencies.

This phone has a lot of functionality. It is Very small. Great for an emergency pay-as-you-go phone which is what we were looking for at the time. Totally programmable and very easy to understand and manage online. I am sure if one wanted to call Verizon to activate and ask questions about the phone and service, it would be equally satisfactory. My experience is with online activation and teaching my elderly father to use this phone in an emergency. The ring is loud enough to be heard, the speaker is loud enough to be heard and it is small and functional.

I got this for my mom and she's thrilled. We switched from Verizon about half a year ago to another carrier. However, due to reception issues, we switched her back to verizon, but this time prepaid.The prices for Verizon's prepaid per minute are not as great as the previous carrier, but this phone is great! It's almost identical to my mom's contract samsung phone, which lasted her years, except this phone is a little more up to date. The reception is just as great as it was with our contract phones too. It's a great basic phone, and if you told me it was a contract phone I would believe you in a second. It has a great feel to it as well.I'm very pleased.

I'm on my 3rd one with Verizon -- this one bought new as prepaid, had to wait 6 months to activate with regular Verizon (blocked before that).Excellent phone, but old technology means you can't backup or restore contacts -- verified at a Verizon store.Darn.

This is a great phone i have had it for about a year no problems at all. I accually bought a different phone becuase i wanted a slide phone it has a better rating but its not near as good as this phone.the battery life is amazing last me 2-3 days of use. It has great sound quality. pretty much the best phone cuz there is little things about it that just make everything so easy to use. i give it a 6 out 5 i will buy again

its good and  i am satisfied with my purchase. It has the basic phone functions which were my requirement from the phone.

This phone has lasted me three years and it's only now starting to cause me problems. And that's probably because I don't treat it too well. I'm most likely going to buy the same phone to replace it.

It's got a camera, it's easy to figure out, it allows a thousand one, two, or three button shortcuts (which is overkill, but hey).  For the price, it does more than I would've expected.

I purchased these 2 additional phones as replacements for the current ones my sweetheart keeps destroying....over & over & over.  I purchased the originals in 2009.  He destroyed his 1st one (temper..temper..) in 2010.  So I traided and gave him mine so he could go on a trip and  be in touch if needed.  On returning, that phone was run over...bummer!  Replaced 2 more, Yup, his was accidentally dumped into a glass of fortified grapefruit juice.(that doesn't work well)  I bought another one for him which he still has (so far).  So, I decided to buy 2 more and keep them in stock for insurance.One thing I am disappointed with is they come with a $10.00 (30 Day) initial allotment but that is not added to your balance when you have to replace the phone.  Oh well!I like these phones because I can get the service for $100.00 a year for now.  We only use them for emergency so I re-fill both of them once a year.  I just don't think anyone can get better service for that amount.I gave it 3 stars because I / we don't use all the bells and wistles it is capable of and it doesn't come close to being in competition with many other phones but I can take pictures, not the greatest quality but still OK. and e-mail.  It's capable of internet connection if needed but that eats up minutes instantly. It has more capabilities also but being financially restricted I just keep expenses as minimal as possible.  (K.I.S.S.)These are OK phones and for emergencies it takes care of that requirement.  The cell service itself is normal & adequate.  Yes I would recommend it to anyone as an emergency phone.

Crawfords Superstore advertised a cell that looked identical to my Verizon flip-top phone, with one exception ... this was a wireless device with online capability, which I don't want (yeah, I know!), I discovered this, reading the packaging, though they had clearly said 'wireless' phone in the ad. (Yeah, I know!)When the phone arrived, I realized my error, and contacted the seller immediately. I sent the phone back pronto. But I have received only generic responses from the seller, Crawfords Superstore, to my communications. Maybe they credited my credit card ... I hope so. But I thought I would get  s o m e  kind of acknowledgment.Too impersonal. Maybe I am dreaming, expecting communication. Could be; doesn't impress me.

This phone is fine if you just want to use the prepaid plans, but if you want to activate an existing account (which I did) verizon will not allow you to do that until you have used the prepaid plan on this phone for 6 months.  Not for people with existing contracts looking for a cheap way to replace their broken or lost phones.  Not too many used options on Amazon for cheap phones, it is better to go to ebay if you want a used phone

1)  I ordered two identical items.  I received one item exactly as ordered and one with an extra attachment.  It makes me want the 2nd attachment for the 2nd phone.2)  They arrived quickly and were packaged safely.

The only problem I have is getting a hold of the top to flip the top open to answer it but other then that it is an excellent phone I am happy with it.

This prepaid phone is good for emergency situations. Although i wish verizon gave more options with their prepaid plans. You cant get just talk anymore.

The case is so smooth and tapered it is very hard to grasp to flip open. The keys are also hard to push you have to press just right.

This was a gift to be used for someone who doesn't use the phone often. It's durable, easy to function and serves the purpose well.

I purchased the phone to replace an older phone my dad was using. Verizon was unable to use this phone with their plan.  It was a prepaid phone only.

this phone is crap  its prepaid and its 75$ and it doesnt even have unlimited features like what the heck?!!?!

This phone might be OK for some purposes but was NOT suitable for Page Plus service.  It was conveniently returned without problems

Arrived on time or sooner,in original container as in any store.Also to my surprise ,included "2" Freebies ,an car charger and earplug....... Very fast registration with verizon wireless via the phone itself and also online for "my account".......Also includes call blocking and your phone id # stealthing..............Beats Tracfone lol.....

You said there was no contract and you have to get a new one too use this !!!!!!!! I have a contract all ready and I just wanted to  use this phone temporaley  .So I bought this phone for nogthing  Not happy !!!!!!!!!

Well worth the price and included a free $10 minutes card.  Has all the functions I need and use.  Economical.

Exactly as described. And exactly what I was looking for. Though I do see what one reviewer was talking about with &#34;pocket pictures&#34;. The camera on switch is a little too promenant.

If you just want a phone to keep in your purse in case of emergencies, this is it. After getting totally fed up with Tracfone, I bought this. It's easy to put money on (which was my gripe with Tracfone. With this phone you program in your credit card number and once a month I punch in $15. Case closed, so to speak), has good reception and battery life, and customer service, the one time I've needed it in almost a year, was great. It's not fancy, but it serves its purpose well. And it can be even fancier than I usually need it to be, with pictures and text. I just bought two for Christmas presents (for 9.99 elsewhere - don't pay Amazon prices!)

Thank you Samsung for guaranteeing I never buy another cell phone made by you.  After 8 months of use, this phone started making beeps when I plugged in the charger and gave spurious warning messages that it had the "wrong battery", "unsupported battery", even though it would eventually usually recharge.  I called Samsung warrantee service, and they made a ticket and UPS label to send in the battery.  Within two weeks after I sent it in, they finished the service and sent me an email they had shipped out a replacement.  After 3 weeks it hadn't arrived, and when I checked the tracking number, I discovered they'd mailed it to some guy in Florida, not Hawaii.  It took me a month of multiple phone calls and submissions on the web to get Samsung Service in Plano, Texas, to send me another battery.When it arrived and I put it in the handset, it displayed the same malfunction.  So the problem was in the handset, not the battery.  I called Samsung and they told me to send in the handset without the battery or the door, which I did.  Three weeks later, I get an email from Samsung that they have received the shipment and"*** PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL***We regret to inform you that your Samsung ticket [#####] was rejected due to the following reason.REJECTED - INCOMPLETE KITThe original item will be shipped back to you unrepaired." and in a separate email, "Your product was shipped on 20101122 at 102557 EST."That message, though, was completely erroneous.  Nothing was shipped back to me.  It was followed by "We received your Samsung SCH-U350MBPVZW on 11/23/2010 at 12:41 EST". A week later, I got another message, "Problem found:LOCK UP DURING OPERATION (SW)SOFTWARE EMERGENCY RECOVERYSolution: S/W UpdatedPassed All Functional Testing",and a week after that, the handset arrived back, and now appears to be working.Would I sign up again for such an experience with a cell phone malfunction?  No.  There were just too many mistakes made here for this to be a fluke.  Something is systematically wrong with Samsung USA.  I resurrected my Motorola with a cheap OEM battery I got online, which I will continue to use.

I was amazed by how fast my phone was delivered. I received my phone within less than a week. I definitely recommend this seller. Thanks.

I did not want a prepaid phone -- I wanted a Samsung U340 cell phone Verizon  all purpose cell phone. I guess I would like an exchange this phone for a

Got the phone for my mom,  she needed a cell phone to just make phone calls,  she don't text.  Received it took it down to Verizon Wireless and got it activated for her.  Phone is great for her and there was no hassle activating the phone with Verizon Wireless.  If needing a basic phone to use,  I highly recommend this phone.

Well i got this phone for my mother she happy with it. But I have had to use t a few times and the volume is low even when you have it turned all the way up. She only use it for phone calls because she doesn't text She can only read text when they come in if she hears it if not she has to ask some1 to  retrieve it for her  She almost 70

When i first looked at the phone it was so bright it made my great grandma go blind. Everyday she would talk about a Giraffe chasing her. When i lift it it turned to celery.

I usually have no problems ordering through amazon. Very happy with your products. But, this one time, I was not satisfied. The phone was not damaged on the outside and you could use all your features. The problem I had is it would not stay charged. I would fully charge the phone, make one call and it would die. Than I could put the phone down for the night, fully charged, in the morning their would be no energy. I could not use this phone.

This is a great phone for those like me who want an inexpensive phone with good sound. I appreciate a phone that is loud and clear enough to take phone calls in noisy places. The camera isn't all that hot, but better than most phones.The camera isn't important to me anyway. All in all a grat inexpensive phone.

The item was not able to activate.  Because the item was already activated by someone.  I had to go Verizon service center and spent  long time to cancel previous use and activate for my use. Please do clean business.  Do not sell used one as a new.

This phone is ideal for someone who needs a phone to use as a phone. The camera, texting and internet capabilities all work great, but the best part is that the phone does so well. Very satisfied.

The Samsung Smooth has a great battery life and is built well. It is easy to learn and use and has good quality sound. It even has a decent signal at my house even though I live right on the border of a National Park.  I get an excellent signal elsewhere.Remember, this is a great basic phone - it is not a Blackberry or a Droid.Bob - Akron OH

You can make calls whenever the phone doesn't slip out of your hand. Sound quality's fine, for the first few months. And then it starts to sound like everyone you call is cutting in and out. Are they having phone reception problems? Nope, it's your phone with the problem. The screen is a decent size for a phone at this price, but what's the point when you start getting extra lines across the screen after just a few months of use? The phone does tell time, though.

I received this phone so quickly I could hardly believe it! I would definitely order from you again!

if you have an account with verizon this prepaid as all other prepaid phones cannot be added to the plan

I don't know how I lost this amazing phone but I prefer THIS so-called &#34;old&#34; phone to the shiny new iphone. It really is a phenomenal device.

The phone is OK but the Verizon payment plan extracts a monthly payment whether you use the phone or not.  I wasn't aware of the terms until my account was terminated and my $60 balance confiscated.  All Verizon support would say was send us more money and we will reactivate your account.  My recommendation:  go to Walmart.

WAS VERY HAPPY TO GET THE SAME PHONE THAT SOMEONE HAD STOLEN FROM ME GOD BLESS YOU FOR HAVING THIS PHONE

We were warned by verizon not to buy outside their company because the others were not reliable. Well these phones are still being used and we loved them. they were pretty good.

I order it for my brother but he still said it was to small for him to see the numbers good but now i think he had my other brother to check it out and the setting was wrong on it but he is now not complaining so everything ok.

The Samsung Smooth Verizon prepaid phone shocked me when I realized that I bought this phone for $10.00 and I NEVER lose a signal no matter where I go.The phone takes pictures also. Not the best but that is not what I purchased the phone for.This phone has all that I need to communicate with others via text or calling. I can also access GPS, the internet, my emails, look up restraunts in surrounding areas and it has many more features that I did not even know was on the phone when I purchased it.What I also love about this phone is that I text over 1000 texts a month. I only pay $20.00 a month for a text bundle. I sometimes place calls which are short and to the point, less than 5 minutes, I hardly notice my balance dropping at all. The best part is my bill is around $20.00 a month compared to all of the other phones that I've owned which ended up being over $100.00 or closer to $200.00 and they always added in the fees for God only knows what.I love the Samsung Smooth with the Verizon service. Never lose a call or miss one, I can text all day long, every day for only $20.00 a month, and all of the extras that I described above. It is worth every cent that I pay for it.

I found out the hard way, that you can not activate the phone with carrier, only use with buying of prepaid cards ONLY. On all prepaid phone from Verizon.

Worst Flip Phone I ever had.  It is difficult to open and the sound is terrible.  My old LG VX8300 is far better than this phone.

pruduct has eye appeal & nice features.My oops was that I ordered it for my reachout wireless government phone line as an upgrade.I was not aware that  verizon makes there own phones where reachout wireless does not & uses other companies phones.if you order a new verizon phone[verizon is reachouts carrier]they will not release that phone to any other company until you have completed a 6 month contract.if you have a reachout government assisted mobil phone & want to upgrade you are better off ordering one out of there website.the phone itself I liked & wish it would have worked for me.an easy 4 stars rating.Sk8rBoi

if you have a reg. verizon acct. this is not the phone for you. get a non pre-paid phone to add to your acct.

greatbphone. It is just what we were looking for. Thanks for sending so promptly. It is much appreciated. Thanks again

cant be connected to verizon, the Meid number is in conflict with verizon, cannot use phone. is it possible to return

I am sure the phone if fine but it did not work on our family plan. We sent it back and requested a refund.
