
As much as I hate to leave a bad review, don't buy this phone. I went through two of these phones in less than 8 months. It was a decent enough little phone, but there is a manufacturing defect and the sliding mechanism WILL break and the screen part will fall off and dangle by the wire ribbon. Sorry, that's the truth.I took it into Verizon and the man at the front nearly pocketed it while stammering &#34;I thought we got all these back in!&#34; He apologized for selling it to me in the first place, mentioned the manufacturing defect, and immediately took me over to sell me another phone.If you plan on duct taping the phone shut, it won't break, but idk if you can access all the features of this phone without opening it. There are other, newer phones out there  you can buy from Motorola.

This phone is a complete piece of garbage. I have had this phone for two-plus years, and have never, ever been happy with it. The volume control is terrible, and the camera is pretty useless unless you are outdoors. I am not sure who the brain-trust was that designed the text pad, but the buttons are so small, unless you have very long fingernails you will find it hard to use. It also jumps from screen to screen without warning, and for no reason at all, when you try to compose a text, check voicemail, search contacts, look at your settings, charge the phone, and sometimes even when it is closed and in your pocket. It will not hold a charge, so if you do decide to purchase this phone keep your charger handy at all times.

This phone would not receive a signal anywhere could not text make calls etc for no apparent reason. the other phone i purchased same make model different color worked fine

I was genuinely surprised at how cheaply made this wassome keys did not function & pieces actually came off in the 1st days of use.wow! what a waste of money!!

Touch screen broke power button broke, touch function side keys do what they want when I don't even touch the phone

It's hard to get a new Not-Smart phone these days, but if that is what you're looking for, this one is excellent! Fast shipping, too! After you drop your old phone in a poopy toilet, run to this seller and buy this phone!

I owned this phone for a while until I upgraded to an android.  I absolutely loved this phone!  It is compact but yet easy to use.  Clear calls and the slide out keyboard is nice.  I have kept my rival for a back up.

it was a cool phone online, my first. the touch screen was kinda annoying. there were TONS of software problems. however, i absolutely loved the qwerty keyboard. the color is AMAZING! loved the bright purple on the phone. camera sucked. period. however, miles of space. i could have up to 500 text messages on my phone easy. if you are lookhing for a texting phone, awsome. otherwise, not so much

This phone was the worst cell ever. I mean w/ in a week of getting the cell phone the battery would not stay charged at all - brand new!

According to the reviews posted, the buyers either really like the Rival or they really hate it!  I, for one, like this phone so far.  I had to replace my Verizon Cosmos (cell phones really shouldn't go in with you for a swim), and I could't shell out a quick $100. This '09 model cell phone was more in my price range.  I like the color of the Rival, the slider works easily, the back has a rubber-like feel so it's easy to grip.  Sound quality is better than the phone I had before.  It is part touch-screen, part keypad, so that takes some getting used to.  I do not want an all touch-screen phone, so I think this will work for me.  It also records short videos, something else my Cosmos (later model than the Rival) didn't do, which I really like.  And, probably the best feature, the battery has a VERY long life and you don't have to charge it every couple of days.  Good phone.

DEALER MADE SURE I WAS SATSIFIED WITH MY PURCHASE.  EASY TO CONTACT AND FAST RESPONSE. VERY SATISFIED.  PHONE WORKS GREAT. GOOD EXPERIENCE. THANKS.

This phone was okay, but would freeze up on my mom a lot when she would use it.  Not sure if I would buy it again.

I got this phone from my Dad for Christmas two years ago. In the 1 & a half I had this phone, it was a nightmare. The first one wouldn't charge correctly because the connection of the charging cords were never tight enough. I would have to wedge the cord between something and the phone to get a good enough connection to charge. I dealt with this for 3 months before the screen went out too. It just decided in the middle of a call to go completely white.... It was only 6 months old. Luckily, I had a warranty, so I took it back to get a new one. Within a month the charger didn't work. I tried a new charger, same problem. Pretty soon, it simply wouldn't hold a charge. It would just die when it said it had all bars. It was a piece of crap. I don't think I would buy another motorola EVER.... Buy an ENV 2 or something instead.

I actually had tried two different phones of this kind because I LOVE the size, and LOVE the color. I also loved that it had a slide function versus flip. The first phone I received just basically exploded without the fireworks. And it would never ever ever charge, even with the charger they sent me it would always just say "unauthorized charger" I sent it back thinking it was faulty. The second one came, worked fine, then decided I wanted a smart phone, upgraded, and decided to downgrade due to finances. I tried to charge this new one again so I could prep it for the downgrade...and what a shock. "Unauthorized charger" displayed again. Then froze. Basically it's good to look at, but don't use it.

I have only had it for 2 weeks and it has fallen apart already. It's a cute looking phone, but it didn't last at all.

I had a smartphone and decided I wanted a simple phone. I don't find anything wrong so far. It was just what I wanted you do have to click alot to text. But you save all the data (and hidden data from updates) I just wanted talk, text and mms and it has mobile web. So far this phone functions great, the voice quality is great the only thing bad is the battery does seem to loose charge faster if you take pictures. But over all it has been fine for what I want it to do.

the phone is what it is a replacement for my kiddo, it works great when u can get it to take a charge

The phone is a working phone.  The biggest beef I have is that when the phone is slid open in order to reply to a text, it does not automatically open a reply.  Otherwise, the phone is fine...

I bought this for my older sister, she has had to switch to another phone the thing was impossible, do not buy.

I bought this product for $40 a little while ago and it work gret. but about 8 months of use the touch screen button would go bazerk from time to time cause me to send messages when i was not finished or even delete contacts.So eventaully i got frustrated and threw it on the ground...jk i dropped it...it was subconcious.But i definatly got my $40 out of it.

I was very excited for this phone to arrive after i placed my order.  I believed the price was also reasonable for this phone.  However when i received the phone and plugged the charger that came in the box with the phone into the wall and the phone itself, the phone stated "unauthorized charger" across the screen.  Upon further inspection i realized the phone was "motorolla" brand and the charger was "sanyo".  I then proceeded to my nearest verizon store and figured they would just swap out the charger for one that was correct no problem.  They were very rude and stated the phone was not from verizon because it was in an old box.  I then picked out a charger that worked with my phone and was shocked to realize it was a $30 charger which was just about as expensive as the phone itself.  If i wanted to spend almost $100 for a phone and charger i would have gone to a verizon store myself and gotten one with a warranty and no back and forth problems.  I am very displeased and will never order another phone off amazon again.

I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas. When I went to activate her phone it wouldn't work. It was a huge disappointment!!

Bought one of these phones and sent it back because it did not work properly. Got another phone and after two weeks it stop working properly. Pretty phone but looks are deceiving in this case.

This is perfect for a kid. Part touch and part button with a little slider keypad. Drove me nuts though and i am waiting for a different one to replace it.

I had got my phone wet, and I needed a replacement phone so I bought this phone because I liked the price.  The phone is just a basic phone and that's all I needed it for, and I'm very happy with it.

This phone glitches and is the biggest waste of money! This is my 2nd one to have bought...(the 1st I hoped was just my fault), but it wasn't! It has done the exact same! When texting it will go to something else and never lets you finish! To many things to mention! I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone! It may be cute, but has to many problems!

got this fone today tried to put my dang memeory card n it n it deletd all my stuff off it all my contacs n pictures and everything i have nun now!!!!!!!!THEN I WENT TO ACTIVATE IT N THEY SAID THT I NEEDED A DANG DATAT PLAN THIS AINT NO FLIPPIN SMART FNE SO Y WLD I EVEN NEED THT ISH MY FNE GOT MR ON IT THT THAT ONE DO EVEN THO ITS MESSD UP SO PISSD NE I HVE TO RETURN IT N THEN LOOK FR A NEW FNE THEY SHOULD HVE POSTED THIS PIECE OF CRAP BOUT THE FNE I SHO AINT BOUT TO B PAYIN 80 A MONTH FR THIS WEN I ONBLY PAY FOR UNLIMITED EVERYTHING NOT SATISFIED AT ALL WITH THIS NOW I AM WITH OUT A FNE N ALL MY ISH IS GONE SO HIGHYL PISSD I DNT NO WHT TO DOOOOOOOP!!!!!@!!

This phone is the worst phone i've ever had. Whenever you click on anything the screen turns white for about 30 seconds. There are why to many glitches. Also, you have to charge your phone everynight. If you like taking pictures don't get this phone, it's camera is horrible! I hate this phone.

i purchased this brand new phone on 1/14/2012 and yesterday it just stopped working 2/15/2012.... this phone only worked for a month.

I have had more than one issue with this product.First time I received it, a week within use it would shut down on its own when I would check my messages.Then after getting another to replace the first, the second one does the same thing and then when I tried to charge it, it says "unauthorized user."I am DONE with this brand entirely. If this Motorola phone burned me twice, it will not a third time.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!! Gave me nightmares and headaches galore.

This phone was not for me that is for sure. While I was talking on the phone the touch screen would be activated and dialing numbers. If I was not standing up straight then the other person could not hear properly (I was mumbled) according to them.I was not able to operate the phone easily while driving either. I like to be able to press one button to call someone if I need to while driving and not have to really pay attention to the keys. I actually only used the phone for a week before I switched back to my old phone because I disliked the phone so much.

my phone broke down within three days of using it, the faux touch screen is terrible. This phone is a useless piece of junk.

Good replacement phone for calls and texts, no data.  I just needed to get to the end of my contract, and it did the trick.  My daughter destroyed a couple of phones and this was one of the better replacements.  I have a t-mobile pay as you go plan with a off the rack phone from walmart.  No more contracts for me!

I bought it used so it did have a couple of dings and nice but the phone works as good as new and I have not yet experienced any issues with it. The previous owner had deleted all traces that they were there and I appreciate that. I really like this phone it's a treasure.

I absolutely hated this phone.  It looked new but the buttons would freeze and it would randomly go to screens I didn't want it to.  I know why it was in such good shape, because the person who had it before me hated it to.  I ended up purchaseing a new phone before I was eligible with my provider but it has been worth it for my family not to hear me say everyday and night I hate this phone!

It has worked for several months, but we are having trouble with it.  Texting doesn't work well and it sometimes won't work in texting at all.

A good friend of mine is running up close to giving birth, and had only a crappy phone that hardly ever let her do anything. She tells me all the time how much she loves and is happy with it, and i know she's safe and has a phone to get in contact with emergency if she needs it.

this was a replacement cell phone for my daughter and its an ok phone.  served its purpose for what we needed it for.

i contacted the seller and they did not reply the cell phones was messed up when we received them, I called Motorola and they said if they would not help they would refund my money I have not received anything back. This seller would not contact me back i do not give them a good rating. I had the phone not even a week and the respectable thing they could have done was contact me back. Thank you and have a wonderful day.

I ordered this phone after deciding I no longer wanted a Android. I was really important to me to have the keyboard and that feature with the cost is what ultimately made my decision. The phone was as described and the shipping was good too. It works fine other than freezing up in the middle of texting and the touch screen was very sensitive. It would keep pressing it's own buttons while I was texting and sending half. I do not blame the seller for either of those issues. The camera lens has a huge scratch on it to the point that when you take a picture, it always comes out blurry. This was a huge downfall to me, seeing as I use my camera often for many things. So after about 2 weeks, I bought a new phone and sold this one and so far the other person is pretty happy with it. SO the phone wasn't in good enough working order for me but the seller, shipping and price were great. Thank you.

I did not care for this phone. it only worked for about a month and then it quit working, would not recmmend

The motorola rival is by far the worse phone I have  EVER seen, used or owned and I have had many different phones.  I am able to receive calls and sometimes make them but texting is often impossible as it randomly jumps to something else.  This also happens when I try to read an incoming text.  I was NEVER able to  check my messages.  I was far too busy to send it back on time and ended up ordering another phone.  Not a happy camper,  Kate

This phone is a piece of JUNK!  I would like to know how to return it & receive a refund.  I've already ordered another phone to replace this one.It definitely has a mind of its own:  I never know whether I'll be able to access the feature I've touched or not, sometimes yes, most of the time NO.  It has something 'loose' inside and continually will pop up something I have not accessed.  Just trying to send a simple text is too much of a challenge as I have to constantly keep going back to attempt to finish it.  I'll type one letter & then it's gone off somewhere else, back again to type another letter, etc.  In attempting to access my contacts I have to try & hurry to press SEND before it goes somewhere else again.  It has been nothing but a constant source of frustration since I received it.

Worked great and easy to use!! loved the phone right up until it quit charging for me? used for a long time!!

I absolutely hate this phone! My sister has the same phone and we are constantly complaining about them to each other.  I thought I'd love it since it was small enough to fit in my pocket or small purse. The keyboard is way too small and takes a lot of getting used to. I have small hands but it is still hard for me to use without hitting two keys at a time.The worst thing about this one is when you try to check your voice messages you will constantly hit the keyboard with your ear and either have to redail and start the process over again or get the annoying beeping sound and still lose your voicemail connection.You have to put in your code to check voicemail and then cut off the dial pad to stop this from happening.The sound quality is also pretty cruddy, the camera is awful unless you are taking outside pictures and no amount of changing the resolution will fix it, and don't even try to take a video more than 30 seconds long.I am so sorry that I wasted my upgrade on this phone!

i got this phone lasted one month than stopped working wood not call out had to buy a new phone am not happy

I like the color....that's it.  When I'm texting someone (when it will let me text) it will send them before I'm finished.  It keeps going to another window asking if I want to save or delete the message, or if I want to add contact, or something else crazy like that.  It's part touch screen, and starts bumping in your hand to the point that you have no control over what you want to do.  You have to completely close the slide, exit out to the home screen and start over.  Sometimes that works, sometimes it doesn't.  I definitely would not recommend this phone to anyone!!!I don't know if it's this particular phone that has something wrong with it, or if it's a problem with all of the Motorola A455 Rivals.  Whatever it is, I won't be purchasing it again.  If I could afford to do so, I'd swap it out for an LG Cosmos 2, but the purchase price is way too much right now.  I'm going to have to deal with this until June of 2012 when I'm eligible for an upgrade....and believe me when I say that ANYTHING will be an improvement!!!I have done many purchases through Amazon, and this is the only time I've had any problems at all....I'm not afraid to buy through them.  I just got really unlucky with this phone.

The buyer never said it did not work at all. Only said it had been off the charger for a week. Would not give me my money back to make it right.

Love the phone. It is everything my daughter wanted.this is her 4th phone. 2nd from amazon and have not been disappointed.

i very happy with the out come of my purchase...i had a problem and they took care of me in a timely matter...very good customer service

Brand new phone without a large price tag. Shipped quickly, got in earlier than i expected. Overall a very great deal.

This phone never worked.  Wasn't able to get my service turned on with the first one.  Had it replaced and the second one worked for 1/2 day then just died and my phone service couldn't get it back up and running

My old cell phone died with about 3 months left on the contract, so I needed a stopgap until I got a new contract and a new phone. That's when I discovered the Rival.I bought it based strictly on the price, and I got what I paid for.First off, the software is very cumbersome and difficult to use. The screen dims very quickly, and every time it does so you need to "unlock" the phone again. This mainly consists of pressing the "menu" button twice, which is fairly annoying for someone accustomed to quickly accessing his phone.Second, the memory is very limited. It can store around 200MB of music and around 400 text messages. When your inbox reaches 80%, it's impossible to access your inbox without receiving an annoying reminder about remaining memory. On top of that, it can take around 5 minutes to erase the inbox.Still, I give this phone three stars because it does what it's supposed to do. It calls people, it sends text messages, and it seems resilient enough to do those things for the next few months. For my purposes, it works... in spite of being an annoying piece of ****.

This phone was sent with the wrong charger. Fortunately, we had a good charger on hand. Unfortunately,  the phone refused to charge. My daughter was very disappointed!I will say, we returned it and got a quick refund. That made the experience bearable.

My son and I have both had Rivals for years now and have had no problems other than the touch screen being annoying when trying to actually talk on it. It's a great phone for texting and making calls, but I've never even tried it for internet access.  I'm just not that addicted to the internet.  Some other reviews said the battery wouldn't last.  That's only true if you live in a place where the signal isn't good because the phone is constantly searching for a signal.  I've had no problems with mine until lately when it occasionally locks up and makes a high pitch sound.  I just turn it off and it comes back on OK. As for it asking what sort of message you want to send, there is a button on the keyboard just to the left of the space bar that looks like an envelope with a pencil beside it.  If you press that it automatically puts you in the texting page.  The voice activated portion is little more than a great laugh.  You tell it to call Ryan and it asks if you said Diane. We have fun just testing it.  I've had no problems taking photos in the house with it but then it's a phone, not a camera.  If all you want to do is send texts and make calls it's a great phone. Also, when you live where there is little signal like I do, texting is about the only way to make contact.  Digital cell phone calls drop too many packets when the signal is weak but texting can usually get through.

I love this phone! It's small and easy to bring around with you. It's easy to use and works just fine. Some problems are the VERY low battery life. So, for all of those who spend every second texting or showing pictures of your new grandchildren to your friends, not the best phone. I always plug it in. I have to! After a phone call, it goes down from 100% to 75%. But other than that, i love it. nice camera, too.

To all the smart-phone snobs who are hating on this phone, THIS ISNT A SMARTPHONE. This is a dumb phone that is very good for people who don't feel the need to spend every waking second of their life texing, tweeting, facebooking, or making a general cyber-nuisance of themselves. The slide out keyboard is very nice. The only drawback to this phone to me was that the phone was pretty dumb. It always need to check with you about what kind of message you wanted to send when you were trying to send a text. Very easy to use and well worth the money if you're looking to save some. I sold my first one and am thinking about replacing my smartphone bill with this one again now that I have a netbook.

its looks good in pic but when i received it it gave me problems write from the start and it is hard to use and it looks like if u to were have dropped it it would crumble into peices. i highly dont recommend anyone buy this phone. sorry

I love this phone, wish it rang louder, but I can hear so much better when people call me now.I love the fact I don't have to have a data plan as well, and still have an awesome phone.

IT was a very nice phone, looked brand new, daughter loves it and I think mostly cuz her favorite color is purple.

GREAT phone for talk and text and you don't need data plan. Easy to use. I would recommend this one.

This phone was all plastic cheap piece of junk. Wasn't happy with it at all and returned it.  Was very pleased with how easy and fast the return process was couldn't of asked for it to go any smoother then it did

I absolutely love my new phone.  After using a droid for a few months, it was refreshing to returning back to a smaller phone.  Shipped promptly and in brand new condition.  Never would have known it was refurbished.  Thank you!  Happy customer!!!

I bought this phone and had to return it. Everytime I would slide the phone open to text the phone would shut off and reboot.

Just recieved this phoneand it is scratched TERRIBLY and won't take a charge as the charger that came with it causes the phone to say unauthorized cable! second buy from amazon and second huge dissapointment!

the telephone that i bought worked fine for about 1 month and then it stopped working so i would not recommendt it.

my whole family had this phone at one point and every single one of us were trading it for a replacement within two weeks. it is just a waste of money. it looks semi cool but dont get it for that reason. battery doesnt last very long at all and the slide will just randomly fall off.

There was a problem with the battery and the phone. The battery did not fit and would not charge phone. Not a good phone.

The phone itself was not bad, but I was sent the wrong charger... what good is the phone if I can't charge it. I know...I could have gone out and bought a new one, BUT why? I just spent good money for a complete phone and charger? SO I sent it back.

We purchased this as a replacement for my daughter's first phone. We did not need a smart phone with a ton of bells and whistles. This phone is functional for our needs. The surprise came that there were two of the same phones in the package so if the first goes bad we seemingly have a replacement.  Good value

My grandson bought this phone and he has no complaints with it - he has gone through a lot of cell phones and knows them as good as anyone. It has lasted him for a couple of years now.
