
This phone simply doesn't work. I tried to improve it with with a 3rd party Android 2.2, Motorola doesn't have support for this phone, you can't get 2.2 or higher with them. Simply put it, the operating system doesn't interact correctly with the hardware.I will sell for $100 (I paid $325!?) and buy a Samsung or HTC phone.

I got this phone in January and loved it! The only complaint I have is that I had to replace the battery cover three times because it wouldn't stay on.  It's too bad my network doesn't support 3G because outside of the house wifi doesn't work.  Playing with my phone it is hearing aid compatible if anyone was wondering! It's great for a first time smart phone since this is my first! =)

the operating system of the telephone is very good the tactile of the screen is quick easy of manejaren all its system, the only problem that and had it is the connection to internet it is intermittent :(

i buy it, but i receive a dock station, i dont know what happens, i receive the box but when i open it SURPRISE no phone into it, only a dock station

I had recently ordered this phone straight from Amazon.com and has over night shipping. I had ordered the phone at approx. 7:00pm and it arrived the next evening around 4:00. So, the shipping and packaging was no problem. I would recommend this phone to anyone who does a lot with business and apps. Then again I am currently 17 years old and use it for constant calls and more than enough text messaging. This is where my only problem with the phone comes in, the battery life. I found this to be the only issue in reference to this phone. Another thing, it also came with a European plug for the phone charger. This phone has a lot to offer and the software can also be upgraded to 2.2 and also 2.3 you just got to be Tech savvy.

I bought the phone from Amazon more than a month ago.The phone itself has works well, and I like all the apps from the market place. I haven't used an iphone, so there is no comparison against that. But the xt720 is better than my older smart phone (a Palm Centro). Although searching was still better and easier with the centro.The one major complaint I have with the xt720, which makes the phone not usable, is the battery life.When I first got the phone, I would get one day of use per charge. I'm not a heavy cell phone user, and I don't have a data plan. I only go online via WIFI and that's pretty seldom. I also implemented all the battery saving techniques that I read online (lower the light intensity, no wallpaper, etc).After one month of use, the battery life has gotten worst. Yesterday I took the cell phone off the charger in the morning, and by night it would be down to 5% only - and that was no calls and no WIFI use. The phone just sat idle and whole day, and yet the battery got drained way too fast.I might have kept the phone if there was a bigger battery I could upgrade to. But I searched both Amazon and Ebay, and found no larger capacity battery.I don't know how Motorola deemed the xt720 a viable product with this sort of battery life.

I bought this phone cause some friends had one went to get one at the place where i have a contract. They didn't have any so i bought one from here and got it monday and i love it better than my old phone and the videos are amazing . bought my husband one but with a keyboard. thanks for such a great phone.

for the price that i pay for it it was a nice deal. phone came to my hands clean and nice lovely. very happy with it

This is probably getting outdated with the recently announced Atrix which is loaded with 4x processor speed. Nevertheless the milestone is my first smartphone and its a wonderful experience using it - thoughtful UI and apps load reasonably fast. I could update to Android 2.2 as well

Excelente producto cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas lo recomiendo al igual que el precioDelibere en tiempo sin problemas y bien empacado buena presentaci&oacute;n  lo recomiendo

Motorola Milestone XT720 Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 8 MP Camera...  a nice cellphone... whit froyo 2.1 android i like it

I had this phone for about 6 months before getting another. Worked fine, no glitches nor loss of signal. Very Good.

It is a really nice cellphone, with grate performane,The camera has an excellent resolution an quality,the display have a true color, etc..Recommended smartphone!

I have had this phone for a month and I absolutely love it. I only wish MOTOROLA had inserted a detailed book on how to use the phone.

I recieved the motorola xt720 quite fast from amazon go i give them props for that but when i recieved it, it did not come in its original package which was not such a big deal. What annoys me its that not only did i not recieve a mni usb syncing cable, i did not recieve a hdmi cable that was suppose to come with it and there was no instructions. The phone was good but which i actually recieve the accessories as well.

phone will not work give 3g data with at&t you will only get 2g data if you have at&t service

This is a great phone - specs are good; it's comfortable; it's android.However - at this point THERE IS NO PLAN TO UPGRADE THE FIRMWARE (android version) FROM 2.1!!!! this means that while your friend's phone is running 2.3, and it's a known thing this phone can handle 2.2 - Motorola have no intention of allowing for version upgrade.

THE PRODUCT APPEARS TO BE NEW. I USE THE TERM APPEARS SINCE I DID NOT RECEIVE THE STEREO EAR PHONE AND THE SD MEMORY CARD. EVEN THE SCREEN FILM PROTECTOR IS STUCK UPSIDE DOWN WHICH IS NOT SO MOTOROLA LIKE.HOWEVER ITS BLUE TOOTH/WIRELESS/PICTURE AND SOUND QUALITY IS EXCELLENT.I HAVE USED ONLY MOTOROLA EVER SINCE MOBILE PHONES WERE LAUNCHED AND I AM QUITE HAPPY WITH WHAT I HAVE.I HAVE ALSO PURCHASED A MOTOROLA OASIS AND AND ROADSTER 2 BLUETOOTH EAR AND CAR SPEAKER PHONES. BOTH ARE PAIRED PERFECTLY WITH THE XT 720. I HAD ALSO NO PROBLEMS IN TRANSFERRING CONTACTS AND PICTURES FROM MY OLDER MOTOROLA MILESTONE. IT HAPPENED WITHOUT ANY HITCHES.I JUST WISH I GOT A CONFIRMATION THAT THIS PHONE WAS NEW AND REGARDING THE SD AND EARPHONES.

I bought this phone because mine, well, is a slider and has been discontinued for a few years. This is the first touchscreen phone I have ever had and I love it. I wanted a phone with a good camera and a music player. I loaded all my music on it, and man is this thing loud and clear! Great for sharing some songs or using it as an mp3 player. The pictures, although when you take them look grainy, come out nearly clear. Videos are a little on the ok side, but still good. Very easy to learn, easy to install and customize it the way you want.Highly recommend this phone for anyone who wants a smartphone but doesn't want an iphone. So much cheaper, and does the same things!!

I bought this phone on october 2011 and sold it on January 2012.Pro'sGood sound SpeakerGood camera quality (wide)Metallic SkinGood Screen qualityCon'sMicro sd card not compatible, you need Class 10 minimun to get the phone working goodOld 2.1 Eclair software, you have to upgrade a custom rom to have the phone up to dateMaximun SD video resolution (640x480) on a custom rom and class 6 memory.Only HSDPA 1700 - 2100 frecuencies. (Not working in most latin americas network)I really sold this phone because there is no HSDPA network in my country and it's an old phone (2 years)

the battery of this phone does not last even one day . i dont if something wrong with the phone .

I got this phone via one day shipping Nov 5th. I just got back from the post office from mailing it back to Amazon (Nov 9). During my FULL three days of ownership I must say that the phone is indeed a very nice phone. I will list some pro's and con's I found for the phone...Pro's:-Android 2.1 (Eclair) Pretty decent (this is listed in my con's as well)-8GB micro sd card (I did not get around to using this as I have my 16gb card from my other phone.)-Nice bright screen. Also it is rumored that it is made with gorilla glass (so it will be hard to scratch up.)-Sound quality from music and phone calls are nice, although the music volume could stand a tad bit improvement.-When navigating through the phone to find things there is little to no lagging.-Apps are easy to install from market. (Must have internet connection to access it).-Camera and Video Recording qualities are decent.-Wi-fi connection avail... (To my knowledge, per jessica from tmobile, they do not charge you if you use your OWN wi-fi connection, so thats a plus.)-This has a speed of 720 mh so it is close to 1gh like the droid x and other phone models.-Overall look of the phone is awesome, I took it out in public once and got loads of compliments.There are more PRO's, but I cant remember them all, I will update later when they come to mind...Con's:-While the Android 2.1 is nice, everyone on the motorola and mobile forums are waiting for the Android 2.2 update that way simple things such as saving photos and apps to memory card will be easy as pie.-The shutter sound everytime you take a picture. Even if you have it on silent/vibrate and take pictures then, the shutter is always on and loud as heck to boot. This is definitely not the phone to have when trying to sneak a picture of something because it will get you caught,lol.-While the screen is indeed nice, it is also a magnet for fingerprints and smears. I found myself constantly wiping it off. Tried to use a stylus to eliminate fingerprints, and its not calibrated for that, FINGERS ONLY!!! The back of the phone which seems rubbery is fingerprint haven as well.-Your apps save to the phone's memory instead of the sd card.-Your pictures also save to the phone's memory and have no option of being saved to the sd card (trust me I have looked.)-Unless your a programmer and can write scripts, there is no way to get rid of some of the pre-installed applications.-Last but not LEAST the VERY REASON that I RETURNED MY PHONE..... The battery sucks major ones..... I believe I had a faulty battery as I got it on Friday and from friday at 4pm until Monday @5am it has been on the charger for over 50 hours and yet the highest max for th batter was at 54%. I figured the 54% was enough to do a motorola software update (via settings on the phone) BOY was I WRONG!!! My phone has not been the same since. I had it on the charger during the update and the led lights came on, the moto logo would appear every ten minutes or so, but it wouldnt load up... I figured I would do recovery mode, was able to pull it up, but because I was lacking battery juice so I couldnt go through with it. I dont understand how a phone can be on the charger left alone for at least 6hours with no usage at all,and still not even be 15% charged.Aside from the battery issue, as I am absolutely PO'D about because I had to spend $15 to ship it back to amazon, now I gotta wait a whole week or so for them to get it and refund my money so that I can purchase a different one.Not to mention since I was not able to power the phone back on I was not able to factory reset it before sending it back. With the refund I will get another xt720, as aside from the battery issue (which i believe was faulty, plus I will be ordering a backup battery) I liked the phone. I think the phone is just what I want and need in a phone right now..A tidbit for those who are ordering from Amazon. I am not sure if it was just MY PHONE or if they recycle parts or whatever. But you will definitely want to review all of the items and check for usage before using them. As I was packing up my phone to send it back to them I noticed that the manual didnt look that crisp(looked used/handled before), the wall charger they gave me was scratched up and the prongs rusted at the bottom (took a picture of this, not sure how clear it is though.)and, the box itself was not "sealed" as most phones are, nor did it look new. I overlooked all of this because I was in AWE to have a new phone, but glad that I was able to check it before sending it back.. My thing is, if I am paying $400+ dollars for a phone, I expect EVERYTHING in the box to be brand spanking new, Amazon totally dropped the ball on this one. From this point on, I will be checking everything from them PRIOR to use.

very good. one thing could be better if the usable memory can be larger, and if it is a Android 2.2 system.

This phone cant be updated to froyo, and also you cant save your apps to your sd card, so please dont do like me and spend your money on this phone its not worthed

At first the phone was okay, But after a short time we started noticing things like it cant be updated and the android system it came with was not what it said it was it was outdated and could not be updated, then it started freezeing and erasing content without even being touched, ALOT of apps will not work with this phone, Then about six months after use i turned the phone off because one of the apps that do work was acting up and then turned the phone back on and BAM tiny black spots where the screen is going black three days later these small spots that i could deal with are now a giant black blob in the middle of my screen. where the black is you can't see under it or use it at all the screen no longer works there!

Motorola had promised a Froyo update for this phone months ago and only recently posted on their forums that it will remain on Android 2.1. Numerous people who own the phone have complained on Motorola Forums only to be ignored.  There is virtually NO support/updates from Motorola.https://supportforums.motorola.com/message/308166#308166

It'd say this phone is crap.. I had one and it was shutting off automatically, It takes forever to load anything. Takes forever to read you sd card.  I went and bought another the same kind and after a week it started shutting off automatically again. And I dropped it a Cupple days after I got it and instead of getting a chip on the side, it made two large black dots on my screen. If I were you I would go for a samsung or a different kind of motorola.. I don't give this phone any stars it sucks.

First off everyone saying that this phone sucks is probably still using the default Android Operating System: Froyo 2.1however there is a modded rom which you can go through and install Dexters Froyo 2.2 and there are videos on youtube that can help one do so.Dexters Modded Froyo Link:[...]Putting the 2.2 Froyo on is not the OFFICIAL Motorola release so therefor it is not supported should there be any problems with it. I believe Dexter has discontinued support and updates for this device (his modded rom), though I am not sure. there is still a fairly large community to assist you if you need any help for updates or run into any issues.Phone review itself:First off I'm a previous Blackberry storm user and I will say I liked the texting on that much better because the keys had 2 letters on them and with this phones narrow screen its hard typing in the verticle position as the touch keys are small and very close together. If you have big thumbs you'll run into a problem.In the horizontal position its a little better but very sensitive. It might be just me not being used to it yet but don't take my word for it.The Camera 8 MP.. but sometimes it doesn't seem that way. In video camera mode there are a bunch of lines going horizontally across the screen like its static-y or something -  so don't plan on recording HD videos on this phone.I used to own a Motorolo Krazr forever ago and it really reminds me of that phone. Same weight, and some material used to build the phone - metal, heavy, and perhaps dare I say some what durable?This isn't one of those phones where you can go to walmart and look at accessories for as this phone is kind of rare and you can only get it online if you live in the United States so don't plan on getting any accessories such as, screen covers, cases, or otterboxes at your local electronics places. Plus, Amazon is the way to go anyway, why else would you be on there?The side buttons do not work very well with the 2.2 froyo version I have and bringing up the camera is kind of slow to be honest with a slow shutter speed.Call quality is pretty goodI'm not sure how I feel about these Android phones... it may take me some getting used to.

This phone is a piece of crap. The day I bought it from that very day, it kept ejecting the memory card that came with it, so I thought it was a memory card issue, bought a new one, and still the same issue. Contacted seller an he was ok with the return, but refunded me partial amount. Deducted $50 something for a defective phone.Buyers beware of his seller and phone.

This phone looks like a million bucks at first sight.But beware!!Its got a stunning camera and a huge screen but thats about it.The phone is terribly slow.It comes with Android Eclair 2.1 and you cannot upgrade to a newer OS unless ofcorse you root it.The camera hot key is  literally useless.It takes ages to load the camera screen and before you are ready to shoot the picture, its too late.The phone drops calls often.even in the middle of the call, the chances of you getting disconnected is very high.Its not the network, its the phone.If you have too many apps on you phone(read more than 5) you are in trouble again.It is going to get a little more sluggish.Signal reception is poor.The gallery takes ages to load.I had a lot of complaints with this phone and I had it shipped twice to Motorola to service it.But it gives the same kind of problems.My warranty is long gone and I have no other option but to stick to this stupid phone.Dont ever think of buying this phone.It is useless

My experience with my new cell phone is great. the aplicattions of the phone is uncontable, and free in the most of the cases

This is one of the better smart phones out there. The phone didn't come with the original box or the hdmi connector for tv hookup, and the phone was set to german writing when I turned it on, however I figured out how to get it in English and you really can't beat the price for this phone is usually about $250.00. The phone arrived on time and the company responded to all my questions thank you. Tony Greenfield, IN

I did not receive everything that was included with this phone! There was suppose to be a &#34;generic&#34; charger included with this phone...and I did not get it.  I paid extra for faster shipping, and could have saved my money because it came in 7 business days like standard shipping.

It's just ok. No upgrade for this android phone in the future. Don't waste your money on this one.  The only thing good about this phone is the camera.

I have purchased this phone a month back and it took the international logistic arrangements almost 2 weeks to let me use this beauty. I am from India and got it from amazon.com as it was available at 100 USD cheaper cost than what is market rate here. From last two weeks I am completely hooked to the phone and has used almost all the features and installed tons of software from android market place. Before buying a phone I knew that the phone is having Android 2.1 and the version has few issues which google has promised that they will clear them in the next release i.e. 2.2. But After buying a phone, before it comes to me, motorola has published a model wise schedule of android up-gradation. To my utmost surprise, they have denied the upgrade for the XT720 and ruthlessly stated that there will be no upgrade for the device. I will suggest anybody buying this phone to be informed about motorola's upgrade schedule and check their requirements. The phone is a real good piece of hardware and android version it carries simply rocks!

Purchased this phone for my brother. Based on his review...he loves this phone and would recommend anyone who wants it

Shortage on internal memory makes the device slow when installing moreapplications. If your desire for hard working phone with multi touch screen, this is the real thing.

The cell phone is very good, all are high-end features. The only drawback is that Motorola did not want to upgrade the firmware to 2.2 Froyo hope he does soon, the seller was very fulfilled and I arrive in perfect condition strongly recommended.Thanks

THIS CELL PHONE IS GOOD AND DURABLE, VOICE IS CLEAR AND IT'S EASY TO CALL AND ANSWER PHONE.  INPUTING INFORMATION FOR E-MAIL IS DIFFICULT OR OTHER FUNCTIONS WHERE THE NEED TO INPUT INFORMATION IS NECESSARY.  BATTERY LIFE IS VERY SHORT IT HAS TO BE CHARGED EVERY OTHER DAY.

Phone works great especially with an unlimited data plan. Navigation does perfect turn by turn directions. Synced to my gmail account and loaded by contacts automatically. Haven't dropped a call yet. Thousands of android apps to choose from. Battery lasts all day.

Mobile navigation and access is not good. looks heavy. Battery is good but if you see 3G then it's drained completely. Amazon delivered at the prompt date.

I was skeptical at first. My friend told me all i had to do was switch in my sim card and boom like that i had a smartphone without a data plan. Considering this phone uses wifi i view it as an iPod, that can do more, that is cheaper, that has a better camera, that can call, that you can customize without apple giving you grief, and tons of other little tweaks that only android offers. It was slow to learn at first but now its like second nature. I have owned it for a week now and haven't encountered any obstacle I haven't or couldn't overcome. The biggest problem and only problem is the fact it is stuck in 2.1. However, Motorola did announce they will move all of their devices up to 2.2 if not giving a 100$ deductible towards another phone. This is a popular phone and they would be idiots not to pull it off. Regardless, beautiful phone, fits my needs and wants.I am now a Motorola fan. Hope you can be too.

I'm just testing this device but by now, I'm kind of like it. So far i'm not being able to install the flash player, but i'm not concerned about that. Screen is really big and the phone itself is heavy. Finish is OK but could be better and I'd preffer hard buttons on the front instead of touch buttons. Still now, recommended.

The phone will not turn on, it does nothing, I tried with another battery and still does not start, besides that is tapping the side. I need to solve this problem!

good afternoon phones are good I love your apps, do not give them 5 stars because the only bad thing is that not as update as I want to download some applications and asks me to have 4.1 and 2.1 is much truth I would be glad help update it, my email is georlandys@hotmail.com

I've been a dedicated Nokia owner for about the past 5 years and 3 handsets, back then I knew that there was nothing that could compete with my N series devices and my predecessor the great E71 due to unmatched hardware and excellent S60 OS. But as time passed, I wanted more from my phone.So after seeing all the fuss in the smart phone market, the two on top were Android and iOS. I never liked Apple as a company but was always inspired by the Innovative Google so I knew that an Android would be my next phone. (Nokia is still lagging behind with an intuitive and innovate phone OS)Since i don't live in the US, it is impossible for me to go to a neighborhood T-mobile or AT&T; and get a brand new phone for free. (Lucky Americans :) no hate) So i was on a hunt to find an unlocked android phone with the best hardware vs. price. After giving considerations to the HTC Desire and the Samsung Galaxy S, I chose the XT720, as there was not much difference in the hardware to warrant almost $200 more.PROS:+ Phone is solid and well built (coming from a mostly metal phone (E71) I did not want a plasticy feeling phone. the XT720 seems to be well built)+ Excellent OS (I just love this Android. beautiful UI and does everything i want and need and more)+ Phone is pretty fast. (comes with 720 MHZ processor that is capable of 1GHZ easily overclocked for great speed)+ Beautiful Screen+ Touch Screen very responsive (i was hesitant to change to a touch screen only phone. but with a little practice i type out texts very quickly)+ Excellent CAmera (Xenon flash is amazing, along with great AF system, and 8 megapixel i can take great photos and will always have an excellent camera whenever there is a "kodak moment"; photography has been a hobby of mine therefore this I must give major props for the camera system)+Call quality (excellent call quality i think it's due to moto's Crystal Talk technology. there is a mic on the back of the phone that works to cancel out background noise. works excellent)Cons:-Phone won't be upgraded to 2.2 Froyo (this is a trend taking place with all mobile manufacturers not only moto. they do this in order to have new handsets look more attractive for purchase)-Internal Memory = 128MB. there is limited internal memory which means that you will run out memory for apps some time. (Froyo gives the ability for installation to SD card but unfortunately you will be unable to do so on this phone) most apps are very small and you will still be able to do a lot with 128. plus a 8GB sd is bundled with the phoneIn conclusion, if you need an unlocked phone or you don't want to bound by bloated contracts, this phone is a great purchase purchase. Could have been 5 stars with Froyo.Note: most of the low ratings for this phone is just because owners are mad that it won't be upgraded to 2.2, and not on the handset itself which i think is unfair for such a good machine.

I hate this phone. If I could give it negative stars, I would. I'd like to contact everyone that gave it a good review and see how long they actually liked this piece of crap.I bought one for myself and for my daughter when we upgraded our cellphone plans. Her phone and mine had the same problems. The phone locks up, it has SD card errors, it randomly powers down with no warning whatsoever (even during calls). The flash doesn't work and the camera sucks without flash. It is painfully slow to do anything. There are several apps and games that simply don't work on this phone at all. Text messages are sometimes not received for days on end and then you receive them all at once. When it freezes up it will still ring and it still plays message notification sounds, etc, but it will not respond. The only option is to pull the battery and start over.I called Motorola because the phones were still under warranty - we had all these issues from about the first week of ownership. I sent one of the phones in to Motorola for all these issues and more, for a warranty claim. Motorola's customer service and repair teams are completely useless. After being without my phone for 10 days, I received it back from them pretty much as I sent it. It had the same errors that were listed on the repair ticket. All they did was a factory reset and apparently didn't even test to see if that resolved the issues. I could have done that myself. So, I called them and was promised a return phone call at least 3 times; my call was never returned. Finally I got someone on the line and they offered to "escalate my issue" and this time I sent BOTH phones in. I included very detailed descriptions of all the issues I had been having, per their request. Again I was without both phones for several days and they was returned to me in the same exact condition. Not one single issue was resolved. After many, many more frustrating calls and emails between myself and Motorola, they never offered any other solution but to keep sending it in for repair. I gave up.I HATE THIS PHONE. I paid good money for not one but TWO of this terrible product and Motorola refused to stand by it. How can two of the exact same product have all these same issues? I will never own another Motorola cellphone as long as I live.

nice phone at reasonable price

I am having a lot of problems with this phone1. When a Wi-Fi network is selected the phone regularly shuts down and restarts then connects to the network.2. The search button intermittantly works this is especially fustrating when looking for contacts.3. The music player opens, selects songs, plays them even selects party shuffule on its own. what is up with that!!!I have tried reseting the phone alot of times but the same problems still occurs. I want to send this phone back to you i no longer want this type of fustration. please let me know how to procede I am begging you please help me!!!Motorola MILESTONE XT720 GSM Quadband Unlocked Cell Phone with 8MP Camera and gps navigation--International Version with Warranty (Blue/Silver)

OMG I love this phone, is the best thing ever. I'm a Samsung girl now since I live in the states, but for other countries where you access is a little limited this phone is the best. I had such a great signal and the phone lasted me forever.

When ordered,it being an unlocked phone thought it would work with my choice of prepaid companys not so AT&T; refused,Boost,virgin moble,and Straight Talk.So it would be helpful if you disclosed this to customers like myself to save all of us time and trouble.But my return was handled in a very prof.manner by Amazon.Jo Mayberry

Had issue at first to try understanding what was going on with it and thought there was something wrong with it, but than figured more sensitive buttons on face of phone than thought. So it is a good phone just have to get use to i.

The screen on this phone blanked out half the screen after owning if for only a few months. Motorola themselves does waranty it, but this was not covered because it was considered damaged.It's great to have an unlocked phone, I could put a sim card in from any carrier all over the world, but the durability of the phone is poor.

Phone is great overall. However, I got mine from J Cellular and the mic doesn't pick up voice hardly AT ALL.

Phone is Ok for the price, old Android system and no upgrade. Seller should give more technical information about phone, it is a European version, 3G is 1700 - 2100 frequencies, check your provider for there 3G frequencies, EDGE still works on all providers, but EDGE is much slower then 3G.

OVERVIEW:There is NOTHING about this phone that stands out as "great". I have owned it for about 1 month and find it leaps & bounds better than my old LG GX500, but that ain't sayin' much. It has a few nice features such as the 8mp camera, which is among the highest in the cell phone market today. The touchpad keyboard is very nice for thumb typing, plus, I like the auto-fill feature (this is due to Android 2.1, not the phone, but you get the drift). Also, the Motorola Phone portal is a cool idea. To be able to manipulate some of your phone's settings via you PC over wi-fi is a useful concept, but poorly executed here since you are incapeable of viewing, editing, moving, or, deleting your apps from the low 173MB internal memory (some say 128MB, but mine shows 173MB) to your SD card. Android 2.1 does not allow for moving apps from the internal memory to the SD card, and since 2.2 will not be allowed by Motorola on this device it will soon become a problem of, "which app do I delete so I can add a new one?".PROS:-The 8MP camera and the Xenon flash.-Call quality is clear even on the ROSHON (Afghanistan) network.-Micro-USB for power makes it easy to find a replacment cable/adapter if ever lost.-HDMI output is a nice touch, as is the Motorola Phone Portal (even though I find it useless).-Battery consumption is a bit better than the iPhone 4. It all depends on how many features you are using and how often you use them, but I have gotten 2-3 days on one charge with minimal use.-Keypad and auto-fill feature is better than iPhone.CONS: (or Other quirks/gripes):-Can't swap apps from internal memory to SD card.-It's *slightly* bulky, a little larger than an iPhone 4.-I find the power button is hard to access one-handed as I'm pulling it from my pocket.-Sending a text is a 2-stage process of composing & clicking "Done", then clicking "Send", (I would prefer if the "Done" step was not necessary).-The vibrate mode is weak and I hate to use a ringtone. I miss calls/texts often while the phone is in my pocket because I do not feel it.-Skype video is not available with this phone.-Not being patched to Froyo (Android 2.2).
