
Economical in price, not too big, yet good experience as a smart phone.The only drawback is the lesser internal memory available.

I like this product than other because it has (Wi-Fi Hotspot)the camera not so good all the photos are not good,the battery not good as it require to be replaced by 1600mah at leaset to be same as iphone in usage.Android supports several language,Touch not as good as iphonephone sound and playing videos at this huge screen is good experimentconsider iphone before buying this product

Amazing phone and it definitely did fulfil its years as it was battered by my child and of course by the wife!

Excellent product the shipper did an excellent job in terms of delivering the product within a very short period and also the product itself is simply beautiful and highly effective...my only concern about this phone is the built in internal memory it is actually too small and u will run out of memory very shortly specially if you are planning on downloading many applications from the android market...other than that it is one of the most powerful phones in the market....

I was and I have to say I still am one of those die hard old style cell phone guys that always frowned upon these hot electronic gizmos,especially Iphones and stuff. But I have to admit that after playing with a friend of mine brand new HTC Desire the next day I had my own in my hands,while my old beaten Nokia finally rested in a drawer.It's my very first smart phone,so I guess I may be too much of a newbie in this field to review or compare similar devices,but so far I have to tell you that this phone really works wonder. Extremely easy to setup and personalize,tons of very useful apps to download for free and best of all for a phone destroyer like me it feels well built and solid.Of course I had to buy the silicone case and the plastic film for the glass.I mainly bought it for my overseas trips,it really happened too many times to find myself in need of an internet connection. The only critic I have is the battery life. You have to remember to plug the thing in when you come back at home at night. Or,if you kept wi-fi,bluetooth and the works on all day you may need a socket a lot earlier.Many complained about bad phone reception but I have had no issues so far,even if I live in a coastal/mountain area where bad cell phone reception is the rule.

Excelente celular! Muito r&aacute;pido e est&aacute;vel. Nunca havia usado o Android e achei fant&aacute;stico. A loja de aplicativos possui diversas opes gratuitas e pagas. O &uacute;nico ponto negativo &eacute; a durao da bateria, cerca de 1 dia usando moderadamente.

The model name is just perfect Desire. Desire to keep using it until a better phone comes to the market. The touch screen is very responsive , the phone is sexy, the Droid system (2.2)  is amazing!! The only complaint is the battery the doesn't last too much, but mind you that happens with every smart phone if you keep using internet,gps,music, etc. Thank you Amazon!!!!!

I simply entered my SIM and all was running,the phone did upgrade over WiFi with no issues.realy good phone in a good price.

The Desire is excellent in all aspects, from performance to customization capabilities. The only problem is the battery that requires charging at best after 2 days. If you use the phone it may get you through the day.

When choosing a smart phone i had done a lot of research and came up with two options at the time, HTC and Samsung.  Samsung is great, but HTC has a little more innovation and technical aspects which i like and the HTC Desire is great at it.  I had previously owned a HTC Desire HD, but it fell and the screen cracked after a couple days of use and even after repairing it, i jus didnt want it again, but the phone was superb, great UI, physical feel and jus overall construction.  While searching for a replacement, i came right back to HTC and took a second look at the Desire.  Not only that, but my gf wanted a smartphone as well.  I ordered the first one from WorldwideDistributors through Amazon, with excellent delivery time and an excellent product too.  Moving on the phone now......Pros of HTC Desire.Great size.Sturdy Feel.Hardware Specs are great for the price.Camera is up to par.AMOLED screen is superb.The HTC Sense UI is wonderfully easy to use.Cons of HTC Desire, these are the make or break things for u, trust me.Battery Life is just average abt day and a half max with moderate to heavy use (Samsung Galaxy S i9000 is much much better, but so is the price i guess).Internal memory Sucks, jus over 150mb to store apps (didnt see this as a problem as i rooted mine and can store apps on the sd card).No folder support, u cant make folders in the UI, u have to attach to the computer as a SD card and manually create folders (not very user friendly in that aspect).No more Android support, from what i have read, HTC is only going to release support up to Android 2.2 Froyo so if ur looking for something more up to date software wise, need to get something else..Just being petty i guess, but when in ur pocket, the speaker does not ring loud enough and u may have some missed calls.Overall what sold me on this phone is the price, it was very reasonable for the hardware, even though WW had it a couple dollars extra, u pay for service which is no problem for me.  I bought one for my gf and after seeing how excellent the phone was for me, i ordered a second one jus for me from the same distributor.  If u purchase this phone and u are keen on protection, which ive learnt about since i dropped my Desire HD, there are two cases u can get, the OtterBox Commuter series case (much better than the Defender series by far) or the Case-Mate Tough case, which to me is the best case overall, way better protection.I hope this review has helped u decide if the HTC Desire is right for u, i love it, but its not everyones cup of tea and the main personal judging point is if ur a geek and like to dig in to ur tech go for it, if ur one of those ppl that jus want to buy and use and dont care abt the workings too much, not the best option for u, though it is still an option.Enjoy!!!

Feature-wise, this phone is good.Good web browser, good screen, acceptable music playback, excellent mail and calendar with Google sync, Facebook and Twitter integration, and a bunch of apps to make it do pretty much anything.But I get about 8 hours out of a single charge, so I often run out of battery by 3pm.Compared to my old Nokia E71, which had nearly as many features, but would easily last 24 hours, the HTC Desire is a huge let down.And there are a bunch of poor design decisions: phone must be left on for alarm to work, can't check if phone is on/off without turning it on, can only have 4 browser tabs, need to have cellular coverage to use maps, etc, etc.I'll be jumping on the first Android device with good battery life, but this phone leaves me wanting.

I ordered a HTC A8181 from the seller last year,but he mailed me a ADR6275 which is much cheaper than A8181, there is no place to insert a SIM's card and can only be used for US cellular. I wanted to return it, but he did not agree.

It was a gift. ATT store had hard time to make it work to receive data. Then it worked fine. But it stopped ringing after 1 month. People were complaining that I was not hearing their calls. Battery life is worse than any phone.Also battery is not easily removable. You may break the door if you do nt ay attention when removing.  You cannot browse the Internet .It is slowwww because it is not 3G. It is a nice looking phone and nice screen but it is not worth more than $100.00 ( similar ATT Inspire) .

Hi, my device isn't working anymore... I contact UK Repair Centre, but I need a proof of purchase to have it repaired, how can I proceed?

So.... after much deliberation i decide on the HTC 8181 Desire........ And for the week it worked it was a fantastic handset.However after just 7 days the speaker in the handset stopped working..... just like that. Phone never fell, never got wet, nothing. The speaker-phone and  head phones worked fine but the normal handset speaker... not so much.So after being a Nokia owner for almost 20 years I regret having switched to HTC... and for US $400. I hope Amazon/HTC provides me with a FULL refund as i am not sure i want another HTC phone.

This is a great phone, the only thing I don't like is that it does not support T-Mobile 3G frequency for internet access, Edge is very slow. As some reviewers have indicated battery life is not that great, but I don't know of any smart phones that have great battery life when used to access the internet, check e-mail etc. You learn to manage battery capacity by knowing what functionality consumes the most power. All in all excellent device.

Just got this phone. I'm using Straight Talk. I have just found that after a min of talking on the phone it will drop the call. Happened twice. Also noticed sometimes I have service, then it will say I do not have service. Need to know if it is the phone or the service.

note:my phone was purchased from and is used with alltel(US)good- android os is fast and responsive, app store selection is good, screen is very clear and bright(although new iphone 4 is better), great looking, happy with camerabad-battery life is horrible if you use it HEAVILY(games, web, texts, calls).  I'm talking only getting 3-4 hours before I need to recharge...HOWEVER...if I use the phone for just checking emails and some occasional texts/calls I can easily get through the day(12 hours or more)  Turning off wifi/mobile internet/gps/account sync helps with battery.  Video is adequate but can be quite shifty especially in low light.  I regret not getting a phone with a slide down keyboard.Overall I am extremely happy with the phone and it's lightyears ahead of the blackberry curve I had previously.  Go with largest screen you can afford.ps.  extended 3000mAH battery available for seventeen bucks here

Excellent. Let's do Amazing!The best experience with this cell fone. Very easy use the HTC sense. There are all functions for day by day. Don't wait more... buy now.

Well, I bought this phone for the Android Operative System, It already came with the Froyo Update, all the cool features were enabled (Menu navigation, HD Video Recording, etc...) the widgets are just excellent, useful and some of them are for fun, like the Friend Stream, which allows you to have your Facebook/Twitter updates in a single window, another nice widget is the Weather, it locates you where you are, if I move to a different city, it will show the current position and the weather (Data transmission required). The camera is Fantastic, it take excellent pictures and HD Videos with Great quality.The phone itself is not too heavy, very comfortable in your hands and so intuitive to use, the Android OS manage everything in such a fantastic way (Phone alerts, text messages, widgets, visual effect) you really enjoy using the phone, I had some problems setting up the Internet for my Service Provider (I thought I already had active, but no =P)but I finally did it, it works like a charm I am able to access Internet and a very smooth way, use my Mercury Messenger application (Downloaded from Android Market), download music, everything; I really like the way how the phone manage my Emails (Email Widget by HTC), you have the option to see just the headers, a little of the message or the whole message. The "People" Application (By HTC) allows you to link your phone contact with their Facebook/Twitter/Flickr account, you can select which picture from the services you want to use as a contact picture, if the contact updates that picture, it will be updated in your phone too, you can see all the contact's updates from the People application to have more specific information about that contact specifically. The phone Works really fast (It has never froze with me) even though I have many applications running in background, remember that the amount of applications you have running at the same time is proportional to the battery consumption, besides of the Social Network applications it also has some business applications, like the PDF viewer and Quick Office.Finally, in my opinion is such a great phone for a young guy with social network addiction, like to a Business man that uses his phone to stay in contact.

I Love my new phone so much. Its perfect, but I know it would be slightly inferior to some newer phones out in the market. But this phone is definitely the best in its genre.

I've been using the HTC Desire for about a month now, and I'm very, very satisfied with it. Purchased in the US to be used in Brasil, it is working wonders with a local service provider SIM.First off, the phone's design is not as groundbreaking as the iPhone - to me the iPhone 4 is the best looking phone so far - but it's not without its qualities. It has a clean and discreet design, and I like it that way.The Android OS with the Sense UI runs very smoothly with the 1 GHz processor built on this phone. The applications run slick, and no problems in multitasking. The screen is very sharp and very bright, the touch control is fast and accurate, pleasant browsing experience and lots of apps to boost your phone from the Android market.Call quality hasnt been an issue yet, no dropped calls so far. Signal reception is good, and call sound is... well, ok for a phone. The music player is very good, although it lacks an equalizer (I dont really miss it though, because music playback quality is good enough without EQ when using a better pair of headphones than the standard - I'm using the Klipsch Image S4).I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants to steer clear of the control freaks at Apple, without any sacrifices (look for the reviews around the web, some sites rate the HTC Desire higher than the iPhone 4, and that means something).

I have had my unlocked HTC Desire for a little over two weeks.  At first, I was thrilled with it because it has such a nice display and Android 2.1 runs so smoothly.  In the last couple of days, though, it has developed an annoying issue and I think all potential buyers should be warned.  Occasionally when placing a call, the screen will go blank and there is no way to end the call or get the display back.  HTC delivered at least my Desire with this flaw - and there are some hits on Google about this.  All you have to do is Google "HTC Desire screen goes blank" to see what I mean.  Apparently, the proximity sensor used by HTC does not work correctly all of the time.  What it should do is turn off the screen and disable the buttons when you place the phone to your ear.  The faulty sensor does not turn the screen back on and enable the buttons when you pull the phone away from your ear.  I am hoping the Android 2.2 update will fix this problem, otherwise I am going to return my phone before the 30-day return period expires.** Edited to add **Two things have eliminated this problem today - and I do not know which helped the most.  First, Android 2.2 was offered on the Desire today and I updated it.  Second, one internet post indicated that a clear scratch protector may be causing the problem.  I removed the scratch protector from the screen and the problem has gone away.  I am not comfortable using it with no scratch protector - but I am much happier with the phone.

Hi, HTC Desire is a best of the best, except it has so many software issue, including camera pics keep disappearing and so many other users are facing the same issue but no explanation from HTC due its open source, think before u buy. i am also in tension spent $545 and this is what i ma getting a tension.

I'm using it in Brasil - So Paulo (Vivo), just switched de SIM card and it worked perfectly.I suggest buying some screen protector. Mine just got a little scratch in 2 weeks.

Of all the cell phones I have had, including the iphone 3G, this is absolutely without a doubt my favorite! Its fast, crystal clear, offers great photos and video for a camera phone and is expandable with the micro SD card slot. The touch screen is very responsive and the colors are amazing! It took a bit for me to learn the screens and figure out the phone without the instructions right out of the box, and I still have a lot to learn, but so far it has been easy and entertaining. I have an itouch as well, which I really like, but above all this phone has won my approval.I am not sure at this point if the Motorola headsets I am using are problematic or if it is the phone interacting with them, but on occasion with two different headsets I cannot be heard by the other party. I see that the headset has connected to the phone and I can hear the other person fine, but they cannot hear me. The last time this happened I turned the headset off mid-conversation and turned it back on, then it was fine. I probably should read those instructions...;)I have been very pleased with the droid apps and find them comparable or in some cases better than the iphone ones. I have not even begun to tap into this phones capabilities and already it has saved me a ton of time and money just in its capabilities. I recommend it!

I you're looking for a review I'm guessing you want the direct points with no fluff in betwee, so here goes:PROS:Feels like it has great built quality and can take a few bumpsScreen is bright and looks as good as any phone I've ever seenIt is very fast, even with all 7 screens filled, it never acts like it cannot keep upIt can play Flash via the stock browser which is awesomeCall quality is clearSpeaker on the back is pretty loud for playing music, to be a phone that isButtons are push and not just opticalBuilt in GPS is awesome and always up to date and has no extra monthly feesFM tuner using the included headphonesHTC Sense is the best UI in the business, and this phone shows it wellCONS:Battery life, I get about a day with wifi and sync turned on, make sure you have a car charger ready just in caseCamera is ok in good lighting but indoors its not the bestNo 3G with AT&T; as far as I know, just 2G which still works but is kinda slow but will work for things like email, Facebook, etcBottom line, if the battery lasted longer and AT&T; would offer support (or the other way around) this phone would not have one bad mark against itIt does cost a lot, but having the freedom of not having a contract to be sucked into makes it worth it in my opinion.

This is an excellent phone, is truly awesome, but.... I bought this phone (International Version) from this seller FGS, brown and everything, the only problem I got, was that the international version results to be Indian Version, that means, it has only 1 language English (India), Android allowed me to install an application to change the language, however, some text still appears in English, I think it should be explicit in this publication.Beside that language problem, the phone is outstanding, I'm truly happy with its performance and capacity, the battery "drain problem" is fixed with Juice Defender application, therefor, I think is excellent and you should buy it with eyes closed.I rated with 4 stars because I kindda feel this is a "tricky" publication.

Excelente Telefono, no tiene nada que envidiarle a un iphone, gran cantidad de aplicaciones en Android Market, muy rapido, interface intuitiva, hasta ahora todas las aplicaciones se ejecutan muy bien, lo he probado con sim cards de los 3 operadores telef&oacute;nicos en Venezuela y funciono adecuadamente, el &uacute;nico inconveniente que se debe tener en cuenta es lo poco que dura la bateria , opte por comprar un cargador de automovil ,en definitiva excelente inversi&oacute;n.

I have used this phone for over a month now and it is one of the best gsm phone out there on android platform.  Also, love android platform and all the applications it comes with!Phone is responsive and easy to use - one thing it could do better is set APNs when you travel around the world and want to use local sim cards - preconfigured APN settings are missing

I have had a HTC Desire now for over a year. I think it is time for a review!I love this phone there is just no other way to say it. I think it is stylish and I couldn't in all honesty live without it anymore.Pros:* Thousands of apps are available o the Android Market. I know you have more on the iPhone but how many apps do you want at any one time? I have more than I need.* My life is finally organized. I use the phone for its intended purpose and use the Google services that can be integrated with it. My Calendar is Google and synchs with my online Calendar. I can then be reminded of birthdays I've forgotten wherever I am. I'm also notified of new emails, and I can respond instantly.* It's very accessible, I can make fonts bigger in apps, zoom in on the browser and with my eyesight, that is essential.* Love the HTC Sense.* Love the fact that when I got bored of HTC Sense I tried other ROMS  and got even MORE customization capabilities.* ...and when I got bored of that I put Sense back on* It's constantly updatable. I feel I have a new phone every few months when I change things around.Cons:* I ran out of space on the phone memory quite often. To solve this I only had the apps I needed and then changed the ROM when I felt I needed more. Of course I then realized I didn't need all those extra apps and moved back to Sense.Why do I love this phone so much?Because I don't feel I need a new phone each year. Because I can change the look easily. I have to say, it feels like a new phone every couple of months. It's fast and does everything I need. Why would I need another phone?Ceri Clark, author ofA Simpler Guide to the best free Android Apps: 100+ apps to inform, entertain and organise

This is just one of the models that use the Android market and I would have never purchased any phone that used that application market if I knew what I was getting into. I have this phone for 2 weeks now and I am one of the hundreds or thousands of users that couldn't download a single free application for the phone. "Starting download" is the hated message that is seen forever on the Android market application.When we pay this sort of price for a damn phone we are not expecting to not even being able to download a simple free app, and if you search online for words such as "htc stuck on starting download" you will see how massive this problem is and for how long this has been around (single february at least) without a solution and with total disregard to the customers. I'm still waiting for the damn conference HTC will make similar to apples phone issue...P.S. The phone itself is quite good, but when the software works so poorly on something as critical as an application market I can only consider it a bad product.

This is a 2009 version and the seller doesn't tell us that, is a limited version. The android version has ceased to be operational it can't be update and for that you can't have any new apps or update it

The Phone doesn't look like a new one. The package contains no warranty or manual details. I think the phone might used by someone and internal parts are replaced. Don't buy this one.

I ordered this phone to replace my iPhone 4 on the ATT network and use while traveling with overseas SIM cards. Additionally, I am trying to migrate away from Mobile Me and this looked like a great option.  I really like the phone and the HTC Sense interface is quite nice.  However, this phone does not operate on the correct frequency for the ATT's 3G data network, so all data is transfered via the EDGE network which has slow data speeds.  Unfortunately, I returned the phone.If you want 3G speeds on ATT, make sure the phone operates on 850/1900 3G frequencies for data.  Even tough this phone operates on 850/900/1800/1900 GSM frequencies the data frequencies are 900/2100 which ATT does not support.

Fantastic phone, this is my first Android smartphone and I am impressed. Hardware wise I really like the rubber backing, nice and secure grip and not slippery like the plastic or metal most phones have. The metallic brown finish is another plus, looks unique and elegant. Love the HTC clock and weather widget and what to say about Android, just like all Google stuff its simple and intuitive - when using the phone or customizing it everything just makes sense. The phone is extremely responsive when swiping or running apps with no lag, also very good call quality on earpiece but only passable speaker. Screen is very nice, I have the SLCD version and have no complaints. Text is sharp and colors are vibrant. Even though it does not support U.S. 3G I chose the Desire over the Nexus One and Mytouch 4G. I like the Desire's look over the Nexus and MT4G as well as HTC Sense, optical trackpad and slightly updated specs over the Nexus. Funny how the phone is the least used function, Edge is not so bad for browsing but when connected to WiFi on my network it basically turns into a mini tablet for me. Web browsing, checking emails and news, media stuff like youtube, checking up on payments for auctions.. and on top of that its a touchscreen remote for my Squeezebox and desktop. Incredible to say the least.Only two cons with the Desire that most owners have already mentioned - the short battery life and usable memory. Battery life is not horrible but not great either, prob get a full day on moderate use. Memory though is definitely insufficient, only about 140MB of space for apps. Even for a light user like myself it is not enough and Ive ran into the low space warning once or twice. Fortunately the good news is that both these problems can be solved with a little modding (the fun part!), hint: google htc desire root. After a few customizations I am able to install apps to the MicroSD card to save space and get max about 2 days on the battery. Again, the default 1 day battery is not so bad considering the phone is used for so many functions, most smartphones average in that range. But I am happy with the mods that just adds on to an already spectacular phone. Btw I would also recommend the Case-mate Barely There case for the Desire, adds a little more grip and protection but does not affect the size or look (hence the name). Overall extremely satisfied with my purchase and highly recommend the Desire, HTC and Google rocks!

HTC arrived at such a perfect design --- simple, no-BS, perfect size, gorgeous screen, no nonsense --- that my only fear is that they will decide they need to change it just to change it.Best of all are the PHYSICAL BUTTONS.The only weak point is the battery life. But that is part of having a powerful, compact phone -- would I want it to be a bit bigger and heavier to accomodate a bigger battery? Not so sure.By the way, there is the issue of the Desire on T-Mobile, since the Desire is not compaible with T-Mobile's funny frequency. It WORKS FINE on T-Mobile, but on their 2G, not 3G, network. You have to set the stuff on the phone (easy) and have T-Mobile set it on their end.

In comparison to its sister phone, the HD2, this phone runs much smoother. The Android operating system makes every task easy to do, and often offers a widget for fast access from your homescreen. The only downside is the screen size. Whilst 3.7 inches is a good size, the HD2 boasts a 4.3 inch screen, all the better for games and films.Android currently offers tens of thousands of applications for every task and area of entertainment, many of which are free. With 5 megapixels you would expect good quality photos, however Android does not seem to render the images as well as Windows Mobile.The HTC Desire comes with Froyo (v 2.2), but offers free updates when Google decide to remember to release it.I would still choose this phone over the HD2.

I got the international unlocked GSM model with waranty to use it all over the world!Now I set down in Brazil with a phone that freezes after 5 mins. of use. Have don all the suggestions HTS-support give about the freezing problems, but still keeps freezing!Tried to talk to HTC-support US they told me to contact HTC-Support in Brazil and Brazil told me to contact FRANCE!!!!...the biggest joke in the world!!!!!If you google the Desire you will find that there is a lot of people with the same problem and it looks like HTC don't have a solution to the problem!!!Therefor my recommendation for now: DON'T BUY THE HTC DESIRE PHONE at this moment 01.05.2011!!!!!My HTC repair ticket number from the US 10USCW52ENA001558 (if anybody from HTC read this!!!)

A nice product but very limited in internal memory for additional appsIf you put a navigation app like IGO you are doneNo more space for additional appsIn addition heat up when gps apps are active or intensive web activityAnd ran out of battery.Buy if u use it as phoneDon't if you expect more

I have just ordered my HTC desire and I am waiting to receive it asap. I have read the reviews online and have seen things it can do. I totally feel excited to have it and review it further asap.

The phone comes with Android 2.2, It comes with a 4GB Memory card ( this is not mentioned in the phone specs). Great phone. No issues. I am using it in India.

Carrying the new snapdragon processor this is a pretty fast smart phone. When I bought it it was still considered the best mobile around, not sure how it now stands up to the samsung Galaxy. I think they are pretty similar, with the desire being a bit more heavy and feeling a tad more solid in hand. The updated google maps navigation makes it into a decent GPS device as well, getting you the maps and updates for free. You do need to have a connection, though, so when you go abroad you would need a mobile passport or wait for an update that allows you to keep the maps offline.

It was delivered ahead of the estimated time and the phone is great and has lots of features. I use this phone when I travel out of the country.

As most of the people writting, it is in fact a great android phone, brother of the Nexus One. AMOLED vs SLCD=> No sense to compare. But potential buyers, specially those located outside the US, must be warned of the fact that international version mean that one item will be randomly taken from stock and shipped to you..and its configuration can be to anyplace , japanesse, chinesse, and in my unfortunatelly case, for arabian market. The difference is the preloaded applications through ROM memory. I bought an international version thinking that maybe, the cellphone could come with some spanish apps or otherwise some european apps (like language system, news, etc.). But when I received the apparatus and turned it on, Problems started. First: Only two languages to choose for operating system; English/Arabic. Fortunately I understand some english and said 'its ok but wish i have found spanish option'. Second: Found some muslim apps, at ROM level and it means that I cannot remove it, Specially one irritating program which reminds the muslim pray time by "singing" a chorus and there were no way to make it to stop neither by forcing it to stop through settings. It made me to be on the verge of flashing the OS. Fortunatelly, and looking through the Web I found the way to make a soft reset and now the program is still there but inactive. Third: Apps related with weather, time and world clock had preloaded arabic cities. In this case it was relatively easy to remove and change cities. Finally, I found some additional apps to compose with spanish dictionary. Finally today I'm fine with the device but after one week of thoroughly visit forums, setting it, etc.I suggest that everybody interested in one of this device, just buy domestic version. After all, I'm sure that ironically, it comes with spanish language option and whatever apps it brings, it always will be closer for europe and latinamerica than this "International version".

And the reasons for that pronouncement are twofold, costs less than half the price unlocked, unbranded and does as much or more without being locked into the confining world of Mr. Jobs. Android, Snapdragon processor (whatever that is-for me it could be a SnapTulip and I wouldnt know the difference. I only know it is fast). Really I don't know what else you can do with a cell phone. The battery is a tad weak but is rumored to improve after a few depletions and charges. Excellent phone.

The HTC Desire is a great phone and I've been using it for about 4 moths now. The only thing I can complain about is the battery life but I'm guessing it's very similar to other smart phones.

The HTC Desire is a great phone, when it works. I ordered this phone from FGS Trading so that I could have it as i travel overseas (I was recently deployed to Middle East with the military). The only thing is, I am one of the hundreds of folks who got an HTC Desire with the bad motherboard that makes the phone do random reboots (Google it for HTC Desire). If I talk on the phone for more than a few minutes, "reboot". If I use the internet for more than a few minutes, "reboot". If I use the GPS even for one second, "reboot".Of course, I tried factory resets. I tried anything I could try using the HTC Forums. I discovered that there were many others like me who were experiencing the random reboots, and the ugliest part of the problem is that the phone doesn't reboot once and start back up... it continues in an endless reboot cycle until I'd have to open up the phone a take the battery out. While I was in the Middle East, I couldn't readily take it in for a repair. I had to wait to get back to the States. In December, I tried contacting FGS for help, and I got this response by email:****************I am sorry to hear this. This is the first i hear about the random reboot problem, but HTC would be the best bet to support the device at this point. If it's a motherboard problem, a warranty replacement would be best (if it was a software issue, a firmware upgrade would help, but it sounds like all the other people you checked with point to the motherboard).Please let us know if HTC was able to assistHappy holidays, and stay safe!****************Yeah, Happy Holidays... Well, HTC said that they couldn't help me, and not being able to do much from my deployed location, I got my sister to send me a Nexus S (which I love). Now that I'm back in the U.S., I have been trying to get HTC, FGS, and anyone else to help me, but to no avail. Here's what I get from FGS:***************HelloThere is not much we can do at this point, since we are not the end user. HTC does not offer warranty support for resellers, they usually ask resellers to accept returns during the first 14 days, and then after that end users are asked to contact them directlyEmma***************I tried calling HTC in the UK and Germany, and from them, I found out the the phone's IMEI is from Vodafone. So now I've been calling Europe to Vodafone Customer Service, and I keep getting passed off to different folks who give me the runaround. I'm at the end of my rope. I'm now going to have to send it to a friend in London who can try to take it to a Vodafone store for me and see if I can get some help. Now, after paying over $450 for a phone, is that the customer support I am entitled to?If you think that you may want service for your phone, do not buy from FGS Trading. You will be out of your hard earned money with no support.

El equipo llego en perfecto estado,funciona bien, el unico inconveniente es que es una version internacional europea y no tiene idioma espa&ntilde;ol. Lo solucione instalando del market morelocale2 y listo.

Had the phone for two weeks now and have run into a few problems.  One minor problem  was the language setting. The phone came from Amazon with settings for english but only from Asian countries (Vietnam, Malaysia, Pakistan etc...). No U.S. or British english settings. I found a video on YouTube on how to fix this but it involved downloading files and resetting the phone. A major pain! Not something I should of had to deal with right after taking it out of the box.The most significant problem, however, is lack of a 3G connection and no internet connection when outside a wifi hotspot. The internet simply does not work when connecting through your carrier. Lots of people around the world have this same problem and have found various was of making it work. Unfortunately, none of those suggestions have worked for me so far. Someone posted that HTC is aware of this problem and working on a fix, but so far, nothing. This would be a fantastic phone if those problems were fixed. If you are set on getting the HTC Desire, I would wait until the bugs are worked out. Otherwise, I don't think it's worth the trouble.

I love the photo that Desire was able to take, which was one of the reasons I bought it other than good price. But after using for 1+ year, it was quite disappointing to find too many uncontrollable process running in the phone. I am quite technical but there were no available means to kill the processes. I have to charge it every night in order to use during the day for half of the day. Then need to charge again in the afternoon. If I do not charge the phone before goes to bed, even 50% battery will run dry the next day without even being used overnight.  Before HTC Desire I was an IPhone user. I'm switching back to IPhone.

Does this phone's 3G work with AT&T;'s 3G (1900mhz) or another carrier's (1900mhz) 3G network? Need to know before I buy this, because the carrier I use in my country has its 3G network over a 1900mhz band...I know it works with my carrier's gsm speed (900mhz band), but i would like to get 3G speeds aswellthanks, in advance
