
This phone would randomly freeze and turn off within the first couple weeks. After a little over a month, the phone just completely stopped working. There was no water damage and I had hardly dropped it beforehand. I tried taking out the battery and everything, it just wouldn't turn back on no matter what. That was about a week ago, and it hasn't turned back on since.

I love this phone it is so easy to use. I can see the keyboard and don't make as many msitakes texting.

Great phone for the money. Easy to operate and also a nice looking phone in a sapphire blue. I would definitely recommend this phone.

purchased this phone used but in good condition.....I like this phone.  However, ringtones are very generic....don't know if this is from the carrier or the manufacturer as I had an LG before with good ringtone choices but carrier didn't work for me....anyway.....good as a basic phone.....voice quality better than I expected....does anyone happen to have an owners manual for this?....I really would like to have it....

The phone is good for texting and calls, the camera could be better. On my old phone the ringer was louder, and it stayed fully charged much longer. the touch screen isn't that good, sometimes you have to keep touching the screen till it finally decides to respond and change over to what your trying to get to. It's a okay phone.

I got the order between the dates that I expected it. It was exactly as the seller claimed it would be; new, no scratches or anything like that. However, and I'm not sure if this is just a fault in the phone itself or the seller, but when I send a text message it brings me to the &#34;home&#34; page and the phone will stay like that. Thankfully, it's easily remedied by pressing the lock button then unlocking it (so it's really not a problem, just an annoyance). However, I have had this phone before and it did not do that. Regardless, so far it has been a good phone other than the little nuisance.

I have had this phone and it IS NOT WORTH paying for. It lasts forever but it has bugs and brakes down alot. for a free phone it was great. Just dont pay for it.

this phone is very nice and simple but it has a big problem for middle east countries because it doesnt support arabic and this was unknown when we bought it from amazon to come to me at saudi arabia. i hope we can solve this problem and every thing will be ok.

I LOVE this phone, but had a hard time trying to figure it out, as there was NO manuel with it. So trying to get this on my own has been an adventure. The phone is smaller than I would like, and the keyboard has NO back lite, but otherwise it's ALL GOOD!!

This was a terriable phone to small and it was doing whatever it wanted not to mention I hate lg phones they suck but this one just made me hate it even more and realize why... I sent it back great price terriable phone

I was very excited about this phone.  It came fast and nearly exactly as described.  Unfortunately the phone was NOT UNLOCKED and I was unable to use it.  The return process was easy.

NOT A SMART PHONE!! we thought we were ordering a smartphone.. and boy were we highly surprised when we found out that this was a MAJOR downgrade

This Cell Phone LG Xenon 500 was described as being able to use with AT&T and T-Mobile. I feel as this statement was not true. I purchased this cell phone to use with T-Mobile account. I was able to receive text messages but unable to receive pictures because it had the MMS settings for At&T. No matter who I talked to or tried the settings could not be change to T-Mobile. As a result of this I returned the phone to Amazon and received a refund very quickly..

I must say that when i recieved the item i was frustrated for a while cause there were some problem and i tried getting the person which i purchased from but i guess he was busy and that frustrated me even more due to the problem i was experiencing. I however managed to get that person and we were conversating back and forth trying to resolve the matter and so we came to an understanding and the entire situation was dealt with in a timly manner and im happy with my order now.....Thanks again

My daughter bought this phone in July to replace her old phone of two years. She's had it for about two months now and wants to write a review.The phone itself was great: keyboard fully functional, touchscreen nice and responsive. I especially liked that I could set it to vibrate when I touched a button on the screen, so I always knew if I'd made contact with an actual button. I didn't have a data plan so I can't speak for the web access. One thing I didn't like was that the headphone jack wasn't standard, so if you plan to listen to music you'll need their special headphones. They're great headphones, but I hadn't wanted to spend the extra money. I also had to buy a microSD card for the music, because you can't upload music without one. Once that'd all worked out, the music quality was fantastic. It was super easy to set up playlists. The only other downside about the music was that the headphones couldn't process being in when the phone was jostled, so listening to music while running or in the car makes the phone skip. That'd be okay if only it didn't skip for everyone around me too.Another con: I dropped it for the first time about two weeks ago, which made it turn off. I had to plug it in for a few hours to get it to turn back on, but when that was done it worked well again. Then, a week ago, I dropped it a second time (on a carpeted floor, I might add), and it has completely ceased to be functional at all. I've tried to charge it multiple times, I've taken the battery in and out to try to reset it. Nothing works. It's a kind of expensive piece of metal and plastic now. I'm going to have to replace it with a less expensive phone that I can drop without having it break forever.

Purchased this phone 2 months ago and it "re-locked" again.  Seems fairly obvious that the seller is not unlocking their phones in a legitimate way, but rather are using methods not supported by the manufacturer/original provider.  I would recommend not buying from them.

I got this phone a few weeks ago because my smartphone had too many quirks and I have several months before I can upgrade. It works great for phone calls. Answering and disconnecting calls is so easy to do, no sliding like with the android. But as far as texting it is not the best. I like larger buttons and that is why I wanted a slide out keyboard. But the buttons are too small to easily text. I also noticed that the screen is not as sensitive to touch as it should be. Trying to get something on the screen to move or work can be frustrating because it takes some effort to manipulate, move, whatever. The battery is not as bad as some reviewers have stated. It lasts a couple of days with normal use. It is NOT a smartphone so don't expect it to be. But, all-in-all, I give it a B overall.

I bought this phone for my daughter, for her, it`s good and fun, however, the USB cable was not good, initially i tought was the charger itself, then tried different ones and worked, i didn`t bother making a claim about it cause i lie in Costa Rica and i`ll spend much more in receiving this simple cable.

objeto obsoleto, dif&iacute;cil de usar y se da&ntilde;a con facilidad, es peque&ntilde;o por lo tanto si tienes dedos grandes mejor no lo compre

We love this phone!  The touch screen works very well and the slide out qwerty keyboard is nice and smooth.  I really like the question mark button!  We only use phone and text, so I have no idea how data works.  This phone is great for the price, highly recommend!!

This phone met my expectations. It does have a few of the problems other reviewers complained about, such as an occasional frozen screen, and a relatively short battery life. However, they aren't so bad that I would consider getting a new phone, or give it less than four stars. It's good for what it's advertised for, a texting phone with more of a smartphone feel. The only major con about it is that it isn't able to be customized as much as other phones, in terms of setting a lock screen picture, or making your own ringtones. All in all, it's a really good phone. I would recommend it to anyone who wants the feel of a smart phone, but without the expensive data plan required.

The phone did look brand new bu t every time you opened the keyboard the screen would shut off. And go black..causing you to reboot the device....

The phone is wonderful but the battery doesn't hold a charge very long.  It has to be charged every other day with minimal use.

This is the worst phone that I have ever had! Do not buy this phone! It only rings sporadically, even if the settings are not changed, the GPS does not work, the games do not work, it is horrible. If you want to change settings (volume, etc), you have about 2 seconds before the screen locks itself again. The CAPS and Function lock keys are ont intuitive and need to be turned off every time you turn them on (whereas most phones will turn themselves off after one character, unless you set it to stay on). I hate hate hate hate this phone. Don't waste your money. I had a better phone in 1998 with the original Nokia, that is how terrible this phone is!!!

Es un telefono con muchas aplicaciones y capacidades por el precio. Lo compre para mi esposa, ella lo ha usado por 6 meses y ha funcionado muy bien. El internet es rapido, las fotos se ven bien, es facil de usar, la pantalla tactil y el teclado QWERTY hacen que sea un gran cel. Vivimos en Costa Rica, lo ha usado con Kolbi y Movistar, y ha funcionado perfectamente con los 2 proveedores.

I have had this phone for about 6 months now and have had NO problems out of it. I read reviews that talked about the screen freezing up but this has never happened to me. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

this phone has some problem with screen. after week when I bought this phone the screen started turn off itself. I don't know why (no damage). but the phone functions is grate. it's very nice & easy to use. If you are going to buy this phone, you should buy new screen & battery same time.

A BIG LIE, THE PRODUCTS TIGERDIRECT. INC.  SELLs DO NOT WORK AT ALL. NOT GOOD SELLER. Let me tell You Everybody my HORRIBLE experience in this PURCHASE.  I bought TIGERDIRECT. INC.  a NEW phone, a few days ago, I received the phone. AND  the PHONE DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, IT DOES NOT EVEN TURN ON.  I am trying to contact the seller to solve the problem, however I HAVE NOT Received ANY ANSWER YET.  THE PRODUCTS THEY SELL DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, I NEED THE MONEY BACK. THE PHONE YOU SENT ME DOES NOT EVEN TURN ON.  BUYERS IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO GO THROUGH THIS HORRIBLE and OVERWHELMING PROCESS, DO NOT BUY TO THIS SELLER, WHAT A  HORRIFIC Experience. THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, I promised a new phone to my son, but this new phone that I bought to TIGERDIRECT. INC.  IS NOT WORKING. SELLER CONTACT ME.  NOT GOOD PRODUCT

This is a great first time phone for teenagers! My daughter really likes this phone. It gives her some freedom but not too much freedom.

I like this phone for the price that I paid. The speaker seems to reverberate at times, not sure why but that is not a deal breaker. For an unlocked phone, Great buy.

The LG Xenon GR500 unlocked phone is an excellent product. I purchased my phone in August and today I am still learning new features. The fact that the phone has a keyboard was one of the main reasons I purchased the product and I have recommended this prodcut to several of my friends.  Good product at an excellent price.

I finally received a response from Tiger Direct about the phone I purchased for a Christmas gift and received the wrong battery wrong charger and then put a request in within the 30 days for a refund. They never responded to my request until today 4-5-2013 and that was after I contacted Amazon Customer service. Now they are telling me that they cannot accept any returns past the 30 days period and that I should contact the manufacturer for repair or replacement.How and the hell do you do that when you have never been able to use the phone one day! It's never been turned on it has the wrong battery, wrong charger, are these people kidding me. I followed the procedure to return and request a refund then they never respond and when they do they deny it.. What a freaking joke. I will continue to pursue and put as many negative scathing reviews as I can. I'm sick of companies scamming people and stealing peoples hard earned money. Amazon should be ashamed to do business with such a scumbag company.

This phone was purchased from BREED refurbished.  First of all, the battery received with the phone would not hold a charge.  Amazon gave credit for that and a new battery was purchased.  Next, after only three months, the touch screen stopped working, making the phone basically inoperative.  I contacted breed, and they said the warranty period (only 45 days) was over, and there was nothing they will do about it.

Works well on international GSM systems.I have used it on South African and Zambian networks. No problems thus far. Good sound. Easily crosses between networks within country and between countries.Excellent network coverage.

The phone turned out to be somewhat of a disappointment, it didn't last but about a year ad then the touch screen quit working so I was not happy at all but however this  not the sellers fault, the seller did exactly what they promised and the pone was new in the box and arrived earlier than promised so my dissatisfaction is strictly with the phone

Phone is very stylist and easy to use.  Keypad is very comfortable for texting and easy to slide down.  No need to read manual.

It was an okay product. I mean I wasn't expecting the features of an IPHONE. My main concern is the battery life. But my solution is to have a charged battery in my car and one in my phone. Its like 5 bucks more and it is a steal.I think if people thought outside of the box more it would get better reviews. It's a nice phone with some nice features. Im not going to complain to much. It was a steal

I originaly got this phnoe for my teenage daughter couple of years ago through the service provider. I'm very please with this product and that's why I ordered a replacement phone of the same model.

This was the 2nd time we ordered this item from this seller. The price is great and the shipping was just as good. Unfortunately, the phone did not operate well. Like I said, this was the 2nd time- thinking the first phone was just defective. Unless they shipped us the same phone we returned the first time...there was an issue with the lock button on both phones. When you sent a message the blank screen remained until you hit the lock button several times (which leaves the screen up to send random messages). Also, when the phone was "locked" all the Icons would show up draining the battery.

I bought this phone for my daughter who texts about 2000 times a month.  We have had the phone for two months now and she loves it.  We have had no problems, and everything works fine.  Just put in the ATT sim card and turned it on, simple as that.

the first phone had problems with the caller not hearing me at all. returned it for another that one cant send pic messages or get them either. sometimes it don't even ring I just see I have a vm. i kept the phone didnt contact seller a second time.PIECE OF JUNK. IF U HAVE T MOBILE DONT BUY THIS. IT WILL NOT WORK.

This phone is my favorite keyboard messaging phone that at&t makes. It's not simple but it's not a &#34;smartphone&#34; either. LG makes good quality phones. I have never had an LG phone fail on me but samsung phones always do

its ok, buttons are small and it doesn't last long with a teenage girl wanting facebook. camera is reall dull on pix

My son needed a new phone, so I got him this one.  He has loved it.  He does a lot of texting, so it is a great phone for him.

i was very disappointed with the phone because i bought it unlocked and when i received it, it was locked.

Do not waste your money on this piece of crap. Bought this phone six months ago. Touch screen stopped working!

My wife just started using this phone yesterday, but so far it seems that there are no problems with this. Easy to use menus that take a little adjustment after using the Samsung Flight II, but she'll get used to it. My only complaint and the reason for not giving it 5 stars is that the wall charger did not have a usb cable incorporated. We happened to purchase an accessory bundle with case at the same time which just happened to arrive on the same day, so we have connection to our computer anyways. Aside from all that, this phone seems to be a great buy for the price compared to Go phones in stores around the same price. My wife seems happy, and that's all I need.Edit 5-20-12!!! We ended up having to return this for a refund and reorder the product for $5 more, even though the product was fulfilled by Amazon. They explained that even though the product was fulfilled by Amazon, it was shipped out by the seller. It turned out there was a minor moisture bubble in the lcd display upon receipt, so we had to return it to an AMAZON RETURN CENTER, and when my wife gave me the phone and wall charger to return, she forgot to remove her micro SD card. After contacting Amazon about the issue and a 3 day research time, I was informed that they were unable to find or retrieve the micro SD card, but that I could order another and they would reimburse me for the price (which was only $6.99 fulfilled by Amazon for a 4GB.) BE WARNED THAT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A MEMORY CARD, THAT YOU CANNOT TRANSFER ANYTHING TO OR FROM A COMPUTER WITH A USB CABLE connected to this  phone; SO NO CUSTOMIZED MP3 RINGTONES AND NO REMOVING PICTURES. I can't tell why this is since there is internal storage, but since Amazon is more than handling the problem they retain the 4-star rating for the phone. As I noted before, my wife had the Samsung Flight II prior to this phone, and they take the same memory card, but for those of you purchasing this as a new phone and  who would like customized mp3 ringtones or to transfer pictures off the phone, it would be a good idea to purchase a usb cable compatible with the phone and either a micro SD card or micro SD card with SD card adapter if you have an SD port on your computer. Oddly enough, we still have the adapter and case for our old micro SD card, but Amazon is replacing the whole adapter kit at their cost, so yet again Amazon exceeds to please with their customer service.

to whom it may concern i am very dissappointed with this phone it never worked right i will never order a cell phone from this seller in the future im not happy i really didnt have the money to spend for this phone so the phone is at my house collecting dust sincerly Melissa Gonzalez

Bought this phone and after a couple of days, the phone began to freeze.  I could only remove the battery to get it to work.  I started to happen more often as the week went by.  Returning it and hope to see a refund.

I purchased this phone over a year ago and has only given me problems.When you slide the keyboard out it powers down.I would recommend if you text alot soon enough the phone slide will go bad.

Purchased this phone after I lost my T-Mobile Galaxy for twice the price. Both have pull-out keyboards which I love for texting, but the LG has a nice touch screen instead of the stupid T-Mobile "roller ball." The keyboard has a better tactile feel then the T-Mobile which make texting easier. The one thing I don't really like is the unlock button is too close to the camera button on the side of the phone, so I keep pressing the wrong button since they are both very unobvious. In short I am glad that I lost my T-Mobile so I could get the LG GR500--a better phone if every way.

We got this phone as a replacement for my daughter.  It met her wants (touch screen and a keyboard) so we thought we would give it a try.  She loves this phone.  I was a little weary about the touch screen because of some of the other reviews, but its perfect for her.  Not ultra sensitive (a slight accidental touch doesn't send if off to a new screen), but sensitive enough to be easy to use.  The key pad works well and she loves the camera.

love it so much i bough this phone for my other daughter and she also luvs this fon thank you

i got the lg cu vu and it sucked so after 3 months i decided to buy this and i have no regrets. 5 of 5 stars

I love this phone. My old phone that i had was a Pantech Link two. It was acting up like crazy, and wouldn't let me text. I would NOT recommend that phone, and the picture quality was absolutely terrible! My mom decided she wants to switch from at&t to Verizon in 3 months and so i didn't want to buy an extremely expensive phone and then just have to give it up and get a different phone for Verizon. No, that would have been wasted money. So I found this phone and went to the refurbished section. I found one that was $33.00 plus $4.00 in shipping. and considering originally if i wanted this phone to be new, i would have had to pay $70.00 that is a great deal to buy a $33.00 phone. Especially since I am only 14 and don't have much money. My mom got an email saying the phone had been shipped, and the estimate arrival date was two weeks, :( two days later a box delivered from amazon arrived, MY PHONE HAD COME! to start you can set a signature and the pic quality is amazing. My fav color is blue and that is the color of the phone. I have dropped it 3 times and it hasn't gotten a single scratch!!! AMAZING. The keyboard slides easily and is very easy to text on. This phone has gotten some bad reviews about how terrible the touch screen is, but if you go to the volume changing buttons on the side and click at the top on the button that says touchtone, and then set the volume to silent, then the touchscreen is amazing. and it works amazingly. I lovvvvvvvvve this phone and will defiantly be recommending this phone to my friends. thank  you amazon this was a great buy and is a great relief from my old phone.

I brought this phone for my girlfriend & it broke in half. She just had the phone for 2 weeks only. SMH

Well, the phone works, as described. Good device for texting.GPS sucks, because the GPS is not associated with the phone but provided by att. So basically there is extra charge $10/m to use gps on this phone. And there is no location service in any app, including my installed map java app.The plastic is super fragile, anything can leave a scratch and bump on it, well, you cannot expect too much on a LG phone.Overall, worth this price.

Let me start off by saying my old phone (a Sony Ericson) lasted me a good 3 or 4 days before I had to charge it back up. This new phone (the LG Xenon) is HORRIBLE when it comes to the battery. Even after I fully charge it and talk on the phone with somebody, the battery starts to die off extremely quickly. I will talk on it for maybe 10 minutes and the phone quickly starts beeping at me to plug it in before it dies. So, unless you are planning to plug this phone in as you are on the go somehow, avoid it at all costs!Secondly, it limits the amount of text messages you can have. My old phone used to allow me to keep my old text messages, but the LG Xenon does not allow me to get to even 200 texts. Once it gets too high, it insists I delete the old texts, which is always a pain because sometimes I have important conversations that I would prefer to keep.Thirdly, it has times where it randomly shuts off on me. It will just go blank and shut off whenever it likes.The only good thing about this phone is the camera, which takes decent photos. They are not top quality, but for a phone they are pretty okay.Overall, please AVOID this phone! Listen to the negative reviews. Get something more reliable.

El telefono me duro mas o menos como 2 o tres meses con perfecto funcionamiento, hoy no me escuchan, No lo recomiendo

I love this phone.  I have an ipod and ipad already so could not justify getting an iphone.  I really like having a keyboard with real buttons to press

I got this phone for my teenage son.  The phone came very quickly and in excellent condition. Just so you know, it does not come with a sim card.  I ordered an ATT one from Amazon.  I set up the service on line.  Everything works fine.  My son is very happy with this phone.

Okay so i got this phone about 3 years ago and i was really excited when i got it, it worked great and texting was a breeze. well the screen flickers on and off now and it shuts off for no reason, the battery didnt even die but i mean 3 years is a long time so its a pretty good phone. oh and the camera sucks. its like terrible compared to the other phone cameras.

Son's first phone.  He loves the easy to maneuver keyboard.  The camera takes excellent pictures.  The battery also stays charged throughout the day.

This phone is easy to maneuver and user friendly. I originally bought this phone for my mother who I had to pry away from her OLD samsung flip phone that had NO camera NOT EVEN A SPEAKER PHONE OPTION! She was able to adapt almost immediately and made the phone look so fashionable that I bought this blue one for myself! The colors are a definite added bonus...

I've used this phone for awhile and the only major problem was that often, the phone would turn off when I closed the keyboard. I figured out that this is a software problem, not a hardware one. The phone shuts down at the point where it would be switching from horizontal to vertical screen, and it does so only if you have a lot of things in the memory. I cleared out some games that I wasn't using and got rid of the "sent" message files and since then it hasn't shut off at all.

I'm happy with my purchase. I spent more than I wanted to on a phone, but this phone had the BEST reviews from any website! I seriously looked all over and this came back the top rated phone every time, plus everyone said that the phone was user friendly and it is. I thought the blue would be brighter or deeper, but it's just an ordinary blue, similar to sky blue, but just a touch darker. The red one is much more attractive, but I didn't want to spend the additional $50.00, so I stuck with the blue. The battery life, I can't comment on, since I haven't used the phone that much, but it's the same size battery as the one in my old LG and that phone lasts for at least three hours, sometimes four, so I'm not expecting any issues with that. This phone CAN be used with or without a SIM card. Hope this was helpful.Update: 10/20/11I returned the phones, because we went with a different carrier and the phones were not compatible with that network. However, HP Electronics is a WONDERFUL company and this return has nothing to do with their products or service. In fact, they let me return the phones AFTER the 30days and gave me a FULL refund. It is rare to find a company with such concern for the happiness of their customers. Already looking into purchasing other items from them again. Love love love this company! They took good care of me and I could not be happier. I highly recommend them and can not say enough good things about them! Shop with confidence people, these people will treat you right! Thank you HP Electronics, you're great!

This phone isn't up the standards of modern smart phones but it's nice and doesn't have any problems with freezing or randomly turning off like my old phone did.

Nice phone for the kids, simple to use and setup.  Great for all of the texting they do, would recommend for the first time user moving up in phones.

I have owned this phone for exactly 2 years now. I bought it as an upgrade from my old Samsung flip phone. I was thrilled with the slider QWERTY keyboard....still am in fact. I liked having a touch screen option as well. But that's about where the love ends. The guy at AT&T who sold me the phone tried to warn me that his wife had it and that the camera wasn't great and he was right. I have never been happy with the camera. Pictures will be blurry unless the subject matter is completely still....difficult with kids...or anyone for that matter. I have a real camera, but it's nice to have the convenience of a camera with you wherever you are and this has been 2 years without that convenience. Even my old flip phone with no features had a MUCH better camera. I have also been frustrated that you can take video on this phone, but apparently can't SEND it anywhere. I would love to be able to put my videos on my computer, but it has not been possible, even with a USB cable. The other issues I have had started about 6 months after I got it with the screen freezing up and going black. Sometimes the screen would go rainbow. When this happens I have to turn it off, but sometimes that doesn't even work and I have to take the battery out. Overall, I like the look, feel and style of the phone. I would love to get another slider. But I have been waiting (rather impatiently) for 18 months for my contract to be up so I can upgrade. I would say there has to be a better option available.

I bought this phone for my son, who has had lots of 'updated' phones in his life. He LOVES the feel of the slider keyboard. It's almost like it fits his fingers better. The keys are slightly raised so that you can hit the proper keys with better accuracy. The only problems with this phone are: he wasn't able to receive picture texts (it may just have had to be tweaked), the battery will drain while searching for service in areas where signals are weak, so he has to make sure to turn it off in those areas. (Other phones didn't do this) Other than that, the touch screen is nice, camera takes great pics, and the other features are great as well. All in all a great phone.

if your phone doesn't use web, or is a cheap add on... if all you do is call and text- this phone is fantastic. it's a smart phone or an android, but it has the keyboard and conversation view for texting. you can get a micro sd card very cheap these days to have massive room for pics (camera is not super great but good) and mp3/ringtones.it seems like these are after market packed these days, but the equip is fine and if your lucky you'll get a charger that doubles as a USB data cable. somewhere in settings you can set the phone to connect to pc as a file viewer (for micro sd) instead of music player-- for loading or removing music/pics by pcso again- if all you do is call and text and/or can't get a contract upgrade, this is a great choice (GSM providers only, see description)

i give 0 stars because they take my money and i never recibe my order so this is not a serius company that what i thing

I like the phone, was hard to learn for me, the instructions weren't there for voice commands etc.; problem was the batteries were not good, had to replace when new and co. wouldn't stand behind that unless going through warranty, would take too long and I would have to pay shipping. I will not buy from this buyer again and I question they will stand behind the phone either independently. I still have one phone to test with new battery, but I think it will be okay. I love Amazon, they do protect the buyer.  I can test the phone for 30 days and return it through Amazon if it is defective.  I like my Amazon Prime too, even if paying a little more sometimes I get excellent service.  Love you Amazon, I am a person not a number with you. I am buying more and more with Amazon, my gifts and household things.  Shopping is so easy and so are returns.

Blue is my favorite  color too and I guess my name is lucky but my name is Olivia scesney p pritty

I purchased this unlocked phone from Amazon because I did not want to be tied to another AT&T contract (have another 10 months left before I can change cell phone company).  I've actually had this phone replaced twice by AT&T after using each for 6+ months.  Eventually I know that this current phone's display will scramble and colors will wash out.  I like the phone a lot when it's actually working.  Have had this one for a month now.  Love the slide-out keyboard, camera, and other tools.  Never had a problem with battery, camera, shut-off, etc.  I usually charge it every two days.  Thought about getting an iPhone but I already have an iTouch and just wanted a regular cell phone.  Eventually will get a data phone once my contract expires and can change carriers.

I bought this phone for my daughter and I, and no problems so far! The 4 Stars is because of some unusable applications.Pros:Great Display & Touch. Even in mass amount of sunlightGreat Camera! It details everything to look like 12MP (including HD)Easy to useGreat UI and a raised keyboard with handy extrasNice Browsing SpeedHandy Task ManagerCons:Unusable applications like Mobile Email, GPS, Yellow Pages and IM. (Unless you have AT&T;)Too Glossy. Leaves fingerprints on the buttonsConclusion: Worth the money and 5 Stars. But nothing is perfect isn't it? The unusable applications when you aren't AT&T.; Very Good Buy.

The guy descbribed it as minor scratches on exterior but the screen was cracked in the corner and the touch screen is hard to work because of the crack I would like to have my money back

please send me the cellphone blue color. blue, please. thats all.rikelbin pujols v. its for my wife and she prefer thats color. blue

For a $100 phone it does pretty well. It is a little slow sometimes processor wise, but overall works pretty well. I've only had it a couple of weeks, but it seems to be a pretty decent phone.

I bought this phone for my 13-year-old daughter, which she was excited about until exactly a week and a day after. The touchscreen has stopped working, and I am not prepared to spend money to have it repaired.I am now waiting to see how long the keyboard will work.I am, to put it mildly, most disappointed.I am;Disappointed first-time customer

HI  you sell it to me as unlocked phone i found it locked  . no one  able to fix it in my country pleas i ask if you have any way to make it work as unlocked  thank u

I hate touchscreen phones and I never thought I would have a slide out phone, and this one changed my mind completely..... I thought it would be hard to use in the beginning because of al the options but after day2 came I had everything in control, it's so great and fun to use!

I bought this refurbished from BREED through Aamazon... and it only worked well for 3 months. After that the phone started randomly freezing up, especalliy after text messages are sent. My last phone was the exact same model and I owned it 3 years without problem, till I dropped it one day and then it broke. I loved it so much I came here to get another one... but this is not a well refurbished item from BREED. And it's been too long to return it. Fail.

Within 4 months of having this phone, the touch screen no longer responded.  I thought I would be covered under the manufacturers 1 year warranty.  It turns out that Tiger Direct (the amazon seller I purchased from) does not print the serial number of the item purchased on the receipt, thus leaving me warranty-less.  LG refused to honor the warranty because there was no proof that the receipt I had for the cell phone was that of the actual cell phone I was sending in for repair because the serial number was not on the receipt.  I relayed this information to Tiger Direct through Amazon.com and was told they would not help me.  Dont buy this phone and dont buy anything from Tiger Direct if you want it to have a warranty.

I got this phone so that I could get on the internet.  AT&T will not help me because I am not on their network and My cell provider won't help me because It's not their phone.  It is a total waste of money unless I can do what I bought it for.  I could already make phone calls and take pictures.

The LG xenon is a GREAT phone for texting. It is also a great choice for those who want to upgrade their phone without the stress. Buying this phone is easy because it is not TOO cheap but it is worth the amount of money you pay. If your looking for a new phone and you like you text alot I suggest the LG xenon. Just buy, order, and when you recieve just pop in your sim card and your ready to go! This phone looks, feels, and works great! I couldnt ask for a better pone to have. This is absolutely my dream phone &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

Bought this phone when it first came out a few years ago.  Decided to buy a refurbished phone which was a big mistake.  Suggest you buy a new one as the one I purchased always had to be charged as the battery was always low. Even purchased another battery from another supplier and still had the problem.

This phone is great I love it!!! As a teenager I text alot so the keyboard is perfect!!!!! I LOVE THIS PHONE SOOOOOOOO MUCH!!! there is one thing I think you should know about this phone though. when I had my old phone i was able to record somethig and make it my ringtone, but on the lg you can only use non recorded things and you cant send someone a song over 1 minute other than that this phone is great!!!

the phone is broken and is always turning off. the seller did not state any of this on the info.

This phone is a piece of garbage I'm sorry to say it, my husband said he would have never gottin this phone if he knew how it doesn't keep a charge and it's a very touchy phone...

The phone came new in the box as promised; it works just like it's supposed to. I had the red version of this phone a while ago, and it works great. I love the conversation texting, wouldn't be able to text without it.One problem though, is that the charger that came with the phone doesn't work. I'm lucky I had a charger leftover from my old phone that works fine, otherwise, I'd be mad.

I ORDERED 3 OF THESE PHONES TO GIVE AS GIFTS, THEY ARRIVE NICELY PACKAGED BRAND NEW, I TEST RIDE THE ONE I WAS GIVING TO MY BOYFRIEND AND I HAVE TO SAY I ALMOST WANTED TO KEEP IT FOR MYSELF EVERYTHING ABOUT THE PHONE IS SIMPLE AND VERY EASY TO NAVIGATE, THE QWERTY KEYBOARD IS SOMEWHAT TINY FOR THE FINGERS, BUT IT'S OVERALL A SMALL AND LIGHT PHONE THAT WORKS EVEN BETTER THAN SOME OF THOSE EXPENSIVE ONES. I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONE TO TAKE WITH ME FOR WHEN I'M GOING OVERSEAS.

I like the phone as I already have one that I have had close to ten years.  When I ordered the new one I was hoping to find it upgraded to even better, but found it the same as the one I have, so I returned the new one.

bought this phone for my daughter and she couldn't receive photo messages. other than that the phone works great .LG Xenon GR500 Unlocked Phone with QWERTY Keyboard, 2MP Camera, GPS and Touch Screen

The phone is great when it works.  However, either it needs a new battery or has a short because it quite often simply dies.

I know this phone is a little old, but I wasn't expecting it to be this clunky, hard to use, and overall terrible. It looks nice, but it is slow, difficult to put music on, and getting apps is like pulling teeth, especially when you have it on a network other than ATT. I regret spending my hard-earned $70 on this, and I hope I can re-sell it for a decent price, as I expected more for such a price. Not only that, but the only decent feature about the phone is that it can play music, and when I try to put music on it, the computer tells me that the device is "Irresponsive or has been disconnected". Save your money and buy a different phone. If you want something with this one's capabilities, buy a Gravity 2 or 3 (the non-touch screen ones).

in the picture it looks bigger works fine just really small lol know wonder it was so cheap lol the product works good though i just thought it was bigger

Ordered this phone to replace one that quit working and am very pleased with the new one. Love the slide out keyboard that makes texting easy. Great price also.

I thought this was an amazing phone when I first got it. Honestly, its a piece of crap. When it sends text messages, it freezes after and you have to slide the keyboard up and down to get it unfrozen. Sometimes itll restart by itself if youre multitasking or if a task is working it too much. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. This is really not worth the money. I bought it as a replacement phone and I much have rather bought a fifteen dollar phone compared to this one. Mine also a few weeks ago decided that it was only going to charge when it wanted too. I just wanted a new phone so I didnt listen to the reviews at first, wish I wouldnt have made that mistake. Dont make the same mistake I made, you'll def regret it.

I had this phone for about eight months, I started to notice problems within the first week, but since every phone has their problems, I kept it. First of all, unless you're willing to pay $10+ for earphones, go ahead and walk away from the phone. LG stores don't hold the correct earphones for this phone! I had to order mines off the internet, and the thing broke apart a week later! Secondly, the key pad. The buttons are hard,and to switch to upper case letters you have to press the capslock key. No shift key! The keys are too close together, there's an internet key along with some other pointless keys and if you text fast, or even relatively fast, you end up stumbling over those keys too often. And the screen. After about two months, the screen would flicker, freeze and just turn off every once in a while. The camera is pretty bad too. Don't attempt to take pictures of anything that MOVES with this camera because it is guaranteed to come up blurry. And on top of that, my camera had never been able to zoom. The internet sucks too. If I was on any particular website for over three minutes the entire phone would shut off. The phone is now broken. I woke up one morning, and it refused to turn on. I am currently searching for a new phone, save yourself the money.

If you want a basic phone, don't need of all the apps like the newer smart phones this is a good phone.

So I bought this phone for my mother for christmas. Well I ended up giving her a broken phone. This phone does NOT hold battery! at all!!! My mom would make 1 call and it would hang up on her within 30 seconds and be dead, then she would put it on the charger and it would say fully charged, then 2 minutes later its saying the battery is dead, and I am not over exagerating it! If you don't want a broken phone! Don't purchase from here!!!!

This phone, on the first day, the touchscreen stopped responding, without the screen you cant do anything not even txt. then it worked again for two days, right now it's been three days and its not working. So I tried to return it and they say to email this person, but NEVER give you the email they blame amazon. They give you a number where nobody ever answers. I got robbed!!!! Please do not buy people!!!!! You WILL BE SORRY

This the phone I bought for my son, he is 17 years old, and he has a ton of music on this phone.

The phone is pretty good but the chick I bought it for left me =( maybe it is cursed or something?

My wife and I have had these Xenon phones for two years now and neither of us have encountered any technical problems.  It's not the latest and greatest, but performs adequately if you don't need or want the 4G bells and whistles.  Good value for money.

I love the phone, but the battery  doesn't last. Everytime i chagre it it turns off after the same amount of time that i charged  it for. Everything else works fine.

I received the device quickly and it was in great shape,.. but it was DOA. ( Dead On Arrival).. Would not take charge, not sure if it was the charger, the battery, or the phone ...

The LG Xenon GR500 Unlocked Phone with QWERTY keyboard. This is a great size to have if you do not use the web. I purchased two at separate times but  after two months of usage the screens lock. Cannot find anyone to fix the problem. Had to buy a different phone.

Had my first for almost 4 years loved it!  Couldn't find another when I needed the replacement.  Found this one for my 12 year old daughter.  Good construction and easy to use.  She has had this one longer than any of the others!

Went through two phones before giving up. Blue tooth is terrible and calls drop on their own. LG could not fix either or them. We'd be talking along and all of a sudden the phone would shut off. No, we verified that it was not our cell service that was dropping, it was the phone just shutting down.  Charged us $40 to cancel phone after only two months of ownership. Replacement similar phone from competitor works great. The only thing that is decent about the phone is the keyboard and screen are nice and battery life was o.k. Did an internet search and discovered that (in addition to Amazon) that ratings are low for most LG phones, just like their TV's do not rate as good as others.

This purchase was a disappointment. The touch screen has problems and does not work consistently. Also I cannot open pictures attached to text messages.

I was desapointed due to the fact that The charger associated with this phone was not working with the phone. I had to buy another charger.

This phone is okay, it freezes every once in a while, but it's okay and simple to use. I've only had it for a few days, but it's fine.

the phone wouldn't hold charge.everything else worked fine i guess. But when i returned it i didn't get all my money back.CROOKS

I just bought this phone but I bought an unlocked one so I couldn't get on the internet and I was wondering if I buy one from this seller will it be unlocked also, is it an AT&T phone (logo on the phone)?

Mine survived 3 months before the touch screen became unresponsive. When I Googled "LG Xenon GR500", the fourth auto-complete suggestion was "touchscreen not working." Apparently this is a well-known problem.My first recommendation is to not buy this phone. If you have your heart set on it, choose carefully the merchant from whom you buy it. For example, "The OEM Shop" gives you 7 days to return it, and there is no manufacturer warranty on their phones.

It might look pretty but its a horrible phone! the key board doesn't work. the reception is REALLY bad and when u urn it back on it losses all its battery! the camera is bad. u cannot get multi messages or pictures! BADDD

I bought this cell phone less than two months ago.  After 33 days, the charger did not charge the phone.  LG refuses to honor the one year warranty and is asking me again to send them the purchase receipt.  They want me to pay $42 for the repair.In summary, the phone is a piece of junk and the company behind it is even worse.  I will never again purchase an LG product; and I strongly advise all who are considering purchasing an LG product to purchase another brand.

was great for like 5 min. Then would freeze after every text sent. Not worth it. Spend money elsewhere, its bulky and comes in looking like a beat up refurbished phone.

The battery is very bad on this phone. The IMEI number for this phone is not what it should be in black and white on the back of the phone. Probably the most expensive mistake I've ever purchased.

this phone is not a good phone at all, I would not recommend it to anyone, i will be never buy another one of these phones

Its older than I thought and it does not run well on 3G or on 4G networks on the internet especially tmobile.

Couldn't even do the set up because the touch screen would not register my touch.  Wish I'd read the other reviews so I would have know that this would probably be an issue.  Amazon was awesome about the return though.  I thought I might have to pay for return shipping, but they took care of that.  Love Amazon - hate this phone.

Being of an older generation, I hate typing texts.  This keyboard makes it much easier, so I can communicate with those who don't answer when I phone!  (The younger generation).

I have had this phone for about two months now, I like to give things a good try before I make a decision. I think your money is spent best elsewhere. Constant problems with sending and receiving texts, still haven't been able to receive photo text's.I thought my old phone was bad, well, I was wrong. Two day charge, max, without a charge, and only about an hour talking on the phone, before the phone dies. My children don't even want to use this phone, I have tried to get them to trade me. I think that about sums it up.

This phone is HORRIBLE. I have had this phone for about a year. It worked well at first but after 5 or so months the battery life got very bad. My phone would die at least twice a day!! I still have this phone and it does not hold a charge at all it dies at least 5 times a day!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! The screen freezes up and the phone turns off by itself A LOT!! Hope this helps!

The phone is about as expected for an inexpensive phone.  The description for this product is incorrect.  Nowhere does it say that the phone is actually refurbished and not new.

i got an lg xenon 3 years ago and absolutly loved it. I have had different phones but always seem to go back and buy another xenon. Its a sturdy phone and very easy to use. Great size and texting is easy either way with or without keyboard.

My son likes this phone.  We did have a problem with it charging at first but the company was EXTREMELY helpful with getting that resolved.  Thanks!

The LG Xenon is a great phone,however, it smears sometimes on the back. The backing on the phone is hard to take off and flexible. The phone doesn't freeze. The LG Xenon is a good investment to buy.

Totally lost the screen after a week.  I was really disappointed in the quality of this phone and feel like it was a waste of my money.

We could not make this device work.  The seller attempted to assist us several times, but still no luck.  The item was returned and I got my money back with no problem.  I'm okay with that.

freezes sometimes and have to take out the battery to unfreeze.  other than that it's a good phone, touch screen and keyboard work fine.

El cargador esta da&ntilde;ado (oxidado) y tuve que comprar uno nuevo, ademas el tel&eacute;fono viene sin disco de instalaci&oacute;n,ni manos libres.

This phone is a great phone I love it does a lot of things and very user friendly unfortunately this one was defective and I had to return and get another other one.  I would recommend very pleased with the phone

I bought this phone to replace my wife's old phone.MUST SAY not bad for the price. It was shipped early

The touch screen does not respond and can't get the phone to reset without using the phone's touchscreen.  If anyone knows how to fix please let me know

The picture makes this phone look a lot nicer than it actually is.  Also the description makes it seem like it's just a regular smart phone, but really it's just an old-school touch screen.  The screen is rather small, much smaller than the picture presents.  I wouldn't recommend this phone for anyone who is trying to get something nice.  Battery did not last even a full day, even without internet use, and very limited texting or calling.Pros:Nice keyboardGood lookingGood sizeHas frequently contacted text listsUniversal ChargerCons:Horrible batteryBad touch screen (after a day the back button didn't work for the touch screen)Bad speaker phone (couldn't hear anything)Flash too brightOld technologyNo wifiBluetooth didn't work

The phone worked well, we used it to replace a phone that was broke. I recommend this phone the keyboard works well

I got this phone for my teenager son and he loves it! It's smaller than I was expecting, but for his small fingers it works great

I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE.I booked this phone last week and got it yesterday.Today I put my SIM card and tried to charge it.It made a beep sound and wouldn't charge at all.I am very much disappointed with this phone.I am going to return it.The phone I got is not a new One. It came with a scratch on the backside.

I was really hoping this phone would be durable and easy to use but she hates using it. Hard to text on and sometimes it doesn't even work.Disappointed to say the least.

Usually I'm pretty happy with LG electronics but this phone... maybe I should have done more research.  The touch screen responsiveness started fading out the moment I got it.  The keyboard is way too small to actually type on it and the touch screen is too small to use that instead.  Difficult to navigate.

The phone came exactly as discribed in ad. The phone is in good condition and it was shipped fast. I got the phone in two days. Price was reasonable and loved that the phone is unlocked.

The phone did everything that was advertised. It is a good phone for kids and.a spare. The is smal, you have to really press the touch screen and the vibrate mode on the highest level is light. However for the price and not requiring a data plan its a good little phone.

I bought this phone for my mom who is in her 50's. I thought it would be easy for her to manage texting because of the actual keyboard and simple other phone uses.....she liked it. However the phone screen went completely dead after less than 3 months of use. She could not access anything from the phone via the touch screen and some menu options were not accessible via the keys on the keyboard. I ended up buying her a new phone.

This phone is a great all around phone. it has almost everything you want in it, a gps a camera and a qwerty keyboard. the only downside to this phone is the touch screen sensitivity. other than that this is a great phone

Loved the phone at first.  Did everything I wanted and easy to use.  But after 2 weeks the screen suddenly became very dull or dim.  Had to return it but might buy it again.  Cant find anything else to compare.

I Purchased this as a replacement for an LG Neon that failed to hold a charge.  The Xezon unit I recieved had the same problem.  The Standby Charge lasted less than 24 hours.  LG Customer Services states this is a refurbished phone and not under their warranty.  They give no comment on the cause, frequency or nature of the problem.  In fact, LG claims they do not sell cell phones.  Unit returned to Amazon.com under their 30 day warranty program.  At least they stand by what they sell.  Do not buy LG products.  The company will not stand by them.

i have had this phone for about a year now, in that time, the screen has constantly frozen up. it refuses to receive picture messages even when i set it up to do so by the instructions of my carrier, the signal receiver sucks and about half the time says that i cannot make calls or send text messages even though i have bars, and it can only hold 130 messages at a time even though i have a 4 gigabyte memory card in it, there is no option to store messages on the memory card. the phone restarts itself all the time when i am trying to do things, and there is no apparent reason for it to do so. its really annoying! also the battery started to swell and i am afraid that it will eventually explode. i have tried to get a new battery, but this happened to the replacement as well. its not safe and it it so swollen that it takes two people just to put the back plate on it. i would not recommend this phone to anyone because it has so many issues.

the phone was good but i order the phone brand and i couldnt connect it but overall it was a good phone

This is a true quad band phone, it serves me well in hard to reach service areas.  The touch screen is fully functional, but the slide out keyboard makes texting or note taking a breeze.  Pretty good camera with a flash, the image editing software is very handy.  This is a smart phone without having to have a smart phone plan and works well with ATT basic data package.  Holds a pretty good charge, even though I average about 200-400 texts on a busy day.  Great bluetoothe technology and syncs flawlessly with blue tooth in newer vehicles.  The extra memory card you can install slips into the side of the phone, no having to take apart the phone to switch it.  There is an mp3 player that allows you to play songs on your phone at a very decent volume, or through your car's stereo if its bluetoothe ready.  I have recommended this phone to friends.  I recommended it to my mom who is not to keen on newest phone features but with this she is able to text, take pictures and make calls easily.  If you run too many programs at once for example, a chat aim window, a video game *monopoly which is awesome* and a text window, jumping back in forth there is a slight lag.  This is very slight, closing the slider or hitting the end call button snaps the phone back and its all good from there.  Also, one problem I noticed some newer phones have is being able to jump from 3g to 4g cell service areas automatically without having to restart the phone.  I went through three phones with that same issue until I got this phone, no need to restart it jumps service areas without any problem.

i bought this phone for my 11 year old son he loves it and i must say its a good phone due to the fact its small light weight and HTC the only function it does not have and i cant understand why would they build a HTC without it its the WIFI capability their is none which i think is a function badly needed in todays technology

Got it as a gift for my little sister and she absolutely love the phone. Well built easy to use and the key  pad makes thing so much easier for her.

The phone was advertised as &#34;like brand new&#34;...that's not quite right, but it WAS after all used. The screen has what looks to be a watermark in the very middle, and the battery does not last very long. Over all, I would use the firm again.

I ordered this phone for my 12 yr old.  He has been using a hand-me-down of the same model--it was 4 years old.  He wanted the same phone as he was used to and he LOVES this phone.  Says it works great.

Can't get to select a song for my ringtone. Its no use having at & t ringtones on my phone. Really boring

the battery won't stay charged long enough to have a conversation so now I either have to buy another phone or try and buy a new battery, either way I got the shaft!

Works great after initial charge and startup problems. Don't try to change startup from side lock key to any key as this will cause problems.

phone locked up with in 2 months..returned it..they sent back the same phone..even with wrong charger..wth..be careful with this company

I had a pantech duo c810 and I started having issues with it, like when I would call someone I could hear them but they couldn't hear me...I was told it had something to do with the microphone when I called pantech and that it would cost like $60 or so to fix, so I just decided to buy a new phone. I came across this phone on amazon. This phone is not unlocked but it works with AT&T and I have heard you can unlock it by looking for the code online supposedly. I like this phone because when you lock the screen the date and the time appear in large text/font when you hit a button to light up the screen when locked. The thing I don't like about it compared to my pantech is that you can't set it to where you enter your pin number every time you lock your phone. I have my pin set for when I turn this phone on and this is all I have been able to figure out with regards to using a pin # on this phone. So that's a downside that you can't lock this phone with a pin # all the time, just with a touch of a button. Also, I have found that if you text a lot the inbox gets full rather quickly so you have to delete your conversations daily like every other week or so depending on how much you text. I don't mind doing that but some of you might. The battery seems to be holding ok...but I have found that if you use a lot of the applications on this phone like going online, etc. it takes up a lot of the charge rather quickly, if that's the case and how you'll be using it I recommend you take your charger with you. I think I'm going to by an sd card for it in hopes it diverts that away from my battery's charge...I dunno if that will work or not but I think I'm going to give it a try anyway. Maybe it will help with the inbox texting issue...I dunno. Other then that I love this phone. The sound quality is nice and loud. For example, my grandmother who is hard of hearing could hear me on this phone! : D It has all that I need on it. it takes a while to get used to the touch screen aspect of it but you get used to it rather quickly...at least I did. I recommend you buy a screen protector for it as well as a hard snap on case when you purchase this phone all at the same time as you will come to find you need it. I recommend the hard snap on case because if you are a person like me who drops their phone a lot then it will protect it and this phone is so light the case adds a little bit more weight to it (not much) but just enough to where you feel more comfortable holding the phone and more comfortable to the point that you feel like you won't drop it as much. Also, you touch the screen to dial and such so that is why I recommend you getting a screen protector for it. This phone also comes with the 2 holes in it for a lanyard just so you guys know : ) Otherwise I would recommend this phone.

I am pleased with the timely delivery. However, I found this phone under "unlocked smartphones". When I took it to AT&T, I found, in fact it is NOT a smartphone. Other than that, so far, I love it. It works well.

This phone would be a great phone it I could send and receive pictures. I bought the phone because of the features, just didn't know they all would not work.

I received this item along with other items I ordered the same day. I'm looking forward to seeing if this phone will be better than my last phone. So far, so good. Thank you, and keep up the great work!

Our 15 year old drops her phone constantly and finally broke the screen.  Since we, her parents are mean, we made her spend he own money to replace it.  Also, because we are mean, we don't allow her to have a data plan, and this appeared to be durable and available without a data plan.  So far, she hasn't broken it, though she has tried.  She says it works great and she loves it...

Thanks for your understanding my mailman is an idiot. We finally found out where he put our package and all of our mail. Apparently we have a new mailman. I'm so very sorry for the issues. But it wasn't my fault as well. thank you did your part .

This phone would not charge the batteries if you waited until the "low battery" indication appeared. It would just contunie to recycle the bat low sign and would not charge the battery. I had to put the batteries into the old LG phones these phones replaced to charge them. IF you placed the batteries on charge before the low bat indication, they would charge. I bought two of these phones and they both had this problem. I returned the phones but the seller charged me $28 to restock them. Would not recommend the seller either. Just don't waste you money or time with this product.

The phone worked OK as described by the seller but my wife wanted something easier to use. Since the phone was for her, we sent it back. This was because of personal preference and should in no way reflect the seller.

This phone, I've had two of. I loved it when I first got it cause it had a slide keyboard and a touch screen, then a few months after I got it, it started having problems. The first one ended up breaking 9 days after I got it and had to send it back cause the keyboard went loose. Then it developed a sink in the screen and evetually the screen flickered and it never stopped. After that, the keyboard part started messing up. I would go to slide the keyboard and the screen would just go off. I had to hold it up just a bit to see it cause that would be all that worked before I slid it up the whole way and the screen went dark. The screen eventually stopped working all together maybe about 6 months in total of having it.I ordered Another of the exact same phone but in a different color caused i didn't wanna research anymore phones. Bad Idea. I've had this one for maybe 3 months and now the screen won't show at all.My Best Advice Is Don't Get This Phone. When in conversation mode for texting, longer conversations will cause the phone to lag in loading them. The music player takes like 5 minutes to load which makes it seem like forever. It's nice for the first few months, then it goes to crap. Best used as a temp phone if anything. The only thing I like about the phone honeslty is the camera cause it never stopped working good and kt was a really good one at that.This comes from someone who has had the same phone twice so I know what I'm talking about when I say how much I don't really like this phone.

And since all I do is text or call, it has worked just fine. Battery life is a little short, but it's workable. I like the slide-out QWERTY.

Phone didn't hold up well. had to be replaced about 6 months after getting it. Cheap quality. Would not purchase again.

This phones design is pretty good BUT the software is pretty much non existent. After a day of using my phone it started to freeze and sometimes i would have to back all the way out of whatever program i was using and go back in. Also this phone only hold 150 text messages. THIS IS A TEXT PHONE!!!! If this is made specifically for texting why would it only hold 150 texts? If you dont text at all then this phone is pretty good. If you are ready to have to delete all your texts to make room for the other texts then dont buy this phone. And no there is no way in the phone to switch it from phone memory to memory card.

I used to have this phone . I had it only for a year and so much bad stuff happened to it. Every time I was in the middle of writting a text it would always shut off and I would have to turn it back on and it takes 5 minutes to come on. The call quality sucks and the camera stinks too. And this phone is very known for over heating too. I would only text someone for maybe 10 minutes, and it would over heat. And when I charged it , it was as hot as an oven on the bottom. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND GET THIS PHONE. IT IS A PIECE OF TRASH AND IT SUCKS!

It was very disappointing to get a phone and one of the key features don't work. I should've looked at some more reviews before purchasing this phone.

This is a simple phone, but will not access the internet. Even as a phone it is cheap  and hard to get to use. Not even WIFI available on it. Not worth the money.

I did like this phone because of the price, light weight, and the option it has. however, after 5 month the touch screen is not working where the phone still in very good shap. I called amazon they said good luck and call LG, I did call them spend hours with them no soulation. very bad customer service.

I have used the Samsung Galaxy appeal and the Pantech Crossover both very close to the LG xenon however this phone didn't work for 24 hours after I received it so I was very disappointed.  For that kind of money I would like for it to work.

I had this phone and it sucked balls.  The Touch screen wasnt very responsive. LOOK FOR ANOTHER PHONE. Very Slow too.

This phone turned out to be just as described. It is a great phone. It does everything I need it to do.

Good phone.  I like the slider much better than blackberry.  The only con is the keys don't might up when u open slider up to type.  Little hard when its dark but love this phone.

I bought this to replace a phone my youngest child dropped into water. I didn't want to spend a fortune, so this phone fit the bill. The slide-out keyboard and reasonably sized keys work well for texting. The color is nice. The phone is slightly cheap looking and feeling, but it meets our needs.

Ordered 2 of these phone. Owned them for almost 5 months, the battery in one of them is crap, have to charge it twice a day. The other the touch screen went out in it..... was not dropped or anything, just stopped working. looks like it might be just the luck of the draw on these some are good others have problems. They should last longer than a few months tho!! be careful!!

Was ok but did not last with my friend. I wish it lasted but never was this one. Very sad

Battery won't keep a charge, need to charge everyday, this is the second phone I have purchased of the same kind, and never had a problem with the charge on the old phone, very sorry screen stopped working, MAYBE I should have picked another phone, but because I was so impressed with the first phone I purchased, I thought how could I go wrong?

my girlfriend had been looking for a phone that she would like that didnt cause her a ton of problems and she loves this phone

Bought this for my daughter. Touch screen started failing after about a month and a half. I was surprised at how poorly it held up.

I purchased this phone new 2 years ago for my daughter to call and text only, and it is perfect!  The keyboard is great, at first I was leary of the slider concept thinking it would come apart easily with use, but after 2 years it works as well as it did when we bought it.  She is using it with a go phone SIMM from at&t and have had no problems.  Great reception in light coverage areas.  Have not experienced any battery life issues, with light usage the battery still lasts 2-3 days.  It is durable, she has dropped it many times (without a cover) and without ill effect.  After 2 years the phone is starting to freeze occassionaly, but all you have to do is push the home button to return to a normal screen, but many phones have more issues that this from the start so I don't count this as a negative.  Am planning to purchase another one of the same model because this one has been so good.

My daughter wanted a fon she could have touch screen and keyboard so got her this fon and she absolutely love it...very well satisfied

Used less than a month. It is already broken. The screen has been frozen and weird color. Very very poor quality. I wish I could give a 0 star and return it

The phone itself was perfect . . . just like the one I was trying to replace.  Worked well with my SIM card.  However, the battery was terrible.  It originally charged okay, but didn't hold a charge for more that 30 mins. or so.  Then when re-charged, it said "full", but again, only lasted 20-30 mins.  I am using my "old" battery in my new phone.  This was the only thing I was a bit upset with.

Purchase this phone for my daughter as a replacement for another phone.  She didn't really care about the internet access, juct texting and phone. Received the phone the day it was promised.  Phone arrived in what seemed like new condition.  After placing her SIM card in, the screen went yellow evertime she touched it. Later, the screen just went out totally.  Will be going to the store to purchase from a carrier from now on.  Return seems easy.  You have 30 days to return.  I will post again if a problem results.

This is the worst phone I have EVER owned. I have had two different brand-new versions of this phone break in only a year. The first one I had for about 6 months when the screen started to flicker constantly. The color on the screen became washed out and grainy, and the touch screen was less responsive than usual. It had never been dropped or gotten wet; this occurred from normal usage. It was still under warranty, so I was given another brand-new incarnation of the same phone. This one I had for again a little over six months before it too began to malfunction. The touch screen got out of whack, meaning that to press any button, I had to press the button to the left of it. Annoying, and even more annoying because it is completely impossible to press any buttons on the left side of the screen. A quick Google search showed that hundreds of other people had the exact same or similar issues. I went to my cell phone carrier and they finished my sentences when I was describing my problems; leading me to believe that this happens a LOT with this phone. They also told me that I was basically out of luck and I should just buy another phone to put my SIM card in.I would recommend this phone to absolutely no one. I hate this product and will be violently destroying the broken worthlessness that is my phone as soon as I get a different phone. I will also note that even when it was working, it doesn't work all that well. Stay away from this phone and preserve your sanity.

wonderful phone for my daughter... not what she wanted exactly but perfect for a text crazy teen!!! i am pleased with it!

This phone is by far the worst phone I have ever owned.  I got it because I liked the idea of having a full qwerty keyboard, and a touchscreen all in one.  After a couple weeks, I had doubts in my phone.  I wish I had returned it to AT&T; within my 30 day allowance, and just gotten rid of the thing.  I'd be much happier.The keyboard seemed nice enough at first, but after having a shift and capslock key on my last phone, having just a capslock was very hard to get used to.  You have to turn the caps key on, type desired capitalized letter(s) and then back off afterwords, wasting a movement, and texting slower.  Or just plan on never using capital letters except at the beginning of a sentence when the phone default caps for you.  If I had known so much more would go wrong, I would have cut my losses here.  But I decided to stick it out, and give the phone a chance.If you text frequently, you will be sliding your phone open and closed a lot.  After a only a month and a half, the screen began to flicker, and wouldn't always stay bright.  Now, after almost a year, it flickers constantly and is so bad, I can't make out 2/3 of the pictures I receive from friends, or take myself.The camera is pretty bad.  The exposure time is way too long, and so if you're trying to take a picture of something moving at the slightest bit(try a baby or a toddler for the far-away relatives to see that they've never gotten a chance to meet) or you don't have a perfectly steady hand your picture will always be blurred.The internet button, instant messenger button, and email buttons are all very close together on the left of the keyboard, and are very easily mistyped when you're texting fast.Sliding the phone open always unlocks the keyboard.  This is annoying not only for privacy, but also for when your toddler picks your phone up, and so easily presses your internet buttons, then randomly browses the web without your knowledge, jacking up your phone bill because you didn't have internet on your plan.After 6 months, the buttons began to stick, and hitting one key the phone registers it as another.  This also goes for all the letter keys next to those 3 internet buttons.  wanted to type a Q, A, or Z?  Well now you're loading up the web and have to wait for it to boot up, so you can exit it and get back to your text msg.If you like to text, send pictures to relatives, or just like a non-flickery screen and good camera pictures... BUY SOMETHING ELSE.  This is the worst texting phone I have ever used in 4 years.  I bought this phone because it was a good deal and seemed to have a lot of desired features.  For the same price, there are better phones out there.  All 4 of my previous texting phones prior to this one, have been in the same price range and were by far much better than this one.

This cell phone is perfect and excellent material has a smooth finish and the design is beautiful, the touch screen works well, is to expand the memory, arrived quickly and in good condition with battery, charger and manual. I recommend it and the seller.

I purchased this phone for my wife and she loves it because of the large keyboard and display.Thanks LG for coming through again.
