
This isn't a bad phone.  I like the fact that it has the little touch pad as well as a slide out keyboard.  These features, I think, give it an edge over my friends who have Droid X phones.  It makes it easier to type as well as navigate around the screen without accidentally clicking on things.Things I don't like so much:I have had to do a factory reset on my phone about 5 times now... and I've had it since July (7 months).  Every once in a while, all of the applications that aren't preinstalled will force close like crazy and you have to uninstall and reinstall all of them...  Or I'll notice that my lock feature and home button refuse to work.  Because of the design of the phone, I get stuck on screens if I cannot hit "Home."  Also, the only way around this and the lock issue is to download apps which override the phone's lock and home features.  Then the buttons magically start to work again, but this usually triggers all of my apps to suddenly corrupt and force close.Also, because it's a touch screen and maybe the shape of my face is weird, while I'm talking on the phone it will randomly hit the speakerphone key.In conclusion; they need to patch the OS or something because it's obviously not stable and I know I'm not the only one who has had the same issue.  The crashes are something I can live with.  The factory reset leaves all of my contacts and since all my personal info is stored in my Google account, all I lose is the installed apps and data from them.  For me, it's no big deal.  Just annoying.  Otherwise, it's a pretty good phone.  The speakerphone thing is something that I can overlook, be more careful, and maybe see if there is an app to lock the button or something.

I have had this phone for almost a year and it has been nothing but trouble. The camera refuses to save my pictures most of the time. I am constantly having to do factory resets which is a huge problem when you have things saved on your phone then you loose it all. My phone gets stuck on the Moto Blur screen for hours and then will shut itself off. In the middle of texting or a call it will reset or restart itself. The battery life is absolutely terrible. After about 8 hours of just being on it goes down past half battery, and from there it dies VERY quickly. I have had it replace several times and it still has all the same problems which leads me to believe that it is not just one phones problem, but somewhere in the manufacturing. All in all I would NOT suggest this phone to anybody.

Is this a prepaid phone? i really like this phone and i hope it is a prepaid i see thier are really good reviews on it

I bought this phone months ago and just got around to reviewing it. It did not come with the SD card. I bought a new one and it quickly became corrupted. The battery was shot and lasted no more than 30 minutes when I used it strictly for texting. I quickly replaced it with a new, non-crappy phone. I definitely would not buy from this seller again.

It arrived on time and was brand new. I recommend this vendor. It is a phone that is dang near undetectable.

I wanted a different phone, without paying a ridiculous amount of money, and found this phone for a ridiculous low price. It was delivered a week later, and to my surprise it's not bad at all for being 4 years old!

I just got this phone in the mail today, I love it! im still waiting to activate it but it has a solid feeling, i think it is a good starter phone for teens.

I dont know if i just ahve a defective phone or what, but everytime my phone goes dead, it factory resets on it's own.

My 14 yr daughter dropped her cell in Hot Tub, so this was an inexpensive replacement until her contract is up...

The phone looks nice and worked nice,but broke in less than a month...and was well taken care of. The company we bought it from through Amazon was very helpful in getting us a refund.

I'm very dispointed  with this phone unlock phone but there is no insert gsm card  and looking very cheep phone

Phone gave us problems after a week, but I had my son persevere and keep trying to get it to work.  It kept freezing and shutting off for no reason for several weeks after that.  By the time I called it a day with the phone it was past the 30 day return period and I was so fed up and angry I didn't want to deal with this seller.  Had to get my son an entirely new phone from our carrier.  Also, Seller charged me $66.99 for the phone.  I got a shipping invoice for this from not from Iselltobuy but Bluedot.com.  And guess what the price of the phone was?  $37.74!  The seller charged me just about $30.00 more than he bought it for.  I contacted seller and basically he said "tough luck, you contacted more than 30 days.  Also, he said I should have done my research before buying".  What?  So I was supposed to research to see if he was a good, honest seller?  And the fact that he isn't is all my fault because I didn't do my research?  That is a very bad, unprofessional seller.  Now he keeps emailing me telling me it is my fault, I'm lazy and demanding I take back my unpositive feedback and telling me "my customers will just keep buying from me".  Well guess what?  I AM WARNING EVERYONE TO NOT EVER DEAL WITH THIS SELLER!  HE HAS THREATENED ME AND TOLD ME HE WILL NEVER SELL TO ME AGAIN.  AS IF I WOULD EVER BUY FROM A DISHONEST SELLER!  I have dealt with other sellers on this site and have had positive buys.  However, this seller takes the case as a DISHONEST, UNPROFESSIONAL BULLY!  I AM BEGGING ALL TO NEVER PURCHASE FROM HIM!

i purchased this phone from the dealer..and i only had to reset it because someone had their acct.blocked..but since i done a hard reset so far i have had no problems..I like this phone cause of the features it offers and how solid it in weight..i would recommend it to a friend.

This is the best phone i have ever had ,i bought it used it has no signs of wear and tear. It's small and very easy to use.

I don't have any complaints about this phone, it works properly and the battery life is excellent even when I'm on the internet or running the apps. It's pretty fast for a 3G smartphone and it's really easy to operate plus very touch responsive I guess I got pretty lucky with this one and I love the Motoblur feature as well because it keeps me updated 24/7. The keyboard is perfect and the resolution in my opinion is perfect. I'm satisfied 100%.

Well the Apps are great, the battery life is terrible, I know three other ppl with the same phone, constant need for updates, turns of ALL THE TIME BY IT SELF FOR NO REASON. And its VERY VERY easy to send a txt to the wrong person. THe internet is great and easy to navigate. The camera is terrible.

this phone is difficult for the novice to figure out, I do not reccomend it at all!!! I keep having to have it reset or to restart it as when people call it wont ring and they get a message that I am unavailable and they can't even leave a message, when I call my provider I am told it kis a phone glitch (and apperently it is) because if I turn it off, take out the battery for 2 minutes and then restart it is all fine.... again NOT reccomended

this phone isnt bad for what i paid for it which was $100 but if i paid a cent more its n ot worth it. the battery is retarded and says it doesnt charge fully and it radomly shuts off. also its pretty big in size. if you have another phone in mind choose that one.

the phone is well built.....milspec android if you wanna call it that....the internet is easy to navigate and the motoblur is rather handy for people with accounts on virtually everything facebook myspace yahoo etc.......i have never had a problem with the system on the phone nor with it randomly cutting off i have the otter box on it and the phone to be truthful is bulky with the case but other than that i have no complaints....i use this phone excessively and bout 8 to 10 hours through work it still has half battery by the end of the day if you dont run useless crap all the time then the phone will not die and the 3g is actually functioning unlike alot of verizons phones but all in all its worth the buy even after seeing the price on amazon...(which is much less than what i paid) i wouldnt consider it a waste of money android worth the money by far

I have had this phone sence July of 2011.  It is a decent a phone but it has some problems. It will turn off on its own, sence it only runs android 1.6, the OS is a bit unstable and it has corupted my memory card but it is alot better than IPhone or Blackberry because Blackberry phones have a tendency to freak out and IPhone is not as user friendly. I recomend that you buy an droid phone running 2.0 or higher because the OS is more stable.

You can't get very many apps. The battery sucks. It shuts off at random times. I would not purchase this phone again and would not recommend it to anyone. Spend a little bit more and get something better. Wish I did.

i had this for less than a half a year and its dead now. for the last few weeks my phone wouldn't lock and the ringtones kept on changing on it own. All my messages also got erased all by itself. and then one day it broke down and wont start up for no money.... i absolutely think its not worth the money!

I had this phone for about 3 months I was really happy when I got it. It worked fine it was fast but then ine day it kept wyping out all my contacts.It started to have a shorter and shorter battery life untill it wouldnt charge at all. I wint to a verizon store and the guy said when they first came out the people that bought them with were back within 2 months saying the phone was worth crap. I had to buy a battery the second month i had it. I would not suggest getting this phone it dosent work AT ALL after a month or two it sucks...............DO NOT GET THIS PHONE ITS CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!

got the phone in good working condition. it was used as described but was amaized in how good the phone was not damaged at all a few scratches .got it in a few days.. love it i would so buy from this company again!!!

My Motorola Blur is fairly new and I have had nothing but problems. First, my phone would not let me access the market to get apps. 2nd, when I have a certain ringtone set for someone, it will often play a different ringtone instead. 3rd, The phone freezes ALOT. 4th, My phone was working fine the whole day, then i get this notification saying your SD card has been removed, please insert a new one. It was fine, then it says it's missing, the next thing I know, All my ringtones that I have downloaded are GONE! because there is no room due to the SD card removal. I took the SD card out and put it back in, but to no avail, it still said no SD card. It won't even let me take pictures. 5th, out of no where, all my contacts disappeared, 6th, sometimes when i get a call, it will say one persons name, but it will actually be another on the other line. 7th, the apps force close alot. 8th, the battery dies within 10 mins of getting a voicemail. I am just so tired of it, and I just barely had it for 6 months. I can't wait for the 2 year contract to be over cuz I am getting the iphone. Worst phone ever!

Phone was in good shape for the price but I was not able to set up service as the wifi does not work and in order to set up service u have to have wifi turned on. Complete waste of money. Seller should check these things before listing a phone as a working phone!

I loved this phone for the first few days that I had it. Then it slowly started messing up. It would restart itself whenever I tried to do something. It wouldn't download any apps and whenever it did, it wouldn't show up on the applications screen. The back of the phone even fell off in my hand and I couldn't get it back on properly. (A part that shouldn't come off). Needless to say, I stopped using this phone and sent it back.Overall, it was a good phone and I loved it. I just would have liked it more if it didn't mess up, then fall apart.

Great phone! everything is working fine like it should. Nothing to complain about, if your thinking of buying this phone just go for it...

Admittedly, this is not the best phone I've ever owned, but it's also not the worst. I've read the other reviews and many of them have valid points. The battery does die quickly if you use it all day, I normally have to charge mine twice but I text and facebook non stop. It also does delete contacts sometimes, which is annoying. Sometimes it will fail to boot up. All of these things are solved (at least on my phone) with a hard reset. Google it, it's very easy to do. Granted, it deletes all your downloaded apps but your phone will work again. Has some problems, but none that are intolerable.

bad phone  don't buy this phone  it doesn't work  right at all will not buy from them again and its sad they will sell you a bad phone

couldnt used for a prepaid plan that i gave sent it back would ve kept it if i could use it

I've had several of these phones and not one of them have been worth the shipping paid to get them. OS is terrible and has all sorts of problems. I babied all of them, making sure not to drop or overcharge them and had the same results every time. My apps won't open due to the OS crashing every time I try to open one. I will say it has a tough, durable casing but that's as good as it gets with this device.

Only reason I give this 4 stars is because sometimes it freezes up and I have to take the battery out to reboot the phone.

I bought this phone for one reason only - so I could use it for a month on Verizon's network, in order to test out and decide whether or not I should get rid of my troublesome T-Mobile, a company which has always had a fantastic data connection but an iffy (at best) actual cell phone signal. I explain these things up front because my intention is not to use the A555 long-term. If I can get a decent Verizon cell phone signal in the places I go the most, my plan is to buy an iPhone I can use with the Verizon network. So we're not talking a long-term relationship here. I also bought my A555 used from a private seller, so I didn't pay anything close to the listed retail price.So far, I like the Motorola Devour A555. The phone easily located my existing Google Play (Marketplace) account, and I was able to download apps I'd paid for to use with the last Android phone I'd owned, which was a few years ago. Some of the apps wouldn't work with the A555, but the Google Marketplace is able to warn you ahead of time that the app won't work on this new phone. I was also able to pick new apps on my computer, and they automatically were downloaded and installed to the A555.The slide-out keyboard on the A555 is easy to use. The phone is easier to hold and it isn't a brick like the earlier generations of Android phones. The reception is clear and steady, even with 1 bar of service, inside the house. I will post an update to this review if anything changes with the phone.Updated review after 6 weeks of use:I love this phone! There are enough apps available on the Google Play (aka Marketplace) that I can get this phone to do most of what my last phone did. Not everything, of course, but Google Maps runs fine and I'm using the phone's built-in email app, which is good enough to get the job done. I did finally abandon the A555 in favor of a Verizon iPhone, but that was only because I found a deal too good to pass up...A few notes. With prepaid service, Verizon navigation was turned off - you can't even pay for it, the feature just doesn't work - unless you're a regular customer who has a cell phone with a contract. Also, if you're interested in maximizing the time the battery stays charged, shut off the wi-fi if you don't need it. On this phone, and it may be a fatal flaw for some users - the wi-fi signal drains the battery right away, even if you're not actively using it.

i dont know why every ones is so bad but i love my devour!!! I purchased it from amazon  so they must be buying theirs from a differnt place.

This phone ended up devouring us.  We got a lemon the first time and sent it back.  The second one wasn't much better.  The place we ordered it from were very gracious and accomodating and sent us a return shipping label and we are currently in the process of getting a full refund.  This phone was purchased for my teenage daughter.  She loved the stylishness of the phone, but was unable to actually place calls and the person on the other end could not hear what she was saying due to it breaking up terribly.  The audible portion of the phone was so messed up.  The vendor gave us several options.  We decided to take a full refund since we had been weighted with bad phones twice.  I'm not sure if the phone itself is bad or whether the products on their shelf just disintegrated over time.

The phone came right on time and is in just the condition as explained in the details. I love using my new motorola devour its a great portable tablet plus great service!

All the reviews I read compared it to the original Motorola Droid and basically said it was a bulkier version of it, painted a lovely shade of silver.  Not only does it seem slower, and have a terrible camera with no flash, but the directional key on the side is too small and inaccurate to use reliably.  Editing a text message or any other text for that matter is a royal pain.  The Google maps app installed is also a lot bulkier and hard to use than that of the original Droid.  In fact, I had to download an additional program to even begin using GPS nav at all.  Not a fun proposition as I was already lost and had to spend another 10 minutes downloading, restarting and accepting terms and conditions before I could get directions. Previous Droid was set to go right out of the box.  Also, this handset regularly power cycles when headphones are removed from the headphone jack.  Now I understand why these were easier to find than the older, original model.  Strongly recommend looking at other Android handsets.

Well its an okay phone for how much it was there are some stuff that im not fond of buty

this phone is unbreakable and is awesome and i would recromened it to everyone that is a huge in texting

First off the reception is terrible. Secondly, it won't acknowledge when texts arrive & sometimes rejects incoming calls. You cant add games. The only reason we still have it is because we're waiting for a different phone to arrive. It's junk!

I purchased this phone almost 2 years ago, when it first came out. Worst mistake I made. This phone runs Android 1.5, and is NOT upgradable to Android 2.0, which means it can't run the newest apps. Motorola keeps saying they will make the Devour upgradable, but they lie. I am currently waiting for my husband to upgrade his Droid, so I can switch to it, and get rid of a phone that has limited apps, and shelflife. Who wants to use a phone that uses 'yesterday's' apps, and can't be upgraded? Battery life is pretty dismal too... I have to carry two batteries with me to get through a day, and no, I do not have GPS turned on, nor do I have Wi-Fi turned on. Call quality is okay, but it's a smartphone and I bought it with the expectation of using apps and surfing the web. But, with it not running the newest Android version, it's a doorstop. Don't buy this phone. Get a Droid instead.

The home app force closes all the time, as do most apps.  While talking on the phone my cheek often touches the speakerphone key.  It doesn't always connect to my bluetooth headset.  Now it constantly fails to recognize the SD card, so it keeps notifying me that the SD card is being checked.  I unmounted the card, removed it and now the phone won't recognize it at all.  I've only had it for 11 months.  I won't buy this phone again.  I do like the MotoBlur technology that allows me to access all my social media from my phone.  I think I'll just buy a Droid2 next month...Update - The first week in March 2011 (less than a year after I purchased this phone) it crashed completely.  Every other day I had to restore it to its factory defaults.  I was using the GPS navigation to drive home from a city I am not familiar with, and the screen blanked out and the phone stopped responding completely.  Good thing I found a road with which I was familiar to get home.  My disappointment with this phone knows no bounds.  Verizon was wonderful though - they let me upgrade early to a droid2, which also runs with the MotoBlur technology.  Bottom line - avoid this phone like the plague.

I am not to happy with this phone. It is being shipped back for a full refund as we back so I can try and get a better phone. I like the keys and the touch screen but nothing on the phone worked right and I was very very disappointed.

i have had this phone for about three months now and i was ecstatic when i first got it. it WAS super fast, no problems, i went out and got a hard case for it and the whole 9 yards. the problem occurred when i synced my facebook account, which, by the way is the only way i could have gotten any of my contacts back considering there is no mobile backup function. my contacts all disappear at least twice a week, and show back up out of nowhere. the apps slow the phone down like crazy. it shuts off every time i set it on a table or desk, probably from poor manufacturing and parts being loose. i have never had so many problems with a motorola product. i wouldnt suggest this phone to anyone

This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned.  It should have been taken off the market.  It constantly locks up and you have to take the battery out to turn it back on.  I had problems with it after the first 2 weeks.  The memory keys lock and you can't use favorites.  JUNK!!!!

Bought this for my sister.  Not very easy to use.  My sister tried to get the apps to work for her social networks, but only a couple would work.

I thought i had a good phone but it started erasing my contacts on its on and it freezes up. To me not a great purchases but i thought i was getting a good deal.

My husband has been using this phone for 2 months. It has horrible reception, and would keep freezing up after calls, and he'd have to remove the batter to reset it... well now he can't even do that. It is totally frozen, dead.

There should be a no star. Lets make a no star rating, i vote no star. In short the phone is very sturdy, in 6 months replaced two batteries and 3 SD cards, lost all info on desktop, contact list came back in 2 days, finally it refused to boot up.

This phone is TERRIBLE it was not worth the money I've waited to do this review until  I had the phone for a month or so. I've had it almost 3 months at first I loved it as anyone does with their new phone. So after a month I realized how bad it was it didn't have much ram which causes the phone to be slow. the screen dies out it isn't very responsive anymore and it will gain dead spots in the screen that are invisible but don't work when you press on it the 3G connection isn't good you can't watch youtube videos unless your on wifiPros:Tough as nails bodycheap pricesleek lookLong battery lifeGood screen resolutionCons:slowunresponsiveoutdatedbad camerathe list goes on!!!

I like this display on this phone, however it is one of the hardest-to-run smartphones that I've used out there. I'm very computer/phone savvy and I still couldn't figure out how to make this phone work with what I wanted it to be doing. I stopped using it the second day that I had been using it and sold it to a friend.

Once upon a time, nearly 6 years ago, I was using a Windows PDA Phone...Back when Microsoft was attempting to mirror Windows Desktop to a PDA that was over an inch thick. They were awful. An awful OS on an awful wireless connection...being a touchscreen handheld device was about the only thing they had going for them. The last Windows phone was the Omnia i910 about around the time the iphone 2 was coming out. I was resistant to get an iPhone due to there price and their Appleness, so I took a bet on Google and switched mobile OS's to Android...and this Motorola Devour was my first Android experience.This phone is my favorite of all the Android phones (and legacy Windows Mobile phones, for that matter) I've ever used. Now the Devour is a legacy device and I look back extremely fondly of it. The metal body and the slide up display were so smooth and sturdy. It was just so great finally having a smartphone that carried an OS specifically designed for a phone and not just a highly limited cutback version of Windows Desktop. With every new phone that I get I remember how much fun I had with the Devour and wonder (and sometimes google) the possibility of a Devour 2. All metal with the QWERTY. I would pay full retail for that.This phone had a lot of flaws, but I like to think of it as a beta device that help introduce Android into the world...and then I remember why I so easily looked over the flaws. I was having too much fun. Poor battery life? Psshhh, it was just maintaining healthy doses of fun. If you want a good phone to give Android a try, do not pick this one. As awesome as it WAS, its now an artifact of awesome. Get the latest and greatest phone available for Android, and some day that will be your "Devour".

This was a present the to my mom early for Christmas as her phone kicked the bucked now she is forced to learn new however wish I payed attention better there was no charger or battery cover :( After having this phone for a little over a month it is now spazzing out and not working bad phone

It was a motorola devour good price it works.  It was just the phone so make sure you read...what good is a phone with out a charger.

I have had no problem with this phone what so ever. I read through the book and everything. Also, my battery lasts me days before it dies. Maybe I got lucky and they sent me a reall good one, but there's nothing wrong with mine at all. I also bought a hard cover and screen protectors for it, maybe that's a trick?

The phone was delivered 2-days late. Now the phone sometimes stops receiving text messages and I have to remove the battery to reset it at least 2-3 times a week.  The batter is so hard to take out!

I purchased this phone used. I really can't complain! Seriously, for the price it has amazing features and can do everything you could want and more! Install the "Google Maps" app for Free and it turns your phone into a GPS! There are some minor issues with the navigation but most of it can be fixed if you tinker with the settings. Motoblur makes it simple to keep up with news and facebook/twitterIMPORTING CONTACTS: My old phone wasn't a smart phone so I thought I was screwed when it came to importing contacts. However I was able to use verizon's web page to remotely upload my old contact list which vorizon kept for me, Verizon's web site gives you the option to download your contact list in a "CVS" file. All you have to do is download the contact list in a CVS file and then connect to your "Motoblur" account online and upload the CVS file as directed. Simple as that! The website remotely updated my contact list on my phone!AUDIO / MP3 playerMy Ipod touch has been giving me problems lately... So I simply uploaded my music to the SD card on this phone and I use it as my MP3 player also. Seriously, it's pretty awesome. Thanks to a headphone jack on the phone it really makes it simple to listen to my MP3s.Bottom line... Sure it is not the latest and greatest, but regardless it is pretty great. For the price you get a LOT of features and functionality. I gave it 5 stars because my expectations weren't very high because I realized that I wasn't paying 700$'s for a phone without a contract. Seriously, you get your money's worth with this phone. Plus it looks good and it's not very common.

Had this p.o.s for 2 days and it quit working! This is the WORST CELL PHONE EVER! I WOULD NOT SUGGEST BUYING THIS PHONE. After 2 days of buying this phone the backlight in the phone quit working.

it said this was a Google android....it does not have Google play store....it is the old android market....maybe you should specify that for the next buyers. Ty

DO NOT BUY!  Worst phone ever! Drops calls constantly turns its self off for no reason. Don't waste your money!

i bought this as a replacement for a cracked phone. i made a great choice. this phone has alot of features. only bad is internet shut off by itself at times. very sturdy.

It took a little while for me to get the hang of it, but now I'm quite pleased with the phone!The only issue I had and dislike about this phoneis how sensitive it is when you are using during a call, because you have to keep the phone somewhat distante from your ckeak or otherwise the sensitivity of it will always end the conversation and that is the main downside but now I know how to use without letting the calls fall or ending b4 I'm all thru...Dont like how you have to click on the bottom right-side of the phone to take photos its really annoying...But the for the price I paid the phone is cool and the keyboard is AMAZING.

I ordered this phone which took almost a month for it to arrive. I got the phone and two weeks later the phone died after I used it all day which is normal for any smartphone but now the phone will not charge. It won't even turn on when it's plugged into the adapter. I tried three different chords and it just flashes the motorola symbol and a battery reading 2%. this phone was not worth the headache. Now I have to switch back to my old phone and wait to see if I can get my money back.

This is my first smart phone. I wanted one with a full keyboard. It is simple to use and the manual and you tube have helped me with the operations. For someone who dose not need every app on the planet it works great. The manual lays out the simple use and youtube helped when the manual was unclear as how to undo something. The interface is easy and it is simple to remove or add widgets. The pc to cell phone operation is not the best. I enjoy my music and the best way I have found is to simply remove the micro sd card and plug it in to my computer to move content.The seller sent it to me on time and I even got it 3 days earlier than I had had expected. I do have to replace the battery but the seller was upfront about having a used battery in the sell phone.
