
I will not order from this person again. I believe the item took way to long to ship. If not for me to threaten to cancel my order, i still be waiting for it to ship. 4 days is way to long to ship an item.

This phone is super nice with a great touchscreen. I got mine from Cell Fone Revolution!

This phone its really good you need one of thisEste telefono esta al cienes muy bonito no le pide nada a los otros telefonos mas nuebos este es el mrjor

No one can hear me on this phone. Went to the Verizon store for help, but they believe the phone is refurbished....not cool at all!! I purchased this phone formy sister & she hates to complain - but there is a problem!! Can you hear me now??? NO!!!!

The phone suck it freeze on you it restart a lot and battery die so easy.Facebook app do not work.Don't send picture or you cant get them either.app stores is stupid

THIS IS THE BIGGEST CRAP HEEP I HAVE EVER SEEN. LOCKS UP EVERY 5 SECONDS AND SIGNAL IS NOT GOOD AT ALL. WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE.

This is a nice touch phone. But just when I ordered it I thought it was UNLOCKED, when it really ISN"T.

This item came in fairly good shape but all the cords that came with it did not work on the phone so we had to go buy the proper cords.

This phone did come with a charger so it did NOT fit the standard chargers and finding one was a chore..It did NOT hold a charge and you could not access anything other than tex and calls on this phone. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND IT.I had to go purchase another. .What a complete waste of my money and would feel I was robbing someone if I tried selling it. YOU ASKED

This phone worked great for the first month. Then the phone started slowing down and had to push buttons on the screen more than once. if you use your phone alot i wouldnt recommend this phone, but if you dont its worth the 85$ i paid for it. Other Htc phones ive had were awesome just not impressed with this particular one.

Great phone needs to be a bit bigger, my big fingers have a problem working it at times, fast ship, good price.

Received my phone today.....nice phone, but it was not unlocked. The phone IS listed in the unlocked category but not unlocked. I am highly disapointed.!!!!!!

The first thing I learned was that this is the first droid and there was no app for backup assistance. The second complaint, it took at least 5-10 seconds for the phone to do anything. It didn't search the peoples list well. I tried google download for people, but just got "Notes"... not the real numbers. What a pain!

It's a pretty good smart phone the only one thing that really irritates me is the battery. It doesn't even last me a full charge within a 24 hour period. That's with barely even using it too.

The seller sent me a phone (htc droid eris) that worked for only three hours before it completely shut off. I thought it was a battery issure so I went to my local verizon to see if it was an issue they can solve. They told me the phone I was sold was completely a dud and that not only did it not work there was nothing they can do about it to fix it. They demanded that I speak to the seller and get my money back. Overall it was a horrible experience and I will never purchase a phone through amazon's wirelesscirle.

Purchased this phone for teenage son, he has dropped it, lost the back  and the charger.  But it continues to work and what I liked about the most was the price.  I'm not scared he will lose it or get it stolen because it can be replaced cost effectively.

This phone is one of the worst I have experienced.  The battery life is atrocious, barely lasting a few hours with minimal to no use.  I had to buy a longer-life battery just for it to be operable during the day.  It's slow, can't even run most apps smoothly.  It has virtually no memory, regularly saying it is almost out of memory with very few apps installed.  I will never use this phone again.

This phone is terrible. The phone locks up when you get a call, since the answer button freezes up. It freezes up if decide to CHANGE THE VOLUME!The touch screen is horrible, I will constantly "butt-dial" my contacts. Once I sat down and called a PIZZA HUT IN SEATTLE WASHINGTON!!!If you want your phone do something besides freeze, you'd be better off with an 80's cellphone from Saved by the Bell.

I saw this phone, and then read all of the reviews. Many people hated it, but with all my past experiences, I could never trust reviews, so I bought the phone instead.... BAD DECISION!!! The phone feels perfect in my hand. The soft-touch texture is great, and the screen shines. But having this phone basically wastes the money you pay for your data plan. Why?? The phone is so slow that no apps run on it. I couldn't even set my fantasy football lineup because it wouldn't reast to my finger. The twitter program on the phone wouldnt even let me connect. It said my account didn't even exist?? Don't buy this phone, I'm currently returning mine for the $94 I blew on it.

This phone was slow, I constantly missed calls because it froze up and wouldn't respond. Twice I had the phone replaced because it would go on the Fritz and scroll left for no reason. Made it impossible to type because the cursor would move to the front of the word. I was essentially typing backwards. HORRIBLE. phone.

Don't be fooled from any other review out there. This is one of the worst phones to date. I only got it for the Andriod OS and I have regretted it since. Extremely slow to the point where you miss calls tapping unresponsive buttons then have to wait another 10 minutes to call back because it froze. Forget about internet,apps or anything else this phone has to offer. I'd prefer my very first brick-like flip phone over this. The interface is slow and cludgy and everything takes a long time to start up. In 2011 there's a wide variety of phones that are 100x better. So I suggest you steer clear of this horrible excuse of a phone.

It wont download apps like Instagram or Snapchat or Pinterest...I thought it was an upgrade from what I had and it was actually older than the phone I have.....

Most of the phone worked ok.I went to down load several things.The internet was very slow.Tango video calling would not work after several attempts. To many problems with internet.

This phone was ordered for my son. It is okay in my opinion but I do know that he does not like it very well. He does not have a phone plan so he uses apps that run off of wifi to use it. I personally have never used it so I can not say if it is a good product or not.

I bought this phone 3 months ago people can really hear me talk and the power button has stopped working. I have to plug it into a usb to turn it on and the speaker for the speaker phone in crap sounds like its blown. I should have kept my money. I'll never buy any thing off amazon again.

I had this phone for like a year or so. I have a 1 year old and a 6 year old, and they always seems to find a way to my phone. However it never got messed up. you can do two things at one even 3. Bad the camara is not that good no flash :( but other than that its an ok phone

I bought this for my girlfriend as a gift because she needed a new phone, So I watched it slip off her tiny computer chair, about 1 1/2 from the ground.. and the screen shatter's in a spiderweb appearance.  I would not recommend this phone as it is not durable.

Good phone and great service.I got it quick and it was everything I had hoped for. Thank You So Much

The phone works fine just not the one were looking for. We wanted a newer model but it wouldn't let us buy that one

I have owned and used this phone for two years now. this is like first gen. droid. It has a very poor camera. If I even just have it in my purse all day and don't touch it I need to recharge it by the end of the day. The processor on it isn't very good so it hardly supports newer games and apps without crashing or freezing or telling me I don't have enough storage left. You can't sync it with FB contacts or else your memory is gone also. There's no way to store apps and games on your SD card or any data aside from music and photos (which thank god go on the SD card or you couldn't save a single contact.) I thought it was nice when I got it, but as the android family grew my phone stayed the same and it's only good for making phone calls, texts and getting email notifications. not a very "smart phone" Don't waste your money on this junk. there are better deals on newer models that can handle a lot more than this piece of poo. The reason why I gave it an extra star is because It's in awesome shape. It might just be because I took care of it, but it looks like it's still new after 2 years and it works. But if you want a good smart phone, go to verizon's website or in store cause they have waaay better deals than $120.. for an OLD droid.

I purchased this phone in June 2010, shortly before the Android 2.2 update was released. I learned the hard way that this phone will never be updated past the 2.1 operating system, so it can't take advantage of most of the features and apps coming out now.I've also had problems with performance since day one. Even after wiping the phone to factory and installing no extra apps or widgets, I continued to have trouble with it. If I'm reading an email when a call comes in, the phone will freeze and cause me to miss the call entirely. Similarly, there is a long delay between the time that I initiate a call and when it starts dialing. Sometimes it even calls someone a second time to interrupt the conversation I'm already having with them. I had no idea that was even possible.Since making and receiving phone calls is the most important part of a PHONE, I find the Eris severely lacking. I recommend spending a little extra money and just going with one of the proper Droid models from Motorola. I carry a company Droid X during the week, and I very rarely run into a problem with it.

I would like to sincerely apology about the previous rating on this phone. This phone is very nice and only problem that i had was whentried to get service from verizon wireless the sales associate did not provide the services that was needed for this phone. I recommend this phone to all!

the phone has hang ups, where the screen will not come on when you press the wake up button....it did not come with a manual for reference of operating....it does not like to stay connected to the internet, keeps shutting down and I have to restart again....for most part the phone is good to have if needed....

My son thought he was getting a smart phone and Verizon charged me 10$ more per month, like we were upgrading, but he could not use instagram, snap chat or make vines.....very disappointing....then it quit recharging after about 3 weeks... so we had to get another phone.

I am returning this phone on Monday because it will not hold a charge and it turns off anytime it feels like it! Very Disappointing!

We recd this phone today - and it was needed since the prior phone was damaged.  I was shocked to see this phone come in a very generic box with a plastic insert that didn't really go w/the pieces inside.  What was extremely disappointing was that there was some kind of gunk all over the front of it - and then the ear screen [where you put your ear] had some kind of gunk over the screen.  Then the clincher -- although you could hear the other person on the line, they couldn't hear you.  We took it our neighborhood Verizon store & was informed that this phone was just plane..bad..My first disappointment w/an Amazon vendor...so upset!..it's being returned 1st thing in the morning.

Omg worst experience ever the phone looked used the battery didn't work. Don't waste your money RUN!! Read before your place your order.

I purchased the HTC eris and LOVE it!! It came in perfect condition, no scratches, bumps, or defaults! Battery life goes quickly but other than that i am very happy with my purchase!!!! Highly recommend it!!!!!

This is a great phone for someone who doesn't use the internet as much as they use applications. It also has older software so you can't download newer apps. That is really my only complaint. But the phone in general, in it's time, was a great phone.

I'm very disappointed with the purchase of the droid iris.  This phone is outdated you can't get updates to bring it up to speed my son is unable to get on his Facebook or anything else so very disappointed .  I had to mark one star cause it won't let me do a little bit but this product does not deserve any stars.

I did not receive the correct phone. I ordered a 4G phone and the one I receive is 3 G. Waste of money an time.

EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION, GREAT SERVICE, FRIENDLY!! THE PHONE ARRIVED ONTIME AND AS DESCRIBED THE PHONE WAS NEW!!MY DAUGHTER WAS ESTATIC!!  THANK U SO MUCH

The cheapest phone EVER!! I've had other phones with less memory and capabilities that were better than this!  It shuts down all the time... it locks up, I can 't download apps because it dies, can't pull up FB, Twitter, Pinterest, or any other form of social media apps because it will simply won't open them... it's just a horrible phone!!!

please i want to know if this phone is for page plus with no contract, please may someone help me

i like it work good i very happy with it best thing is work good thank you good work .i happy and well come buy more

It's a good phone for a beginner. Lagged a lot. But worked well doing simple things. I think this came out in 2010?

i bought a few months back or a gift. wen it was opened looked nice n new but half of  the touch  screen doesnt work.

Just didn't work for me. Phone was too small. My hands are big I kept pushing the wrong buttons. Dont like using a stylus. But it was all wrong.

Doesnt allow me to use all of my apps, and does not take,steady photos. I hate that there  is no flash on the camera either. Overall not happy with my choice of this phone.

need to know if I got a warranity with my phone cause my screen is broken need a replacement asap please get back to me

Phone was received in very good condition and works really well. The only problem I have noticed is there is sometimes a delay when making calls-not sure if its the network or phone.

returned phone, was not compatible with Verizon contacts backup program, other than that the phone seemed to work okay for me

We have had 3 different battery replacements and they all die within a couple hours. Finally returned phone, horrible and its hardly used.

Hi,This little phone is little but packed with power. It came already powered up. I hooked it up as soon as I got it. The seller was an awesome team player by making me a deal that I could not refuse. I love how it feels in my hand. It makes the perfect replacement phone if you ever need one without the hassle of a contract. Perfect for the money.Pam

great phone! as advertised and it works perfectly!! also affordable and easy to use. very happy with this purchase! :)

I bought my daughter a HTC Driod Eris for Verizon.The phone is fine working order,no problems.She enjoy her new toy.M.Garcia

Hey ,I ordered the Droid phone and from what I read I thought it would be all scratched up, That was not the case. I got the phone way ahead of schedule,and it was in excellent condition. I have not activated the service yet, but from what I received in the box great looking product. I played around with the function looks ok to me. I am also a Page Plus Customer. Thats really why I jumped on it. Great Phone and service for the low low. THX!

this phone is slow has all kinds of error codes internet acess is garbage!!!!run away from this product it sucks!!!!

The cell phone that we got did not work very well at all!  I could call people but they could not hear me and vice versa.  The battery life was non-existent.  It would die in an hour and a half.

It has a very nice screen size for an older model.  It is easy to use and I like it.

The phones charger support went out 2 months ago so I just brought another phone because to have it fixed was more than I paid for the phone in the first place.

Had this phone for about a month. does what it needs to do, not the greatest phone ever but what phone is?battery lasts a few days depending on how it's used. i was only using it for a temp replacement, but i'm holding on to it for awhile.i'm very happy with this and feel like i got more than my moneys worth.Really the ONLY thing i don't like is that it has android market rather than google play and it can't be upgraded to get it. still get a lot of the same apps, just not all of them. great phone, i recommend it.

recieved phone used two days crashed, now a paper weight.waste of money .went back to old phone at least it works.

This phone said brand new, i contacted Verizon after it messed up(touch screen completely failed) and they said that the phone was previously activated in 2010 and the phone wasn't new!

hi I purchist this product a month ago the phone is very slow and does not have much memory and I have lots of problems with this phone

As soon as it turned on for the first time I was impressed. but then it never worked again. I took it to a tech guy from verizon he said it was a junk phone and I should never have to pay for something like this ever. So if you buy this be careful, cause you may share my experience with it. Which in the end will make you want to tear out your hair and punch someone in the face.ps this phone sucks

Very Nice device. Was bought as a gift. Not a big fan of Verizon. But it works. And the Giftee is happy. Done deal.

MUCH smaller than the DROID X but has all the same features.  Takes some getting used to with the touch screen, especially after having a slide out keypad of last (non-android) phone.  Internet is pretty quick and it picks up wifi signals easily.  Highly recommend searching forums as there are many background apps that run the battery down quickly that you wouldn't normally think about.  Once you shut off things that you aren't using (like wifi and bluetooth), the battery lasts a day with normal use.  Fun free apps available from the "market" that are timely and easy to use - depending on what you are looking for.  This little phone packs a lot of things in its little size.  Once your eyes adjust to using a screen that size (3.2"), and your fingers adjust to the keypad, it's easy to navigate.  I'm not sure if I like the suggestive typing feature but it does make lengthly conversations quicker. Will definitely upgrade to the next size for my next phone, although this is a great starter smartphone.

Phone software was out of date. I took it to the Verizon store and they said the phone was not worth the money that was paid for it. The phone is very slow. Can't get on the internet etc.

When my husband lost his phone, I was shock at how much the replacement cost would be when we were not up for a renewal in a service plan.  We ordered the same phone from this company.  It arrived quickly and we merely had to take it to Verizon wireless for activation.  Ordering the replacement this way saved us about six hundred dollars.  I appreciate the sales person at Verizon who suggested this option.

I recieved the new battery. It still does not hold much charge. I need to keep it plugged in to charge 2 or 3 x a day. From talkling to other owners of the Droid Eris this is a common complaint

I recently purchased this phone after losing my Windows Phone, The Droid Erisis an excellent android phone even with the 2.1 operating system. The Cameratakes extremely good pictures and the touch screen is easy to use. I love thatyou have 2 blank menu screens to set short-cuts to your favorite apps. It also hasdedicated screens for favorite contacts and to send text messages. Reception is greatalso. I was unhappy though when I found that you could not link apps to the sd card, buteven that wasn't a problem, after some research and a few tweeks I now have a Droid Eristhat I can put my apps on my sd card to free up space on the phone. I highly recommend thisphone to anyone who loves an android in a small package.

I got this phone new from verizon way back when it first came out at the start of 2009. I've been up for an upgrade for a while now and I simply refuse to get one because there isnt a phone on the market as good as this phone. I travel a lot so I stream music all of the time via pandora on my phone and I've never had a problem with battery life. Honestly I have never had a problem period with this phone. it's also really sturdy, I'm a klutz and I've dropped it outside, on the tile floors in my kitchen, the countless drops from my hand missing my purse.Now with all that being said, I date a computer engineer who hates my phone because the version of android on here is older (again, it came out over 3 years ago) and some newer apps dont work on the phone (Zombie, Run, one of the new angry birds is laggy, etc). So if you are just simple smart phone user like me, it is perfect, but if you want to have 100s of apps on your phone and the newest of everything out there, you might want to try a different phone.

This phone is terrible, it has some good stuff to it but overall it's just plain garbage. The response time is terrible, often pausing or playing music seconds to minutes after I press pause or play. Just to make this clear, I have installed 2 apps (Alchemy and Poker) on there and have all my music is in outside memory from the phone. The battery on my phone lasts a good while and I can listen to music or audio books for hours, which is great until I need to pause or turn it down, which also requires ample amounts of time. This phone is extremely painful to use, and it's also Verizon only which makes it even worse.

I read reviews after buying the phone and was disappointed but was certain it was the users.... not true. after starting up the phone it runs completely slow and i couldnt even slied through the pics i put on the memory card i had to buy. not worth the money!

Phones voice when calling could not be heard and phone scratched on the of it.went and bought a new phone not a used one.

I purchased this phone in feb. it is now july and the screen is not working properly. I can not send text messages, use the calculator, check my voicemail, or dial a phone number, I can only call numbers that are in my contacts as the whole bottom left of the screen does not work. This is the second HTC Droid phone that I have purchased that has done the same thing. Do not buy!!

I've had so many problems with this phone.  It worked fine the first week and it all went downhill from there.  Do not buy this phone.  It's a nightmare.

Not completely pleased with this phone, it seems to freeze when you try to answer it.  I got it for the Droid OS which I LOVE but I have had better phones.  It will work, just not the best phone I have ever had. Purchased March 2011

Paying $30 for a smart phone, you get what you get. My brother has had it over a year, and it still works fine....we are about to retire it, and probably recycle it :)

This is one of the worst phones I have ever owned. I would prefer to go back to my flip phone than ever use this phone again. It processed EVERYTHING way too slow. Often times the Android Operating system would just crash for no reason. Had trouble receiving calls because the processing was so slow. I ever upgraded the memory in it hoping that would solve it and it didn't. I was constantly hard-resetting it to see if clearing all it's memory and cache would help but that did not work either. It may be labeled a smartphone but there was nothing smart about it. This is one of those instances where you get what you pay for.

I love this phone it does everything it advertise say it did I would recommend it to any one that like a smartphone.

This phone is some bulls***. The market is horrible i need a refund or a better phone im so unsatified me and my husband we ordered two phones and they both are just horrible.

1st, I was told this was a great phone...not so much!  2nd, some of the features listed the phone did not have.  3rd, it is slow and it tends to freeze up.  4th, the app store will not upgrade, so I am unable to download many programs I had on my droid 2 global (love that phone by the way).  5th, I was not aware the droid program on this was from years ago, since when you look up the specs on a new one you see new operating systems on it.  Some how I didn't get one of those, I got the old operating systems.  When I download an application from the app store it stores on my phone and does not allow me to download to my SD card.  I have tried everything, so now I can only have a limited amount of applications on my phone at any given time, which is not what I need.  I need to be able to access my school from my phone and cannot because of limited space on the phone for applications.  I cannot use the wifi on it because if I do the app store does not work and I cannot access the internet apps either.  I have to use the 3g and data on my plan to go online which defeats the point if you are supposed to be able to use wifi...that is what it is there for.  Just a real bummer for me when I had such a great phone and was told this was an upgrade.  Boy were they full of it, the phone is a downgrade.  It is a smaller and thinner phone, but the other one I had was able to do so much more.  This is a great started phone for your teen, but not for a mother of two, full-time student who is using her phone on the go to keep up with school and her family.  Not to mention if you are wanting this for it's camera and video it is not good at all.  The joy stick on the phone does not work like it is supposed to and the pics always come out blurry.  As someone who has an expensive camera and takes millions of pictures it is a bummer to have every picture on my phone of my children come out blurry.  I miss my droid 2 global.  Will probably buy another one of those and sell this one to a teen so I can have a fully functioning phone.  Wish the post on this would have been a lot more honest about what you actually are getting with this phone instead of trying to pass it off as a "new" phone.On a positive note, the touch screen works great and there is plenty of space for whatever you choose to have on your home screens.  Also the key board is easy to use which I was worried about since I do text a lot I have always wanted the key pad versus the touch screen key board.

This is a great product and works as expected. I am impressed at how easy it was to switch over to my active verizion account. Thank you for backing your product.

it's a litlle bit complicated!! very small the screen, slow. it's been a disapointing, was a present for my hubby and i feel embarrassed that this cell does not meet his expectations.

bought as a temporary replacement. works well and looks good. Worth the price if you need to replace a smartphone

It was awful! The worst phone I've ever used! It froze all the time, and I couldn't use the internet because of it's inefficiency. It just sucks!!!! I am glad I use iphones now!

I bought the droid eris from wirefly and I absolutely love the phone It is attached to my hip dont leave the house without it. I would recommend this to anyone. Hard to figure out at first but I love my phone..

I thought this would be a sort of basic phone but no, this is a full featured phone with so much potential.  I decided to put most of my music on the phone and with a 16 gb card I was able to put  1000 songs on and still have 8 gb left. The phone runs Android 2.1 and I would prefer Android 2.2 Froyo and later because I would like for the phone to share memory space with the sd card. The other thing I worried about was the capacitive screen and indeed it is very responsive. The camera is a 5 megapixel back facing camera that is good enough to get you posted on the news. This seller is remarkable in a good way. Buy from them. I am very happy with the price and the camera.

I bought a HTC eris from Ross Cellular and it worked fine, I like the phone.. then about 4 months after I got it, it starts acting like it doesn't want to charge.. I would have to hold the phone a certain way for it to charge. So people kept telling me maybe it was the battery.. so I got a new battery and that didn't help at all. I've been through THREE phone chargers and none of them work so I'm convinced it's the phone!

the product over all is good, however it very glitchy. maybe its because im not used to the product, as im going from an Ipod that i used for texting and apps to a droid. the price was well worth the phone and the condition was perfect! Shipment was fabulous, was in a small box, but had protected the device well. I received it well before it was expected.

i just wish it had a bigger screen. battery does not last very long. i love the android platform. lots of free and great working apps. just wish it was a little faster. i love the wifi option on it. it helps to speed up the internet. 3G is fast...but not as fast as my home internet.

service is not real good and needs to be thinner but larger. and slide lock gets locked sp I cant reccccccccccirvrI have to take battery out to resetNo would not recommend

Unfortunately, the phone had to be returned.  Within about 30 minutes of taking it to the Verizon store to have it activated, it wouldn't turn on.  That said, if it had worked, it probably would have been fine.I'm very happy with the return and refund process, so that's good.

I sent this phone back after 2 weeks because whenever i was on it, it would hang up on people. It is a very touchy phone and i do not recommend buying it.

Wanted a GSM and not a CDMA. I guess the descriptions could be made better so that it is clearer.

The phone did not function properly.  After consulting HTC, Verizon and my Lifeline carrier I asked the seller if i could return the phone and he aggreed to take it back with no objections or reservations.  I later found out that it was not the fault of the seller or the phone.  I had purchased an "unlocked" phone when I should have purchased a regular Verizon enabled phone.  I am a senior Citizen and not familiar with cell technology and thank the seller for being so understanding.  This seller is a credit to Amazon.

Bought this phone with Verizon a while back, stuck in their two year contract...... enough said.Pros: Date, Time, Calendar apps work fineCons: Will not upgrade to Outlook mail. Which is now required by Microsoft. Had to download another app with ads. :(Extremely slow response time for tapping apps and keys buttons.Battery life is no existent, has to be plugged in most of the time.Best recommendation... Buy an updated phone. Do Not buy this one...

I bought this HTC for my GF. Its very good phone and so far no complain. AS far for the technology : it is android and take all the app without problem NO freezing so far ....

As advertised,it was in great condition and my sister loves it. I was very pleased with my 1st phone purchase and can't wait to order a Galaxy SII

DisappointedIt Didn't Come With The Quick Start Guide Like Was Advertised. Runs Slow And It Was A Gift For My Mom So disappointed.

It's a great phone but the security is needs to be checked over all it a great phone  needs more up to date

It came at a timely fashion, no scratches. Everything was perfect ! :) I had no problem in the time waiting on it and i also didn't have any problem putting it on pageplus (which you don't have to do it's your choice) I think it is absolutely great !!

not only did the phone have a horrible battery life, but the screen and cursor both slide on their own. its a constant problem. after only 3 months ive decided to get a diff. phone......

Do NOT waste your money on this phone. I got the Droid Eris back a few years ago through Verizon Wireless when I was eligible for an upgrade and this is when I first heard about Android phones so I picked it up and thought it was a good phone but this is the worst phone that I've ever owned. It's very laggy and the phone can't keep up with my fast texting. Also, at random times when I go to any screen that has items to scroll down to, it will automatically scroll down to the bottom of the screen and when I try to click on an item to open it, it'll open up another application. This phone has caused nothing but headaches and frustrations with me. Also, navigating through the applications and from screen to screen get's very laggy and is very frustrating. The OS on the Droid Eris for default was the 1.5 Droid and it was junk but even with the updated 2.1 Android OS it's still a laggy phone, the Droid Eris just can't keep up with the new OS because the processor is garbage. The internal phone storage space has only 512MB but with all the applications that are on there as default, you only get about 130MB of storage space and the phone gets very bogged down. Even with an 8GB SD card, you can't store any applications in the SD card so the phone can only handle so much before it starts to lag very badly. Also, with the texting on the phone, I have to constantly delete my text messages if it gets to a few hundred because the phone will be very very laggy. Again, do NOT waste your money or time on the Droid Eris, I'd prefer a simple flip phone over this piece of junk. There are plenty of other newer Android phones that blow this phone out of the water. The Droid Eris wasn't even on the market that long because new Android phones came in and knocked this one out!Pros: Nothing!Cons: Lags too much. Not enought internal storage space. Slow processor. Camera takes pictures too slow and the pictures come out blurry if you move just a tiny bit.Overall Impressions: Horrible phone. Waste of money. Very frustrating to work with. Not worth your money or time to invest in getting this phone.

I bought one of the first Droid Eris phones.  Android 1.5 was horrible, but had potential.  When the update to 2.1 was rolled out, I thought, "Cool"...  Nope.  Phone was still laggy and ran out of system memory with TOO MANY APPS...Solution?  I rooted it and installed CyanogenMod7 with great fear and trembling...  What if I turned my phone into a brick?  It turned out well, though with lots of help from various users.  And so...  How does it work now?  Well, I was able to overclock the processor to about 700+ megahertz, which helped.  I could now move apps to the sdram card, which took care of the memory problems, and for the most part, the phone stopped locking up.I lost the HTC Sense UI, but all in all it was an excellent trade-off.  Oh yeah, I did buy the 3300 mAH battery which means I often can go two days without a recharge.So, considering that this was a relatively inexpensive smartphone and a very early edition, it ain't bad.--Jerry

I bought this phone thinking it would be good because of the Android platform. I SUCKS. It constantly freezes and the operating system sucks. The internet runs slow and will turn off when a website won't work and barley any websites work. I was thinking about selling the phone but I wouldn't even want someone else to have to deal with these problems. Once my contract runs out I'm throwing the phone in the trash and switching to an iPhone.

Even after reading a couple of bad reviews about this phone, I decided to give it a try anyway.  I purchased 2 of them for my boyfriend and myself and all I can say is awesome.  The phone does more than I ever expected.  The battery life could be better but the phone is still worth giving 5 stars.  Just like having a mini tablet in my hands.

I ordered two of these for my husband and I because we both needed replacement phones.  Let me say first that before we got these phones neither of us had the latest and greatest new phones out on the market.  I have a HTC incredible and he has a Droid 2.  We got both of them in 2 days and that's when the problems began.  The screen is very small, causing applications and the internet picture to be jumbled and pushed together which is very distracting and irritating.  Apps like Facebook will not update to their current versions.  Same with Google play, which is still just Android market and will not update either.  The camera on the back of the phone has no flash.  I have never returned anything Ive bought on the internet but after about 4 hours of fighting with the phone I knew it had to go.  I would not recommend this phone to ANYONE...unless maybe you've never had a smartphone and so therefore you have no expectations, but even then you could get a good contract phone or a very decent prepaid that I'm sure would be a lot better quality.

This is a good cheap phone. Yeah, not the greatest battery life, but it sure beats some of the Verizon phone that they have like the charm. Its a great back up phone

The onscreen keyboard is made for someone with fly hands. It's too touchy and teeny. This phone is not intuitively designed. I hate this phone. Looking at it makes me angry and I regret I didn't do the research I should have. I advise everyone to not buy this phone. Unless you have fly hands. Then you obviously have other problems.

this phone is great if you have one that doesn't have the glitch. It scrolls all the way to one side and you cannot do anything and it happens to often.

I got this phone as a replacement for my under contract Verizon phone.  It could not be activated with Verizon due to having been activated on another network previously.  I sent it back with no problems and they refunded me promptly.

The company I got it from was great. The phone itself I didn't like. Its slow and small. But I like that its a htc phone.

Highly recommend...I needed a extra phone, just in case something happen to my current phone, at a price i could afford.Everything worked out just fine, it's a great phone.Don't delay...buy it.

This phone is terrible. I got it for free from a family friend, he paid for it at the Verizon store and only used it for about a month before switching mobile carriers. Worst phone I have ever had. It was slow. It did whatever it felt like doing. The texting sucked. I could never get any service with this phone, so I was constantly missing and dropping calls. It's tiny! I have small fingers and even I was having the hardest time pressing the correct letters when I was typing with this phone. Just all around, the worst phone ever made. Do not waste  your money and buy this!

Wouldn't really know because when I received it half of the screen would not work. But liked its design the feel of the phone seemed to b pretty durable. Hope to get to use my replacement phone soon.

This phone is so slow and sticky, cannot game on it at all. It's supposed to be a smartphone but you can't even make or receive calls without it freezing. It's just a headache. Skip the Android network all together!

i like the fact all worked and all the seller helps out a lot to get u satisfied also the only reason i gave it a 4 star is because he never told me the volume buttons where missing other then that there good

The vendor "5 Star Distributor LLC - Amazon Marketplace" did very well delivering the product in good condition in a timely manner. I did experience problems with the phone shutting it self down in the middle of operations such as writing a text message. The vendor was very responsive to discussing the problem and the phone was recently returned to the vendor for a refund. I have not received the refund to date but the vendor seems very reputable and I do not anticipate any problems.
