
I purchased this for my elderly mom back in India and in the technical specification there was no mention of dual-band that works only where 850/1900 frequencies are supported which is mostly in American continent. Most other continents use 900/1800 frequency hence this phone doesn't work where 850/1900 is not supported(including India and most countries outside american continent).  I have nothing against the phone but would have liked the company disclose this information in their technical specifications which would have alerted me before the purchase.

UPDATED REVIEW:--- Initially we wrote that we could NOT find a replacement battery for our Just5 cell phone. We are amending this commentary to report that we could find a replacement battery, but availability appears to be restricted to just one source. Please read on:Our Just5 battery failed to hold a charge after a year and a half of owning the phone, and we could not find a replacement battery for the "Just5 J509" cell phone despite looking on Amazon and by searching far and wide on the Internet. Without replacement batteries, the "Just5" cell phone is a throw-a-way cell phone only suitable for contaminating landfills.The battery of the "Just5" cell phone is removable, and as a "consumable item", battery replacements should be readily available as they are for cell phone batteries from other companies, but apparently Just5 is using a proprietary battery that is restricted in design and  availability. Even retail sellers of the "Just5" phones that we found listed on the "Just5" website could not sell us a battery.We were only able to find a replacement battery by going to the "Just5" website and then calling the "customer service" number listed that connects to what appears to be a "virtual office" answering service in Las Vegas, Nevada. The "customer service" person could not find replacement batteries listed for sale on their computer, but they took our phone number and said they would forward our request for information to another "Just5" department.Later in the day we received a phone call from a number that did not show a caller I.D. on our phone. The person on the phone said they were from "Just5" and that they could sell us a replacement battery for our Just5 phone. We gave them a credit card number and after a few days we had the new battery delivered by mail.There are many good reviews for the "Just5 J509" cell phone, but a buyer must consider that if the "Just5" company goes out of business, there may not replacement batteries available for these phones. From what we've been able to discover, the "Just5" owner can only find replacement batteries by going to the Just5 website and calling "Just5" customer service.Our "one star" rating for the phone reflects our opinion that keeping the phone in operation might be difficult or impossible if replacement battery availability remains as restricted as it is currently.

This is an excellent product that fills a very important and unmet market need -- cell phones for the elderly. The buttons are large and easy to use by arthritic fingers and failing eyes. The phone calling out key-presses is a nice touch and useful for those with vision problems. The volume is loud enough for use by people who are hard of hearing.The emergency call button is the best feature of this phone, though what it does it is not documented in detail anywhere. I will try to rectify that here.You have to set up the emergency feature by entering up to 5 phone numbers. The emergency mode is activated by pressing and holding the emergency button for 5 seconds. After 5 seconds, the phone starts making a loud wailing sound indicating that it has started the emergency sequence. The sound is loud enough to attract attention if you are in a public or semi-public place or even if you are at home and unable to yell for help. The sound also alerts the user that the button pressed has been recognized and the phone is working on getting someone on the phone.The phone first sends a SMS message to all 5 phone numbers stating "I'm having an emergency, please answer!" It then dials the 5 numbers in the order of priority until someone picks up. This is where the plan runs into problems. What happens if no one picks up and the call goes to voice mail? In my testing, some times the phone detected that the call had gone to voice mail and moved on to calling the next number. Most times the phone interpreted the voice mail as someone having picked up at the other end . At this point, the phone stopped wailing and connected the call.That means, all you can count on the emergency button to do is sound an alarm that may attract attention, send out 5 SMS messages and make one phone call. It MAY call other numbers, but you can not COUNT on it.The phone does have one other problem: Non-existent documentation. The entire documentation is quite literally one sheet of paper with large text and pictures that tells you to hit the up/down button to enter settings or phonebook. This is what you get with the phone and this is all that is available for download from the manufacturer's website. You are on your own after that. It is not hard to figure out the settings for someone who is tech savvy, but impossible to handle for a typical elderly person who barely feel comfortable retrieving their voice mail. If you are not tech savvy yourself, or can not call upon a tech savvy person to set it up for you, you will not be able to customize the phone (volume, ringer tone, phone book etc) or use the emergency feature.The FM radio and LED flashlight may be nice for some, but I found them to be a distraction.All in all, it is a great product. I initially deducted one star because of the documentation and because of the limitations of the emergency calling, but am eventually giving it 5 stars because this is a product that truly deserves 5 stars.

At first I wasn't sure how this phone would work in Canada so we thought we'd try it... great phone works great exactly what we wanted

i purchased this phone for my Mother who is elderly. Phone is also referred to as a senior phone. Extra volume, bigger numbers, built in flash light amd an alert button on tthe back of phone that will automaticly call 911 when person is in trouble with just one press with your finger. This phone is great for her and my peace of mind!

I purchased this phone for my mother who has macular degeneration.  She should be able to use this phone for years, not only because of the large keypad, but of the number respond and the SOS system.  We took her sim card out of her old phone and put it in this new one and she was up and running!  SUPER EASY!  (She had a pay as you go T-Mobile phone)  She has alittle more independence again :-)

Thus mobile phone us PERFECT for my 80 year old mother. She us thrilled to have it and uses the phone more often because she can press the keys easier and read the caller ID without straining her vision.

I returned this almost immediately because of the battery issue.  I think its otherwise got a lot going for it.. clean lines, good visibility. stylish, decent sound, useful features.  I got it for my 89 year old Dad but it was beyond him by the time we got into these kind of cell phones.  AT 80 he would have been fine and used it for a good long while.

A good phone for a good price. I understand they have an upgraded model, even grand pa needs to move to this day & age.

Purchased for my Mom  who is 73 and has a hard time with cell phones and smart phones. She said it is really easy to navigate and use.

A good phone for those that want a phone.  Good for elderly as it is quite easy to use, has good volume, and has a unique, well-engineered and thought out emergency call (SOS) button.  Also has a useful flashlight feature.  Just5 service is good, simple as well, and very economical, but phone can be used with AT&T; or any GSM service.  Imbeded radio feature might be useful to some (I doubt many) but I taped over that switch for further simplification of use.Side switches should be a contrasting color as the SOS button is.

my uncle loves it. is very cool, small and useful. very good ring tone. Big numbers for people that can't see.

I loved it, thought it was a great phone, however it was a gift for my 82 year old father and he couldn't hear on it, perhaps it wasn't the phone, know what I'm sayin&#34;.Returns was super easy.

for my mom, senior and wanted a simple phone.  meets her expectations.  only problem is that it the keys are very sensitive when touched; hard to find a cell cover.

I bought this phone from the just5 website because I wanted to take advantage of their bundled sim card/ carrier service.We had been verizon customers and decided that going pre-paid unlocked was the way to go for us.For button size, this phone is awesome.  Hitting more than one button at one time is a thing of the past.  Screen character size is also great for poor vision.Setting up the phone isn't too bad, although the menu button is a little touchy going directly to phone book if you're not dead center on the button.Inputting phone numbers is a little tedious - although being given the choice between saving to the phone or the sim card is nice.. a button for BOTH would be even more handy.I have yet to set up the voicemail because the carrier (red pocket mobile) is awful on customer service and has not responded to my questions via email yet.. and their on line chat has never been available when I wanted to ask a question.  They have yet to provide instructions on voicemail set up and access.The Just 5 people have been outstanding for customer service both before and after the sale.Red Pocket.. not so much.Where we live, no cell company has provided what I would consider a viable connectivity service until we got this phone.  What used to be one or two bars (if that) is now almost always 4 bars.What I'm not wild about is the icons.  The buttons are certainly big enough to use text for ON and OFF, SEND and END.  The menu button, in my opinion could say menu instead of a weird icon, and for the few menu options, just the text would be plenty.. no clunky icons taking up space.Personally, I do not like icons at all.. icons are for people that cannot read.I had considered also getting these phones for my elderly parents, who have thus far not gotten a cell phone of any kind.For them, icons would be totally meaningless and telling them red or green icons for answering or hanging up the phone would have them just retire the phone instantly.Also, one of the features I really wanted on a cell phone was to have it sound like an actual phone.  The customer service folks assured me that one of the 6 provided tones did sound like a phone.  Well, I don't know where they grew up or what their phones sounded like but that item on my wish list for a new phone did not happen.  There's one that's much more high pitched, has the beginnings of what a land line phone used to sound like (the timing mostly) but has variations that are border line annoying.Battery life is good.  I haven't found a use for the flashlight beyond letting the cat chase the beam around the floor but it works well.  The radio works.We have not set up the emergency numbers or tested the big red button.. reports of how loud it is by other reviewers has convinced me that, without a turn off alarm feature, this is not something I just want to test.We wanted a phone.. to just be a phone, with big enough buttons for hubby's monster mitts and large enough font on the screen for me to see.  If it didn't have text capabilities, my feelings would not be hurt in the least.Had the phone had text instead of icons and a ring tone that sounds like a land line phone, this review would have been 5 stars instead of 4.Good show just 5 - I await the CP11 to come to the US to get a second one.

not what we needed for legally blind mother - can't  say more - never used - returned without anyone using...

I would definitely recommend this phone.  It's very loud although the screen could be bigger.  Finally found a phone my elderly mom can use!

i did send back the phone with tracking number you guys already got the phone back, but do not hear anything email back to me yet ,please let me know when i can have money back ? thanks.

Basic phone. No frills. Nice big numbers. Very lightweight. Good phone for an elderly person that needs a simple, basic phone.

Bought for my mother. She is not tech savvy so this is the best for her. large numbers and even voice back. It will say the number after you press it. large number on screen too. It also has a emergency "one touch" button on the back. Not a tech phone very basic call and text. Dropped one star for not having a good owners manual for set up. had to thumb through everything to find what I was looking for.

I bought this for my mom who wanted a cell phone that was easy to use she still had some trouble with it my mom hates tech

My elderly mother had recently had a mild stroke. I began to look at alert necklaces in case she were to fall. We also expected a full recovery which meant she would be driving again. The medical alerts had a limited range and involved a monthly subscription. A number of posts on forums recommended the Just5 phone instead.After reviewing the phone's features and discussing it with my mother, we decided to order the phone. Since she already uses T-Mobile, it was simple to transfer the sim card to the new phone after it arrived. Transferring the sim card took care of her phone book and setting up the rest of the settings was fairly simple.She really likes the phone! She's able to hear it well. It is hearing aid compatible and she wears hearing aids. She likes the locking feature so she can slip the phone into her purse or pocket without fear of buttons being pushed. The icons are large enough to be easily seen and meaningful enough to be easily understood. She likes the large buttons, the ease of use, and that she can push a "person" button and it will speed dial my cell.  We left the SOS button on the default setting of 911 so she knows that if she has a real emergency she only has to push that button.

think a productuo good for people suffering from respiratory problems. The product arrived on time and is of high quality

I bought this phone for my grandmother, but ended up selling it. She kept ending calls accidentally because the buttons are too close to the sides of the phone and it's tricky to hold correctly. Also, the phone numbers would not sort correctly. They would come up in groups like:AdamAndrewBethCharlie...AndreaBenChristine...I would recommend this phone as a child's phone (to contact mom and dad or a couple friends), but not as a phone for seniors. It's much more difficult for them to operate than a standard Nokia bar phone and more frustrating for me to troubleshoot.

I received this phone which needs a SIM card(Which is free and you pay when you activate it)I called the # to receive the SIM card and was informed it would be sent out the next day . After waiting 3 weeks I called the owner and notified them I was returning the Phone  and why#1 if the SIM is free why not send it with the phone #2My phone was locked . I was notified that that was ok to return the phone. when I went through Amazon to return the phone it was declined because  it was past the 30 day return time .  I still have the phone locked and no sim card. This constitutes poor management my definition of the word . I have paid my money and have something that is useless . Lois Morris

I purchased this for my elderly mom who can not work a cell phone.  I am giving it as a gift and so have not done so yet.  I love the big buttons and all the features.  I programed all my mom's numbers to speed dial so all she has to do is press a button which corresponds to a list of names.  I taped over the emergency button since I think it might pose a problem and deactivated it as well.  She had a go phone previously so I used the Sims card in this phone and it worked great.  This phone is unlocked but I had to call AT&T to unlock the go phone in order to use it in the new phone.  Keeping my fingers crossed.

I am writing this review as the son of a parent with dementia.  Ease of use for the elder is critical, but you also have to be able to get to them if something isn't right or you have to find them.  All elder phones should be GPS enabled.  You don't even have to make it so the elder can access it, just so you can find them with Google Latitude or ATT's family tracker.  Until then, nothing gets more than 2 stars from me.

I bought this phone for my 93 year old somewhat technology-challenged mother. I added it to our AT&T; family plan. It has worked out better than I expected for her and for us. She is able to answer calls easily and can hear callers well. We get good reception and the battery life is pretty good.I like the one button speed dial. I just keep the list for her next to the phone and she just pushes one button to call a family member or friend.Two observations: The green and red markings for the answer (or OK) and hangup buttons is not as obvious as shown in the pictures, at least on the white phone that I have. The other observations is the power button is the hangup (red) key. It is a bit confusing for her to have the hangup key also be the power "on" key for the phone. Just saying, if the green turned it on and the red turned it off that would make more sense to her.I know the FM radio seems a little strange... but after the tornados hit Alabama in April 2011 and we were (as were most people in north Alabama) out of power for 5 days, I am glad it has that feature. Most of us were digging in dark corners of our closets for a battery powered radio.

I purchased this for my mother in law, who is adverse to all things technological.  I thought she would love the simplicity of this phone.  I was wrong.  The menu was very difficult for her to navigate, therefore, she never was comfortable using the phone, even after many lessons and weeks of use.  Also, on numerous occasions, she accidentally unlocked the phone while digging in her purse (there is a slide on the side) and turned it on.  The final straw was when it rang in church one morning!  We sent it back the next day.

Ordered this for my mother-in-law.  She needed an easy phone to operate & this is just right for her!!  Very pleased!!!

Do not buy this phone. It stopped working after two months, it is cheaply made, and it is NOT simple for an elderly person to use. I wish I could return it for a full refund but I cannot. Waste of money.

I got this phone for my 80 year old mother.  She loves it. After several months, the battery would not hold a charge. I contacted the company, and they sent me a new battery free of charge. Very simple for her to use.

I was bracing myself if I bought this phone, and put another company's SIM card in it, and it didn't work. Arrangements like this sometimes lead to a bunch of finger-pointing between the two vendors. In this case, I got the phone and then took a trip to the local AT&T store to get a phone that I could take the SIM card out of, only to find out that I didn't have to get a phone at all -they sell SIMs alone, you just have to pick a phone plan the SIM goes with. Well, it worked, and my elderly relative loves the phone. The phone is still relatively small, but the buttons are big enough to make it easy for grandparents.

I plan to purdhase this for my 89-year old mother who never uses the fancier phone she has and we're wasting money. She has not made a single call in 3 years. But we want her to have this in the car and the SOS button is the main feature we like.But once you purchase a SIM card, what else needs to be done? How do you load minutes?

looks better than it is.no volume on phone after 60 days.  Return policy expired after 30 days, now my mom is stuck with something to throw at intruders rather than call 911.Big rasberry

i hought the Just 5 for my parents .They seem to like the phone the problem I see with it is the way I hear them when talking to them while they are using the Just 5. On my end it sounds muffled needing more clarity. I can hear and understand the call but other phones have sounded much better.

I bought this phone for my hard-of-hearing mother. The phone isn't louder than ANY normal phone on the market today. Furthermore, it's cheaply made. I don't recommend this phone to anyone.

Got the phone for my elderly mom, replaced a pebble. She loves the phone as it is easy to understand and use.To our surprize it has a radio and a flashlight. The only slight dissappointment is the quality how it feels, it is light, it almost feels like a toy in your hand. My kids thought it was a calculator (lol)

Bought this for my Mom and she loves it! Big buttons are easy for her to use and the sound amplification is just what she needed

this phone does exactly what it was bougt for.  My parents still had a little trouble learning to use it.  I wish I had ordered a car charger with it.

The phone itself seems good but the carrier had no service in my area rendering this item useless to me.

I purchased this phone for my 80-year-old mother so she can keep it on her person at all times.  She absolutely loves it because of the large display and easy to see buttons!This phone has excellent build quality and a receiver more sensitive than my iPhone!  Mom can use this in places where the iPhone gives "no service"...

My Just5 cell phone arrived in a timely fashion.  Brand new & excellent packaging.  I'm very satisfied to have had The Price Bros. as the seller & will buy from them again. I've been purchasing from Amazon.com for yrs. & they have never disappointed me.

Not designed to work with AT&T; Go Phone, but JUST provided an easy solution for transitioning to T-Mobile for their "Pay as you go" plan, which is almost the same as AT&T.;Color is unimportant. Phone seems easy to operate, nice features, loud ring and talk, but instructions are not completely clear. Could be a bit much for some seniors, so set the phone up yourself before giving it to your Mom or Dad. I bought for my Mom at age 89.Battery life is fine, she's not away from a charging place too long.I've always used AT&T;, but T-mobile was so much more helpful than any AT&T; rep with whom I've ever dealt, that I was happy to go with them.SOS feature is valuable, just don't rely totally on this, as no carrier's wireless is always 100 percent reliable. Every senior should have a hard-wired phone, just in case.I reserve the right to revisit this review later.

While this phone in concept is a superb phone, I find I must give it a poor rating because there is no manual. What were they thinking?  How could a company roll out a product without a manual on usage?  I have already placed three phone calls to the company for help in using this phone......and I'm technologically savvy! For the unlocked version, there is no information as to what SIM card works best.  I had to make two trips down to AT&T; because the phone wasn't working with the card. I have spent so much time on getting this phone to work that I just should have purchased the Jitterbug. Plus, you can't imagine how frustrated my 88 year old mother is trying to press the buttons with her weak arms. Crazy. When you release a product, do it the correct way...with a manual. I say, purchase the jitterbug. Less aggravation for all.P.S. How about a rubber case specially for this phone so if it drops, it won't get damaged? I don't see any accessories available.

I bought one of these phones for my grandmother. She loves it. I got the red one for her because she likes read. This phone is very simple. 4 menus sms setting phone book and call histery. Thats it. This is a great phone. I give it 5 stars.

Just received this cell phone today.  Moved my SIM card from old phone to this new one.  Programming phone was relatively simple.  I wanted it be be LOUD!!  And it is loud :o) so now I will be able to hear my phone ring even when tucked into my purse.  The price was fantastic, though I would pay more if it had blue tooth capabilities.  I will try to do a follow up re-view in a couple of months.

Purchased this phone for my aging mom who thinks that cell phones were invented to mock her. She needs incredible simplicity in a cell phone with zero distracting features.Phone appeared to meet simplicity requirements but couldn't get acceptable activation. Tried Red Pocket but had poor or no reception despite excellent service rating in the company's zip code service guide. Cancelled service within a few days. No refund for activation fee or unused minutes. Couldn't find an alternative carrier with a good reputation. Ditched phone in disgust -  out $100 +/-. Costly lesson.Phone:

user friendly...well described--I actually ordered this phone for my elderly father to use. I really like the colorred) and the large, easy to use buttons. Teally nice choice~My dad seems to like it also--i just wish he'd use a phone more often!

Nice phone but is dead on arrival if you want to use ATT prepaid sims. Might work with other providers or with a regular sim but it does not specify what the compatible carriers are.
