
I read many reviews and was skeptical because some were very critical of the service they received when they called customer service.  I probably received better service from these folks than I have with many other products.  I called 3 times, twice to activate it and 1 for information I needed.  The first time I called it was determined I had the wrong SIM card.  They said a week to 10 days to receive a correct one and I had it within 3 days.  I never waited more than 3 minutes when I called.  Maybe it was because it was in the middle of the afternoon.  Everything is working fine and the reception in my part of Virginia which is hilly with mountains has been fine thus far.

This item was a possible phone for my 85 year old father.  Although I think the phoneis great the screen and button size were too small for him.  I passed it on to someoneelse who can use it. LG tracfone are always reliable.

I just got this from Tracfone and am enjoying it very much. It's easier to use than my last Motorola, plus it has a nice camera and can connect to the web. The appearance is indeed black and shiny, but that hasn't been any problem for me. I've used Tracfone for many years and always had excellent customer service, no problems connecting, and nice inexpensive phones. If you don't use a cell phone very often, this is a good choice.

I purchased this phone over a month ago to replace my busted motorola W370 but I just cannot recommend it.  First off, the first phone I received was defective and would freeze up after letting it sit for about 30 minutes.  I had to be within 5 miles of the tower for it to get a signal as well.  My replacement wasn't much better but it does not freeze up.  I still can't get signal at my house and I'm no more than 7 miles from the cell tower.  I never had problems with signal with my previous nokia and motorola tracfones.  To me, the worst problem is the battery life.  I literally have to charge this phone daily even if I don't talk on it.  I'm used to going up to a week between charges.On the bright side, this phone does have excellent clarity when it does have a signal, it does preform bluetooth tranfers excellently, and does take somewhat decent photos.Overall, unless you live under a cell tower and enjoy charging your phone constantly, don't get this phone.

I didnt't want a cell phone because I knew I wouldn't use it often so a pre-pay no-contract was the answer for me.  Then it was a matter of which phone to buy.  After entering my zip code on the Tracfone website and analyzing the phones recommended for my area I found the LG 420G to satisfy my needs.  The major attractions for me were the price, free S&H;, double minutes for life, speaker, camera, tracking of minutes  and time used, texting and the Universal Accessory Package which included a hands-free headset, phone carrying case and Vehicle Adapter, etc.  Other concerns were clarity and setup/activation. I found setup and activation to be no problem. I charged the phone a couple hours before attempting to activate it, which I did online.  I signed on the internet and followed the online procedure for activation, and before I knew it the phone was activated and a phone number had been assigned. The normal 10 minutes of free time (for 60 days) had been doubled to 20 minutes (for 60 days) so I could now test the phone.  Clarity was far better than I expected.I later bought 365 days of 400 airtime minutes. With this phone the minutes doubled giving me 800 minutes for 365 days. When I signed on to buy minutes there was a 200 minute bonus offer with this 365 day plan so I actually got 1000 minutes with the 400 minute card (I saved the coupon that came with the phone for later use).  So I started with 1020 minutes for 425 days.There are many wonderful features with this phone but all I really need is the opportunity to place an occasional call when needed.  I don't intend to chit-chat and gossip all day but I have no doubt that this phone will satisfy that need too.  I rate it a '5' for my needs.  I only paid $19.99 and about a week+ later it was in a Family Dollar sale paper for $10 but I don't know if that included the Universal Accessory Package. I know you can buy it in stores, I looked at Radio Shack, e.g. who had it for $19.99 but without the accessory package.  It arrived from TracFone about 2 days before I expected and noone was home... Tracfone's contract states that a signature is required so FedEx did not leave it at the door.  I went to the post office to pick it up even though FedEx does make several attempts to re-deliver.I recommend it: ESPECIALLY 1) for youngsters, to control their spending 2) for Seniors, who don't want to use it a lot and 3)for those like me, as a solution because we can't find a public phone!!

I bought an LG 420G to replace the Samsung 101T I threw away because it was so crappy. The LG 420G is simple, reliable, and the instruction manual is understandable. I'm amazed that I could get a camera AND double minutes for $15! I'm happy with the Tracfone service, too. My only complaint (as others have mentioned) is that the battery doesn't last very long; I have to charge it up every couple of days. But I can live with that.

I've had mine for about 6 months, replacing an earlier open-faceTracfone.  It works well enough, although it is slightly lessable to get connections around town than my previous phone.  If thenumber you are calling is busy, it seems to take a long time togive you a busy signal, leading you to suspect that the call hasbeen dropped.  And it seems to drop calls a bit more than the previous model.But, all in all, I don't really have a lot of complaints aboutthe connections or call quality.My biggest complaint is the shape when trying to open it.  It's likea slippery bar of soap and is hard to quickly open with one hand,particularly in the dark.  I've used other flip phones that aremuch easier to open single-handed.  Part of the problem is that it'svery hard to determine, by feel, where the hinge is and whether thephone is facing you or away.In addition, the screen brightness is pretty weak outdoors in thesun.  Indoors, or other than in the sun,it's fine.  Battery lifeis excellent, easily going a week plus whennot actively being used to talk.

This was supposed to be a "brand new" phone and when we went to activate the person stated there was a "516" area code and number attached to serial number.  POOR REPRESENTATION!!!

This just your simple run of the mill flip phone. I found the phone itself to be easy to use and to have some cool features. However I bought this to replace my Motorola flip phone because the battery stopped holding a charge. On my Motorola I got great service at my house and in some areas where my friends with contract plans did not. On the LG I have NO service at my house, when I put it down and leave it for 15 mins it will find service but if you move it at all it loses service again it did get service other places. I recently replaced it with the Samsung T301g which also gets great service. So this is a nice phone but has terrible reception.

This is the worst phone I have ever seen or heard about. The Motorola w376g is 1000% better. The w376 at least can customize the menus and stays on when not being used. The LG420 dies about 3 times a day after owning it about 2 weeks. Charge the battery every other day. Have to open the battery compartment and remove the battery. Re-insert battery and turn it on. It dies about 6 hours later. Even the Tracfone people told me to remove battery and re-insert and then turn it on again when it dies. Sounds like a fun thing to do every day. This LG420 is worthless. Would not even make a good paper weight. Taking it back to Walmart. Tracfone does not support the w376 phone in Dallas area since that one died after 2.5 years. The w376 was really good phone but can not use it in my area. You do NOT get a very good user manual and instructions are few. You have to figure out all the menus and processes. Too many buttons to press to get to your contact list or calendar.DO NOT BUY THIS ;G420 PHONE.

I bought the LG 420G Tracfone at Walgrens last night.  It was on sale for $14.99 and it comes with double minutes for life. I still have an open-faced  Nokia 1100 Tracfone that I bought in 2006 and which still works perfectly. I got the LG because I liked the camera and the speaker phone features, plus it was on sale and has the double minutes.There is a folded red activation card that says Start Here! It gives 5 steps to follow for activation.  However, DO NOT do the steps without looking at the inside of the activation card.  You do not learn that there is more info inside until after you read step 4, and you need that inside info to do steps 1-3.  The inside tells you how to open the port covering the charging dock, which you will not know if you try to do the steps without looking inside.After charging the phone all night, I called Tracfone and gave the computer the serial number, and was told that phone would be activated in less than an hour.  However, it wasn't and when I called back, the computer gave me several codes that I had to enter in order to get the phone programmed.  I have no idea why that wasn't done ahead of time.  The computer then told me that the phone was now activated, but it wasn't.  I finally had to talk to a live person, who told me to turn the phone off and back on.  Once I did that, it was activated.I have been playing with the LG all day and it seems to work fine.  The sound is clear and everything seems to work the way it is supposed to.  However, the Services Guide is very incomplete and is almost useless.  I have been using trial and error to figure things out.The Services Guide does not mention the speaker phone at all.  It cannot be found on any of the menus.  To access it, you have to make a call or receive a call, then hit the options button, and scroll down to "speaker on" to turn it on.  Once you hang up, it is automatically turned off.  That is very handy, but it would have been very helpful to have been able to see it in the Services Guide.The camera seems to work all right and will probably be handy to have, but only time will tell on that.I could have transferred my old Nokia Tracfone minutes to this new LG when I activated it this morning, but I am going to keep the Nokia at least until I am sure that this LG is worth the money and I am sure that I can get used to it.  As I said, that old Nokia still works great even though it is a very basic cell phone with no bells and whistles like this LG has.So far, I consider the LG to be a good phone.  If you get one, watch out for the pitfalls that I mentioned above in getting it charged up and activated. Also, be aware that the Services Guide will not help much.  If you would like a pre-paid flip-phone with a camera and speakerphone and a color screen to look at, this might be a good buy for you.Update (11/7/2011): The phone did not change the time when we moved the clocks back an hour this weekend.  It was an hour ahead after the change. If that happens to you, just turn your phone off and then back on, and the time should be corrected.  I have been unable to find a manual way to change the time and this seems to be the only way to fix it.

I love this phone.  Besides all the other good things people say about it what I've noticed is it has the best graphics of any of the Tracfones I've had so far (my last was a W376G) with a 170X220 pixel screen.  Durable, small, fast charging, and really really good battery life.  Great reception but it does use the GSM (ATT) towers not the CDMA (Verizon) towers.  If your friends with ATT phones can't get a good signal (like in small towns or way off the interstates) your reception probably won't be good either.  If you need CDMA/Verizon coverage for your area the LG 220C is a really nice phone good for texting and limited web browsing but it doesn't have a camera.  You can transfer wallpapers, small file size animated GIF files, and ringtones from your computer to the LG 420G using bluetooth but I haven't found any way to do it via hard wire data connection.  Texting on this phone is easy and cheap, only .3 units to send an SMS text and 1.5 units to send/receive an MMS (picture or sound file).  Receiving texts on the phone are free (unless they fixed the software glitch) but you'll have to follow the directions below:Tip for receiving free text messages - When you receive a text message on your Tracfone LG 420G do not open the phone, instead hit the down volume button.  The message will be visible on the external screen.  Continue pushing the down button until it has opened all the pending messages and the time/date reappears on the external screen.  Now you have opened all the pending messages, pulled them onto your phone, and it doesn't deduct the .3 units per message.  After the time/date reappears on the external screen you can open the phone, go to messages and open them from there.  Since they've already been pulled onto the phone and opened you won't get charged to reopen them.  My phone was purchased around July 2010 so if yours doesn't work like this, giving you free messages, it means they must have found the software glitch and fixed it.

This phone does not seem to hold a charge, even when not in use.  Camera feature is basically useless.  Terrible reception,  you have to scream to be heard half of the time, or the sound breaks up the other half of the time. I've been using tracfone for over 10 years and this is by far the worst phone I've ever used with them, I've had 3.  Going back to get a different style.

Recieved the LG TracFone, It was very easy to set up and get ready..I don't know how it works yet, I did buy this for my 11 yr old daughter. Her first phone..We needed a phone for emergencies, after school rides etc. I am hoping she likes it, The phone feels and looks great...I would recommend this phone for any 1st time user.

Actually the phone is fine but the reception was lousy.  It kept dropping the signal.  I went with my old carrier and their minutes were the same cost but the reception is perfect.

When I bought this, it was my 2nd phone with Tracfone.  It worked well in my area, and I have since upgraded my phone to another LG phone (800g) that triples my purchased minutes, and has more features.  I would recommend it, but you should now be able to find it for less than $20 in a one of your local stores (VValM@rt, $-GeneraL, etc).

Consider I only use this phone in case of emergency, or if I am not home, this is ideal. I didn't need fancy. I also gotTracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutes, and with the double minutes, I got 800 minutes, which lasted me the year.

I wanted to replace my current phone and hoped this one would be better.  However the screen was smaller and it did not offer the games I had on the other one.,  Next time I will read further,.

Got this phone in black for such a great low price. It's a very stylish flip phone and very easy to use. It's has really great features as well. Tracfone is a wonderful service. It offers great coverage, savings, and high quality brand-name phones (like this one!). Two thumbs up for this product!

Great phone. When you receive a text, before opening the phone, hit the volume button and it will read the text for free! the battery is also very long-lasting... several days between charges. I have had mine for two years and bought this one for my dad who hates his current fancy new touch-screen phone.

A few years ago this would have been a GREAT phone  :)  And for 20 bucks including shipping and bonus time/gift card its hard to beat. My old Motorola C139, about the most minimal phone possible was failing. This one is a major improvement over that.. of course it won't hold a candle to my son's touchscreen, web-browsing, GPS-linked phone for over $50 a month, but what do you expect?I've been a Tracfone user for several years. For low-usage phone users getting reasonable cell phone service for about $8 a month is hard to beat. As your usage goes up, it becomes less cost effective, but I'd guess you have to be around 400 minutes a month before it becomes cost effective to use a standard carrier contract (not to mention the phone cost) This is true even though it is becoming pretty common for carriers to have $35/mo unlimited plans. I use about 30 minutes a month, so I find I am hard pressed to use even my minimal minutes. Tracfone's biggest problem is its customer service and interface.. they are painfully slow, but also normally gets the job done.. if you're not a patient person, I'd avoid them :D Otherwise, they fill an important niche in affordable phone service (see Tracfone comments below)It's hard to separate the Tracfone service from the phone itself, but I'll try to be clear.Strong Positives:*Flip-phone avoids the "pocket dialing" accidental numbers I had with my old "non-folding" or "bar" phone*I rank the battery VERY GOOD.. standby for MANY DAYS and about 7-10 days of my normal usage. Even while I am playing around with it a LOT trying to learn it and set up numbers, taking pictures, etc it lasts many hours. (Note: Leaving Bluetooth on drains the battery faster.)Of course over time the battery (like all of them) holds less and less charge, eventually becoming unusable, BUT this phone has a removable battery which my old phone didn't have. (see link below)*Bluetooth allows use of handsfree headsets and linking to your automobile interfaces if you have one (see battery note)*Two displays. Inside screen is not huge, but reasonable: bright, in color, and with decent resolution. A small outside display gives certain minimal info such as time and date, reception quality, phone settings, call & message status, etc without opening the phone.*Bluetooth connectivity allows transfer of messages, pictures, and contact lists to a bluetooth enabled computer (you may need something likeAZiO BTD211 USB Micro Bluetooth Adapter (Class 1, V2.1 + EDR)if you don't have bluetooth built into your pc) This avoids having to send them via "multimedia messaging" It even allows relatively sophisticated features like synching with your contacts, calendar functions, task and appointment lists, files, etc if you're into that kind of thing.*Removable battery allows one to buy a spare  so if you have limited access to charger/plugs just pop a charged one in when needed such as LG ce110 Battery - OEM Standard, Li-ION, 900mAh (LGIP-430A, SBPL0089901)*Free wide-spread overseas calling without extra charges.. even allows a few numbers to be set up as "quick dials" (Tracfone service)*Bluetooth transfers in theory allow getting ringtones, games, screensavers, etc online on your pc then moving to the phone... so far I've not found a site (other than rather obvious Phishing and Warez sites) that have these items. I am very reluctant to enter my phone number and allow charges direct to my phone due to security concernsPositives:*Talk and volume is decent and is easily turned up, down, or muted as circumstances demand*1.3 Mb Camera is relatively sophisticated with zoom (digital), multi-shot, time-delayed, even "night lighting" settings which is also pretty easy to use. It has simple photo tools like edit, transfer, send, etc. I rate it average to plus for cell-phones*Small and light, yet quite usable (under 4x2x0.75 inches and under 3 oz) with a clean, sleek exterior*Several common "modes" for airline, mute, off, vibrate, etc as conditions demand*Charging via "micro USB" looking interface (not a true USB port.. USB will neither connect nor charge this device) Just a note.. if this phone is OFF it seems to charge in about half the time vs when it is ON.*One-touch "speaker phone" (does requires hands on for that as opposed to bluetooth headset)*Average texting (incorrectly labeled as qwerty in the tech details above, but its the usual multi-press method of selecting letters, numbers and symbols) There is NOT a qwerty keyboard*Allows cute things like being able to attach individual pic's and ringtones to Contacts, groups etc*Has a browser which functionally I'd call about normal (I don't use it) It has the usual home, history, favorites, etc functions.. display and keyboard would both be marginal for browsing*Uses modern "folded internal" antenna.. I rank reception as average .. better than my old phone, as good as many of my acquantances, but not superior. Of course this will depend a LOT on your carrier and specific location (Tracfone doesn't own an antenna system but leases bandwidth from various carriers. Tf you are in a poor reception area with the phone constantly looking for a tower will drain the battery faster.)*Sturdy lanyard attachment to guard against loss or theft (no lanyard included.. you might look atBLACK Detachable Neckstrap/Lanyard. For Cell 'Phones/MP3/USB Flash Drives etc. SOLD INDIVIDUALLYorCanon Metal Neck Strap 1 for All Elph Cameras, 34" Lengthor this retractable one Tool or Key Retractor w/Slip Ring, 48" Retractor - Kevlar Cord w/ Carabiner, Key-Bak (1 Each))*Lighted Keyboard makes dialing, etc simple (the "Navigation/OK keys" are not lighted and have poor "touch"-see below)Weak Points:*The up/down/left/right/select ("Navigation/OK" keys) are ok, but lack "feel". Knowing you're hitting "OK" is difficult and leads to many "goofs" especially in the menus. This can be pretty annoying as the "OK" key is probably the single most important on the whole phone based on how the menus work.*It is hard to open on a call.. there is no place to get your finger under the flip. Gloves are probably near impossible*Does not have GPS built-in. This is a "nifty" feature, but not really that important to me.*Security guarding is awkward.. in fact I'm not sure I understand it totally.. among things poorly documented. I will have to call Tech Spt to find out. I HOPE it allows ANSWER "locked" phone without security codes, but to USE or to MODIFY ENTRIES to the phone WOULD require the code.. I'll get back with the result when I find out. (Touchscreen functions like MAGIC doing security signon... just a wave of the finger.. not on this phone of course)*Documentation leaves a lot to be desired. Total written documentation is a "quick start" guide, and a "service guide" mostly about buying and setting up time and minutes. Online support at tracfone.com does include a "Tutorial" for all phones including this one if you navigate through the site to get to it (under Service and may require an account to access it). Guided by "common sense" plus these helps, you can absorb what you need fairly easily, but for example the Security features (very important, IMO) are totally without documentation!*The Tracfone "Hassle factor" when you DO have a problem.. luckily day-to-day usage is rather routine*Allows PIN entries for two PIN's for use to buy or approve purchases online.. however until I learn about the security features, I'm very leary about putting anything of this sort into the phone.*No external antenna connection if that's important to youAll-in-all, I'd say this is a decent, servicable phone for routine use. I'd recommend it for anyone who doesn't need a true browser phone and doesn't need touchscreen operation (in my mind touchscreen marks the boundary of the next "leap up" in functionality.. GPS is a distant second) I think it rates a solid 4-stars with caveats, but certainly not 5-stars.Tracfone Service:They are extremely slow-responding and even misleading about their products and features. I will illustrate by example. When my old C139 was dying and no longer would charge, I called Tracfone in advance and asked if I could order the LG420G and transfer my service, minutes and time from my old phone. They said "sure, no problem" so I ordered this phone direct from Tracfone. I received it a few days later and proceeded to move the service over.. it was fraught with issues.. wrong transfer info (wanted to short me by about 20% of my time, etc). Making a short story of it, after almost an hour of Tech Support time, several phones calls, MANY MANY email exchanges, several attempts at using their "MyAccount" Tracfone web interface, and about 2 calendar weeks including a few days of no phone service.. (one phone SIM disabled, the other still not given the minutes and service time) they finally got it straight and even credited me a couple extra months of service time. I am an easy-going guy and the phone is not critical to me, but many people would have exploded over this kind of incident. Admittedly this was the only real problem I had had over a 3 year period, it does show how dealing with them over problems works. My reading of issues with them on the internet confirms that this is not an atypical situation when problems occur. I am still dealing with them over total absence of documentation on their "security features" I find them acceptable only because of their very low cost of service and the lack of alternatives that are viable. You will have to judge for yourself if you could deal with this.I cannot say that they are improving.. perhaps somewhat in "polite tech support", but not overall service. I base this on the fact that these Tracfone service issues have been true for a number of years and don't seem to be improving. This seems to just be facts of Tracfone service.On a plus note, when you aren't facing a problem, they are routine.. that's good.  Things like adding time and/or service time is very smooth and can be done on-line or via the phone.I will say they were very polite on all calls.. although I was not aggitated either, so that may have helped.There are many other nationwide "non-contract" services now available. I have no experience with them but based on what I read, they are neither better nor more effective nor cheaper than Tracfone.. So if you need limited, cheap cellphone service, pick your poison. I have read recently that these plans account for 25% of USA cellphones.. I was quite surprised by this. A web search for "no contract cell phones" or "pre-paid cell phones" will give you many possibilities. Good luck.

I just paired my Tracfone's LG 420g with my car's hands free BlueTooth system (2010 Nissan cube SL / SLP), and the car sees and uses the LG 420g's phone book! (My old Motorola W376g did not work). So now I can use the car's voice activated phone interface and say "call... name" to call a name listed in my LG420g's phone book. I did nothing special to make this work, just turned on the phone's bluetooth and did a simple pairing with the car. I have only done a few test calls, but so far it works great.

I've been with Tracfone for several years now, always using a new phone model when an older model dies, which seems to be 10-16 months.  This LG 420G has been my favorite so far in terms of aesthetics, use and function.  It's a basic phone with web access and camera, although I use neither.  Unlike the photo depicted here, mine is nearly all black.The nice thing about the LG420G is that for under $20 you get a carrying case and a car charger with this (along with the standard wall charger).  You also get "Double Minutes for Life," a benefit that for older models has been an extra charge.  The carrying case is a clip-on vinyl case that is attached to the belt loop.  One has to use careful force to turn the swivel from a vertical position to a horizontal position.  The fasterner is a flimsy magnet.  Twice now I've lost the phone while sitting down.  Luckily both times I found the phone stuck deep in the couch.  I now wear a brown hair band around the case to keep the handle from popping open and to provide added security.The phone itself is well-made.  I recently left it in my jeans pocket and it was submerged for about five minutes in hot water during a wash cycle.  When I realized the phone was in water, I immediately fished for it in the barrel, dried it out, removed the battery and placed it in indirect light.  A few hours later it was working again with no signs of water damage.  Whew! My Sprint phones were never this good.Activation is easy and fast.  I prefer to do mine over their website.One nice feature is having a voice recorder on this phone.  It's not high quality but it's great for leaving myself notes.  There's also the standard stop watch, calendar, quick dial settings, an alarm clock, notepad, "secret notes," calculator, world clock, stop watch.My one complaint about Tracfone is that whenever you buy a new phone and want to transfer your number, you have to call their customer service number and talk to some Indian guy with a heavy accent.  The last one who worked with me on transfering the number was downright rude.  It also took me three days to get my number activated from another phone that had died on me.  (On a previous number transfer it only took me a day.) Luckily I was able to get by with my other phone that I keep handy for these emergencies.I could have transferred my number on-line via the Tracfone website but the last two times I tried that I noticed that not all my minutes were going to transfer over.  I didn't want to lose 500+ minutes so I had to endure that rude guy from India.  Hopefully this phone will last me a year so that I don't have to keep calling India whenever a phone dies.  This long ordeal is my one complaint about Tracfone.Other than customer support being questionable at times, I do have to praise the company for offering budget plans for the frugal-minded.  I get by with under 200 minutes a month so my 60-minute cards (which are doubled, remember?) usually last me.  The 60-minute card, however, only gives you 30 days of service.  I can handle that for $12/month and not have to worry about an outrageous Sprint bill every month, an experience that turned me off to Sprint and on to Tracfone.  I can add minutes with a quick visit to the website, or I can buy time via my phone.  Because I have been a loyal customer for several years, I also get additional deals via email for reduced minutes, etc.For no additional fee I also have international access so I can chat with my brother who lives in Germany.I live in SE Arizona and have no problems with reception at home or in town.  Although Tracfone shares towers with Verizon, I don't always get service in remote areas, but that's OK with me.  There are only two things in life that require my immediate response and chatting with friends or co-workers is not one of them.Overall I am very pleased with Tracfone and their products.  I like this LG420G model as well.  I dinged the company a star for their unfriendly (at times) customer service.  But for anyone looking for a bargain, someone who doesn't chat much or who hates being tied down with an outrageous monthly cellphone bill, who's not much into texting, you may want to check out Tracfone.  You can check for local availability via their website.

I purchased this phone from the Tracfone website for 20 bucks with free Fed-Ex 3 day shipping, to replace my old, outdated  Motorola W260G. I like some of it's new features, however the phone has a glossy black finish, which makes it a finger print magnet, and VERY, VERY slippery. I dropped it twice before getting the battery installed and the phone fully charged. It's also hard to open, between the glossy finish, being so thin and having a poor design. I guess the fact that the phone still works after dropping it twice (so far) earns it an extra star. BE CAFEFUL when taking this phone out of "your phone case" (doesn't come with one) because it'll slip right out of your hands. The call quality seems OK, no complaints there. It's comparable to my Motorola Tracfone. I've used various Tracfone phones for many years, but I don't care for this model. Maybe I'm missing the big picture... sell phones that customers will drop/break/lose, and then sell them more phones!

I thought I liked this phone until I used the alarm and found out it messes up the software. After the alarm triggers the screen will not go out until you turn off the phone or take out the battery. The phone is light and cheap feeling so I am not going to complain about the price. I like clam shell phones but this LG is hard to open. Sometimes I need a butter knife to prey open the phone because the edges are too smooth. I could sent the phone back to LG to fix the software issue but they don't have a remedy and I do not want a refurbish phone. I came from the Motorola W370 phone which I have enjoyed but it was getting outdated. The LG does not have as great of signal strength as the Moto and it very hard to open when getting a call. I cannot open the LG like the Moto with one hand. The LG battery life is much better but if you use the alarm, the screen will drain the phone in a day. If you are planing to get this phone, you should wait. The software is buggy and the design of the phone is not functional. I always fumble trying to get it open and I have dropped it often because it gets oily and slippery.

Great phone, my son wanted it and he loves it.  Arrived on time and in great shape, will order more from this company!

The LG-420g is the is fabulous! Its my BFF! This phone is cute, durable,easy,sleek, & fun!I highly recommend you get this phone. I want to buy another for a back up.  I have not been able to find the LG420g for sale anywhere! If anyone knows where to get this phone please let me know. No other phone will do.

Radio Shack Staff helped to transfer contacts and to help setup along with email to Jambra Speaker phone Staff I was able to use  this phone in conjunction with Jambra Speaker phone. We got it all together working as I had wanted it to. Me being 80 it took some younger people in my family to help me get this set up.

I love this style of phone.  It serves my calling and texting needs.  It may be old fashion but I love mine.

I have the TRACFONE model. Upgraded ( and I use the word loosly) from a Nokia that was 4 yrs old only because I wanted a clamshell design that was lighter and slimmer in design and one that had texting and internet access capability.There is absolutely NO MANUAL that comes with this thing. Good luck trying to figure out how to use the product or where to find things. They do include a "quick start" manual, but it doesn't go through any of the actual programs or how to do much of anything other than turn on the phone. And before you suggest it....... No, there isn't any complete/detailed ONLINE MANUAL you can download either. I've checked and Googled until the cows come home.My OLD Nokia would get 2 bars or reception at my home ( live in a rural area)......this one I get a "no service" on the  display 80% of the time. Review said it came with 64 ringtones.  You get 16 SOUNDS to pick from and they are all LAME. My Nokia had 2x as many  Sending a text is a pain and takes forever. Good luck finding a speakerphone option. I'm Not sure it even has one.This phone is NOT USER FRIENDLY AND OLDER PEOPLE WOULD FIND IT IMPOSSIBLE TO USE ON A DAILY BASIS. WAY TOO COMPLICATED ESPECIALLY WITHOUT A COMPREHENSIVE INSTRUCTION MANUAL.  But since I only have it for emergencies and make maybe 10 calls a year on it........ it will do for now.

The LG 420G is a good phone for the price. I would choose it again. And considering the price, it wouldn't be a big deal to pick a different phone next year if I change my mind about it.PROS- Good sound quality. Clear reception.- Keys have a nice feel to them.- The small lightweight design fits comfortably in a guy's front pants pocket. (If you are a guy like me who likes to travel light in the pockets, you probably won't even know this phone is there.)- Easy to activate and transfer an existing mobile number from another carrier using the tracfone website.- Voice recorder is a nice feature for capturing short notes when you don't have a pen and paper handy.- Configuring it is relatively easy as electronic gadgets go.- LCD display is clear and easy to read. SW feature navigation menus are attractive (fonts and colors) and relatively easy to learn.- Ringer is easy to silence.CONS- The shiny black finish is pretty, but smudges easily. (OTH, a few minutes in your pocket will clean it.)- The printed "service guide" that comes with the 420G does not even attempt to cover all the phones features and options. However additional instructions are easy to find on the web. (OTH, if you are one those mobile-phone-savvy people who tosses mobile phone docs in a drawer and just figures it out on the fly, you'll do fine.)

While I have The LG800G cellphone I didn't feel safe always bringing it to my work since I load heavy items from a warehouse and carrying a touchphone where it could fall and break didn't feel me with happiness,  now with this phone while I'm still careful with it at work I don't feel the need as much to keep checking to see if it's safe as much as my other phone.  The other big plus is like the LG800G this one gives you double minutes for the life of the phone which is very affordable for us watching the wallet balance,  if you're one of those groupies though who needs the newest apps and touch sensitivity of an android phone and the like then obviously this one isn't for you.  If though you like myself just use the cellphone as a way to contact or call someone easily then yes this phone is very much one to buy,  if you bought a Tracfone before or any prepaid then you pretty much know the way it works,  the other big plus I give it is that unlike the Nokia 2720 cellphone this one has a very responsive numeric keypad that feels nice and has no problem working as you type in the numbers you need unlike the Nokia where with that one you pretty much had to smash with your fingers on the 3/6/9 keys as they just seem to not work or work very poorly.

I have had this phone for almost 1 year now. It is one of the worst phones I have ever purchased. My main use for a phone is its alarm feature, and this phone can not even do that right.When you set the alarm, the alarm will go off, and you can turn the alarm off, but once you turn the alarm off and close your phone back up, the screen will still be bright and will never go off. It can take you a while to notice this(especially if you go back to sleep) and then the battery will be dead in just a few hours. I have to charge the battery almost daily, and I rarely make phone calls or texts.I live in a basement and I can not send or recieve texts or phone calls. I have to leave my phone upstairs and often I can not hear it ring so I almost always miss my calls when I am at home.Also, this phone does not have a vibrating feature by itself. The way to adjust the volume on the phone is also very annoying, as the ringtone sets off whenever you change the volume.This phone is better off used as a paperweight than as an actual phone.

I purchased this phone after my old Tracfone (a w376g) quit in the water. That phone was durable, and lasted me 18 months with no problems. I bought this phone in hopes it would be a good replacement. I do not like it as much as my old phone.For starters, the entire outside case is shiny and attracts fingerprints. This is bad because it will cause the phone to become quite ugly unless it is polished after every use (even just picking it up), and will be more prone to scratches and breaking. Also, the exterior buttons on the side of the phone are very easy to press accidentally, which will mess up your current volume setting. In addition, the phone is very slim with a low profile. While you would think this would be good, it is bad on a flip phone, it makes it hard to pick up phone and hold it (especially without pressing the side buttons).Also, this phone can not receive or carry out calls when it is low on battery. My old Tracfone would work until the phone went dead. This phone, however, will not work when it is on low battery. I kept getting disconnected from my calls when it had low battery.To summarize, this phone has many negative features when compared to my older Tracfone. While some people might like these additions (or subtractions as I think of them), they were just a nuisance for me. I am considering buying my old phone again if I can find one in new condition.

Bought this LG420G flip phone for about $10 over two years ago, activated it. and it has never stopped working or given me any problems.Added two 1000 minute/one year cards and never looked back.Pros:*Works everywhere!*Phone kept working even after I dropped it several times.*Small so its comfortable in my pocket.*Doesn't do much but it does everything it is supposed to very well.*Battery gives about 4 to 5 hours of talk time.*Bluetooth works with ear piece and car really well.*Cost is comparable with other competitors.*This is my backup phone for when (not if) my other phones stop working.Cons:*It is not a smart phone, so web surfing is a joke.  Sent ringtones to phone from web site.*Most support apps are very rudimentary. Avoid those.*Hard to flip open if you have big fingers and short nails.It you just want to make calls, great reliability, and don't mind charging it every night this phone works very well.

I bought the LG420 about two years ago and I liked it so much I bought another one as a backup.  It's been a good phone, it's easy to read and has a simple display.  It doesn't waste a lot of display space.  On my LG420 I can see 7 lines on my contact list, on other Tracfones I can only see 2 or 3 lines.  The rest of the display space is used to make the display look fancy.  Anyway I recommend it if you don't need an iPhone type of phone.

I've been using the 'pay as you go' TracFone service now for many years, having gone through Nokia and Motorola phones with them. The LG420G is easily the best one i've had, performance and feature wise. This phone is quite amazing for the price! Calls and audio quality with the LG sound very clear both transmitted and received. Unlike some reviewers here, I absolutely love the classy and expensive looking lacquered piano black finish and size of this phone as well, and it does not slip from my pockets or hand. Speakerphone is very easy to choose as well (simply press the select key after your party answers), and sounds clear. I always use speakerphone because I am not convinced that the RF radiation all cell phones emit is safe long-term. By using speakerphone and holding the phone at least a few inches from your head, you are insuring that much less radiation enters your head/brain.

Item works nicely.  Shipping was in a timely manner.  Minutes double comes in handy.  I would recommend this phone to anyone that desire a phone with all the features and works great!

I purchased this phone at Walmart after my previous tracfone starting acting up (it was very old).  I was very surprised how much I like this phone ($14.99).  The reception is much better than my old phone, and it has nice features for the price.  If you are looking for a basic phone with a few features I would say this phone is for you.  Again, no dropped calls, nice size (very small) and the flip style has always been my preference. Transferring my phone number and minutes over to this new phone could not have been easier (just do it on the tracfone website and it takes less than 5 minutes).  I'd say "Go for it".  Enjoy.

This LG420G turned out to be exactly what I was looking for in a cell phone.  I have no need or desire for a Smart Phone.  Also I specifically did not want a cell phone with GPS.  I came upon the LG420G first on the Tracfone web site but the price was somewhat higher.  I looked on Amazon and found a private seller who had this phone in a retail package with double minutes for life.  It is a Tracfone enabled phone.  I paid a very reasonable price for the LG420G and found that it is easy to use, simple, and has a lot of features that I enjoy.  The camera that is built in is quite good for casual photos, there is no flash however.  i have not found that to be a problem.  One thing I like very much is that the key pad is backlighted and has big letters on it.  I have used this phone a number of times to send emails and that works quite well.  It can do BluTooth also but at the moment I don't have the BT adapter.  I would recommend this phone for people who want to have a simple and very useful "clamshell" type cell phone.  It is well made, works well and is easy to carry.  it will fit in a watch pocket on men's jeans which is quite handy for me.  And the battery lasts a long time between charging.  A very good value.

For the amount of cell phone use I do this was perfect. No monthly bills,  and it serves my purpose very well.

I've had this phone for three years and really like it.  I pretty much just use it for calling and texting, although I have used the internet with it a few times.  It's really not a very good phone for getting online, but I was able to check my Yahoo e-mail and Google something with it.  I tried going to other websites, but it said there wasn't enough memory to do that, and the screen is too small to see much anyway.  Texting and calling work great, and there's room for plenty of contacts.  I was able to make my own ringtones on a website and e-mail them as a media text to my phone, and that worked well once I learned how to do it.  The sound quality for talking and ringtones is good.  It only has 9.8 MB of space on it, so there's really not room for much more than some texts and a few ringtones on it.  There's also no headphone jack, although you can get an earbud hands-free kit for it.  I don't like the fact that I can't assign ringtones to specific contacts--you can only set one ringtone for all calls.  But it's a nice, inexpensive phone for talking and texting, and I've been pretty happy with it.

Bought this at Walmart.  Good price. Extra minutes and time for contract.  But I can hardly hear it ring even on the highest volume set. I tell it I want the light to stay on for the maximum time. It goes out within 2 seconds even when I'm trying to make an outgoing call. The "touch" aspect doesn't work well at all. Finding what you want is a pain.  All around this phone is a piece of junk.

My wife and I have been using the LG420 flip phones, from Tracfone, for a couple of years now. We have not really had any problems, but we also do not use them like crazy, like some people use cell phones. We like the phone, which is small to carry around comfortably. We like the price, better than any other prepaid phone that we know of. We buy the 1-year 400 minute card, which doubles to 800 minutes. Plus the minutes roll-over from the previous year! With our following pre-paid cards, we have now well over 1,000 minutes on each phone. Also, we purchased the phones at Wal-Mart for about $15, with wall and car chargers and belt clip included. Not sure if it comes with those accessories here.For text messages, we noted that our e-mail address for our phones is AT&T.; And since this is a GSM phone, I suspect that this runs on AT&T;'s network.Also, to note: Ok camera on phone. Voice mail seems to work fine. We also ported over our old Verizon cell phone numbers to them. Worked great!Overall, great deal! I recommend this phone and plan.

I am 71 and this is my first cell phone.  I bought it to work with my Bluetooth hearing aids.  I am profoundly hearing impaired and now I finally can use a phone again.  With my $6,000 Bluetooth head set the audio is very good.  With nothing to compare it to the range seems to be good.  This display is readable out doors.  It is small and fits in my pocket so it is convenient to take it hiking.  The only minor complaint is that I must turn my hearing aid off and back on to pair with the phone.  My Panasonic land line phone pairs automatically.I was ready for the off shore support to activate the phone and transfer minutes from another phone.  Support was typical of what I expected and the deed was done without too much fuss.  I could not understand one word the support person said.  My wife took over and finished the transaction.  My wife said her voice is typical for a XXXXXXXXX.  My cost was $9.00.

Nice phone, came with a book of instructions, great reception and many features. My first Tracphone and it is great. I would recommend to all.

this phone doesn't seem to have any power to make contact.  I would say that about 7 times out of 10 when I need to make a call, the message "service unavailable, emergency calls only" pops up.  I use TracFone and I can be standing right next to someone else with a different phone which also uses the TracFone network, and they don't have any trouble at all.

This cell phone is terrible in every regard.First off, its antennae is terrible.  I have not experienced such terrible reception with any cell phone before like this one.  The phone I needed to replace never had anything less than the full 4 bars where I live, and never any reception problems.  I am lucky if I can obtain service 60% of the time with the LG420G.  Not only at my home, but wherever I travel the reception is horrible.  My previous phone, the LG220CM and this LG420G both use the Verizon network.  With the 220, I knew of only one deadspot.  With the LG420, I know of dozens, and entire lengths of road and some towns where I have no reception.  Even when sending a text message, you can have two bars while writing it, then loose reception while its sending.The phone will not auto-send failed messages.  The user must cancel the message manually, then manually resend it.The menu navigation buttons seems more appropriate for a $10 phone.  There is NO tactile recognition of where your thumb is, and not even a backlight over the up/down/left/right buttons.  In the dark, you are guessing what button you will press.  There is no bump or raised enter button, or anything to help your finger know where it is.  Its pathetic.Text messaging is terrible.  For instance, when entering a "1", the user must tap the "1" button 7 (seven) times.  It does not enter the number one, as every other button will enter its number on the 4th or 5th press.  There is no way to turn off the special characters, at least that I can tell.  So if you miss a letter, you are not cycling through 4-5 characters, you cycle through 6-9 characters.The calendar display is a joke.  There is no way to start the day of the week to be a Sunday.  It is permanently set on a Monday.The camera is also bad.  To do a simple zoom, you have to click through some buttons, then dclick again for zooming, if you go to change a setting and need to change your zoom again, you have to repeat the process.  Competent camera-phones just use the volume buttons for zooming, not this piece of garbage.I am shocked that this is an LG phone.  I used to equate quality with LG.  Not anymore.EDIT:  You can get teh calendar to start on a Sunday instead of its default Monday - but NOT from the calendar application, you have to go to a separate menu item.Now, as messages are stored on my phone, I usually do not get any icon displays for new messages.  And when I flip open the phone, an alert is no longer displays (60% of the time) that I have a new message.

This phone did not come with nearly enough instructions, but I finally found some good ones. Just go to [...] and type in lg420g speakerphone and follow the tutorials.

I bought this phone to replace my 6yr old Nokia that no longer accepted updates from Trac Fone. For $19.95, I received the phone, double minutes for life and an universal accessory pack. I liked the price for this flip phone. I like the flip phone; my nokia often dialed while in my purse because it was pressed on by other items. No problems with that with this phone. The black phone does catch fingerprints easily, but that is the only con I've seen. I've owned my phone for six months now and found it to be reliable and easy to operate once you poke around with it awhile and see what it can do. The camera takes great color photos. It does have BlueTooth, speaker phone and redial. My husband liked this phone so much that we bought one for him to replace his Nokia that still works. He wanted a phone with a camera and this fit the bill. There aren't many games on it, but it does have an address book, calendar, stop watch, note pad, secret notes section, currency converter, world time clock and more. The alarm clock is great and I use it often.I have no problems recommending this phone. WE love the double minutes for life feature Trac Fone added to it. That alone is a great benefit for those who need it and nice to have just in case for those that don't.

Bought this non contract cell phone.  Not worth the $$.  A LOT of roaming calls, No Service a lot of times, A LOT OF DROPPED CALLS even when not moving.Just added minutes this month and NEVER GOT MY BONUS MINUTES. Tracfone texted me and said call 1-800-867-7183 to complete the transaction. They won't give me my 50 bonus min, what a rip off. Horrible customer service, try to get a rep that you can understand or who can understand what you are talking about.Very hard company to work with.  Not worth the HASSLES!  Worst Cell Phone and plan out there.Buy at your own risk.  I will never buy or deal with Tracfone or Verizon AGAIN, Very Hard to deal with.I guess I will try US Cellular, they say they are better without any DROPPED CALLS OR NO SERVICE.

I purchased this phone to replace an older Tracfone.  At first, I was thrilled with the price and features, which were significantly better than what I was used to.  I got a little USB bluetooth device and threw my own custom ringtones and pictures on the phone, and thought that everything would be great.  Sadly, I was wrong.The phone refuses to acknowledge the ringtone settings I've given it.  Sometimes it'll vibrate, sometimes it won't.  When it plays my ringtones for text messages, it will usually play them at a very low volume, when I have both the phone's volume as well as the ringtone settings volume maxed out for both text and calls.  Fortunately, my ringtone settings for calls will work, but it won't vibrate, and if I'm in the car blasting music, which I'm prone to do, I might not hear the phone ringing.Sometimes the backlight on the smaller screen on the back of the cover (I'm not sure if there's a name for that screen; there probably is, and I don't know it) will refuse to go off, and the battery will go from being half charged to dead in a matter of an hour or so.  This is really frustrating because if it's in my pocket, I can't tell that it's going to die, and if I'm expecting a call, or if someone is trying to get in touch with me, I'm out of luck.On the bright side, however, the bluetooth capability is great, the camera is decent, and it does everything a basic cell phone should do (minus, of course, ringing properly) well.

Though this is a great phone in terms of simplicity and size/sleekness, I say the camera is useless in that, short of paying to text each photo individually to someone else (who can then download them to PC, which is what I'm having to do), there is no other way to get the nifty pictures you have taken off of this model of LG, i.e. Tracfone has made sure that you are blocked from transferring photos through either the Bluetooth connection or a data cable.  (From scanning many online entries on this subject posted over time, it seems that the phone did once have such transfer capacity.  Guess Tracfone needed to make some extra profits, i.e. in people needing to upgrade once they realize this deficiency which is completely obscured in the ads.)

I had order a new phone.I received the phone that was opened. It did not have a SIM CARD with the phone so it did not work. I had Tracfone to send me one. They had to send me another SIM card for the phone still wasn't working right.

I'm a recent customer of Tracfone and I've been quite impressed so far.  I bought a couple of LG420G phones from them directly from their website, activated them online and added the Family Value Plan and Buy Now plan to buy additional airtime from the phone. They also came with double minutes and the accessory kit for about $20 for each phone.  As the Family Value Plan renews automatically on a monthly basis they add the minutes and automatically double them for the life of the phone.I also ported over two phone numbers from a major carrier.  I did this via the Tracfone website and it all went quite smoothly.  Both numbers were ported and both my phones were active in about 24 hours.The only problem I've had is voice mail did not work.  I created an online ticket via their website. They responded online and then called my landline to help set the phones up for voice mail. For some reason when the accounts were created/ported a voice mail account was not created.The person that called me today was very pleasant, easy to understand and very professional.I've been amazed. I've read some negative reviews about Tracfone various places, but I have been quite impressed.I do not use that many minutes a month anymore.  My contract phone which worked very well was costing me about $90/month for two phones on the family plan and one phone with a built-in navigator.  Now, I pay about $17/mo for two phones via Tracfone.  I'll use a separate GPS unit for navigation.I also like the LG420G.  I've had no problems with it to date.  All I wanted was a cost effective phone carrier and a phone that worked well.  I wasn't looking for a fancy phone, just something that worked well and did its job as a phone.In summary, I'm pleased and surprised, and I was also quite impressed with the service rep. that contacted me today to get my voice mail working.  And I'm paying a fraction of the cost I used to for two phones.

I've had this phone for about a month now and can't find any fault with it. The Bluetooth works fine with it for hands free operation in the car. It just does everything I need it to do.  The "software glitch" as described previously still HAS NOT been fixed, so receiving text messages are still free.

Good phone for the price. Texting is hard due to the lack of a qwerty keyboard but I knew that going in. Certainly better than a contract plan with all sorts of hidden costs. I have used Tracfones for over 10 years now and love having no bills. I buy a phone with double minutes for life and then a 1 year, 400 minute card and that takes care of me for a long time.

Purchased this mobile device for my mother who is in her 70s.  She was not able to use other phones that so called catered to the elderly but she has no problems using this phone.  So easy for her to make a call.  She gets great signal and I can hear her loud and clear.  The phone looks sleek and modern.  I had an issue with the charger which was making a hissing sound when plugging it to the wall.  Called tracfone and they mailed me another charger.  Very satisfied with this purchase and may purchase another for myself!

I LOVE IT NEEDED IT WANTED IT WORKS WELL I LIKE IT HAS EVERYTHING I WANT IN A CELL PHONE.

I had bought this for a friend. He has the same phone and has has it for 5 years our better. Works great. Its not a smartphone. But if you just need a simple phone. This is what you need.

When they say new and you see the package picture, you expect a sealed unit...This was sliced open...I only activated it because I needed quick phone service ...

Well, bought this phone online last week from TracFone's website and received it last Thursday. Activated it at work on land base phone. Bought a 1 Year Card the next day at Wally World and entered it using my new LG 420G, along with 200 bonus minutes promotion code and it loaded without a hitch (400 + 600 bonus minutes for 428 days). Have been getting excellent reception and voice quality is also very good. No complaints so far. Sorry I have no opinions on special features because I only use it for voice calls on an infrequent basis. Obviously, if you are a cellphone freak, TracFone is not for you. Is perfect for me.

Does what I need it to do.  I actually lost the same model and bought this one to replace it.  It's small and light enough that I can put it in the rear pocket of my running shorts and run with it.  My plantronics M50 bluetooth works great with it.Cons:- Cumbersome to enter contacts.- Size of screen makes it very difficult to use the Internet.  But, I don't need it for that

I recently purchased this phone after going through numerous prepaid cell phones.  I previously had the LG touchscreen Go Phone(which I purchased off Amazon).  Not only were the daily charges bad, but I kept receiving text messages that ate not only my $50 airtime credit, but two other $15 airtime cards.  So, I wanted to try a different cell phone.  And, I'm sure glad I did.Tracfone is without a doubt the cheapest cell phone service availible to prepaid users like myself.  I had it previously, but during that time, they had no ringtones, free double minutes for life, or extended 90 days of service with each airtime card.  Those are features you just don't get from other prepaid providers.  The phone itself was $15, which is great for someone on a budget like me.  I also bought a 60 minute airtime card for $20, so between the two I only spent $35.  That is an unbelievable bargain, but it gets better.  Activation on the Tracfone website was simple to use, and after adding the airtime card, it gave me 150 service days with 140 minutes.  Compsred to the Go Phone I had, that is a much better deal.  Go Phone only gives you 30 days of service with each card.  With Tracfone, your service days extend with each airtime card you add.  So, one could easily get close to a year of service after activation and a few months of airtime cards(each airtime card adds 90 days to your service days).The LG 420 is a great phone as well.  It comes with all the standard features you'd expect.  It even has a camera(which most $15 phones don't).  Reception on it is phenominal.  So, if you are looking for a cheap(but great)prepaid cell phone this is definately it.  Tracfone, in my opinion, cannot be beat for the price.  Less hassle and more quality...

I prurchased this Tracfone from the Tracfone web site after evaluating the phones they were willing to sell in my zipcode. Good price, nice features, nice key pad. I made the mistake of calling to activate it instead of doing the activation online. They gave me a number that every tele-marketer on the planet must have. Three numbers, two simm cards, and 8+ hours of tracfone tech support later, they finally took the phone back. What a hassle. The Motorola c261 Tracfone that I've been carrying the last tree years has been flawless. My biggest complaint with the LG420G is the reception reception reception. No service in my house located in southeastern PA where coverage is great with any provider. After doing a lot of research I learned that LG and Samsung have the worst reception of any cell phone. Motorola and Nokia are the best. So, I purchased a Motorola W376g elsewhere which is one that Tracfone would not sell me in my zip code, received it, activated it online in only a few minutes, DONE, 5 bars where ever I go. LG should stick to major appliances since they know what the are doing there. Cell phones, HELL NO! GO MOTOROLA!

This model phone is a very basic cell phone that works as it should. And because it is a flip phone, it does not pocket dial unexpectedly.  Seems to have great range and TracFone has provided good service.
