
If you need a simple phone for talking and texting, this id the phone for you! It also takes decent pictures. When my first Nokia C3 finally died, I went on a search for another one because I loved it so much. You can't find better battery life. It's simple to use. I don't need all of the fancy stuff, so it's perfect for me. Very user friendly!

When you first pick up the Nokia C3, you can think that you have a modern looking full QWERTY Blackberry. It is a cool looking phone, with a very easy to use keyboard.Its light weight, so it dosent feel heavy in your pocked, has great battery life. The sound clarity is good, as is the camera. Its not a high end camera phone, but its pictures are just as clear as my old 8900.It dosent compare with the high end smart phones like the new Blackberries or HTC androids, but for the $160 range that its in, it certainly gives you that expensive look, and is a great email/messaging device.

I traveled Europe for R&R; while I was stationed in Afghanistan with the US Army. I wanted a decent, yet inexpensive phone that would enable me to purchase cheap pay-as-you-go SIM cards for every country I visited. This phone fit the bill perfectly. I used it in several Asian, and European countries with no trouble. I also downloaded Nokia's PC suite, which allowed my phone to fully sync with Microsoft Outlook 2007. It is very Facebook, Twitter, MS Chat, and E-mail friendly, and it has a full QWERTY keyboard. and it even offers Wi-Fi capabilities so that you can take advantage of hotspots! Oh I also neglected to mention that there are lots of apps available for the phone as well. For instance, when I was in London, I downloaded an interactive map of London's Tube system. When I get home This phone is going in my travel drawer right next to my adapter plugs and my passport. It's great!I do have one complaint. The browser is a little hard to use, but I suppose that's because at this point I'm used to touch screens.

THIS PHONE IS VERY GOOD QUALITY FOR THE PRICE. MOST OF THE BIG COMPANYS AND PLANS ARE NO LONGER FEATURING NOKIA PRODUCTS. GREAT! WE THE CONSUMER ARE THE BENEFACTORS. NOKIA NEEDS TO GET PRODUCT IN THE HANDS OF CONSUMERS AS THEY HAVE MAJOR MANUFACTURING CAPACITY AND IF THE LARGE COMPANYS NO LONGER OFFER THEIR PRODUCT WHY NOT THE "UNLOCKED MARKET". THEY SEEM TO BE TARGETING THAT CONSUMER AND I`M HAPPY FOR THAT AND WILL PURCHASE MORE OF THEIR PRODUCT AS THE "FIT AND FINISH" IS FIRST RATE AND THE PRODUCT PERFORMS AS PRESENTED. SO FAR SO GOOD.

My old flip phone was behaving strangely, so I needed an upgrade.  But I was not looking to sign up for a new two year contract with AT&T.  I am retired and stay at home most of the time...the cell phone is not used that much...as a matter of fact, I have 5000 unused rollover minutes at the present.  I would not make much use of a smartphone, and I certainly didn't want the extra cost that AT&T charges for the their data and messaging plans.  But I did want to be able to send text messages to the kids if necessary and the old phone did not have a qwerty keyboard and as an old man, I couldn't negotiate the old style keyboard very well.  So I was looking for an unlocked Phone that would work on the AT&T network and that had a qwerty keyboard.  The Nokia C3 fit my needs perfectly.  And so far, it seems to be of excellent quality...I have always had good results with Nokia and this one is no exception.  The voice quality is great. I did have to go through a learning process, but I have almost mastered the basic needs that I have.  I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for something short of a smartphone.

I got this phone primarily for the battery life and ruggedness that Nokia brings to the table. I am happy to say I've achieved my primary goals. Its a gorgeous looking phone. The Qwerty keypad is nice. The screen is beautiful.If you're looking for a phone to help with social networking or heavy surfing, this is not the right phone for you. This one is the standard text-call-email phone.I'd recommend this phone to my friends.

It's #1 feature in my opinion is battery life.  I have left the phone on with bluetooth connectivity on and it has been 5 1/2 days on one charge with light phone and internet, I am down to one green bar on the battery but the thing still hasn't given me a low battery warning.  Battery life is awesome.I use t-mobile and since I have wifi at home and work I don't need a data plan.  I do have the $1.99 per MB of data service on my plan and if you have that then the phone will use tiny amounts of data to give you email alerts.  After 5 days of being always on it has used 0.2 MB so I am looking at $2 or $4 a month for email alerts.The operating system is very primitive but the calendar (that syncs with outlook, but a USB cable is required, no wifi sync) and email (I use multiple accounts with gmail no problem) are both good.  I got an 8 gb memory card so I could use it as an mp3 player.  The thing in the middle looks like a track pad in the picture but it's just an up/down/left/right switch.  There is no gps and really no useful apps to download for it.  It does let you check facebook alerts easily if you are in to that but I used the space to always display the current date.If you want a phone with incredibly awesome battery life that lets you check your email, carry your schedule, and doesn't lock you in to an expensive plan for two years then this is the phone to get.

this phone has what they call a "POWERSAVER" feature.while is ok to save battery life the phone goes dark every 9 seconds no matter what your doing on it. I've called Nokia & it has NO option to disable it. surfing the web reading online you have to push any button over and over and over to keep in from going dark. What a pain in the ass.you have NO idea how much this sucks until you start using it.this completely takes away from everything that's good about this phone. don't waste your $$ buy a blackberry 9780 or newer

The keypad works great. Features aren't bad. Has cool backgrounds and some okay ringtones. However, I am discovering with unlocked phones there are things you cannot do since it seems that data usage is totally disabled on these phones, however that is not specific to this phone but to some unlocked phones in general, such as sending pictures in text messages. This so far seems to be a good, reliable phone with good battery life. I recommend getting the jelly case in case the phone is dropped,Amzer Silicone Skin Jelly Case for Nokia C3 - Black, for pretty cheap the phone is protected against hard floors and other disasters.

Months later, I ask myself, why did I pick this phone and get so wrapped in figuring out how to tweak it until it finally worked like I want?  I guess I just like solving puzzles and taking things apart.Initially, I was mainly looking for a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard, not a touchscreen keyboard, which I hate, that could do Wifi without requiring a data plan with my cellphone carrier (AT&T;).  So many of the full keyboard cellphones nowadays have Wifi, but will not allow you to do Wifi without also having a data subscription.The C3-00 fulfills these requirements.  The biggest downside to this phone is that Nokia has pretty much abandoned all further support for this phone and its old Symbian operating system.  That means no easy way to get the apps you need to do simple things like blocking certain incoming phone numbers.However, because this is a simple, basic, and slightly smart phone (think of it as a C-minus level smartphone), that has been out for some time, the phone is relatively cheap to buy and use, and numerous tweaks are out there posted on the internet that allow you to tweak it.  If you do want a data plan through AT&T; for example, this costs only $10 a month, as the phone uses the older slower GPRS/EDGE  data network.The phone also takes up to a 16Gb micro-SDHC chip to play your music  and store your photos for the 2MB camera (you need the latest firmware, earlier firmware versions only supported 8GB).  It will play MP4s by the way (my son figured this part out).Having said all that, the next thing that has to be said is:  BUYER BEWARE!  There are several DIFFERENT versions of this phone!  I have purchased around 10 of these phones now (one has failed).  Here are the versions I have encountered and what can or needs to  be done to fix them:1.  Regular American/Western standard English QWERTY keyboard.  May come locked or unlocked.  Found on Ebay, AliExpress, etc.  Firmware level highly variable from the  6.-- series on up to 8.70.  RM614  8.71 is the last Nokia firmware update, but there is no American or European version.  The closest you get is the English language Australian/New Zealand/Singapore English QWERTY firmware which works fine.  If you are lucky, you will get one of these with this 8.71 firmware.  Depending on the firmware  level, this type of phone is the closest you can get to having a ready-to-go phone that needs minimal programming/hacking to work properly.2. English QWERTY keyboard with (usually) 8.71 international firmware of unknown type with  non-English characters (Cyrillic?)  for certain of the uppercase keyboard buttons which do NOT correspond to what is on the keyboard.  These phones need to be re-flashed with the English QWERTY 8.71 firmware (see above) to work properly.3. Partial QWERTY keyboard with (usually) 8.71 international firmware of unknown type.  The uppercase keyboard buttons for certain buttons are blank.  These uppercase buttons will generate the same set of non-English characters as type #2.  These phones need re-flashing of the firmware and a replacement full-set English QWERTY keyboard.  As of this writing, these keyboards can be found on Ebay and elsewhere, and there is a Youtube video that shows you how to take your phone apart to replace the keyboard (need a T4 or T5 Torx screwdriver)4. Cyrillic version QWERTY keyboard with same 8.71 international firmware.  Same fixes needed as type #3.5.  AT&T; Go-phone.  These have a dark blue body and silver keyboard.  Comes with 3.63 firmware WITHOUT WIFI!!!  These were sold really cheap for a time by Walmart, and are now often found on Ebay and elsewhere.  Re-flashing the firmware to 8.70, 8.71, whatever, will place a Wifi soft key on this phone, and allow it to seek out and identify nearby Wifi hotspots.  This indicates that these phones do indeed still have the Wifi chip in them.  However, the MAC addresses of these Go-phones have been wiped out and set to ZERO, meaning that the cellphone WILL NOT CONNECT EVER TO ANY WIFI SOURCES!!!  So far, I have not discovered any hacked software out there that will allow you to reflash a MAC address onto the Wifi chip on this cellphone.  So these AT&T; Go-phones have very effectively had their Wifi permanently castrated by Nokia, most likely at the behest of AT&T;, to force users to use an AT&T; data plan.In regards to re-flashing the firmware:1.  Get the cracked Phoenix Software.  Need a good quality micro USB cable to connect to your PC computer.  See Commentary section below for websites where you can download this software and instructions for how to use it.  The original genuine version required a dongle, so you need the cracked version(s).  Phoenix WILL NOT WORK on 64-bit Windows 7!!  It will work on 32-bit Windows XP and Windows 7.  For those of you righteous legal purists, know that Phoenix Software is a now defunct software no longer being sold or supported, and so the cracked version is not defrauding anybody of their rightful profits.2.  Some sites still tell you to download the Navifirm software to get the latest firmware from Nokia.  Well, Nokia shut down their website for the Navifirm software in early-mid 2013, so forget about using Navifirm.  See Commentary section below for best websites currently to get the last firmware version 8.71.Other reviews have already discussed how to get the phone set up properly to send MMS Multimedia text messages.  Go to the Commentary section below for a full update on the details.  One KEY FACT not mentioned by other reviewers so far is that you need to ALSO change the IMEI number with your cellphone carrier in order to get the Multimedia text messaging to work.Also in the Commentary section is a website description of how to get the Wifi to work.Onwards, to the Commentary section ...

excellent phone. very good in terms of its construction, in terms of SO disappointed, the camera somewhat slow, but as for the services of the seller's all very well, I have no complaints. I highly recommend

PHONE HAS DISABLED WLAN FEATURE. IT IS AN AT&T PHONE WITH DISABLED WLAN FEATURE SO IF YOU PLAN ON USING WIRELESS FEATURE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DO SO.

This cellphone is really amazing if you compare price with functionality, size, screen, apps and interface. Excellent choice if you're looking for something cheap and close to a smartphone.

I recently received two of these cell phones from Amazon and I must say I am quite impressed. They came unlocked and their appearance and quality is amazing. Right out of the box the batteries were fully charged and ready to go. It took a few hours to read and apply the manual with backup from U-Tube videos. After I familiarized myself with the phone I inserted our smart cards and we were on the internet and texting. I got this phone to compliment a no contract family plan from the carrier Pure Talk. With the $15 plan the phones have been crystal clear and the texting is quite easy. No need for the smart phone. This fits the bill for us older adults who use the phone for necessities. Great job Nokia!!!!!

I'M HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE. ITEM ARRIVED AS DESCRIBED ON AMAZON WEB PAGE. THE PHONE WORKS PERFECT, LIKE ANYTHING HAVE TO GET USED TO ALL THE NEW FEATURES. I SIMPLY PLACED MY OLD SIM CARD, AND PHONE WORKED AUTOMATICALLY.

Ordered the US VERSION of this unlocked phone as I am moving to Uganda Africa.  Product arrived in designated time frame, but box was somewhat damaged...as if it was partially opened on one side.  When I opened it, I think I know why.  There was an english abbreviated instruction book in the box, but that is ALL that was in english.  The phone was in a language I could not at all understand (portuguese maybe...just not sure).  I tried to look on-line for a manual to try and change the settings, but since I could not read the screens...it was to no avail.I immediately called Amazon customer service.  They were extremely helpful and sent me a return label immediately.  I returned to phone the same day, and am awaiting my refund.  I ordered the same phone from a different dealer that day also, and to my relief, it is in English, and am hopeful it will work when I get to Africa and obtain my SIM card.  thank you Amazon for your help with the return.... first time I have ever had a problem with anything for you.

I have this phone for about a month now and it already started giving me problems about the battery. All of a sudden phone gets switched off and then i have to restart it again, though the battery is fully charged. Not sure how long will this product now.

This phone is a replacement for my wife's phone that she lost at the beach. She mostly uses texting so a smartphone was not required. This little Nokia has plenty of basic features and more. Battery life is amazing and the phone feel and construction is excellent, not the cheap plasticky feel of other phones.Since it's an open (unlocked) phone, there are some settings needed in order to have some features work, for instance, web and mms texting. Others have posted the neccesary settings here but I found a few minor errors, so here's the settings that worked for me, taken from the AT&T; support forum.Nokia C3 -- MMS and Web settings -- SOLVED11-25-2010 06:54:31 PMMultimedia MessagingMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name:  AT&T; MMSServer address:  [...]Use pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  [...]-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  [...]  all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name:  Media NetHomepage:  [...]User name:  leave blankPassword:  leave blankUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  [...]-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  [...]  all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateHope this help.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Updated Sep 25, 2011A couple negative things about this phone I forgot to mention is that the characters on the keys are dark and hard to see, unless the backlight is on, especially the number keys. Maybe the white variation of this phone has more legible keys. Another thing that was driving my wife crazy was the speakerphone key. Also, I would have liked this phone was 3G. Otherwise, is a great phone.

The Nokia c3-00 is all that I expected.It arrived at  the exact date that it was to be delivered. THE PHONE WORKS GREAT IN MY COUNTRY (ST lUCIA) I LOVE IT.ITS A GREAT PHONE COMPARABLE TO A BLACKBERRY BUT MORE AFFORDABLE

I am a 50-something woman, and needed a new cell after the navigation button on my pretty blue Samsung SGH 600 slider no longer navigated. This terminated a friendship that had lasted many years. The Samsung had all I had ever wanted from a phone and I didn't really see the need for a smart phone. I was looking for quality, something that did the job, and had a touch of flair. I picked the Nokia C3 based on the Amazon feedback.At first it drove me crazy, mostly because I was still thinking in the Samsung way. The more I played with it, the more it became mine. I like it, but I am not in love with it. I whished it didn't look so much like a business phone - more color options would be nice. Some of its features I may never use because they just don't matter to me. Here's what I like/dislike about this phone.=============*** Like ***=============CALL QUALITY:  Best I've had on a cell phoneLOOK:  Quality look and nice solid feel without being too heavy. Looks like a mini Blackberry.SCREEN:  Crisp and easy to read in all lighting scenarios.BATTERY LIFE:  Continues to amaze me, best I have had on a cell phone so far.QWERTY KEYBOARD:  This is what hooked me to the phone. Now, even I can text with speed!TEXT MESSAGING:  Works great, message threads are displayed per contact.USED IT AS "MODEM" by tethering it to my laptop via Bluetooth when I needed a secure connection during a Hotel stay.WI-FI:  Tried it - reliable and convenient===============*** Dislike ***===============ALARM:  As far as I can tell, it only allows for one alarm scenario to be set. If you need more, you may have to do it via appointments on your calendar.CAMERA: Very poor picture quality - worse than my old Samsung

I am a renovation contractor, so I use my phone a lot, and don't have a lot of spare time to figure out how to use my phone, and I have found this phone to be very intuitive, and very useful. I love the MP3 player, and it does have a speaker, so you don't need headphones. Texting is very easy as well. Great product

If you are like me, a college student with not much $$ lying around, then this phone is great for you! It looks a bit like a blackberry from far (hence the style), the QWERTY keyboard is especially useful for text messaging (extremely useful especially during a ahem. *crisis*) and everything that you need is there!The downside- it can't read PDF files, can't play ANGRYBIRDS (Hey beggars aren't choosers) and most games, so if you're a major cell phone gamer- go spend more money to get something better, otherwise, for people who just needs a stylish phone to socialize, this phone is more than enough for you!

This phone must be European origin - it has the Euro plug, but seller did supply an adapter.  More importantly it was in Portugese so you must be able to navigate to the language selection key to convert to English and the manual in the package is not in English, but I am sure you could download from Nokia.  This is a quality product that is simple to use.  It has the ability to use the internet and access social media, but the main function of the phone is to make phone calls and text!  It has the very user friendly Nokia format.  However you MUST order a Nokia headset to be hands free.  Other 3.5 mm headsets WILL NOT work.  This is the only drawback to Nokia phones that I have found.  Otherwise I am 100% happy with this phone!!  There are several ring options and wallpapers that are attractive.  Most importantly it has the ability to adjust the font size to make the screen visable.  I wish they would have colored the number keys with a more contrasting color for greater visability!

Buen Telefono. Bastantes aplicaciones utiles. Puedes tener todo en un telefono, correo, mensajeria, redes sociales etc. Muchas opciones de accesos rapidos. La aplicaciones de facebook y twitter instaladas son muy lentas, tuve que descargar otras versiones.

I have had this phone for about a week and I LOVE it!Pros:Wifi baby!!!3.5mm headphone jack. (excellent sound quality)Runs apps and has an on-phone app store.You can run any web app over wifi.You DONT have to have a data plan to use this amazing phone.Pretty good camera (for a phone)Threaded (chat style) texting.Cons:Takes a day or so to get used to (but not that big of a deal)I got this phone because I always had to carry around my phone AND iPod touch (for music, web browser, email, ect.)and this combines it all into one device! I have an 8gb micro sd card for it so it holds most my music, and I can browse the web, facebook, email, ect. on wifi while listening.I love this phone and would buy it again in a heartbeat.

I bought the Nokia C-3 because I needed something better than the .6 MP camera on the X2. At first, I loved the C-3 for everyday use, browsing, and taking pictures.First, the speaker imploded and started struggling to play music or ringtones through the distortion. That was tolerable, I suppose.Secondly, and this did the phone in, the casing began to peel off. At first, I thought maybe it was just plastic from when I bought it that was peeling off. But then it started cracking and the paint chipping.Nokia seems to be giving up, at this point. What used to be a manufacturer of reliable, inexpensive phones now makes expensive, unreliable phones. The C-3 and N8 have both been nightmares for me. I have spent over $1000 on Nokia phones that are now useless.

The phone works ok, but sound quality is not very good, it sounds rather like holding a tin can up to your ear. The Wi-Fi connectivity is nice and works well, I've used it both at home and in a hotel room. The internet browser is surprisingly fast but the memory fills up very fast too, due to the small RAM. Bluetooth works well with my MacBook Pro for file transfers, both sending music to the phone memory card and sending photos/videos from the phone to the MacBook. The bluetooth also works in our 2011 Toyota Sienna, at least as far as making and receiving calls, but the stereo music features do not work at all. The camera is adequate but unimpressive and photos look grainy. The full keyboard while small is nice, although I do no texting and only very little emailing. It's also nice to be able to customize (some) button functions and on-screen shortcuts.

I bought this phone because AT&T; would no longer let me use my old Nokia 6010 on their network.  This phone is unlocked, I only removed the sims card, from my old phone and inserted it onto this one and it worked.This phone has great call quality and my battery lasts me at least a week before recharging. As far is taking pictures with this phone, it is only a 2 megapixel, without an external flash, so pictures are a little fuzzy. However, if you use photo-enhancing software, you can make the picture clearer.Also, if you use the AT&T; network like I do, you might have to give customer service a call, in order to reset your voice mail.  If you want to look for applications for your phone, just google java applications for Nokia C3-00 and you will find sites that have applications to download to your phone.The WLAN feature is awesome, in that I can take my phone with me when I travel and use Wifi for surfing the internet. It is alot better than lugging around a heavy laptop and risk it getting damaged or stolen.I'm happy with my purchase and would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a quality, moderately priced feature phone.

I highly recommend if you only use this for calls and texting. Do not use for internet because it does lag. I gave this 3/5 stars because texting does need to get some getting use to. Keys are somewhat small-medium size and if you have stubby fingers like me you being to text slow at first then normal afterwards.Don't get me wrong, this is a great little phone. It comes with Wifi which is awesome btw! Only get this if you really want it. I am sure you can get touch-screen phones at about the same price. I find those types of phones easier to use for texting and surfing the web. that's just my opinions though.

I am very pleased with this phone so far.  I put an 8gb sound card in with all my music on it and it plays well with an equalizer option.  The amzer case that i ordered for it fits well but the blue color is awful, more like putrid purple, beware!!!  Nd

I actually have a nokia lumia smart phone now and there are some things I could do without any app with the c3, that I have to have apps for with the smart phone.  This phone has a lot of nice picture editing options including cropping, putting text on the picture with any color font and putting the text any where on the picture and adding a frame and lightening the picture, and &#34;oil painting&#34; which was really cool with the right picture and video camera and zoom in also.  I liked this phone so much it was hard to leave it but smart phone bug got me.  by the way you can have internet on this phone with at&t , the last time I had it for $15 a  month with unlimited data due to the phone doesn't store much.  Very nice smooth feel too.  fm radio too.

Todo bien.  El celular llego bien con todos los accesorios. En condiciones excelente. Un buen y econ&oacute;mico equipo

The cel is not unlocked for data traffic and I can't make it work with my carrier. I paid $100 and I have a cel that works only for voice service.

A great phone. I've had it for only a week, but I already love it. I've been eyeing this phone for a long time now, but then was hesitant since I haven't used QWERTY buttons on a cellphone before. I need not have worried; I got the hang of it almost immediately. I've used Nokia for my cellphones ever since, so I didn't have any problems getting into this one. Since wifi is almost everywhere, I love that I can use it and use Facebook and Twitter out of the house. Now I'm tempted to buy another one--that's how satisfied I am with it. However, I might try out the Nokia E5 just to see how it compares with this.

I wanted a cell phone with a QWERTY keyboard, and that's what I got. The wifi connection is spotty and drops repeatedly. The apps for Facebook and Twitter worked on Day1 and haven't worked again since (two weeks ). I have never been able to access the Internet. My 2004 Samsung clamshell, which I replaced with this one, was more intuitive. Serious buyer's remorse.

love this phone

I lost my smartphone and wanted a affordable phone till I get discounts from my carrier . So I bought this one and works fine for me !

It's a Nokia, there's no much to say...This was a gift for my 11-year daughter. She loved it, obviously, a data plan is needed :)100% recomended.

This is a fantastic phone, easy to handle size wise and the keyboard is large enough for me to work with as a senior.  The features are very easy to use and the clarity is great.  I have not yet added any more services but will soon.  A GREAT phone!

I have METRO PCS Admire and is 50 a month with GOOGLE PLAY why use the Nokia store. when it's a rip off. Twitter cost money? 2MP? the quality and annoying keyboard. you people better find a better phone to use.

happened to buy this phone for my new girlfriend, at first i was iffy about it, but its a solid phone that lasted almost a whole 2 years before giving problems... although i'm kinda shocked to see that the price has went up in the past two years considering i got the phone new for $99 and its now over $130 atm.. smh.. well i guess that's the economy for you

It is a an Okay phone however its limited in the features it says it can perform like being able to play a variety video media.  It can play music MP3 and the FM radio is decent, but the proprietary head phones lack fit and real quality and tend to sound tiny and I have yet to find any after market that actually work on the Nokia.

This is a great product.  It's small, but feels solid in your hand.  Has a GREAT battery.  I text a lot and I was used to having to charge my battery daily.  With this phone, the battery lasts AT LEAST two days, and that's with heavy texting and limited internet usage.  Well constructed.  Shows conversational style text.  You can attach ringtones and photos to your contacts.  You can set up recurring appointments. It has an alarm which works really well. You can use up to an 8GB micro SD card with it.  If you have AT&T; service (which I do) you need to know how to configure it so that you can receive multimedia (picture) messages and access the internet. I have the instructions for the configuration, which I will enter below.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a good phone, but doesn't want to pay for a 'smart phone'. You can get unlimited data (internet) usage for $10/month (again, AT&T;) versus $25/month for what they consider to be a 'smart phone'.  Okay, it isn't blazing fast on the internet (uses Edge rather than 3G or 4G), but it's fast enough for me.  I don't actually use it for the internet a lot because I prefer to use my computer for that.  Multimedia messaging works great. It does everything I want it to do and I've been used to using the Samsung Blackjack II and Jack. I've been a cell phone user since 1995.  Again, I highly recommend this product.  Instructions for configuring MMS and Internet (Web):Nokia C3 -- MMS and Web settingsMultimedia MessagingMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name:  AT&T; MMSServer address:  mmsc.cingular.comUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  wireless.cingular.com-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name:  Media NetHomepage:  device.homeUser name:  leave blankPassword:  leave blankUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  wireless.cingular.com-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateOh, one more thing.....make sure you order the one that's sold by and fulfilled by Amazon!!  Good luck and you're gonna love this phone!!!  :)

Recieved this phone and really liked it, however when I tried to get onto a wi-fi network, it doesn't support it.  I have Consumer Celluar, and they have made the phone so that it only links to their network.  This is probably not the phones fault, but Consumer Celluars fault as many of the other reviews said it was an unlocked phone.  So this phone is heading back and will swap it out for a Motorola Bravo, which Consumer Celluar is an unlocked phone, I hope.

This is an excellent product from Nokia when you compare the price at which this is available. If you want a phone which is tough and durable this is a good choice.

I really liked this phone, I came defective .. and I learned that many people also came defective. is easy to operate, but I did not like

Este es un gran tel&eacute;fono muy completo nada que envidirle los dem&aacute;s Telefonazo, llego en buen estado, trabaja perfecto, solo que hay que configurar para la operadoras de movilnet para los paquetes de datos, recomiendo el vendedor. gracias

This phone is perfect for people who always don't want to charge their phones every night (I charge mine after 4-6 days). The only problem is the camera is 2mp but it's still a good semi-smartphone for the price.

Les recomiendo el telefono celular nokia C3, es de muy buena calidad, sus funciones son muy f&aacute;ciles de manejar, es un tel&eacute;fono para alguien que busca un f&aacute;cil manejo, no tengo mucho tiempo con el pero hasta ahora me ha gustado, es muy resistentes y es muy bonito

I researched phones for months.  I'm a devoted fan of Nokia.  I make calls, receive calls and text a little.  I didn't want to be forced to get a data plan, but I still wanted to have the internet option.  This phone is it.  The battery life with my use is 7-9 days!!!!!  (That's no internet use at all.)  I have the internet, but I don't use it at this time.  This phone looks great, performs great and is overall excellent for my simple needs.  Reception great.  Volume great.  THE MAJOR PROBLEM I EXPERIENCED (AND CONQUERED WITH LOTS OF HELP) WAS GETTING MY INTERNET AND MMS SETTINGS CONFIGURED! I couldn't send or receive pictures via text and I couldn't get on the internet.  AT&T; tech employees could not help with this at all.  I was told that this phone, though unlocked, wouldn't receive internet or mms messages because it was not an AT&T; phone.  (My C3 does not have AT&T; printed anywhere on it.)  This was absolutely not true!  I got HELP from a review posted on May 23, 2011 here on this review list for the C3.  I had to do a little extra research and tweak the "formula" a bit, but it all eventually worked.  I can send and receive pictures (MMS) and I get the internet.  Look into these reviews for help, have patience and it should eventually work out for you.  A few reviews have these steps listed, but with several of these entries: "[...]".  This was not helpful at all because I had NO IDEA what to put in there!!!!!  The following should help!Nokia C3 -- MMS and Web settings -- SOLVEDMultimedia MessagingMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name:  AT&T; MMSServer address:  [...]Use pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  [...]-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name:  Media NetHomepage: [...]User name:  leave blankPassword:  leave blankUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  wireless.cingular.com-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateI LOVE MY NOKIA PHONE AND PLAN TO HAVE IT UNTIL IT DIES!!!

I wanted an unlocked phone that I could use with a prepaid SIM card when I vacation in Europe.This phone appears to meet that need, although I have not yet taken it to Europe.The user manual was in Italian, but I was able to download an English version from the internet.  Turns out the user manual is not very helpful, but searching the internet provided the information I needed to configure the phone.I found the QWERTY keyboard easier to use than I expected given the very small key size.I would recommend it to someone on a budget that needs a QWERTY keyboard and an unlocked phone.

Its better to shop here in amazon than to go somewhere else and its very safe and fast! I really like it! I bought a nokia c3 and i really really love it! It works perfectly...Thank you amazon!!!

I recently bought this phone for work and what i can tell u is that i never had no other phone with such good battery life.I use my phone alot for calls and texting and this phone battery lasting me 2 full weeks.I've had many phones from nokia,motorola & samsung & none have never got this close in terms of battery life.The phone itself is a basic phone,nothing fancy like a higher end phone but if you're looking for a simply phone with good battery life?look no further,get this.

I love this phone..its wi-fi connection is incredible...such a wonderful phone and at such a reasonable price..go for it :)

Its really nice and is very user friendlyNokia C3 Quad-band Unlocked GSM Cell Phone with 2mp Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-fi,Qwerty Keyboard--international Version with no US Warranty (Grey)

I purchased this phone mainly for the music player feature. Secondly, for the beautiful color, and thirdly, for the wide blackberry-look. I loved the phone features except for the facebook app. It worked well initially but after t-mobile configured my phone to receive and send multi-media messages, the facebook app no longer worked, which is fine cause I didn't buy it for facebook anyway. The music player is off the chain! I love being able to listen to my music and use my favorite songs as ringtones. This phone is excellent. Unfortunately, my joy was short-lived after it apparently fell from my coat pocket at school and was never returned. I only had the pleasure of using it for 5 weeks. Also, I give this phone 4 stars not because of the phone itself, but mainly because Nokia has too many smart features on this phone requiring additional data packet. I got t-mobile's $15 plan since I didn't need to use web as much. Overall, love this phone so much I ordered another one, the C3 in hot pink, unfortunately, an international version but I am hoping it will work just as good.

I got this in the mail today.  I've been messing around with it all afternoon.  It took a few minutes to figure out how everything worked, and I was worried the back cover wasn't going to stay shut, but it finally shut and stayed that way after using some force.  Texting is very easy on the Qwerty keyboard.  I'm very pleased with it so far.

I like the nokia c3 unlocked cell phone. It works well when I travel. The wifi search & connection is good. For the price I was still able to connect with via text, internet & phone calls. I also like that it is a compact phone fits in pockets & purses.

porque duran tanto para procesar el envio, ya la compra que realice tiene mas de 24 horas y no la han enviado, quisiera saber que a pasado, gracias

This phone is amazing. For $120, Nokia really hit the nail on the head this time.Wi-Fi:This is probably my favorite feature of the phone. While most phones that have Wi-Fi are smartphone and require a data plan from the carrier, this phone doesn't. It has wi-fi, but it's NOT a smartphone. This is a great feature for those of us who want to browse the internet or check email, without being tied to an annoying contract. And let's face it, there's wi-fi almost everywhere now so finding a connection shouldn't be hard. The wifi is fast a reliable on this phone, and it's just so convenient.Screen:The screen is terrific for such a budget phone. The resolution isn't crazy high, but it's very crisp and easy to read. As far as I know, there is no option to adjust the brightness of the screen, but that's not a big problem because the brightness is perfect for all situation. Even in sunlight, the screen is remarkably readable.Battery Life:I only go the phone yesterday, so I really don't know about the battery life. According to other websites, however, it has 7 hours or talk time. Not impressive, but still pretty good. It also depends on if your wi-fi is turned on and stuff like that.UI (Interface):This phone uses the Nokia S40 use interface. This interface is pleasantly simple, yet has all the features you need. There are a few apps that come preloaded onto the phone, but whenever I try to go to the OVI Store, it says this phone is not compatible. This might be an issue with the browser or maybe the phone just ISN'T supported. But that shouldn't be too much of a problem because people shouldn't buy this phone expecting an iPhone. The phone also gives you easy access to your favorite social networks from the homescreen, which I find a great feature paired with the included wi-fi (I don't have a data plan).QWERTY Keyboard:The keyboard is perfect. The keys may a little small and intimidating, but even for those of us who have thick fingers, typing will become a breeze. The keys are stiff enough to prevent accidental presses, but at the same time, they are easy to press. Perfect combination, eh? Also, I've noticed that on a lot of phones, the keys make a loud *click* noise when they're pressed. This phone barely even makes a noise. I would have to say that the navigation pad above the QWERTY keyboard is a little "loud" at first, especially the directional pad, but you soon get used to it.Text Messaging:I couldn't be happier with the texting experience on this phone. The messages are displayed in a conversational manner for each contact, and you can even assign the dedicated e-mail key to go to the conversations (texting) screen. I find this really helpful because it let's me keep track of who I was talking to and what I was talking to them about.Email:The email on this phone is good. The "app" takes about 6 seconds to load up after you press "Mail" in the menu, but then it's pretty quick. You can have multiple accounts, and all you have to input is you username and password. The phone does the rest, so no need to find the server addresses and ports or whatever you need. I've never really had email on a phone, but I must say it's very convenient.Internet Browser:There are 2 internet browsers that I'm aware of. I have no idea what the default first one is called, but the second one is Opera Mini. I personally like the first one better better, and that's because you control the cursor with the directional keys, while in Opera Mini, you basically use them to select an element..... It's hard to explain. Also, the internet is fast if you have fast wifi. This phone only supports EDGE and GPRS, so no 3G. (YouTube works, but the videos only play in low resolution).Media Player:The media player is great on this phone, too. There are many different file formats that the phone can play. It can even play MIDI audio files (I've never seen that on a phone). My favorite part about the player is them including a 5-band equalizer. This equalizer greatly improves the sound quality. I have mine set to - left to right - HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. The headphones that come with the phone aren't the greatest, so using a different pair would drastically improve the sound quality.Classy Look:This phone looks pretty awesome. The area around the screen is this plastic material but it's reflective so it's looks really luxurious. The battery cover is made of metal (aluminum I think), and that really gives it a "heavy", quality look. I actually ordered a case with the phone (Premium Crystal Skin Case for NOKIA C3 / Clear Tinted) and it fits perfectly, I highly recommend it. The keyboard is sort of a matte finish, and it makes the key comfortable to type on. The device as a whole is just gorgeous, and to be honest, it really looks like a "Nokia BlackBerry" or something. I really like the look.Camera:The camera is a 2 MP camera, with digital zoom, but no flash, and no auto-focus. The picture quality on the phone is average for phones in this price range. The pictures look like visual effects have been slammed onto them. I would recommend using the camera to take the occasional picture of somebody to put as a contact, but that's about it. The video camera is, I believe, QVGA resolution @20FPS, (or 15, not quite sure), which isn't great but it gets the job done.Call Quality:The sound quality of the phone is great. I've had no problem hearing anybody, and vice versa.--VERDICT--I would say the only flaw with this phone is that it doesn't make me sandwiches. But all kidding aside, I really do love this phone. My favorite features are the amazing QWERTY keyboard, the included wi-fi networking capabilities, and the threaded text messaging. What more could you want for a $120 phone that's not "smart" (hehe). The fact that it has wi-fi but isn't a smartphone is great. You can browse the internet without getting tied up in data plans and contracts and all that stuff because it's unlocked. The browsing experience is good, and the email is convenient. The social network integration to the home screen is great because you don't have to browse to the website or whatever. All-in-all, this is a great phone and I'm very happy I bought it. Oh yes, by the way, it makes calls. :PEDIT 2/5/2012 - Regarding the battery life, this phone has AMAZING battery life. In the review I said it was average, but after using it for a longer time, I can go 5 days with average/heavy use and still have 2/3 bars. It seems insane, but it's true. However, that might be due to the fact that I don't access AT&T;'s data features, which may drag the battery life down a bit if used frequently.

I got one of these phones in Europe to use mainly over there on a pay as you go plan. All 4 bands, 2 MP camera, nice keyboard and color screen, unlocked. It's pretty and inexpensive. Bingo, I thought, I can use it in the US as well for SMS, and I can use it for simple internet tasks over WiFi! Dream on, dreamer! You know the expression "too good to be true"?The problems are HUGE.1) The design of the interface is miserable. It's even hard to explain. Tasks are accessed from a menu that is programmable. There is an icon menu too, and it's programmable. But where is the full list of tasks to pull into these menus? That's so buried I can only find it by chance now and then. Everything is counter-intuitive. In the end it's more like a Rubik's Cube than anything. I've spent hours trying to set it up. Good Luck. You will also discover its countless ways to unexpectedly go into data mode. See item 2.2) The selection of data modes does not allow you to turn off cellular data completely in favor of WiFi. You never know when it's going to go into roaming cellular data mode. It's like a diabolical billing trap. Sitting on a strong WiFi connection I've managed to inadvertently consume all 25 Euros of credits repeatedly within an hour of trying to use the device solely over the selected WiFi. More than the phone itself cost. Assuming that there is any way to turn off billable internet, you will likely spend so much money on unintentional cellular connections trying to figure it out that it's immaterial. For instance, you want to change the color theme. Bam, it connects and finds big files to download. The video mode is terrible. The camera is bad. Why do they give you a 2 MP camera? So the phone can run up a bill "synchronizing" big files. Do stick to prepaid. I'm glad I wasn't using it on a billable plan, or I'd be looking at a bill in the hundreds if not thousands. The idea of putting an open-ended account's SIM card in it is suicidal. I'm going to load it up again with 5 euros and I'm never going to use it for anything stateside but SMSing, and as a basic phone when not roaming. The worst it can do then is deplete the 5 Euros.3) The Energy Saver feature requires hitting keys to keep it from turning off the screen. There seems to be no way to change the 9 second time-out. This alone makes it useless. Try reading the news or doing anything other than basic SMSing when the screen keeps turning off unless you keep hitting keys! It's designed to make you hit random keys in desperation, and mine came pre-programmed so that hitting the right key would connect to Plus! data services (see pt 2 above). Oops, there went another 2 Euros.I'm amazed some people like this thing. The positive reviews must be from people who have never used a decent smart phone. It makes an iPhone seem like it came from some advanced extraterrestrial civilization, whereas the C3 was designed by greedy phone carriers and programmed by imbeciles. I can only imagine using it as a basic phone and for SMS messaging.

Purchased this phone for my wife. Very pleased with this phone! Perfect to those who don't have 3G or 4G accounts.  Easy to use, Wifi connection is great and easy to navigate.  Surpised with the Battery life lasted almost a week withour recharging. My wife was skeptic at first but quickly became a fan.  Now she cannot stop raving about this phone.  I'm thinking of getting another unit for myself.

excelente telefono a muy buen precio la camara muy buena a pesar de ser de tan solo 2 MP lo recomiendo

...and the only way I found it after it finished ringing was the screen glowing up from the murky depths like the Sword of Gryffindor.  I snatched it out, cursing myself for leaving the stupid thing within reach of my preschooler son and a sink full of sudsy water and immediately called my husband to ask his advice on what I should do with the phone. Water was dripping from the phone, and perfect sound was coming from the earpiece.  I eventually disassembled it and set it in front of a fan to dry, and five days later, the phone shows no signs of damage.I admit - when I bought it, I was coveting the iPhone and all of its bells and whistles, and I had plenty of mean things to say about this phone (It's not pretty!  It's not fancy!  It's got buttons instead of a touch screen!  IT'S NOT AN APPLE PRODUCT!!).  But I have been shown the err of my ways.  Never, ever again will I blaspheme this phone.  Worth its weight in gold, it is.  Or at least, worth not having to replace it because a drop of rain hit the screen, or the ocean spray penetrated its puny outer shell while on a walk on the beach (true story).Then again, maybe I just got lucky.UPDATE (12/4/12): I've now had this phone for over two years and apart from one glitch which was fixed by getting a new SIM card, it still does the job.  Which is not to say it's perfect - I occasionally get some interesting autocorrects going on, but I attribute that more to the many times I've dropped it (especially that one time it soared out of my basket and hit the sidewalk full force as I was flying over a bump on my bike) than the phone being sketchy.  I have nothing positive to say about the camera, but seriously, if that's my only complaint, then someone should give Nokia a prize for this thing.  Thanks to the bike incident - which was over a year ago - the face of my phone is slowly detaching from the front, so I'll need to replace it.  But it is such a relief to know I don't have to waste my time looking for a different phone - I am completely sold on this one.  And if Nokia would promise to put in a better camera, I'd gladly pay more for the phone.  Within reason, of course.  I'm a cheapskate.

Okay this is overall a good phone. So far it seems to do everything I need it to do, and I only paid about $80 for it.However, I am starting to discover little things that bother me. First, there is no external volume button. You have to press a few buttons to get to the menu to change the ring volume.Second, there is not a brightness control. If you are in a bar (which I am in a lot) your face will light up because of the bright screen. I end up holding the phone at an angle to avoid embarassment. Also the screen will go black after 8 seconds and there is no way to change this power saving feature.When you are composing a text message, there is no quick way to save it to send later.I would exchange the phone for another but I think it is too late (I bought it at a local store in Mexico). So I will keep it until it breaks. It just annoys me that these little features have been excluded so that you will want to buy another phone (Nokia hopes you will upgrade I imagine). Kindof like how windows always has things wrong with it so that you need the next version.

phone is nice and does what it suppose too however it's advertise as US warranty but came with manual in Italian and on the box clearly states Italianwarranty.So who's at fault for the miss representing go figure.since I needed phone kept it but have no warranty, buyers beware.notice recently and so far on one occasion phone redial last caller by itseft hope this doesn't become an issue in the future.all in all nice phone but should be sold as advertise and not be a switch and bait sale.

Purchased this phone for personal use.  Not a big mobile broadband user so lack of that function was not needed.  Interfaces well with personal WiFi.  Easy to set-up email account.  Only real bugging feature is battery door tends to get popped easily.  So this is not a rugged phone but a good one especially if you text and like a full keyboard.

The phone works overall OK. The things working for it are the keyboard and wi-fi. However, it feels/is pretty slow, both in processor and non wi-fi internet connection (only GPRS and EDGE, no HSDPA). Also, stereo bluetooth headphones are not supported (no A2DP). (Wired headphones work fine.)Comparatively, a C3-01 (touch and type) is considerably zippier (both processor and internet connection), and the stereo bluetooth headphones work fine.The build quality is not too great, one of the keys (the up on the D-pad) gives an annoying sticking/squeaking sound.A good (but more expensive and complex) alternative is the E5.

I purchased the Nokia C-300 back in November, 2011. When I first got it, it often froze up and shut off. Got frustrated but after a few days it stopped. Now occasionally it freezes but doesn't bother me as all phones of mine did this (Nokias, that is). It's decent on the internet, and you can do a lot with this phone. I do e-mail and chat. The only other downside is getting pictures messages, which I can't seem to get, but T-mobile won't help me as this phone isn't supported. Another tolerable thing, though. But if you are constant texter: Beware! The keys chip very badly and it's hard to see the numbers/letters. I ended up purchasing another phone for this reason.. but other than that, phone worked fine. Also, the great thing about this phone is the battery life. I am a huge texter and caller and I go 3 days easily without a single charge.

it was my first time ordering anything online and i must say i was very nervous about it...but everything went ok, my product reached on time and was in the exact condition i saw it online.

I love this phone because of the easy to use QWERTY keyboard.I always call it a wanna be smart phone!This is only the second cell phone I have ever owned...my first one was a Samsung flip phone without a camera.If you are looking for a fancy phone then buy one, this is just a nice phone with some nice extras.I love that I can do facebook, email and surf the net at home or in hot spots.It saves a lot of money because you do not have to lock in to an expensive phone plan if you are just looking for a replacement phone....I just used this to replace my old phone.However, what I don't like about the phone is that it isn't always user friendly, and if you are technically challenged like I am it can get a bit frustrating at times to figure out what you are doing.Luckily, if you go to the nokia site you will find a great discussion board where people can give you solutions about how to use this and that option or any problem that come up.The mannual that comes with the phone is useless.I have also called nokia customer service with some questions, and they have been helpful.I must warn that when it says "US Version", it really means that it is an international phone with an American adaptor.I didn't like this because I thought I was getting a US phone.The seller sent me free of charge an original nokia US charger, I am pleased that he offered to do that.But, the charger cord is a little short which can make it difficult to talk on while it is charging.Words like color are colour, favorite is favourite...so uses British English.That doesn't bother me so much, though.The apps aren't great, but I don't really use apps anyway.The numbers are hard to find, but all in all you get used to the quirks and realize that you have a lot for the money.The camera isn't bad, but the video is really short.Just not as users friendly as I thought it would be, but I would buy it again simply because of internet access, and the QWERTY key pad is easy to use.I love texting on this phone, but I had a problem with sending and receiving photos.Found out the phone has to be programmed, and you have to either call nokia or find an answer on the Nokia discussion board.Don't be afraid to buy...especially if you know a lot about cell phones or if you have someone who can help you figure it out.My engineer husband helped me get it all set up, but I am still trying to figure out some of the technical issues.Sweet little phone for the price.

This product is junk, it's not working to AT&T. I called my cellphone company to activate this product but they can't helped me. I regret to buy this item.

This phone works great.  I can see the keys and it comes with a wired head set.  Very user friendly. haven't used the internet

This is the phone that I am currently using and I love it. It can send attachments, copy and paste and lots of other computerish things. The down side however is on messages. It doesnt have the option of saving messages in the draft box. You need to navigate and eventually put the massages in achieve. It is also not compatible with wiber and a lot of nice software. Thats the part I dont like about this phone. I had given it a 5 star but I have now taken it down to 3. I think the message and app thing are great disadvantages. I do however recommend this phone to anyone.

love the phone. If u use ATT it can be a problem to set up for mms u need to got to there site for the settings and add them manuely but once set up it is a great phone. modem with nokia software will but your pc on the internet for free. I will save you some money travling plus wifi. great.

Nokia built a great phone with the C3-00. BUT - if you are a person that watches their wallet, this phone will not be for you. This phone MUST have an internet connection. With extreme difficulty, I was able to get it to connect via WIFI starting off at home. But as soon as I was out of range, or disconnected from WIFI, it jumps right to GPRS. And the transition back to WIFI is difficult to accomplish without re-booting the phone.  This was not what I expected. On my current Win5 OS phone, I control the connection to GPRS and WIFI, and I can enable or disable as I please. So I ultimately sent the phone back.  I specifically look for WIFI phones, but i must be able to control the connection. I refuse to purchase most new smartphones because they have a data package requirement. I am able to use my Win5 OS phone and connect when I can - and that suits me just fine. Better for me to connect when I want than to spend hundrends a year for a 'required' connection.Thanks but no.

i bought this phone like a month ago and day by day the more i use it the more i like it. it's really easy and simple to use and you can do mostly everything on it. at first i didn't like the idea of qwerty but now i don't regret it. the camera works well in the day but in the night it's a little choppy. i recommend buying it with a silicon case because it can be very slippery if you have soft hands.nothing else i can say , cons i didn't find any yet

Excellent device, beyond my expectations. Would recommend to anyone seeking style and class and all the features to enhance daily technological experiences

I must tell you that this phone is just incredible truely amazingand very soon I will get another one

I must say i was surprised to some extent to see that exactly what i had ordered did come all of the features listed sis come and the Nokia c-300 was in working condition and all it required was a valid sim card. i even got other accessories it is a splendid product.  The Nokia C-300 was also delivered promptly and that is a previlage. Thank You

A CARAFE, THAT IS A BLIND GLASS.A kind in glass and a cousin, a spectacle and nothing strange a single hurt color and an arrangement in a system to pointing. All this and not ordinary, not unordered in not resembling. The difference is spreading.

Great phone as I have access to Wi Fi in a lot of places. I downloaded What's App so I chat with my family and friends using this. I don't miss the additional carrier charges for internet.

When you first pick up the Nokia C3, you can think that you have a modern looking full QWERTY Blackberry. It is a cool looking phone, with a very easy to use keyboard.Its light weight, so it dosent feel heavy in your pocked, has great battery life. The sound clarity is good, as is the camera. Its not a high end camera phone, but its pictures are just as clear as my old 8900.It dosent compare with the high end smart phones like the new Blackberries or HTC androids, but for the $160 range that its in, it certainly gives you that expensive look, and is a great email/messaging device.

I purchased this item for myself I tried to cancel this item but the cancellation did not go through. it had a few surprising features. it was everything that is stated in the description. the only issued I had was that its packaging looked like it was previously open (it did not have any seals on the box) but it contained everything that the box listed as it contents. overall it it was OK but not exciting. The only reason that I did not return it was because I live in the Caribbean so when I calculated the cost to return it, I decided to keep it.

Me and my husband just received our new phones today. We were looking for something with the internet without having to have a data plan.The wi-fi in this Nokia is a good solution. I also like how nice this phone looks and it's pretty handy.

I bought this phone through the Amazon Marketplace site and the seller was Everydaycell well the first day I used the phone the screen blanked out about 9 times totally blank screen. I also could'nt send out multimedia messages and Nokia customer service told  me you have to have the phone configured by your mobile provider. I emailed Everydaycell to let them know about the problem and several days passed by no answer. I called Amazon customer service and she guided me through the procedure I had to go through in order to get a refund. This was my first time ordering from the Amazon site and I feel horribly disapointed with the hassle I had to go through. I sent the phone back to Everydaycell and  a note included expecting a full refund of my money. They claim they charge a 20% fee for opened products how is that possible if the only way you can test your product is by opening the package and testing it out. So now I sit and wait to see if they refund the full. If they dont B.B.B. will be receiving a complaint from me from this company. Dont buy this phone and dont buy from Everydaycell!

Este celular nokia c3 lo compre para regalarselo a mi hermana, la verdad hasta el dia de hoy ha salido muy bueno no ha tenido ningun proble de software o hardware lo traje para Ecuador, y me costo menos de la mita de lo que cuesta en mi Pa&iacute;s..

it's a good phone... but its really basic... beside wifi you have a really basic phone with some plus... but no a great phone... if you are looking for an smartphone go to E5... or if you are looking for an SMARTPHONE go to a superior android or ios... this is a cheap good cell phone for calling, sms and some internet goodies like ebuddy... nokia is great, but looks like 5 year old operating system, nokia really need to throw symbian away

I bought this phone for my sister and she loved it. The phone came in a package with an ear piece and a charger. It is worth the price and is cheaper compared to the price I would have to pay in my country - Jamaica. Great phone and nice price.Oh, the phone was delivered within the time period and in good condition.

I bought this phone in March 2012.  It is now 9 months after and all of a sudden when people call me I could hear them but they can't hear me unless I use the head phones.  This is very annoying because now I have to look for another phone that will work.  Did anyone else have this problem?I also wished it had more features like voice dialling and a better alarm structure.  However, it is affordable for the WiFi benefit that works great when you could get a WiFi connection.

This phone is very suitable for a college student and the price is so reasonable. It has everything I want in a phone, nice look, suitable size, sustainable battery, clear sounds. It has wifi and can open various music files..I think it's  perfect!

para ser mi primera compra... 10 puntos!!!excelente todo el servicio.. y el cell impecable..!! funciona a la perfecci&oacute;nsin demoras..THk!!!

Great little phone just what I needed a non-smart phone with wifi. It is used on at&T; with no data plan and photo turned off on the account can't send photos because you would need the att internet services turned on to do this, so NO web service thru ATT, I just use HOT Spots or home networks for the web and email. the only service used thru att is phone and text. This phone does not have GPS tracking = Non-smart....1.Also has a built in FM receiver.2.Yes it has Bluetooth.3.It loads web pages Not like a Iphone it's on the slower side but good enough for me.4.Good battery life.Hope this helps

If you don't want a smartphone with all of the bells and whistles, you're okay with this phone.With data, you can almost use the phone as a smartphone while retaining its basic telephone pedigree.Connect to the network when you need data, so it doesn't seem like you're connected all of the time, which can be traced.

Additional review after owning this item for 14 months:After owning this phone for 14 months, I must say I love this phone more and more each day.  Today, I successfully connected my ipad to this phone through bluetooth to get on internet without Wi-Fi. There is no problem with emails and general browsing.  I even watched a video, although interrupted a couple times.  Unlike my other phone, this phone making switching on/off bluetooth and adding/deleting pairing devices very simple and secure.FIY: I do have unlimited grandfather data plan with this phone.--------------------------------------------------------Original reivew after owning this item for 8 months:I have own this phone for 8 months and have travelled to Asia with it.I must say I was not very used to a phone with full keyboard.  And the full keyboard is not very useful to me as I do not text messaging/email a lot.  In fact, it gave me quite some headache at first as so many phone numbers were remembered as letters in US (such as 4-police).  However, after all the time being, I like it more and more.It is not a smart phone.  However, it serves the purposes to surf internet such as for checking Train schedule, weather...etc.  Unlike my another Window phone which will get on line without my permissions and caused me $$$ and endless trouble with phone bills, this Nokia C3 phone has very clear and easy operate WLAN controls and warning to allow me to always choose the right WLAN provider.Not like some other easy broken toy-like phones, this phone has a decent look and is nicely built.  The battery life is desirably long which makes it a perfect travel companion.And recently, I notice NOKIA provides many free games for downloading that I spent quite a good time playing them.  This adds another plus for a long travel.I am happy to give this light weight pocket size phone 5 stars.

el equipo funciona perfecto, la bateria es muy duradera, contiene todos los accesorios que el vendedor especifica, excelente compra 100% recomendados..

I love this phone.  I have always been a Nokia fan, but for my last upgrade, I was looking to switch to a QWERTY phone for easy text-messaging, and I discovered that all the technology is going into smartphones, meaning there are very few decent-quality dumbphones available.  For my current upgrade, I did some extensive research and decided to go back to Nokia.  First of all, I was very happy to have the return of what I think would be expected features on any phone, like a decent calendar and calculator app, and reminders.  Here are the other pros/cons of this phone:PROS:1. wIfi-  the internet available on this phone is not going to make smartphone users happy, but it makes me happy that I can download wallpapers and ringtones without using data2. conversational text messaging- it doesn't look like an iphone or anything, but it serves it's purpose so you don't have to scroll through your sent messages to see what you were talking about when someone replies a few hrs later3. customizable- you can make all the shortcut buttons do what you want them to do, so you won't accidentally connect to the internet all the time, and can easily access the features that you do use. you can also customize the appearance of the homescreen with preferred shortcuts, such as top contacts, etc4. can check time and missed calls/messages by just pressing the hangup button, do not need to unlock keypad5. nice display, camera is decent, easy to navigate, user-friendly, can change call volume during a call by pressing the navigation key6. Battery life is AMAZING!  I used it a lot when I first got it to set it up with some wifi use, and it lasted me 8 1/2 days before my first charge.  During the second week of regular use but no wifi, I am now on the 8th day and still have half the battery life remaining.7. Feels sturdy and well-madeCONS:1. Mine came in portugese.  There is a utube video that demonstrates how to change the language, so it is fine.  There are a few keys you won't use, but no big deal.  Came with European charger and a converter.2. Keyboard is a little small for typing.  I am getting used to it, but still have some typos.3. Media messaging and internet do not work when you first get it.  Need to configure it.  The instructions are listed in one of the Amazon reviews by user P Redman (thanks!).  I am going to copy and paste below because it is tough to find the specific review.  Once configured, everything works great.So after the few quick fixes when the phone arrives, the only real con is a small keyboard.  Overall, a great phone and does everything I had hoped for and more.  Perfect if you want a decent phone without wasting money on smartphone data plans.Nokia C3 -- MMS and Web settingsMultimedia MessagingMenu &#62; Settings &#62; Configuration &#62; Personal Settings &#62; Options &#62; Add New &#62; Multimedia MsgAccount Name: AT&T; MMSServer address: mmsc.cingular.comUse pref. Access pt: NoAccess point settings- Proxy: enabled- Proxy address: wireless.cingular.com- Proxy port: 80Bearer settings- Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingular- Network type: IPv4- Authentication type: Normal- User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all capital letters)- Password: CINGULAR1 (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) &#62; Options &#62; ActivateInternetMenu &#62; Settings &#62; Configuration &#62; Personal Settings &#62; Options &#62; Add New &#62; WebAccount Name: Media NetHomepage: device.homeUser name: leave blankPassword: leave blankUse pref. Access pt: NoAccess point settings- Proxy: enabled- Proxy address: wireless.cingular.com- Proxy port: 80Bearer settings- Packet data acc. pt: wap.cingular- Network type: IPv4- Authentication type: Normal- User name: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (all capital letters)- Password: CINGULAR1 (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) &#62; Options &#62; Activate

I have three of these, and they are great phones.I bought another, and did not get what is advertised.  Most other buyers don't, either.  The phone listed is a 'US Version with Warranty.'  Many (most/all?) of what is being shipped are not US phones.  The problem with that is that Nokia's one year limited US warranty applies only to US phones.  You may not know this until you try to get warranty repair service, as other reviewers here have noted.  But a call to Nokia with the IEMI number will tell whether you have a US phone or not.Amazon is aware that shipped phones routinely don't match the description, and won't do anything about it.  So do your homework and don't be deceived.  If a factory warranty is important to you, this is an unreliable source.

Excellent mobile, good price, nice packging.The headphones havent levelNokiaovi have few programs for downloadQwerty is ergonomic but a littleNo case and usb conector for pc

Since I was due for an early upgrade on my plan, I checked around in the AT&T; store for non-smartphone messaging-only options that did not require a data plan.  Sadly, there were just a handful of options, half of which were unappealing flip style phones that I used over 10 years ago.  AT&T; store personnel stated that AT&T; is intentionally driving existing customers to higher revenue smartphone and data plans and de-emphasizing messaging-only phones.*sigh*.  Thanks for reducing customer options AT&T.;So the search began to see what options existed in third party unlocked phones.  The Nokia C3-00 caught my eye largely because it looked very much like my previous QWERTY bar phone, but it also had FM stereo and Wifi capability which had the potential to dramatically improve its day-to-day flexibility.  In addition, user reviews across multiple internet review sites gave it overwhelmingly positive reviews.Before purchase I had some initial concerns about whether or not AT&T; would identify the phone on their network as a smartphone since it uses the Symbian S40 operating system.  AT&T; said the phone's IMEI number is not among their list of smartphone IMEI's.  I've gone through my first billing cycle and can confirm no forced smartphone data plan charges were assessed.As for the phone itself, day-to-day use has been great.  Plugged my SIM card into it from the old phone (Pantech Link) and its worked beautifully right out of the box from day one.  No problems at all.Battery life is typically 3-4 days between charges with moderate texting and several hours of daily FM stereo usage at work.  Better than expected.Wifi works OK, not very speedy, but it does enable access to personal email and MSNBC/CNN at Starbucks.  Just don't expect an iPhone-type browsing experience.  It's basic but gets the job done.  Better than expected.  Note: If you DO opt for a data plan for this phone, bear in mind that it's an EDGE phone, not a 3G phone, so your data transfer speeds under a paid data plan will likely be a little underwhelming.FM stereo works super and is a nice inclusion on a phone at this price level.  Earphone cord acts as the antenna and must be plugged in for reception.  Sounds great, and again, better than expected.Keyboard is typical QWERTY layout.  I found the tactile feedback quite pleasant and was easier to text on it than previous phone.Call quality is very good.  No dropped calls.  I can hear callers loud and clear and they can hear me the same.Nothing bothersome about the texting experience.  It has a conversation mode similar to other phones and it works well.  Only complaint is that individual texts within a conversation will only display the first two lines of the text.  You have to drill into the text to see it fully.  Not terribly annoying, but adds an extra step to the texting process.  I suppose you have to accept some compromises when working with a 2.4 in display screen.Overall, I'd have have to say this has been a terrific phone choice for me.  At $99, it's priced very well, offers expanded feature content and NO DATA PLAN requirement. It's a worthy option to similar carrier-provided messaging phones and a great value. Very happy camper.

a mi esposa le facino este teliefono esta facinada con el me dijo que le pidiera otro  ja ja ja nokia es lo mejor en telefonos.

it has very small screen,video quality isnt good.you can buy better phone with different brand in same price range.i never recomend this phone to anyone

this is  a bad phone, the keyboard was damaged in a short time of use also have a problem with the display backlight. i don't like this phone.Es un mal telefono, el teclado se da&ntilde;o en poco tiempo, ademas tiene un problema con la luz de la pantalla

Was a nightmare to get Facebook and Yahoo chat to get to work on it. Had to goto the ATT people to get it to semi work. Side by side with my BB Torch (Same service provider) No signel on the C3 full signel on the BB.NEVER BUY ONE OF THESE POS'S

Muy buenos equipos y nokia perfectos no tengo ninguna queja los recomiendo muy completas sus funciones, un equipo liviano y facil de usar

I bought this phone with the purpose of using its wifi capabilities in addition to its messaging and call use. However, I was unable to connect to my university's wireless network when I tried. It said "Cannot connect to network. Unsupported security type". Since I'll be spending most of my time in school and the phone cannot connect to the school's wifi, I feel that it is not worth the money and I'm returning the phone back.

I like that Nokia phones are built to last, not like moto's or htc that barely make it a year.  This Nokia is no exception, works perfectly, built sturdy, looks like it will last a while.  The C3 has a metal backing, not cheap plastic, screen is crisp in color.  Phone call quality is very clear.  Everything overall is perfect, and the quality that is Nokia is known for.  The phone does not support 3g or 4g, but does have wifi.  The picture quality is not superb, but that is to be expected in a 2MP.  No matter what, you can't beat a better quality phone for this price.Its so awesome, I bought 2.  Yes, 2, so my husband could have one too.

This phone was a gift to my wife and myself for christmas,  we both had Blackberrys before and now we wanted to change to Nokia because the fee to Blackberry data service is quite expensive in my country.Now, the Phone is not quite as they discribe it, the email es very very slow, you cant read office documents because there is not quickoffice available for this model. The phone lacks of many features that other phones in the same category have.I used to be a Nokia Fan, but after this one... that may change...

OK, well that is what my new C3 Nokia cell phone is, just OK. I have been searching for a replacement cell phone to my old Nokia C3 for a while.I give my old Nokia C3 a 4 star rating.  I don't want a "smart phone" but I do want the ability to get on the internet. My old C3 did not require a "hot spot" wifi to get on the internet, the phone I just purchased does. It does not have the WAP internet configuration on the phone like my old one does. I called AT&T and got no help. (its all about the money, because I did not buy the phone from them). Anyway my old phone still works for internet use, I love to read news from all over the country and all over the world. The old C3 can pick up the internet at times when my wife's I phone can't. I use the new phone for talking mainly, although I do use the hot spot wifi sometimes. You can't do the video or sound thing with these phones but I am not much into that anyway. the phone is sturdy and has easy to use functions. I would recommend this phone for someone who wants more that  a phone but does not want a smart phone with all the gadgets. The music you can store with the  memory card and the radio work good enough.

I love nokia, and this one is perfect for texting, it looks like blackberry, and I've received many compliments on it :)  it didn't come with a memory card though, but I was ok since I had one from my older previous model. I love the shape and size of it, I wish the camera was better quality though cause it only has 2 megapixels and I take a lot of pics of my baby. Battery can lasts up to 6 days! I'm ordering a similar model for my husband since we like simple and practical phones that batteries last and we text a lot :)

The product arrived on time the quality of the product as good as offer, but the functions were limited and not easy to access

With this $100 GSM  phone I can handle emails, read the news, send SMS, and listen to my saved audio files or watch videos on youtube (using WiFi or GPRS connections). That's good enough for me. If you need GPS or 3G, choose the Nokia E5 and pay $100 more. (The only lack of the C3 is the application to hear internet radio that the E5 has).

So far so good. Just received item today and everything was exactly as described online and of course, brand new. Easily put in my former SIM card and got my AT&T contacts and whatnot. Great buy, will update if any problems. Oh yeah the backlight on this phone is in unchangeable. It times out after 5 seconds and the brightness can't be adjusted. The phone is pretty bright in a darkroom when you are going to bed! Those are the only real downsides. The Internet works wonderfully with your home wifi access and so far it is free! Can't believe that I finally now have a, somewhat, &#34;smartphone&#34; except without the data plan! Cool! It really is NOT a gimmick, go figure! Good luck :)

For just as a phone and sending emails this is a great little phone.  I love the qwerty keyboard.  It makes it so much easier to send text messages.  That is the reason I bought this open phone since I am an AT&T customer.  But I can not get it to send and receive pictures.  I keep getting a message on the phone saying mms settings not correct. I have spent hours on the phone and at AT&T store trying to fix this.  I tried calling Nokia but my call was routed to India and those folks don't speak the same English we do and I have trouble talking to them.  Then they really don't know how to fix it. They just read a script written down for them. You can also download Nokia Ovi Suite and sync your phone with music and pictures to use as wallpaper.

I'm using this phone in Afghanistan. Don't have OVI going, but it still does the job. I can get on to wi-fi no problem, and it is crystal clear. I give this phone phone full props. Thanks Nokia.un

I bought this phone for a few reasons:+ full keyboard texting+ e-mail+ rare internet access+ overseas SIM useSo far I've tried all the above features but the last one, and I'll be sure to update the review after testing the int'l SIM.For the most part, what you see is what you get when it comes to features, and there aren't any surprises there.  But there are a few things to note:+ There is NO way to change the screen brightness.  I even checked to see if there are any free hacker apps to enable this, but there are none to be found.+ There is NO way to change the screen timeout function.  If you don't press a button, the screen will go dim and turn off after about 10 seconds.  And yes, this phone does play videos which makes this hardwired timeout just plain dumb.+ Music volume at the absolute lowest setting is still quite loud through my earbuds.  It makes music unbearable after a short time.+ Internet can be excruciatingly slow even at full signal strength.  I'm talking WLAN here... haven't tried over GSM yet, but I can't imagine it's any faster.Overall, aside from a few MIA features, this is a fine phone for certain functions.  I was able to set up my nonstandard e-mail account quickly, and the phone has built in e-mail setup for Gmail, AOL, etc.  The Nokia store has a few free apps as well as pay ones of course.  Because the features are fairly limited, the menu tree is easy to navigate.  And if you DO want to listen to more music than the phone's meager internal memory will hold, there is a handy micro-SD slot for cards up to 8GB.

este telefono no presento fallas hasta ahora no ha presentado ninguna.. buen telefono... es muy eficaz el envio mucha responsabilidad y puntualidad gracias.

This phone was purchased to provide Call In/Out service, with the option of adding other uses later.I did not want a Smart Phone. The phone is great. Long battery life between charges, and not dropping calls are two very important characteristics I was looking for. Adding text and a data plan are possibilities later.I have always had good luck with Nokia phones.

my contract gonna end next summer, so I need an unlocked phone to replace my old phone. when i received this phone i just insert my sim card and it works right away. the keyboard is easy for txting. and the battery can last a week with regular use. and most of all, its not expansive. I love this phone, highly recommend.

I have had one of these exact phones for over 2 years and I'm very happy with it. My wife wanted a new phone to replace her old Motorola flip phone, and I asked her if she'd like to get one like mine. I use Consumer Cellular as my provider, and bought mine from them originally, but they no longer offer this phone, the Nokia C3-00. I tried buying her a Samsung smartphone, but it sucked the battery down in less than 2 days even with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Maps, etc. and other power hungry functions turned off. Also the Smartphone for some reason started using up my very limited data allowance I have with Consumer Cellular. I saw the Nokia C3-00 offered by Amazon as a brand new, unlocked phone for 110 bucks, so I jumped on it. When it arrived, I charged up the battery, put the SIM card in from my wife's other phone, and there it was. The greatest things about this phone are its simplicity and battery life. After charging my own C3-00, I usually get 8 days out of it with moderate use before the battery indicator goes from 4 bars to 3 bars, but I charge it again at 3 bars. The voice clarity is great too. Texting is fairly easy as it does have a QWERTY keyboard with alpha numeric and symbols. We are not big &#34;texters&#34; by any means, and I'm not sure if a &#34;power texter&#34; would like this, but maybe they would. It gets the job done. I did check the warranty status of the phone on Nokia's website, and the serial number came up as &#34;out of US warranty&#34;, but emails back and forth from Amazon customer service says that my Amazon invoice as buying this as a new phone here in the US would cover it as being under warranty. I hope to never have to find out. The phone is brand new; it's just that these phones were produced and sold mainly in 2010 and 2011 I think. I guess this is what they may call &#34;old new stock&#34;?The firmware version of mine and my wife's phone is 3.65, and Nokia's OVI software suite when connected to the phone, says there is no newer version available for the phone. One more thing: both our phones have no obvious Wi-Fi connection choice under &#34;Settings/Connectivity&#34; menus. Love the phone anyway for the pluses I mentioned, and for me, there really are no negatives at all. It has all the features mentioned in Amazon's specs, but for email, I really do not remember seeing a &#34;dedicated email&#34; key, but email is doable under messages where you write a message, and then chose &#34;mail&#34; instead of &#34;number for the intended recipient. It may have been there before I customized the display layout and shortcut key assignments: yes, just checked it, and it is assignable as a shortcut to one of the keys.

I bought the phone with great excitement given all the great reviews, but within 25 days, I returned it, thankfully for a full refund - the reason why the phone gets 1 star in my review. The other star is for how much I enjoyed using the phone's features: the keypad is great for texting, the screen is adequate for a non-smartphone, and the call quality, reception, and battery are fine. The problem with the phone is to do with its tone dialing error: e.g., if you dialed the 1800 number of your credit card company, and then on cue, dialed the 16-digit number of your credit card, then these numbers would just not be recognized by the machine at the other end. I tried this with a number of banks/cc-companies, and for me, this was a deal-breaker because I make international calls using a common network and after I had dialed into the network, I was never able to reach the specific number of the person I wanted to speak to. Now this might well be the problem of an individual unit, but my frustration over several days of trying to figure out what was wrong until finally recognizing - because of some expert friends - that the problems all lay in the handset was enough to turn me off. Be warned!

dropped in water, mud, on concrete...it never dies!!!! great speaker phone, nice design. slim and mean like me. typing keys have nice feel, better than my woman. have nothing more to say...........

The  Battery discharged in minutes even if is on stand by. I can not understand why this happen if I charged correctly the very first time.  Can I use the warranty for This?

My iPhone was damaged to the point that I am unable to repair it, so I decided to get this phone until the new iPhone is released and it works great. The web is a little slow but it does everything I need it to do. This phone is nice enough to keep as a backup when your high end phone dies.

I bought this to use with Consumer Cellular, knowing I would have to change the MMS and Web settings to make it compatible with my carrier.  This phone came with a keyboard designed for Spanish language speakers, which I would not have chosen, and also does not have the programs on it to make it possible to use the internet (no Ovi browser or ability to enter a homepage, etc.)  Spoke with Nokia for almost an hour, and they said to return it and ask for one that has browser capabilities.  It's too bad, too, because I really love the navigation key and Qwerty keyboard.  But if I can't access the internet, what is the point?  So it's going back.

The C3-00 is durable, fits comfortably in my jeans pocket, and has a screen that is clear and readable even in bright sunlight.  The interface is easy to learn - I never had to touch the manual.  It is comfortable to hold while texting.  I didn't realize how wonderful a QWERTY keyboard would be until I had one.  Now I'll never buy a phone without!  It is easy to use the WiFi to browse the web and download content without paying for a data plan.  The layout of the main menu screen is easy to customize with exactly the information you want to see at a glance.  The sound is great and this phone has completely replaced my iPod.

Im from the Bahamas, so this was an unlocked phone that i purchased. It worked beautifully for me, all i did was put in my sim card and that was it. I LOVE NOKIA.

My Nokia C3 is Simply Aaaaaaamazing. I travel with that thing around the entire world. It is compatible with all service providers I ve so far encountered including highly encrypted but super powerful "KGB" Russian Provides Signals and highly primitive, weak, "barely breathing" African ones.The Audio, the Display, the Keyboard are of super quality. Love typing messages on it in any language.  Nokia has great internal antenna, super clear reception and, the last but not least, you can talk and talk and talk on the damned thing forever without recharging it..or perhaps even longer.I even sleep with my Nokia which is not appreciated by my wife.May Jesus bless Nokia!Footnotes:...get yourself here on Amazon an eForCity Skin Case, its costs 40 cents! I found it very useful. It will prevent your Nokia  from being scratched and slipping out of your pocket while running. In Africa I did a lot of running &#61514;. This Nokia is indestructible, although I have not tried shooting it. Not yet. .... Hmmm &#61514;...My Amazon procured Nokia is Brazilian Made and it came with European-prong-type wall charger. Universal to USA adapter was included. Well, here is the problem:  if you plug the charger in to this particular adapter as deep as it goes (flush), ,  you will have poor contact and you may think that your Nokia is not charging.... You must leave a distance of ~1/8 inch (3 mm) between charger and the adapter for the perfect contact.Get yourself Europe to USA Power Plug Adapter; it will cost you 59 cents here on Amazon. This is what I did.:)

Great phone, no complaints. It is unlocked, but takes a little time to get it started. Battery life is what described, about 3 days, which is great. Good sound quality and also perfect on speaker function. Lots of choices and different settings. It works with T-Mobile's SIM card; will catch internet, but TMobile will immediately charge you for that. Easy to type messages; overall pleasant and comfortable to hold in a hand;  good design makes is a pleasure to use.

I chose this rating because the phone isn't working good, whenever i'm on the phone i can barely hear and also the phone came with the menu in spanish language meanwhile i'm not spanish. I'm not recommending this product to no one

I bought this phone while in the Philippines, for like $100.00 US dollars. I love the wifi, and being able to change out the sim card for whatever country I am in while in asia, and even better now that i am back in the states I have upgraded the phones sophware and now have some added apps, and have a pay as u go service plan for 50 dollars a month unlimited txt and call, and web, works even better with the 3G, just love this darn thing, am not on the pc as much now as can do it all through the phone, ok well I still have my pc, gotta play crysis and fsx.

First off I love the phone after I got everything figured out.  Basically all I had to do was pop my sim card out of my existing (AT&T; Customer) phone and I was good to go, sort of! lol  From that point I could call my contacts, send text messages, and even connect to the internet via wifi.  Now the problems I discovered shortly there after was it connected to the wifi but could not go to any webpages because it would time out.  It would not even go to the nokia pre-loaded store icon on the phone.  Well, I could tell that there was settings not configured somewhere because it is unlocked for different carriers and needed at&t; settings entered.  Another problem I encountered was I could send text and recieve them just fine but could not recieve or send pictures with text messages succesfully.  That was aggrevating because I could do that with my old phone just fine, but not this one.  I found the solutions to fix these problems on-line after searching for awhile.  So if you want these problems fixed here they are:MMSMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > Multimedia MsgAccount Name:  AT&T; MMSServer address:  [...]Use pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings- Proxy:  enabled- Proxy address:  [...]- Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  [...]  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateInternetMenu > Settings > Configuration > Personal Settings > Options > Add New > WebAccount Name:  Media NetHomepage:  [...]User name:  leave blankPassword:  leave blankUse pref. Access pt:  NoAccess point settings-  Proxy:  enabled-  Proxy address:  [...]-  Proxy port:  80Bearer settings-  Packet data acc. pt:  wap.cingular-  Network type:  IPv4-  Authentication type:  Normal-  User name:  [...]  (all capital letters)-  Password:  CINGULAR1  (all capital letters)Now go back to the Personal Settings (Personal accounts) > Options > ActivateAfter I did these changes the phone worked like my old one.  Just thought I would pass this info along because you will encounter these problems with at&t; as your carrier.  Overall I would definitely buy the phone again because it is Nokia quality and thats hard to beat in my opinion!!

Is working OK.No problems.Good functionality and Wifi is very useful.The quality of the photos and other camera related extras are not good

Excellent! Recommended! Faster, honestly, new product in perfect conditions! Thank you very much buddy. My mom is very happy for the gift! You really rock man!

Using this phone for nearly 6 months, didn't find any issues.Pros- Battery stays long- Robust(I've put down few times, still working fine)- Qwerty when compared to touch screenCons- Camera pictures doesn't look like 2MP.

This is a beautiful phone. It's easy to use and it has everything a normal people can need. It's no expensive and you can get acostumbred it in a few time. If you are thinking to buy it, do it now, you can be sure you will be happy.

If you are looking for a phone thats primary function is calling and text messaging with a nice amount of entry level features, you might like the C3.  The biggest selling point of this phone, aside from the keyeboard and shiny appearence is the wifi.  For those of us who like light web browsing and don't want to pay for a data plan, wifi is a great addition. This phone does have its little quirks. I cannot send or recieve multimedia messages (I read online that you must contact your service provider to fix this, just haven't gotten around to it) I cannot figure out how to turn the audible email alert off.  After setting up my yahoo mail, everytime I'd get an email (about every 10 minutes) an audble tone rings which there is no option to turn off.Pros: WIFI, music player, micro sd slot, 3.5 mm jack, nice keyeboard, appearance, personalized homescreenCons.  The center metal toggle key is cracked after light use for about a month, freezes sometimes when turning the music player off, mms problems,cannot turn audible email alert off

This phone is bt far the WORST phone I've ever had. My friend's two year old son took it and threw it against the wall, he's not very strong, and the bottom part broke off. I was able to snap it back in place and the phone still worked fine. Two months later I was playing with her son at a park and I had the phone in my back pocket upside-down and the bottom part broke off again and got lost. So then I had a phone that looked really crappy. Later on the buttons on the bottom row started breaking off. Luckily they snapped back in and worked fine. They also got lost. The function key was one of them and it is needed to unlock the phone. So I turned off the auto-lock but kept locking anyway. Soon the speaker on the phone went out and it texted the wrong person. Ex. I texted my boyfriend: Hey can you tell your mom that I can't make it to dinner Saturday. Work stuff. And it sent to my co-worker who totally got the wrong idea. (They have completely different names and area codes). Anyway, this phone is rubbish, don't spend your money.

I had what i expected from vendor. Good service. I got it on time. I just have to use it and enjoy my device.

The Nokia C3 I just purchased on Amazon is quite satisfactory and meets my expectation.First, I play music on it almost the whole day and the battery remains with full bars. It's GPRS /EGPRS connectivity is fast and reliable. The wi-fi connectivity also ensures a faster connection where wireless network is available.The picture quality is really good and the pictures do not occupy much space on disc, making e-mail attachment and uploading of such pictures really fast.

Hi Everyone,I would 've given -ve rating if it's possible. I ordered a new Unlocked Nokia phone from this seller and what I received was totally surprising. First of all it was not an unlocked phone instead it was an AT&T; phone which was in a contract period. Moreover they send the phone inside an plastic envelop with a duplicate battery charger, apparently  without any accessories and manuals.I contacted the seller for the refund then he started giving excuses like you should 've read the details. It was clearly mentioned on Amazon that its a NEW and UNLOCKED phone with all accessories. Somehow I was able to convince him for the refund and shipped the phone back to the seller's address given by the seller himself.Its been more than three months now and I didnt even get a penny back. The seller is saying that he didnt receive it back however I confirmed from the shipping company that it was delivered on the destination on time.I lost my money and still didnt get the phone I ordered. I had to order another phone from some other seller.So guys think twice before you even visit this seller's page on Amazon. Friendly advice to all of you find some other seller. Trust me you dont wanna get into this kinda mess !!I Hope this review would save atleast  some customers from this seller.

IT IS UNLOCKED! At least good for use with T-mobile, but buy it from Amazon directly, not from other marketplace sellers.Sound quality is very good, much better than many other non-musical cellphones.Wifi, qwerty keyboard, 3.5mm sound port are very useful.Look pretty, excellent battery.

ESTE TELEFONO ES INTELIGENTE, ES FACIL SE USAR, NO ES PESASO, TIENE MUCHAS FUNCIONES, LA CAMARA DE FOTOS EN BUENA

It was a great phone, except that the wi-fi was not compatible with our university wi-fi.I liked the size, the weight and the buttons. Nokia reception and call quality was excellent. had no problems using wi-fi at my home, but since I stay all day at my lab, and the wi-fi didn't work there, I had to return it.

This phone is a piece of junk.  I've had other Nokia phones that worked perfectly for years.  This one worked for 5 months and just quit working one day.  Shows it has a full battery, but won't turn on.  Very hard to hear calls when held to ear.  Call clarity is fine when on speaker, but don't always want everyone to be able to hear my calls.

Needed it for internet and calls when abroad.  Was great.  Lightweight and comfortable to use. Didn't use any other features but tested camera and it worked well in normal lighting conditions.

If I can rate this defective cell phone with Zero Star, I would give it Zero-star, but I think my only option is to rate it 1-star. Just like the Prior Unhappy Buyer of this Same device did a few months ago, I have to return this crappy cell phone to the UPS store tomorrow morning (Jan 6, 2012) for a 100% refund. I'll explain below how I know there is a Prior Unhappy Buyer of this defective Cell Phone.Today (Jan 5, 2012), I'm extremely disappointed about 5 minutes after I opened the package. First, I noticed a PRIOR UNHAPPY BUYER returned this piece of crap, defective cell phone in October 2011 (just a few months before me). The "Return due to Defective Product" notice dated in October 2011 was still attached to the package sent to me. The seller is Warehouse Deals, Inc which is a subsidiary of Amazon. The seller Warehouse Deals, Inc must be thinking that if the Nokia C3-00 is defective in one unhappy buyer's eyes, it must not be defective in the next buyer's eyes. HELLO! Defective is defective - it means internally mal-functioning, it's not merely external/superficial beauty in the eyes of the beholder.I have owned several older Nokia cell phone models, so I began testing several functions. Immediately, I noticed that the Right and Left Key (just above the alpha & numeric keyboards) are not responsive when I try to select on-screen options. The only time the Right key works is when switching on/off the device. I gave my benefit of the doubt by pressing the key at different strength: hard, medium and soft, but nothing worked. Then I immediately went to online chat with Nokia online support to explain my problems with this device. The Nokia online support confirm what I know about Nokia devices from my own experience, that it is NOT normal for the Right and Left Key not to be responsive to on-screen selections (in other words, I wouldn't need to press more than 1 key to pick on-screen selections). On all my prior Nokia cell phone, you only need to press 1-key (either the Right or Left key to select your on-screen option).I've had a string of bad luck ordering this Nokia C3-00 unlocked cell phone (a very long story, prior to receiving this defective cell phone, I made at least 3 telephone complaints about an Amazon Rep. called Amit Y. who made unauthorized cancellation on 2 good, valid and in-stock orders without my permission. This is really testing my patience on purchasing electronic devices from Amazon. I am totally disappointed with this device and I will return this crappy defensive cell phone at the UPS store tomorrow morning for a refund.

The look, feel and function are very satisfying. Got it for my wife because she wants to start texting and she loves it.  I just took the sim card from the old ATT phone (the card actually say Cingular so it goes back in time) and plugged it in and everything worked with no problems and no interaction with anybody at ATT. It is unlocked so I didn't have to commit to a contract, just keep paying monthly. I also got it for me to use as our travel phone when going overseas since it is quad band GSM. So far haven't used it for that yet.

I bought this phone to replace my Nokia 6300 (another great nokia phone). No complaints at all! Great connectivity, great photos....another satisfactory product from Nokia

I love the phone's size, the keyboard, the weight. The camera is not good but I knew that going in. I cant get ring tones for it and the reception is horrible even for voice mail. I'm looking again for another phone and its to bad cuz I really liked this one!I wouldn't recommend it:(

Unlocked, Very good speaker, excellent communication performance.The Cam is only 2.0 MP .... when using the net it sends "memory full message"...Reasonable price...... Cannot sent MMSs.

This phone isn't truly a "smart" phone, but then, what makes a phone "smart"? This phone is great for casual users. I always had other professional Nokia phones (E51, E72) and an iPhone, and this phone doesn't compare. But for the E series I was just using phone/text/email anyway, with gmail. For all these basics, this phone excels. Plus, it has a radio and plays music. What more do you really need? Ok, lots of things, but hey, stay within your budget.The only major drawbacks for me are 1) no external volume control and 2) no USB cable included in box. Minor drawbacks include the Nokia software logic & controls. For example, the browser has a "hi5" bookmark that you can't delete. Why not?? And the new ovi browser was downloaded automatically to "games". Huh?  Of course, the higher paid engineers are working on Nokia's better phones.

I got this phone for my brother and it works fine and looks fine.  The phone came with a 2gb microSD card so that is a plus because I didn't know it came with one when I ordered it.  Shipping was within a week so over I am pleased with my purchase.

This was for my son to replace a phone he damaged at work.  He is a college student, but is a foreman for his scene shop, so he's always on call.  He needed a qwerty keyboard because he sends/receives so many texts about things at the theatre, that it's easier.  BUT, due to his job, he's always banging himself (and phone) on wood pieces, metal grating, ladders, etc.  SO a full screen front was out of the question.......that's how he damaged the other one.  PLUS cost was a major factor knowing he'll damage it again, probably.  He liked the fact that on the school wireless he could always check email with this phone, too.  Again, important to his job.  This phone is NOT 3G, it is NOT a smart phone, it is NOT able to access internet/email from anywhere.  Just places where wifi is available (like a college campus).All that said, it fit the bill for him very well.  He likes it thus far, though he's only had it at school less than 2 weeks.  He says it seems fine for what he needed it for.  The reason for 3 stars is just that for MOST folks this won't do as much as they want.However, if you're looking for a smartphone alternative for a college student who is nearly always on the school interface, this works as a very nice inexpensive alternative.

I got my first GSM qwerty phone for free when I renewed my contract in 2010.  It was a touchscreen Samsung with a slide-out keyboard.  Because the phone unlocks if the slider is budged, there was no way to secure the phone from pocket dialing.  While I was camping one night the phone called 911 four times even though I had "locked" it.  I couldn't access my employer voicemail with this phone because it had no hard keys, and the screen keypad presented no pound sign (#) which is needed to get into my voicemail system.  And, if my cheek brushed the screen on other voicemail systems, it would activate a number on the screen causing the message to be deleted, passed, saved, etc.So I paid retail to my provider (GCI) for my next phone, an Alcatel qwerty candybar style phone.  Although I wanted a non-touchscreen phone, GCI only sells GSM texters that have touchscreen menu systems even if they have hard keys for texting and dialing.  This phone had a better locking scheme than the Samsung but it too was regularly defeated in my pocket (but it did not make spurious 911 calls).Both the Samsung and Alcatel are of high quality but I hate them for their touchscreens.So...A couple of months ago I bought the unlocked Nokia C3-00 phone from Amazon.  It is a dream compared to my other phones.  The radio has far better FM reception than the Samsung or Alcatel; the battery lasts WAY longer than my past phones; the menu system is natural, better designed, and faster than the touchscreens; the keypad is easy to see and has a very good touch; the screen quality is bright and clear; and the phone STAYS locked when you lock it.  Call quality is excellent.  WiFi is easy and fast, and I remain happy not to spend an extra $30 per month (PLUS data plan cost) to have a smart phone.Two teensy cons for me with this phone, both cheaply resolved:(1) The back of body of this solidly built phone is slick.  I don't want the phone falling out of my breast pocket or my hand so I ordered from Amazon "Amzer Silicone Skin Jelly Case for Nokia C3 - Black by Amzer" for about $10.  The case slips on perfectly and keeps the phone comfortably secure while I am on a call; and it keeps the phone in one place no matter where I put it down.  It also muffles the Nokia's enthusiastic vibration when I want to be alerted to a call or text but don't want to buzz the desktop.(2) The sound quality of the comfortable and ergonomically well-designed earbuds is muffled-sounding.  So I simply substitute the original earbuds from an old iPod.  They are sufficient for providing the Nokia's superior FM reception and they sound better than the Nokia buds.When my cell phone contract comes up in a couple of months I will take a free phone if I can get the little Samsung ruggedized waterproof phone for when I'm camping or fishing.  But I will keep using the Nokia C3-00 as my primary phone beause it is perfect for my normal pattern of phone usage.

The phone does what it advertised, and I have had for 4 month and still works. Also the phone can take a beating and still work.

Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 2mp Camera, Wi-Fi and more.Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 2mp Camera, Wi-Fi and more.Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 2mp Camera, Wi-Fi and more.Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 2mp Camera, Wi-Fi and more.

This is just a basic Nokia phone with keyboard.. don't expect too much.. it is unlocked and look / operate nice.only EDGE no 3 or 4G.. so you can check your emails .. I got it with prepaid plan and it is fine

So despite some of the negative reviews I still decided to buy the phone and I was disappointed with this purchase. This is my first Nokia. I have been a loyal SE customer for many years and since my C905a broke, I thought why not give another brand a try? Overall, I think I prefer SE models more. Maybe it's because I've gotten so used to them but I think their UI is just more user friendly. However, I have gotten use to this phone and I do like it. I love the fact that it has a lot of smartphone features. The wireless internet is awesome. I don't have to worry about the stupid data plan AT&T makes you sign up for. I like all the many shortcut buttons. So even without the widget bar, I still have access to most of my applications. However, I think it's the luck of the draw. Some reviewers had no problem with this phone but within the first couple of days of using it, it would just freeze up and shut down on me. So frustrating! And video playback sucks. Everytime I would play a video the screen would freeze after just a few seconds. Plus no volume rocker. I knew the phone didn't have one but I didn't realize how much I would miss it! I like to listen to music while I'm doing other stuff on the phone. There's no way to skip to the next song or change the station or adjust the volume other than quitting the application you're doing and going back to your media player. (I guess I'm spoiled from my other SE phones.) I do have my phone settings like ringtones and such set to files on my SD card. And everytime I would take the card out and put it back in, my settings would be reset to the original. What the heck?! So I'm sending it back and because I do like the brand, I'm going to give Nokia one more chance and upgrade it to a C6 and try their touch screen phones now. I'm crossing my fingers that the upgraded model will have gotten most of the bugs out and I won't have the same problems. If not, I think I'll have to go back to my SE roots and give W995a a try instead. So if you're thinking of buying this phone, I would recommending upgrading and getting an E5 instead.

I purchased the Nokia C3 because I did not want a contract and because I did not need a smart device. The phone came with a stereo headset which is high quality and works great. So far I am very pleased with my purchase, the phone sounds great, is very user friendly. The phone is great for messaging or texting, the keyboard works great and the screen has very good resolution. Camera is fine for a phone, battery life seems to be excellent so far. I have no complaints. Just popped in my sim and the phone was up and going with AT&T. Certainly not a smart phone, but for the intended use it is a great buy. I would certainly recommend.

Works great, just like a new phone!This phone is easy to figure out, and the charge lasts quite a while.

This phone arrived just before I left for Italy.  I took it with me, but wasn't able to use it overseas because I hadn't set it up in my plan, however when I returned I used it quite a bit.  I like it, but it's quirky.  I don't text much, but the first time I did, I realized that the punctuation marks were not where the keys indicated.  Press the exclamation key and it actually types quotes, press the question mark key to get left parenthesis, and the apostrophe key yields a question mark, etc.On top of that, I wanted to call the ferry service to make sure I had the time of the last ride home, but it was impossible for me to figure out how to call 1-877-44FERRY.  On my old phone numbers were on letter keys, and it was simple.  With dedicated number keys, 1-0, it was impossible to type in the letters because on my old phone an 'F' is on the '3' key, but on this phone, with the control-key activating the numbers, the 'F' key is on the '4' key; not at all linear, and the 'Y" key is not connected to a number at all.  I was stressed enough that I couldn't pull up a mental image of the old phone's alpha-numeric setup to use.  Bad day at Black Rock, but I got the last ferry back home, anyway.It's too late to request a return, so I'm stuck.  As a phone, it's fine.  I use it occasionally to check my email, and am getting used to its quirks when I send the occasional text.  It's larger than I like, but that's normal for a smartphone.

This phone does everything it is suppose to do...but, I got the Spanish version not the US version as stated.  I have Spanish symbols on the qwerty key pad and had a Spanish only instruction manual.  I tried to submit a complaint but the company only offered to email me the English manual.

I've had this phone about a month and so far I like it.  I really like the fact that you don't have to have a data plan in order to connect to the Internet.  And it doesn't use any of my minutes when I'm connected.  I don't use my phone that much except for texting so I just use prepaid cards.The keys are a little small but luckily my fingers are small so it works out okay for me.  You might have more trouble texting if you have larger fingers.  It's not fancy (though compared to my last phone it is a major step up!) but I don't need fancy.  If you're looking for a decent phone that has a few extra features than just a basic phone, but not a smart phone, I recommend it.

This is an excellent cell phone. I would recommend it. WiFi works very good. It has a nice and clear screen.

I purchased this phone on the fly when my touchscreen of two years became "untouchable." I loved the fact that it resembled a Blackjack, but without the price. For a few days, it was fine. Then this little phone developed a mind of its own...The best thing I can say about this phone is the Nokia Ovi Suite is very handy for backing up all pictures, music, contacts, etc. Since multitasking with this phone is impossible, the Ovi Suite came in handy for texting via computer while I was on a call. While the phone does take good pictures, sending more than one at a time often caused the phone to "black out." The screen would go white and quite often I would have to turn it off and back on to resolve this issue.The phone memory is virtually nil. Almost daily I would have to delete messages or pictures or video to free up phone memory, even though I had a 4-gig micro-sd card in the phone. And I couldn't see or hear over half the items on my memory card, as the phone didn't recognize them.The web browser is a joke. Surfing is pointless, as the phone will pull up certain websites after a ridiculously long load time, then stop before I could access anything I needed to see, i.e., my bank site, email, etc.This is the ideal phone for someone who doesn't use a phone for more than calls or simple text - although on more than one occasion, when texting with more than one person at a time, the messages began to intermingle with one another. One person's texts and responses would have another person's name on them.I went through two of these phones, thinking the first was just an isolated lemon, but the second one was as bad or worse. This one is not Nokia's best work. It does not support a 3G sim card and performance is beyond limited. To put it bluntly, this phone sucks.

Read lots of reviews and looked at other unlocked GSM phones and finally decided this offered the most features, ease of use, and reliablity for the money. Reviews about it seeming cheap and materials light don't seem accurate to me. I guess if I were holding an I-Phone to compare, it would be different!lol Nokia is a great company and the OkiSuite software download makes updating contacts a breeze. Also, using on T-Mobile with no issues. Just put in my SIM card and updated MMS and email settings. The Wi-fi feature is great for a phone at this price. Why pay for a data plan when you can connect free at home, hotels, and hotspots? Lastly, in my search, Qwerty keyboard was a must and I haven't been disappointed.



I gave this two stars because this phone is being sold as an unlocked GSM phone however the phone was packaged with a 'Rogers pay as you go'booklet.Therefore the phone was recieved locked. Communication with the seller the OEM shop was not helpful and eventually after six days when prompted they replied that they did not have a code and I could return it if i wanted.

Llego en el tiempo pautado, buen articulo, en perfecto estado 100% liberado me funciona bien en Venezuela, sin problema alguno

The Phone is dead. When i start it it switches off immedietly.The phone had some issues when i got it 3 months ago - like the WiFi would not connect, but then i kept it because i loved the wake up alarm. But now it has gone dead in 3 months.To add to it, the Nokia warranty guys are not returning calls or emails. They had me fill out a warranty replacement form and said some one would get back, but it has been 2 weeks and no news.I would recommend everyone to stay away from this phone and possibly Nokia too.

buen celular myuy buen precio y preciso en el tiempo que lo solicit&ntilde;&eacute; gracias por ponerlo en venta lo recomiendo

I love this phone, of all the high tech phones out there I love this one. It last a very long time after much abuse, the battery life id excellent and the phone overall is a good phone.

The phone is light and has great battery life. The screen is clean and easy to read and the buttons are great if you text a lot (not like the Samsung phone I replaced with this one.) The camera is as expected, just a novelty, don't expect to get good pics, just mediocre. I like the phone ok, no real issues. The thing is that I don't think, for me, it is worth the price. I would rather pay a little more and have more functionality. This phone is pretty basic and the price is not bad, but again, I am going to apply my refund to something with more features, like touch screen and a larger screen. Really, I'd like something I can download apps AND have the great functionality of a Nokia, so gonna search for something that fits my need and my budget, but for me, this phone wasn't it.

El C3 de Nokia es una peque&ntilde;a joya para quien se inicia o quiere experimentar un smartphone (como lo es el caso de mi hija de 11 a&ntilde;os). No tiene la potencia de un iPhone o Blackberry (de rango medio) pero hace su trabajo. Se conecta a Internet por EDGE o Wi-Fi, toma fotograf&iacute;as a la luz del d&iacute;a de buena calidad y sirve de reproductor de m&uacute;sica.

This cell phone is just ok. Really. It has a reasonable amount of the features most smart phones has. It does not have a good camera or flash. The keyboard worn out after three months. But the worst is having to deal with NOKIA customer service. I had such a bad experience, which contrasts so much with the experience I had with Nokia customer service in Europe.

I know its old, but I use this phone when I travel to South America. Functions great I've had it for several years, much better than the crap basic phones they try and give you on verizon/att and whoever else.

I've had other Nokia phones and are good quality so I had no doubt and I found him nice with many options to use and inexpensive. I like. Yes, I recommend

Great battery life, good sound reception.I use it for phone and text only: no multimedia, etc...Very reliable.  I drop it all the time, and it still works.  I may buy another one just to have as a backup.  Nokia is the best, will never buy another brand.

BUENOS  DIAS,  POR  FAVOR  LE  AGRADEZCO  ME  ENVIE  LA  FACTURA  NO  HE  PODIDO RECIBIR  EL  PAQUETE  ES  UN  REQUISITO  EN  LA  ADUANA.  LE  AGRADEZCO ME DE UNA  RESPUESTA LO ANTES POSIBLE.  GRACIAS.

I've had this phone for about a month now.  I like it a lot.  It doesn't have 3G capability but I don't really need that.  I looks very nice and feels durable.  The keyboard is much easier to use than my previous phone.  I read several reviews that said multimedia messaging is unavailable for AT&T customers.  That's not true.  You just have to set some options on the phone that you can find on AT&T's website.  Also, several people said the phone had horrible reception.  My phone did as well, until I got the software upgrade that is available from Nokia.  I used a wireless connection to download the upgrade.  Now the phone works great.  The only thing I haven't been happy with is I can't seem to download apps from the Nokia App store.  There are lots of apps that show up as available for the phone until you try to download them.  Then they say they are not compatible with the phone.  I can live with that.

I always appreciated Nokia products. This phone does what it is supposed to do and with style. The only thing I wished it came with a hard cover w/belt hook holder.

This is an awsome device , a fantastic phone for any non-data user. Wi-fi is really good , texting is good , battery life is undeniable good too...The only disappointment for me is the phone does not support Nokia map & gps but Google map is working fine.

i gave this phone 5 stars because i bought it in the states and it works great in egypt. i just put in the local sim card and i was good to go. no complaints at all. the battery life is awesome and so are the colors and the sounds. i highly recommend it to people who want to text, use the internet, listen to music etc...it is a nice looking/solid phone! glad i got it.

I bought this Nokia Phone because I had aonther one but this one must have been defective, the battery does not pop out, so even with tools could not work that out. So I returned the phone, it was impossible to get the battery out to change sim cards. I mainly buy unlocked cell phones not only to use in the USA but outside the country, so the battery has to be easy to remove to reach the sim card and change it, sometimes I have to do it between planes. Other than that the phone was nice and the seller nice to deal with.

Bought 2 of these Nokia C3-00 phones.  Neither one was fully unlocked.  They had  phone, text and camera capabilities but NO multi-media functions what so ever with AT&T sim cards. Had each phone examined by AT&T and by an independent cellular specialist and was told, "NO, these phones are NOT fully functional with AT&T and cannot be fully unlocked because AT&T never sold or supported this model." Phones have been returned and I am awaiting refunds.

The phone is pretty good it covers the basics regarding mail, internet and sms. The only problems i have so far its that when i got it the screen have around 10 pixels that don't work, also from time to time i have to turn it off an on again coz the app for communities is stuck and doesn't work. But besides that the phone is a good deal for the price

Couldn't find a phone with Wi-Fi for under $200 in The Bahamas but this one is awesome. It is quick, light-weight and easy to use. I had an LG Cookie which was touch screen and the calibration seemed to be a bit off so I thought "Let me just stick to the old model $50 nokia that I got when I was back in high-school" Then I found THIS nokia! Same great brand with newer apps and features. I'm in love with my new phone &lt;3 !!

Very pretty smart and tough, I hope to continue shopping at amazon, nokia in my country is very cozy, country Ecuador, all in pretty good order, the packaging of the cell, one that should send packing boxes smaller .. please, there isn`t micro sd, incluye micro please

I bought this phone from unlockedcellphonekings and all was good until the phone stopped working.  The volume for incoming and outgowing calls all of a sudden was very low, could barely hear anything even set on the highest setting.  What is the point of a phone if you cannot hear the person on the other end?  It's useless!!  The signal reception is very low even in places where I used to get 4 bars.  Of course, this happened a few days after the 30 days return period had expired so unlockedcellphonekings does not accept a retun and won't refund my money.  I contacted nokia.com to have the phone fixed under the warranty it came with.  Imagine my surprise when I found out that the phone no longer has US warranty.  When looking closer to the warranty card the phone came with, it is for phones bought in the Carribean.  Now unlockedcellphonekings does not return my emails and amazon.com does not want to refund my money because it is not within the 30 day return period policy.  So, I'm stuck with a bad phone that has no warranty after 40 days of purchasing it.  I thought I would be protected from crooks if I buy things from amazon.com but I was sooo mistaken.  THIS IS FALSE ADVERTISMENT ***STAY AWAY***

I don't care to pay for a data plan and needed a phone for talking and texting. I've had this phone for a little over a year now. I have found it to be extremely tough and reliable. I have dropped it accidentally many times without a problem. The sound quality is great, including the speakerphone. Bluetooth works flawlessly with my Subaru. Texting works very well; I love the QWERTY keyboard. Battery life is fabulous - I only charge up about once a week or less.Cons would include the following: the number buttons are small, so dialing a number is hard to do without looking closely at the phone. I'm not that bothered by that because I tend to call the same people again and again, who are saved as contacts. The web browsing is a joke. You have to float the arrow around with the up/down keys. After trying it once, I decided that I didn't care about that. I have an iPod which is perfect for utilzing WIFI.If what you want is a great, tough phone for talking and texting, with outstanding battery life, this is the phone for you. I bought it unlocked from Amazon and popped in my AT&T; sim card. It worked from day one without problem. Thanks, Amazon!

When I first bought this phone to use in the Philippines it's in english and I really like it. It's easy to use then I gave it to my nephew. I bought this phone again last year 2012 to give to my brother in the Philippines and it's not in english plus the charger looks used. So I returned it.

Es un celular de gran calidad a muy buen precio.. tiene todo lo basico y necesario para el dia adia.. lo unico es q no levanta 3G y no posee controles de volumen a los lados q son muy necsarios para mi..

I bought this phone after having owned a Nokia E63. This model is newer but has less options than the E63. Nevertheless it's a smartphone where you can keep your calendar, make to-do notes and the most important for me it can synchronize with Microsoft outlook. It's cheaper than the E63 and can do less. for example the phone isn't capable of running more application at once. I guess that has to do with the memory of the phone. Another great feature is the fact that you can put up to 8GB memory card in the phone, which gives you a lot of storage room for music, files, etc. It has a sleek look, fit's good in your hand and makes a sturdy impression. The Nokia C3-00 is a great phone for beginners (people who have never owned a smartphone), people who are not very handy with all these technological things and also teens. I say teens because it gives a lot of room for things like social networking, pimping your favorite contacts and putting them on your screen with picture and all, keeping your mail and Facebook close (also on the screen). And best of all for me was the price. When looking at other Nokia smartphone models like the E-series you see a real price difference. Overall the phone was well worth the price I payed.

Got the phone, inserted AT&T; SIM card from my older phone and it has worked perfectly since.Holds a charge for over 4 days unless I use WiFi or data transfer via cable (bought separately) for too long.WiFi works perfectly both at work on a public network and at home on my own wireless network.

I ordered it for my gf and she loves it!It is almost 6 months she has got it and the phone works great.I don't live in the USA and it works in a foreign country.it comes with 2 GB chip, charger, white cover skin, battery and guide. just insert your sim card and turn it on :)on amazon you can also buy all the parts: screen, keyboard ect. and replace them.

Got this phone as my Nokia E5 was not starting up with error "Start up Failure. Contact the retailer".Being a user of E5, C3-00 is a downgraded phone, but I found that it is behaving extremely well and Screen is better than E5.It took me a week to get used to the Qwerty Keypad, but now it is smoothly under my control.Finally, its only for a week I used this phone and only for call and text. I will give more update as I keep on using other features of the phone.---Update 10/29Using the phone for long time now it looks like a wonderful phone except the 3G option.I text a lot and Conversation style makes life easy and simple to handle. Doesn't have multiple Alarms but that can be set up in the Calendar reminders.Battery life is amazingly good, inspite of high usage it goes to three days without charging. If you are using it less, battery can stay for long!No shortfalls till now except missing 3G.

I bought this phone for my daughter and we are happy with the purchase.We are from the Commonwealth of Dominica in the Caribbean and her SIM card worked instantly in the phone. She is excited by all the features that the phone has and all the apps that she can download. Great phone.

I really love this phone it's very easy to use, it is not a smartphone but is perfect for the use that I need...

I bought three of these (non-Amazon purchase) phones for the family and they love them. I am writing this to inform the public who are having trouble configuring their phones for texting pictures or sending videos. I talked to a representative at the AT&T Corporate Center Store and chatted on-line through my AT&T account. The result is that you must have some type of a data plan to transmit the picture or video. I ask if the phone could be configured for the free pay-as-you-go feature in which the multimedia messaging uses the data plan but you will not be billed for the transmission. I was told that they have no way of knowing how to go around the AT&T network system. I conclude that you must have a data plan, but the use of data transmitted through the multimedia messaging will not go against your data plan's usage. This will occur when you are web surfing. If anyone out there can accomplish this differently, I sure would like to know. Now back to the phones, I bought silicone cases and a leather case for these phones and these products fit great. These items were purchase through Amazon.

I purchased this phone as a replacement for a broken touch screen phone.  I was afraid the buttons being so small would present a problem because I have large hands but I have a no trouble texting or dialing out.  This phone does everything I need it to do.

I have to admit I was a little skeptical about buying this phone,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,But after reading the mostly good reviews I decided I'd give it a try........No regrets............This little one is better than it seems Wifi is by far the best feauture. But it doesn't stop there. Easy to navigate.....Excelent view of webpages.............Only downside it is not a touch screen.....But Hey .......For that price You can't really have it all......Bottom line Great value for the price.

I love this phone very easy to use and works great. The only problem was to set the MMS and internet that AT&T and Nokia could not help,but once I found the setting for it then everything works and running well. this phone well worth the price. When you buy this from Amazon read the reviews and you'll see the instruction on how to set the MMS and Internet, is all in there.

the phone is great for basic using, keyboard is awesome, screen is big but not very high quality but it is cool, sound, music, s40 OS, everything works great, the phone feels very nicethe only bad is the camera, it sucks, even with good light it sucks, it's like vga res upscaled to 2mp, it just sucks even on last FW,that aside the phone is great

This is like a Tale of Two Cities - it was the worst of times, it was the best of times.  The phone is great.  It has good sound quality, useful features, good fit-and-finish.  The speakerphone works exceptionally well.  I searched around for a decently priced phone (you can get this unlocked for $120 shipped) that could sync my contacts, calendar and task list, would work as a tethered modem, could link to an email account and had web access.  This is what I ended up with.The down side is that the sync software offered by Nokia is total crap.  DO NOT use the Ovi Suite software if you need to sync your Outlook data - it has a nasty habit of overwriting your Outlook data file. If you are lucky, it will just create a mess.  If you are unlucky - well, I hope you backed up your data lately.  Much less problematic is Nokia's PC Suite - it is the predecessor to Ovi Suit.  It too has problems (I could only get it to sync 30 contacts at a time) but it is much less buggy.  The down side to PC Suite is that Nokia is abandoning its support/updates for this software.  Right now, there are plenty of forums that provide good answers to common problems.If this phone does not have the features you want go to phonescoop.com and click on the "phone finder" link.  It is a GREAT time saver.  You put in the features you want it it will spit out a list of all phones with your criteria.

This is an excellent 3g phone and a great value at $50. We use it on the T-Mobile network but because it is not a standard T-Mobile phone it only runs at 2g speeds. Great little phone for calling, texting, email and surfing the web. I would purchase it again.

Good looking phone but the original theme looks ugly. I Download a new theme on internet and now its perfect...No usb cable nor sd card with the phone though...

I wanted a great phone that I could use on my motorcycle as an I pod, and have wifi so I don't have to have a data plan. This works so good on my bike, has great sound, and volume is also just as good. After some of the reviews I wondered about the wifi and controls, took me an hour playing with it and getting my settings right but I had no problems and absolutely love this phone so far....

I can't overstate how good a device this is for the money.It's speedy, responsive, and versatile.  I came to this from a full-fledged smartphone and didn't feel like I was missing much; I still got to use my major smartphone apps like Google Maps, Whatsapp, Facebook, and Gmail.The build quality is excellent; I've had many people mistake it for a Blackberry or similar.  It *looks* much more expensive than it is.  And since it's a relatively inexpensive purchase, you don't need to coddle it as you would, say, an iPhone or high-end Android device.  What's more, it's rugged.  I drop my electronics on a daily basis, and the C3 is none the worse for wear after about a month of use.Battery life is good.  I can unplug the phone Monday morning and not have to charge it again until Wednesday night, and that's with heavy use.  It should get you through a weekend without charging no problem.The camera is a paltry 2 megapixel affair, but it is capable of some surprisingly nice-looking shots.  More than adequate for posting to Facebook or similar.I use the phone with a T-Mobile SIM, and I get as good a signal as I have with any device save the (much more expensive) Nokia N8.Pairing this with a prepaid plan is a great way to get a very capable device for very little coin.

its a good average phone. nokia should ship it with a microsd card. battery is good. came for 3 days with average use

Easy WIFI and keys are placed in right positions. Clear interface as usual from Nokia. Pity that Nokia is not that good in smartphone market. I love Nokia !!!!!!!!!

This is a great phone.  I use T-Mobile prepaid minutes, and I can log on to wifi at work, at home, and in hotspots and read my email for free.  Much easier to set up than other more expensive smartphones.  Most operations are very intuitive. Excellent battery life.  I turn it off at night and one battery charge lasts 5-6 days.After one year of use, I am still very happy.  Long battery life, ability to use wifi in coffee shops and airports,  intuitive software setup, it's all good.  Not only would I buy this phone again, I am going to buy one for my wife.Update: my wife loves the phone, commenting on how easy it is to text (in Estonian!)

After 1 month of having this phone i'm really happy with it. This phone is excellent! It has a good battery life. It has wifi connection, which helps a lot because i don't want to be paying a monthly data plan. As of right now I recommend it to everybody!

I wanted to like this phone, I really did.  In fact, after buying the stripped down version that is offered as a GO Phone, I decided that I really wanted the full-up version (with wi-fi), returned it, and bought this phone from Amazon.I happily played around with various features until the first problem showed up.  While there is an icon for the OVI store on the phone, and you can use to phone to go to the OVI store, you can't buy anything from it!Secondly, in the three days that I had this phone, over 50% of the time I could not use the phone as a phone!  It kept dropping the network.  Sometimes, I could get it to log back in by turning the phone off and on, but sometimes not.  Sometimes, the icon was gone, showing me at a glance that the phone was not logged into the network, but sometimes the icon WAS there even though the phone was not logged in, as it would tell me if I tried to make a call.I have returned the phone and am waiting on a refund.So, in short, you have here an app device that you can't buy apps for and a phone that you can't make or take calls with.  Not ready for primetime, eh, Nokia?

I bought this phone because I wanted a phone with a QWERTY keypad. I am with T-Mobile and I have a no contract plan. The phones they were offering with the prepaid were not that great, so I began looking for a nice phone with the features I wanted without having to pay an arm and a leg. Sim card went right in and I had no interuption in service. The phone is great for texting, has games, and even allows you to get on the internet.I did have one prob. Initially I could not receive or send picture and video messages. However, I called T-Mobile and they were able to resolve the issue for me.So I am very pleased with this phone. I am glad I made the purchase. Looks like a high dollar phone for not so much money. Love it!

This is a neat phone to have only that it was the wrong phone I needed; it doesn't have the &#34;Mail for Exchange&#34; feature which I needed for work.

The phone is amazing, it does everything I wanted, web, mail,etc..The keyboard is awesome, wireless works like a charm. It arrived in great condition, This phone is very easy to use, just take it out of the package put your card on it and that's it. It is better if you have a micro SD card, the memory of the phone gets full very fast.

I really like the phone, looks great, sound is great, quick learning curve, but the battery life sucks. I put it on the charger before bed and it doesn't even completely charge after 6 hours of non-use. Then the battery is almost dead after a couple of hours of non-use off the charger. Not sure if it's just a bad battery from the supplier or the design of the phone itself.Not sure why the first time I sent a review in it said 'A kids review' I'm 48 years old!** Update Feb 19,2011 **The battery that came with the phone continued to get worst, to the point that if I wanted to make a call that would last 10 mins or so, I would have to plug it in and use it as a corded phone. I picked up a battery at battery+ and the new battery works well, but added another $35 dollars to the cost of the phone.

This is by far the best of utility phones that i've seen in market. Cant ask for more if Qwerty, Wifi, Internet and lot of other features are bundled in a reasonable price. Though the camera is only 2MP, the pictures are remarkably clearer and more detailed than other phones (I had a Nokia 7210 earlier, it had 2MP too)

This phone will get no service at all for hours on end. That's in the middle of a city. My three-year old little Samsung doesn't have this problem when sitting in the very same spot. This phone is very nice looking, and it's comfortable to hold. But it's completely unreliable when it comes to making calls, sending texts, or doing anything else a phone should do.UPDATE: Apparently my SIM card was too old and worn for this phone. Getting a fresh SIM card resolved all of these issues. I now love this phone!

Nokia C3-00 Unlocked Cell Phone with QWERTY, Dedicated E-mail Key, 2 MP Camera, Media Player, WLAN, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Slate)

I am a college student who was in desperate need of a new cell phone after my old one stopped working. Because of that I wanted to buy a phone truly worth the money, and one that would last.For someone who isn't willing to pay for 3G service, but still wants internet, and a modern looking phone, THIS is the perfect cell phone. Phones like this are very hard to come by because most do require data packages (the ones considered smartphones anyway). I can't say how it compares to a smartphone having never owned one, but for someone like me it's perfect.- QWERTY keyboard is well spaced, text messaging capabilities are wonderful- WIFI! Can I stress how important this is? It's probably the best feature of the phone. Wi-Fi is pretty much everywhere nowadays, so why buy a smartphone when you can get a phone with Wi-Fi capabilities for a much lower price, and without having to buy a data plan?I've had it for about 3 weeks now and I have absolutely no complaints. The battery lasts about 3-4 days and that's with a good number of hours using it (mostly texting or listening to music).So if you want to buy something definitely worth the money that not only functions great but LOOKS great, this is the phone for you. Best $120 I ever spent!

i really liked my phone and so did someone else,they just stoled my phone ihad to purchase a new phone

Wow, Nokia finally hit it right. This is a great phone although it dosen't have the modern G4 speeds. That's a best kept secret. It makes for longer battery life because it isn't always searching for the high speed port. The WIFI is smple and easy to get up and going. I have fairly large fingers and the qwerty keyboard is not that hard to maneuver. Texting is now much simpler as is email and messaging.Best of all it is very user friendly and easy to get what you want out of it. Nokia backs it pretty well with lots of free apps and games. I will finally retire my RAZR for this one.This is the one if you have previously given up on battery life and basic functionality.

The purchase of my phone was excellent just had a little problem when the goods arrive at the miami dierccion empty box came quick fix but everything you gave me really answer immediately all his service is very good thank you very much

Firstly, it's a great price for an unlocked phone that can be used with AT&T;, TMobile, prepaid, and any other GSM (SIM card) service providers worldwide. I'm not going to repeat the technical specifications. It is very light, portable and has excellent battery life. You can talk for a really long time. Make sure to turn off WIFI when it's not being used. This phone is perfect for everyday use, or as a backup or a second phone. I love the FM radio.It also makes a decent gift.I would recommend it over any carrier branded phone. It is always cheaper in the long run to get an unsubsidized phone.

It's great. I love the color and design. The only bad thing about it is that sometimes the on-screen menu stops working and it doesn't display whatever app I have there. I have to turn off the phone and then turn it back on so it works.

I'm on a contract with T-Mobile, and I wanted to get a new phone while still on the contract, so I initially got the Nokia C1-01, which I bought from Amazon as well, however I didn't have access to picture messaging nor internet. I thought that for $120 on Amazon, that the Nokia C3-00 was a steal that combined a good amount of features like wi-fi and EDGE network access and custom shortcuts balanced with a reasonable and frugal price, so I got it.When the phone arrived, it was as simple as just swapping the SIM cards (as it usually is with any GSM phone, and some newer CDMA phones) from my old phone with the Nokia C3-00; I still wasn't able to use picture messaging, but I was sold on the Wi-Fi, the EDGE network support and the Mail and Contacts custom shortcuts.I started doing some occasional internet browsing with the phone; while not all websites are available or nicely viewed on the phone, Google Mobile adapted most of the webpages to be viewed with the phone. While on Wi-Fi I was able to attain speeds of 1500 kbps (kilobits). The phone was UNLOCKED !!!! I was finally going to be able to run Gmail and Google Maps without having to get a Blackberry or an iPhone, and it did so beautifully (read the instructions on how to use Google maps, otherwise you'll be a little frustrated when trying to pan in/out and zoom in/out the map).One good day TMOBILE sent me an update, and the phone did ask me if I wanted to apply the update, but I must have pressed the wrong key and it applied the update which rendered my phone unable to do all the nice things that it was able to do before: I was left with a boring gray background, only the Nokia ringtone left to choose, the custom shortcut keys no longer worked (couldn't even choose something else for them to do), and clicking on the browser did nothing.To cut a long story short, I called Tmobile asking them why they were sending updates to my phone...they were not aware. They told me that they couldn't provide me with much support since I had bought the phone from somebody else...that's perfectly understandable.I was however expecting good customer support from Nokia and they failed to deliver: I called a total of 5 times that solved nothing, and in between those calls, Nokia would advice every time to contact T-Mobile to provide me with values to access the web..I just couldn't get them to understand that it was the applications that failed to respond. I was asking to return the phone to its factory OS condition. They got me to update the phone from OS version 4 to 8, but did nothing either.I am looking now at going to some sort of Android OS phone....Symbian is just dead and you can't get as much info.The phone itself is a nice one, but since I assume that you'll be buying it to run on either AT&T; or T-Mobile, I just wanted to warn you about what could happen to you, and complain about the poor Nokia support

I bought this phone for over six months for use in Venezuela and until now I'm very happy with its performance: it is very easy to use, economical, quick Internet connection and the battery lasts several days despite continuous use ... I give a rating of 5/5 ... Thanks Amazon and Nokia .. J. Brice&ntilde;o

Great little phone for calling and texting. The keyboard is very comfortable even for people with larger hands. Can sync contacts/etc with Outlook. The home screen is easy to customize and there are plenty of buttons to assign custom shortcuts to. Does all of the basics and does them well, without the bells and whistles.If you are looking for a replacement phone without signing a new contract, I would definitely recommend this one.

It's goodlooking phone. Quality production: back cover made of aluminium. High contrast display, loud speaker. Very positive QWERTY-keyboard.Simple menu.But alarm clock only one.

Me gusta el telefono llego a venezuela en buen estado.1. funciona para todas las operadoras.2. la caja original de nokia no fue abierta nunca.3. le funciona todas las teclas.4. el sistema operativo funciona muy bien.

I am thoroughly impressed with this phone. I purchased this phone while in Afghanistan and the shipping was amazingly fast and in sound shape. I love the size of the keyboard. Pros - Excellent battery life.- Good Network and WiFi embracement.Cons - Few settings

this was my first buy on amazon and i was surprised the service and quality, i am very happy with this product

If you really want a phone like a blackberry, but without having to spend an extra 20 bucks a month for BBM, this is a great phone!My only gripe is with Amazon who lowered the price on this phone by 15 dollars, an HOUR after I recieved it. Not cool Amazon, not cool.

I got this phone as a gift to my father, it has everything he's been looking for. Honestly a useful phone for a fair price.GSMQWERTY KeyboardMemory card slot (microSD up to 8GB)WLAN  Wi-Fi 802.11 b/gBluetoothUSB conectorCamera2 MPEmail, Push EmailWAP 2.0Social network integrationOrganizer

For $100, you get most of the basic features a phone which can cost anywhere from 2-6 times as much has. It's not the ultimate mobile computing experience, so if that's what you're looking for then you need to look elsewhere. Personally, I look for my laptop. Anyway, two major features which smartphones have that this phone lacks are a GPS and office document support. Google SMS directions can substitute for a GPS, if you're in a bind. But if you need office documents you probably shouldn't be looking at this phone.It makes up for this in other ways, though. Its battery life is amazing. With data always on and a constant stream of SMS, it lasted 9 days for me. It's more battery life than I need, actually. That may be the only area where this phone goes above and beyond. And while S40 has terrible support for applications, it is probably the most stable phone OS available, which is good because I find the idea of a phone crashing to be ridiculous. But in practical terms this means the phone is very reliable.What more is there to say? Unlike many "phones" these days, it has a real keypad and it assumes that when you dial numbers your plan is to call someone.  This phone is not going to make you throw away your digital camera or your computer, which is just fine with me because I don't think a phone can replace those things. On the other hand, this phone has plenty of amenities and it won't hang you out to dry either.

I purchased this unlocked cell phone to use it in Mexico and it works great! The internet is pretty basic and a little slow but is great for recieving and sending emails. Texting is very nice with the qwerty keypad. Glad I purchased this phone becuase is been very handy sending and receiving emails in Mexico.

This phone works great. The battery last forever and it has all the features I need. It was a little bit of work getting picture messaging to work with att but after googling it and going thru the steps it works great.

Excellent phone. I like it. It was a gift for my mom. It work on movistar very good and it`s easy use it.Very good!

Nokia C3-00 Unlocked Cell Phone with QWERTY, Dedicated E-mail Key, 2 MP Camera, Media Player, WLAN, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Slate)I returned it due to poor volume

Let me begin my review by saying I have had all types of phones: brick, flip, Android & iPhone smartphones, and I always come back to Nokia. The C3 in particular has been my favorite. I realized after trying everything that all I really needed was a basic phone to make calls, send texts, and that would not be an energy hog requiring additional chargers in the car, office, home, etc. I also needed the flexibility to roam internationally and thus needed a multi-band GSM phone.Pros:Excellent battery life;Screen easy to read, large/vibrant for a basic phone;Full keyboard with raised buttons that illuminate;2.0 MP camera;FM radio;Great call quality and signal strength;Multi-band and unlocked for international roaming;STURDY, metallic back, heavy, no need for a case or protective cover;Wifi (not the fanciest web browser or at all comparable to a smartphone but it does work in a pinch).Cons:Limited choice of ringtones/themes/wallpapers;The speaker on the phone is quite sensitive, and many people whom I speak with say that my phone picks up all background noises and amplifies them;Software bugs--the "conversation view" of text messaging, while in theory is a cool feature, does not work properly despite software updates. The messages themselves are linked to the wrong sender. Avoid using this feature and just read messages from your inbox or sent box.And that's pretty much all I can think of! For $100 you can get a brand new, high-quality phone that is great for even heavy texters, and no need to spring the additional $20-30 a month on a data plan. **Note: The only thing that may present a problem is that because this phone is unlocked, you will need to sort out your data/MMS/internet settings with your carrier. On my phone, I only activated MMS (through AT&T; tech support, but you can also find online) and disabled data for the other features, so I would not incur any additional or surprise charges.**

El tel&eacute;fono lleg&oacute; en el tiempo ofrecido. Es bonito, elegante, practico y f&aacute;cil de usar. Lo compre por un precio bajo. Su funci&oacute;n wifi es lo mejor que tiene, hasta los juegos son practicos. Me encanta este tel&eacute;fono. Lo recomiendo. Lo &uacute;nico malo es que no trajo cable usb

I needed a texting phone that did not require a data plan.  I also needed a Nokia as they have the best antenna and can get out when other cell phones can't.  Buyer beware!  This phone is very difficult to use. It locks after a few seconds of non-use and that can't be turned off!  The screen goes dark after only a few seconds of non-use and that too can not be changed.  It literally took hours to figure out how to use this phone.  An example:  I needed to find the call log.  After searching forever I finally stumbled across it under contacts.  Now that makes sense, why didn't I think of that.  The same problem occurred when trying to change the ring tone. Don't bother looking under settings.  The only good thing about the phone is that it does get out almost everywhere.  And..... no data plan required.

This Cell Phone is the best thing Nokia to Made. Phone of this quality do not currently. I wanted to buy the same phone but they sell very expensive and there are few options. the current price is more than double that buy, this is a phone that sounds good has excellent signal so I can use it anywhere in my home. It is excellent I recommend it.

The overall functions and durability of the phone are fine.  It has a loud ringer.  At times it is hard to hear a caller when ear is up against phone.  Big reason I'm giving this a lower rating is that the keys on the phone are to small and often when pressing one button, my fingers land on two.  The button are hard to see.  At night the buttons light up AFTER you touch one button.  I have dropped the phone several times and it works just fine.  This phone was not bought for internet use.  Make sure to keep that in mind.

Execelente equipo. todo llego en buen estado. funciona aqui en venezuela con las tres operadoras. compacto, resistente y manejable.Otro gran telefono de Nokia.

Perfect condition, enjoyed it from the moment i opened the box. i have had no problems with this product and it came with all the stated accessories.

good product, although i had a little issue because of the wifi..... but overall was a good expirience greetings from veneuela

If you know what you are getting, then this phone will pretty much keep you satisfied. If you are expecting full feature smart-phone capabilities, then you will be very sorry. One shouldn't expect all those feature for this price. Fair enough?- WiFi for under $100? Wi Freaking Fi!!! No phone to my knowledge at this price range has that. Useful to check my email and do some light informative surfing on the web at hotspots.- This phone has the same battery as my Nokia Xpressmusic 5800 but lasts two to three times longer since this isn't a touch screen. With light use, my phone can last a week before charging again.- Cannot multi-task; which means you would be able to use one program at a time. You need to close an app to use another. No biggie, I knew that.- Qwerty fairly easy to use after getting used to. All buttons are nicely lit for night use.- Symbian S40 is the handicapped version of Symbian S60. It is basic and easy to use but lack the additional tools of S60. Once again, I knew what I was getting.- Has access to Ovi store to download free apps and games.- Call quality is clear and it does not drop calls. Sound is crisp and clear.- Good and nice bright screen.- Camera has no flash, but pretty decent quality for a 2MP phone camera. I don't expect Nokia N8 picture quality.- Micro SD card slot is on the side and not under the battery like some phones.- No physical volume control button. Can turn off some people. For me, I can just use the on screen volume control.- Decent build quality.- Just for reference, I compared this phone side by side with my friend's iPhone 4 and this Nokia phone is smaller in size.- Unlocked. Popped in my T-mobile simcard and I was good to go.Got this phone as a temporary phone for now after losing my main cell-phone. I will upgrade when I have more money down the road.Once again...know what you are getting and you will be happy with this product. Don't expect this phone to be something more than an entry level smart phone. This phone gets the job done for me and it looks great. Well worth one Franklin.

Bought this phone for my boyfriend and he's so happy with it. It's really simple to use and has many features that allows you to do many things. He's thrilled!!!

I loved the phone to the start when i got it but the wifi on it is old school. It's incompatible with any security type login wifi version and thus, i'm returning it for an android type phone (Galaxy 3). It will work with unsecured wifi but have fun looking for it unless you're the one owning it. Update the wifi and it would be a 15/10.

For like a month I looked for a "dumbphone" to replace my "smartphone". I wanted to save money for more important things so I decided to ditch my 30 dollar required data plan........and I found this.Wow, this phone I awesome. It looks sleek and modern, and It has some of the functions that a "smartphone" would have. It worked with AT&T; here in the US with a simple SIM card switch. I love the qwerty keyboard and I am overall very happy with all the phone has to offer, except for the 2 megapoixel camera. I would be willing to pay more if the camera was like, 5 megapixels.This is the best "dumbphone" out there. Not many US retailers will offer Nokia phones because Nokia has not cashed in on the "smartphone" with data plan scheme. Good Job Nokia.

I have had cell phones since 1991, and I can honestly say that this phone is one of the best. It is rugged and durable. I play my music on it, FM radio, Twitter, Facebook, internet banking, basically everything I can do on a computer, I can do on this little gadget, except documents of course. It resembles the Blackberry without the higher cost. The camera and video is remarkable too. I like the loudspeaker feature for when I am driving so that I am handsfree. It has wifi so you can get internet if in a wifi area. An all around excellent phone. Very much recommended.
