
I've experienced problems with my torch 9800 from the first day of having it. First it arrived without instructions - had to rely on my own techical ability to set up phone. Second the email account set-up button is faulty and I need to have a technician repair it. Third it keeps giving a message about call failed and I have to take out the battery and put it back in. I have seriously considered returning this phone.

Very good phone.Speed was adequate not wow.Battery lasted less than 4 months and it began to shorten.Good shop after all.

Compre este telefono y me ha funcionado excelente aqui en Venezuela, llego en buen estado y sin ningun defecto y sin problemas.. Lo recomiendo 100%...

El producto llego en tiempo y forma. El vendedor fue muy correcto. El tel&eacute;fono no tuve inconvenientes. Es muy recomendable

Worked without any problems outside of the box. I had to invest a bit in having it unlocked from specific carrier in order to use my sim but that was a minor issue along with minor scratches .

It takes the intuitive and functional nature of the blackberry, and the convenience of a touch screen, and joins them together.  Say what you will about Iphone vs blackberry.  But there's just no way you can type faster on a touch screen.  I like having both.  The clarity of the sound of voices is very good, and enhanced over the curve.  the camera is better.  faster browser.  etc

Bought this phone for my dad. He loved the first one so much that we bought another. It's one of the best in the lot of blackberry.Since my earlier review  I now have to buy another phone for my dad because I'm questioning whether the seller sold me a New phone or a refurbished phone. The pad on the phone just popped up just like that and now the phone  of course looks a mess without it. And the phone has also been sticking constantly.My dad owned this phone before so I know the odds of this particular part coming off is very unlikely in such a short pace of time the old phone still has that part on  and that phone is 2 years old.  Smh.So. I would not suggest buying from this seller.

el telefono llego rayado a parte a los dos meses le dio una locura se guindo y tuve que enviarlos a reparar dos veces  y de nuevo tengo que enviarlo a reparar

buenas, me gusto el tel&eacute;fono, tal como lo ofreci&oacute; el vendedor, f&aacute;cil uso, sin problema en el sistema, y en muy buenas condiciones

quiero saber si este telefono trabaja en venezuela  si funciona el pinga question this phone torch 1 operates in Venezuela. if I can use the ping in Venezuela.

To anyone looking into purchasing this phone I highly advise against it!!! This phone has been the worst investment I have ever made for a cellular phone in all the years I have owned many different models. The Pearl was a turning point for the better for blackberry but this hands down was a turning point for the worst. I have had the phone now for a year and a half and within the first couple months it was obvious there were problems.The touch screen will just stop working, or the phone will completely freeze, or it might be the buttons that freeze instead its different every time and until the phone gets powered back off and on you are stuck. Powering up a Blackberry is about a 5minute procedure as the OS takes forever to load. Many people all over blackberry's forums have posted discussions on this and no solution has ever been found other than software from 3rd party to consistently clean the resources up. As of now the phones screen just keeps turning off as it pleases, keys will consistently not respond having to proof read every word you txt because most of the time its missing a letter or two.I still have 4 months before I can upgrade but i really don't see this phone holding out for that long. I bought it with my impression of blackberry being solid phones from my years working with T-Mobile but it is apparent this is no longer the case and there is a perfect explanation as to why RIM only has a couple nails left to go in their casket. Blackberry never again, heed my advice or ignore it and be sorry, Don't believe me do a Google search and see just how many issues these phones have.

I was a bit skeptical when ordering this phone. However i am not anymore. the price was great and the phone is even better.

EL TELEFONO LO RECIBI SIN ACCESORIOS, SOLO EL CARGADOR, LA CARCAZA MUY DETERIODADA Y LA PANTALLA TACTIL NO FUNCIONA, NO ENTIENDO QUE SIGNIFICA "VERY WOOD" PARA EL VENDEDOR.-CARACAS-VENEZUELA

this is great almost brand new, in black with all the accessory's, and for a great low price. I love it, great gift.

se adquirieron 2 equipos nuevos y los enviaron refabricados, uno medio funciona y el otro nisiquiera enciende tiene mala la fuente de poder.

looked perfect ! but i realized when i turned on the phone the speaker was busted so it sounds distorted ! when i taught things couldn't get any worse when i snap a pic using flash the phone would reboot ! And to top that all off 1 month later the phone only flashes a red light  and don't turn on ! just my luck so im phone less once again ! I will NEVER buy from this seller again, and i don't recommended any one to do so either !

Great condition. Like new. I rate it as a great buy. All Accessories advertised came with the unit. Phone works great.

The product arrived well, this is brand new unlocked and so I have no problems, I believe that the provider met the featured in the publication

Hi all,Will this phone work within South Africa, with South African Service provider, like Vodacom or mtn...Thank you.

excelente producto

i am from Trinidad and Tobago bought the phone and shipped it to my aunt in newyork when i received the phone was so excited to used it , after 3 months the phone need a mother board no where in my country they sell mother board they asked me to contact the seller as soon as i did, the seller gave me all kind of run around and told me to carry it back to factory warranty, how d hell i can can carry this to factory warranty and i bought the phone from him, please i begged all of you, this person is selling most of his phone is defective and have lots of problem please when anything goes wrong with your phone this seller is not giving back no refund or send back another phone, and then this seller giving lots of attitude, please i begged you don't buy this guy product. he is unfair after 3 months paying 238.88 USD and after 3 months your phone stop working please buy from other sellers.

El tel&eacute;fono es tal lo que esperaba con solo una incompatibilidad de la versi&oacute;n de sistema operativo. Fue necesario actualizar a una versi&oacute;n inferior para corregir problemas en la configuraci&oacute;n de los email.

Bad, bad, bad. Totally disappointed with this product. It wasn't Blackberry's fault, it is the sellers fault. They advertise & sell refurbished phones as new. DO NOT DECIEVE CUSTOMERS LIKE THAT!!! Everything was wrong with this phone, programs were missing, emails couldn't be set up and the list goes on. Now I'm very apprehensive to purchase another phone online.

I had to buy this phone coincidentally after my curve broke .. To me d price is very reasonable for this very nice phone . Overall I love it and its everything I thought it would be and so much more :D

After two weeks of use with this phone no audible ringing or media sound. Only vibrationAdjustment to volume button and all other settings proved useless.

This phone was received in perfect condition and on time, it was bought as  a gift for my hubby and he loves it. We live in Trinidad (Caribbean) and it works just fine, you can use Wats app, Viber and of course BBM and the app. store has lots of interesting.  and fun apps. to choose from. Great phone.

Product is everything I expected, meets exactly described by the seller 100% recommend it to everyone who purchased a mobile practical and easy to use good size and above all very stylish, provides high quality calls, other tasks for which which is made ...

the phone has no screen turns bad and eslaider neither rises nor falls too loose no pressure actually cheated me that purchase was a hoax stolen

Don't do it! Do not get this phone! Mine freezes all the time, especially when I'm texting, the browser is horrible, it has this crazy glitch with the time, the camera is buggy....I could go on and on with all the things that are wonky, buggy, or freeze on this phone. Resist. Don't buy it- get something that actually works. Mine has caused me more stress that a phone should be able to create.

When I ordered the phone I thought I was getting an original one...when I received the phone I saw that it was re manufactured in Mexico....really disappointed, but still gonna be using it...however if any problems then I'm gonna need to contact.....

Have had a black berry from att, they quit selling them...this is a great deal, and the phone was brand new...took it to att, they transfer my contacts, even ring tones, I am going to buy another  just to have on hand, because, I love the Black berry. Att employee was shocked.

I received this with scratches which I was okay with because I got a case but this phone has a Mep code that I couldn't use my SIM card with .. It just says SOS , sigh* I'm so disappointed :(

necesito la factura del telefono para que me lo envien a venezuela. por favor lo necesito enviame una foto, enviala lo mas pronto posible

this is a great phone, I love it just not as robust as other bbs so try not to drop it, but great phone .

Producto muy bueno.. Todo en perfecta condciones. Producto nuevo. lista para usarlo... Luego les cuento que tal funciona.Gracias desde Venezuela.

gracias por su producto lo recomiendo te responde segun la descripcion del producto lo recomiendo. llego en perfectas condiciones. el telefono era recompuesto y tenia poco uso funciona muy bien.

El telefono llego a Venezuela en perfectas condiciones y funcionabilidad, la entrega fue oportuna y segura..lo recomiendo para que las personas puedan comprarlo

The phone was received in satisfactory condition.Excellent product.,the only disappointment were that it was locked and had to spent extra money to unlock the phone.

the product was very well for the requested costarrived in timeits proper functioning of thisI agree with the purchase

I purchased a cell Blackberry Torch 9800 that was listed as unlocked.  Unfortunately, the phone was not unlocked and I had to pay $100 to have it sorted out here in the Bahamas where I live.

Thank you so much, my phone came and i love it.  I am so happy with this purchase...thanks amazon!  money well spent

After having this device for a couple weeks it's working perfectly in Venezuela, signal gainance can be improved but I can't complain about it.Shipping service worked as adviced.

I ordered a the phone which stated it was refurbished .. It was surpassed my expectations the phone looked brand new and came with everything neede I have had no problems with  phone since purchase

I paid for a new product got a produt that was deffective. The vendor asked to ship item back but it was not economical to ship the item back. So had to use as is.

Good afternoon.With great dissatisfaction I write to you due the lack of commitment in the purchase from you store in Amazon. I was charged certain amount of money for a NEW cellphone. Instead of receiving a brand new product I got a refurbished unit. Such disrespect cannot be forbidden since it&#8217;s thanks to us, the customers, that businesses like yours is possible. Just because the purchase was made from other country, you shouldn&#8217;t send a second or third hand unit. Only after a technician in the country checked the cellphone I was aware of this fraud. May all customers realize that this seller DOES NOT ship brand new units but refurbished cellphones like in my case.

I recommend this product. It is excellent. Thanks for the sale. a a a a a a a a a

they send me a phone in a new box but its not new they cahnge the cell cover and the phone has more than 70 hours of use... the worst is that the cell is damaged

Great product.  The product came as described in the product details and was packaged securely.I have not experienced any problems since purchase.  Would recommend to any other interested buyer.

el tel&eacute;fono llego con fallas no sirve para escuchar m&uacute;sica con los aud&iacute;fonos y la tabla de enrutamiento de host esta vac&iacute;a y no puedo utilizar el correo electr&oacute;nico ni el pin del tel&eacute;fono y otras aplicaciones del aparato no entiendo porque pueden vender un tel&eacute;fono en ese estado preferiblemente es mejor q no vendan nada porque pr&aacute;cticamente son uno estafadores

Blackberries may no longer be the top 'smart phones' because they don't do everything well but for what I consider their 'core' features - email and phone, in that order - they are still up there at the top. And the Torch is the current top Blackberry at the time I'm writing this. As a 'business phone', it combines the best features of 'traditional' blackberries with the best a highly graphical, 'touch' interface can provide. For a 'phone and entertainment' device, there may be better alternatives.My review is not going to discuss the Torch long list of features and capabilities. They are all listed at RIM's and 100 other different sites. I will only talk about why I currently prefer the Torch vs. anything else as a 'business' phone even now when my employer would allow me to use other brands if I wanted to.THE TORCH ADVANTAGE- Physical keyboard - The most visible Torch feature is the sliding keyboard. This allows for a larger display when compared to, let's say, the Bold, without resulting into a larger phone. The illuminated keyboard seems to be the exact same size of a Bold's, only it becomes available when needed. This is not the only phone with a sliding keyboard but this is probably the best engineered one. Sliding the keyboard in and out is quick, near-effortless and it quickly becomes second nature.- Touch screen - Not the first Blackberry with the feature but this seems to be the best on a BB so far. Yes, it's not as good as iPhone's but, for what I'm using it, it's just right. There is an on-screen keyboard which adapts itself to portrait/landscape but that's the least advantage the touch screen offers. The new Blackberry OS allows me to 'touch' just about anything on the screen and trigger... something. Gestures are also supported including 'pinch-zoom' in and out. And, related...- Buttons - Maybe this should have been at the top of the list. This Blackberry does not force me to do everything by touching the screen. Just about everything can be done by either pushing/clicking a button and controlling the cursor with the little trackpad or by interacting directly with the screen (tap virtual buttons) or a combination. Most of the time it's 'a combination' for me and it's always the way I feel most comfortable about doing things. I appreciate the ability to use physical buttons when I want it.- Email integration - This is a 'soft' feature. The Torch can integrate several email accounts, including the 'enterprise' email into one 'consolidated' mailbox while still giving me the ability to view them separately if I chose to do so.- Wi-Fi - The Wi-Fi ability saves money. My employer encouraged me to pick a plan that charges by the call. Unless it's a VoIP. Therefore, while at home or in the office, the Torch makes calls the Wi-Fi way at no cost to my employer.THE LETDOWNS[Some of the comments below may or may not apply, depending on the carrier you're using. Mine is AT&T.;]- The App Store - Not so good, not too many selections and a lot of 'premium' apps doing things that lots of free apps or significantly less expensive apps would do in an Android or Apple environment.-  Paid GPS and other services - AT&T; would like us to 'subscribe' to the GPS service. GPS does not need 3G or any connection to the phone company to do what GPS does. My in-car GPS takes me from here to there, updates its maps (for free) whenever I connect it to my laptop and it gives me real-time traffic updates. And I don't pay one dime in subscriptions. GPS should be free.- Many More 'premium' Services - I understand that phone companies want to make as much money as they possibly can but competition is tough and I found no incentive to take advance of paid 'radio' or similar offers.- The Battery - Without watching movies, just a little bit of Web browsing and regular phone and mail, the Torch would need daily recharges. It would go for 2-3 days with phone and email (no browsing) only. A longer battery life would have been nice.MY RATING (4.5 stars)I will round this up to 5 stars because I am really happy with my Torch. There are some real issues when it comes to 'apps' and services other than phone and mail but, from my point of view, they don't matter to me much. Yes, the battery is a concern and at time I worried about running out of juice in a place where a recharge was no possible, but all the other 'weak' features I don't miss because I don't use. The Torch is my 'business' phone and just about everything that impacts my business is done well.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;

that they lack the equipment accessories to buy it is new package? how long it takes to arrive after making the purchase

LO RECIBI EN VENEZUELA TODO EN PERFECTO ESTADO CON TODOS SUS ACCESORIOS FUNCIONA EXCELENTE LO RECOMIENDO 100% AL VENDEDOR MYEUROCELL

Its working great since i viewed the help video. I think i mite try the other blackberrys when i need to up grade

I received this product with the complete list of items it comes with as it was said. So far, this phone is awesome and I am making good use of it along with the additional items. It was definitely UNLOCKED so I am able to use it with my service carrier. I'm not sure what else to say about this product, but overall, it works perfectly. Also, it came on time. Actually, it arrived EARLIER than I expected. Thanks!

I received my product so quickly.I have been using this for more than a month a there is no problem with the cel.Still need to determine if it is refurbished or what, but looks pretty cool.I'll tell you later if I face any problem.

It's really usable and the best price on the market. I made a great deal buying it. It has everything that you will ever need.

The first time the cell phone didnt work well and the seller change me! But now the cell phone have the same problem! I need to change again or refund the money

It's a nice product because you can use here the BB chat and also whatsapp to chat with another smartphones but RIM is out of market, the service it's low. If you want to continue in the BB world you should have it but if you can buy an android, it will be better :)

My problem is that am not getting to hock up my BBM app all am seeing is blue screen an its getting me sick if i don't get it work dont know what i will do .

I like that fact that I have two input possibilities: a Qwerty keyboard and the touch screen. For some functionalities the touch screen is faster and for some others the qwerty keyboard is preferrable.

ya tengo el tel&eacute;fono en mis manos esta en perfectas condiciones y funcionan sin ning&uacute;n problema en Venezuela con movistar.

THIS EQUIPMENT IS EXCELENT, BUT IS A REFURBISHED PHONE, NOT IS A NEW PHONE...IN THE BACK COVER OF THE PHONE, I FIND SOME DETAILS IN THE VOLUME BUTTONS AND ALSO IN THE CORNERS...IS NOT ONE IPHONE, BUT STILL IS A GOOD PHONE... GOOD REFURBISHED...

I bought the most expensive unblocked Torch and is not working in Dominican Republic, should have specified the limitations abroad and I wouldnt have bought it yet!I can only use bb messenger but not the browser or the mails, I am very frustratedOught to say that the camera is owesome! flash is very good. The product is very interenting and I am sure would love it with a good service provided

The back keeps falling off had to tape it closed.  Need a phone so couldn't return it.  Less desirable used phone.

Very good product! It's came in mint condition, unlocked! I inserted my card sim and it's worked. It's exactly what I had ordered, and the delivery was very fast. But accessories are missing, as: the cable usb, user's manual and the cd. The touch-sensitive screen works very well, the numeric keyboard also. Very good resolution of the screen. I deeply recommend it to you.

I love my cell phone, the only thing is that I wish it had a dual sim capabiliy. I am now considering purchasing a cell phone that can accomodate two sim cards.

The phone is in good condition although some minor scratches, but it's acceptable as 2nd hand unit but its good.I did not expect that it would reach Davao City Philippines. Thanks Amazon now I know that you will really deliver the product, planning to get the SCX10 Axial RC Honcho soon...got to save money first.

I bought this phone as a new phone and it was USED, there were still number and information on the contacts list. I didn't make the return because I was traveling at that moment but I think that you should sell what you have offered.

for its technology,memory,capacity your camera, take me to be the way of getting to my work until now that i need.

more scratches than explained. Battery stays for only seconds when fully charged, charger broke down the same week, hangs and have to reboot.

my brother love his phone. it's a good brand. easy to used. reliable and not once he ever complain about it. thisis a good product to consider buying.

With my old BB curve I had signal at home, with this Torch the antenna might not work because I have no signal at home. Nobody can reach me

compre el tel&eacute;fono y solo duro 1 mes se da&ntilde;o el sofware perd&iacute; mi dinero. es riesgoso comprar estos equipos sin garantia.

I bought this phone to replace my LG thrill smartphone.  I never got used to the touch screen texting plus the battery life was horrible.  It took a little getting used to but I love this Blackberry.  Texting is so easy.  The battery last so much longer than the LG Thrill.  The browser can be a little slow at times but no big deal.  Can't get all the free apps I had on the Android phone but that isn't a big deal because I rarely used many of them.  The calendar is great.

Item was expected to be new when purchase but upon delivery, I realized that it was refurbished and not working properly. This is the first time I've ever been this disappointed with Amazon....

bought this phone about 3mths ago...from the first week when phone is completely discharged the phone shows a battery icon on the screen with an x on it and refuses to charge...when i finally got fed up the phone started charging on its own after a few hours....phone does not ever charge fully...if it didnt cost so much to ship it back as i'm using it in trinidad and tobago i'd send the darn thing back!

good the message is to inform you that your purchase was not very satisfactory because the phone they sent me is not new as requested, is generic charger, the plug that goes into the phone is not original, the battery is damaged, and remove the battery when I realized I had particles like dirt in the background, did not bring the plastic protectors, touch system does not work, unfortunately it was a fraud, no offense, that I came to my couple of days ago so turned , the seller will respond me warranty? I'm from Venezuela

This is a great phone that I bought for my wife in the Dominican Republic...Works great on there system with the only problem being Battery life....Its a little short but not bad for a blackberry!!

Excelente proveedor lo recomiendo altamente desde venezuela funciona con las 3 redes del paiz que operan aqui, y opera en 3g

buenas noche, estoy sastifecho con la compra del producto y el empaque fue el adecuado , espero que`para la proxima compra lo empaque de la misma forma, gracias

This was a USED Cell they Changed the housing etc and pass it off as a new cell. i ordered a new cell and just months after i received it the battery is no good the cell freezes constantly. i had the cell checked and i was told that &#34;buyers remorse&#34; in the cell logs listed 6 days of voice usage. this is a very very large usage time. i absolutely hate this cell and am contemplating my options for recourse. I am gonna need another Cell

I bought this phone for my son and he take it to the Caribbean and it has worked perfectly. He have not got a problem with it.

Do not put you or 4 less 5 stars because you sent me two phones with other company brand jointer solfware and hardware

I have used this phone for over a year now and here are some pros and consCons:-I had to replace the handset once after six months with keyboard and other hard key problems.- lack of useful apps- have to reboot after you install and uninstall apps to use them-ridiculously slow in downloading and installing apps- Got very sluggish over time and freezes often- only way to reboot is by taking the battery out.- Touch screen is not very responsive.Pros:- QWERTY keyboard- 5MP camera- Call qualityCan be used as a very basic phone. For a smart phone I would rather go with a iPhone or android

hello I received with the phone open battery, was broken by that my score. I'm very happy with what I got

this is not a new phone, it is used! it is already has a contacts, and user profile on it!

Can i use this phone to over the sea?? I just want to ask before i purchase this product. Are they have GSM slot ( SIM CARD) ???

Brand, satisfied with the product, good phone components, work in 3g with my operator, thank you very much from Venezuela.

Got everything new. It had ear fones and regular charger but wonder why I dont get a booklet/manual. Its still firing and service is great. Thanks amazon. u always meet my expectations

It worked ok for like the first 6 hrs i used it then the touch screen stopped working i tried to remedy this by updating the software and then after the screen started working for like 2 days now it wont even turn on come to find out is not a new phone. NEW PHONES DONT NEED SERVICING this is the second them i bought a phone from amazon and it wasnt up to scratch the last one i bought came with out a camera when it was supposed to have one.

I bought this for a friend in Jamaica and she loves it. So far it has been working well in Jamaica

El celular llego con todos sus partes y accesorios, liberado y sin uso. Un telefono completamente nuevo y completo. Muy satisfecho con el producto y con "TABLET  DISTRIBUTORS" por vender excelentes productos.The cell phone arrived complete with all parts and accessories, unlocked and new. A completely new and complete cell phone. I'm very happy with the product and with "TABLET DISTRIBUTORS" for selling great products.

Just want to thank you for been faithful, may God bless you. I love the service u provided to me, also ur product

This phone is strong, it's functions are great and it works perfectly. It's one of Blackberry's fastest phones so I love this one, in spite of we know that Blackberry is losing popularity.

Este Producto Venia Reformado Ya Tiene Megas Utilizado Y Depaso En Ingles Todo Sin Poder Cambiarlo a Espa&ntilde;ol Pense Que Compraria Algo Nuevo

the factory source unit says not made &#8203;&#8203;by Blackberrytelephone's internal codes do not match those of the boxcontains no warranty for blackberry

When I ordered this product it was said to be NEW. Unfortunaly the phone I received was not new. It didn't look even like new. Scratches on some places. The sliders grooves  worned as in closed position the clearence is big. The battery in bad condition and hairs inside the phone. Because of my job ( always travelling )it was not possible to return the phone back. After two days the battery started to discharge quickly ( for few hours) and the phone became warm on its back side. Definitely some one did something as the screw bolts were with worn heads.Hopefully I didn't buy something more expenssive this time like iphone 5 for example. I didn't have  problems up to now with Amazone, but I think I'll quit my account due to sellers like this one. I'll recommend my friends and coleagues to do so and to be careful when buying from Amazon.

I have had this phone for approximately one year I have been careful because I know how sensitive blackberries are so minimal damage by me yet still the phone just stop working a few days ago. The restart light comes on but nothing on the screen. I would not recommend to anyone if after 1 year the phone is gonna stop working.

This product met all the expectation and was as expected. Delivery was timely and I was able to keep to schedule. It was a gift for someone so late would not have been acceptable. It had all the part and in new condidtion.

I have had a good experience with this model and that is why I bought it again. I hope, next one is goin' to be as good as the first or better. Four stars just for the expectation

I received the product in Barbados in excellent condition, thanks for everything, I recommend 100% to the seller.The blackberry has been in operation for several weeks without any problems, is an excellent phone and everything works fine, had no detail and was under the conditions described by the seller.

I love my phone! it has both touch screen and the keypad. its sleek and not a hassle to use at all!

when i first search to buy this porduct, in this case was a blackberry torch 9800, i wondered if there was any seller that could sell this without any logo of the carrier for example: at&t and verizon. So if you don't want the logo in your smartphone this is the seller is a brand new porduct and not a refurbished one as in said so in some reviews. make sure youre buying form wireovia.

I purchased a new blackberry torch and got a bad battery that i cant use. and where i live the battery only is going to cost me 50$

I am from argentina and since I've received the product it works fantastic. It is just what I've imagined and expected. The only thing that didn't work was the charger but as I had one I didn't care much about it.

perfecto, muy responsables para la entrega del articulo!el articulo esta en muy buenas condiciones.i like it, thanks you!

I bought the Torch with high expectations and assumed that RIM had finally got its act together and created a slick product.Unfortunately while the Torch has a fairly nice screen, OS 6 is disappointing and the phone has plenty of fatal flaws. Some examples:- Search finds hits but does not display the results!- Touch on a message, but the one below opens.- Easy to hit the wrong key, as a result I have plenty of accidental deletions- No easy shortcuts- Long menus that take a long time to navigate. Way too many clicks to get anywhere.- Options and settings are frustrating to use (even for a tech geek like me)- Browser is still pathetic compared with the competition- Ludicrously sensitive and inaccurate screen. Screen lock disengages in my pocket far too easily- No orientation lock and orientation sensor is not as good as the iPhoneI am a business user and many of the features are blocked, but even then the basics aren't great. The simplest solution is to buy an iPhone. Even the first version of the iPhone software beat OS 6.

Phone stoped working after 2 months. When i carried it by a technician I was told it was a refurbished phone. DO NOT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIME

Torch 9800 excellent. Euro company purchased from. Followed up to make sure that Phone wasreceived. Also followed up a 2nd. time to check and see if phone was operating ok. Excellent serviceafter the sale.Carlton Sabo

I have had this bbery torch for 2 wks now and I am so disappointed. In the beginning it worked fine but then after a week everything went downhill. The buttons do work anymore ie. the call, bb,clear, and end buttons none of those buttons are working.This is utter disgraceful!! This phone is suppose to be new! Now i'm stuck with a phone that is of no use to me.

very complete a mobile, lightweight, comfortable, and very advanced.filled all my expectations is my first blackberry and did not really let me down, very good product

EXCELENTE ELECCIONall fine, no hubo inconvenientes y pude recibir mi pedido satisfactoriamente.Gracias y continuen realizando sus operaciones con calidad y tratando de mejorar los tiempos de entrega...es todo

Llego a tiempo sin ninguna complicaci&oacute;n. todo fue muy facil es un buen tel&eacute;fono llego sin ninguna da&ntilde;o a venezuela

gracias se&ntilde;ores seguire trabajando con ustedes mientras me envien productos asi y espero tener una buena comunicacion al respecto hasta una nueva compra

It was an excellent phone.  It sleek fit makes it easier to fit perfectly in the pocket. Would recommend it to anyone.

just got mine today. i was a bit skeptical at first in buying this phone but i did anyway because i am in love with the blackberry brand. at first it read my sim and then it didnt but my husband new where to go to change now its reading it and i get 3g lols. i live in trinidad so to all those trini out there looking for a phone to buy this is the phone to get

very  poor item: cranky and scratches all over. the discription was not hie the phone. it was awful. too bad

Bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my brother... I came with no scratches and seemed brand new! We live in Trinidad and it works with both our network providers. All in all it's a great buy...

Just what I needed for travel.  Good camera, unlocked, works great internationally with the ability to navigate through different carriers

I am really planning on buying this phone but I want to know if it will work in Trinidad and Tobago. Can anyone answer this question....Please help!!!

The blackberry phone did not work properly, I had to return it. The problem was with the touch screen. It would not consistently respond. The good news is I got a full refund.  The bad news is I have left Blackberry for Samsung.
