
For those who want a smart looking phone without all the razmataz features that require a PHD to learn, the Nokia 2720 is a good choice.

These phones barely work at all in Alaska and yes some phones do work up here especially the older ones.Bluetooth seems ok but not all that either my ancient pda had much better..only tested between my pc and one headset.All in all I am not very pleased if I had to pay list price for it I would laugh and give it a 1 but for under $30 I tolerate it.I am amazed people text and go online with them what a pain, I have large hands with stubby fingers so I may be biased.As stated in title they offer poor to very poor connectivity which changes even if you don't move this was tested on 3 of these phones.This is an obvious testament to the quality drop due to smartphone craze, Nokia used to make fine cell phones.On the other hand Nokia's free software works nicely even though the phone has little app or media capability.Update I got an Alcatel 806-a and it totally destroys this phone on every level and I got it for $10, BT Service texting and it uses Java mobile apps so lots of software is available.

Nokia phones have always been good to me!  I bought this model through Amazon as it was less than half of what AT&T wanted for the same thing.  It's a simple phone that is easy to use for phone calls and texting...which is all I want in a phone.

it was said its unlocked phone, but now i see it locked. doesnt work without any carrier except t mobile.

Well lets just say i wanted a nice phone for me and I bought this one. It is very fancy looking and looks nice. Then after a while the functions stopped working for example the messanger and those types of functions. Then the phone would completly freeze and you would have to restart it. Also there is hardly any memory so you can only take like 10 photos and it becomes full even with the lowest resolutiion. This is a very bad phone and I would never recommend it. It also broke fast.

Nokia 2720 flip cell phone will not except ROGERS sim card,there for useless to me. Amazon should have told me that US and Canada dont have the same set up.

I tried to order the correct phone twice and both times it came in with a TMobile connection.  There was a message that refused to be deleted.  The ad didn't say anything about this.  I am an ATT customer and the phone is advertised as being compatible.

I was looking for a simple cellphone. This vendor had one that was inexpensive and arrived very quickly. Works fine. Kudos.

Not to bad for the price.. But it has no alam clock, nor bluetooth.Just a phone ...

I really wanted this phone to work for me - It was identical to the phone it was to replace. Unfortunately - with multiple calls to my phone provider and a new sim card - we were unable to get a signal.  My provider said the identification number labeled it a smart phone  which it was not...I returned this item to the vendor.

It is a good, basic phone.  It looks inexpensive (i.e. cheap), particularly the keyboard, but everything works just fine, which is more than I can say for the last two phones I bought for my wife that cost a lot more.  The inside and outside displays are bright and clear.  It is two months old now.  Assuming that it holds up, if she breaks it or looses it, I will probably buy another just like it.My only complaint is that the microphone suffers from the weird problem that cheap cell phones tend to have - that noises originating from 10-15 feet away from the phone come through much louder than the voice of the person holding the phone.  This makes it impossible to talk to someone in a crowded room, or even someone who has a TV playing in the background.  For this reason, she tends to use her bluetooth headset any time she talks on this phone.

I bought this after owning a series of disappointing phones - a touch screen Smart phone was just too expensive (I'm never that far away from a computer to justify the exorbitant internet prices on the phone), and the Sony Ericsson had such poor battery life and reception that I just gave up on it. So I was looking for a phone that has just the basics - good battery life, good reception, and be able to accept my SIM card and pay as you go plan. I was recommended this by a friend and am finally glad to be able to own a phone that has all that I ask of it!First off, battery life. It's been literally a week since I've charged it and it's only gone down one bar (out of four)! I've made several calls on it, dozens more texts, and it's still going strong!The call reception is fantastic. I can clearly hear the other caller and often have to turn the volume down on the speaker.It's a very durable phone. Because it folds in half, you don't have to worry about locking the keypad, and the overall design means it can take being dropped more than once (as I've accidentally done twice) and still be in fine working condition. It's also a pleasing sleek black design with a screen on the front which lights up when you've closed the phone to display the time and anyone calling.The buttons are large and responsive which makes texting a breeze. It's also got internet capability, a camera, and all the little pieces you'd expect (alarm clock, calculator, games, etc.) but compared to Smart phones, it's very basic.But basic is what I wanted. I wanted a phone that can make and answer calls, and send the occasional text and function as an alarm clock. This phone does all that, and very well too. If you're looking for this plus superb battery life, this is the phone for you. I've got no regrets at all and am very pleased with it.

i got this phone today and it was locked  !!!!!!!  dont buy it  and i want refund now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thats it

May 26, 2014.  Yesterday, seven days after the &#34;Return Window&#34;, the battery of my'Nokia 2720 S40 Unlocked Flip Phone with 1.3 MP Camera with Bluetooth--US Version with Full Warranty&#34; started failing. First the charge would completely vanish after a call.  Then after rechargeing it, and being alerted by the phone itself that it had been recharged, the phone would not even turn on. Dead. Only a silence is heard from the seller Amazon Warehouse Deals, Inc.. And of course the words of its epitaph are &#34;This item cannot be returned.  Return Window expired on May 18, 2014&#34;.

They say you get what you paid for and this phone is just that. Unless I shouted, no one can hear me, maybe every other word that I said. Save your money and buy something that works better.

The phone is a great has an alarm clock, calendar, calculator, ad camera. My only problem is that I am an ATT user and it will not accept MMS messages ( picture mail or fwds) it asks you to retrieve message, but will not open it. So if you don't mind not being able to receive MMS messages it's a great phone.

This is a fine phone when you do not need all the additional services that have been added for online function! Bluetooth is the only necessity, and it works well.

DOES NOT WORK WITH AT&T.  I bought this phone as a replacement for my aunt.  She had this phone for about a year & broke after being accidently submerged in water.  After looking at other replacement phones, she said she really wanted one just like what she had.  If you buy from ATT it's about $200, so I found this one that claimed to worked with ATT.  Well it doesn't & I'm not happy!  RETURNING ASAP!

The phone sets itself up nicely. Voice mail seems to automatically set itself up, unlike the korean phones which leave the basic user with a 'voice mail has not been set up' message.I bought the phone for a housemate who wants a simple phone. She cannot hear the ringer and misses calls. This is a problem, it is too quiet.

This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.You won't regret

tis phone did not hve all my info on it from my sim card. Also, i cant' get my pics and videos on this phone.  you can;t forward messages to more tan 1 person at a time.

70 dollars, cheep, right? believe me it looks veeeryyy cheep too! it is like a plastic toy, maybe good for 14 year old girls! i ordered black from JandR, i got blue.. bad service, cheep phone made in China!!!!! nokia and made in China!!! what a shame! Bad reception too! Save money! buy smth else!!! unless u r a 14 year old girl....

When we get the phone and try to put another sim Card doesn't workWe use different companies Sim Card and didn't workwe had to pay to ulocked

A good cell phone, but absolutely no peripheral features..The good: Very clear voice qualities, acceptable speaker phone function. SUPER cheap ~ AT&T; now has this phone as a "(prepaid) GO Phone" @ $9.99 new or $7.99 reconditioned) , somewhat strange but very user friendly key board, nice size, camera fairly good. Absolutely unexcelled Bluetooth connectivity with anything other than my P.C. ~  Grabs my Intellitouch X Link (bluetooth) as soon as I pull into my drive..The bad (or less than `good'): Speaker phone may only be engaged AFTER call is initiated. Absolutely NO means of linking with PC by means of USB cable, no memory card capabilities anyway. VERY limited internal memory, P/C- Bluetooth connectability listed buy apparently not supported, I can't figure how to get the VERY LIMITED pictures out of the phone. `Recording' function apparently for phone dialogue only. Slippery, smooth  greasy feeling exterior may be negated by adding a "rubberized" snap-on  cover..Overall critique: For use as a cell phone VERY adequate, easy to use. For anyone wanting only a bare bones, easy to use cell phone, it's great! Has virtually none of the bling-bling non-phone features  most cell phone users seem to want now days.  Want a good, simple cell phone (only)?  Go for it!Even though this's a prepaid phone, AT&T; will assign it to a normal monthly (month-to-month)  account without initiating a contract.

Simplicity at a great price.  Key pad is large.  Numbers easy to handle.  Superior sound.  A great basic  phone at a fantastic price.

It wouldn't stop booting up and turning off randomly, so I snapped it in half. It stopped booting up so I win, I guess.

I ordered this cell phone with the understanding that it was an UNLOCKED US VERSION Nokia 2730 flip phone.  What I received was a LOCKED flip phone that was shipped from Singapore. I spent 8 hours at two different AT&T stores trying to get this phone to work....they even replaced my SIM card twice while I was at the store...but to no avail...the phone would not work.  I contacted Amazon, and they contacted the seller.  I returned the phone for a refund but the clincher is the returned phone had to be sent to Israel  which makes me a little uncomfortable since the phone came from one foreign country and had to be returned to another foreign country.  Amazon has assured me I will get my money back.....but I guess I will just have to wait and see. The seller did offer to exchange the phone once they received the one being returned....needless to say I was a bit skeptical of this....I feel like the whole thing was a bait and switch.  Amazon has been very helpful in this matter....I shall wait for my refund......we will see.

I am living overseas and have tried and spent money trying to unlock this phone, it did not unlock and now I am here without a phone!

I bought this as a gift for my husband who has a sim card with a pay and go phone with another company.T Mobile wants me to use T Mobile I guess and his sim card won't work in this phone. It reads the card but says no network service.Doesn't unlocked mean you can exchange sim cards back and forth?I am very disappointed.

Just bought this mobile, where the product ad says... unlocked... but for my surprise, it cannot be used, once it is locked....As I bought as a gift which has now to pay to unlock the device. shame.

I got this phone as a replacement phone for my father. He had been using a Motorola V195, but it suddenly stopped working after many years of faithful service. I was looking for a simple, easy to use phone similar to the V195, because he's not tech savvy, and for him, the simpler, the better. The Nokia 2720 S40 Flip fit the bill. An added bonus is that the call quality is much clearer on the 2720. It's a straightforward flip phone, with some nice features. In fact, after setting up his phone, I liked it so much, I bought one for myself, to replace a Samsung flip phone. But the 2720 I bought for myself came from WalMart, for $31/shipped site-to-store. The phones are similar, but not identical. I'll do my best to explain the differences below:To begin with, the Amazon 2720, even though it says "US Version with Full Warranty", does NOT come with a full US warranty from Nokia. The good folks at UnlockedCellPhoneKings, who filled the Amazon order, explained to me that ALL UNLOCKED CELL PHONES void the manufacturer's warranty! They also stated that Amazon writes the headings for the ad and they have no control over what Amazon writes. In terms of the warranty that does come with the Amazon 2720 -- THEY (UnlockedCellPhoneKings) provide their OWN warranty (in this case, a 1 year warranty). And while that's better than nothing, it is not the true full US warranty that comes with the WalMart pre-paid Nokia 2720. Furthermore, the WalMart prepaid 2720 comes in a sealed package, with the actual manual that's specific to the 2720. The 2720 that I got from UCPK's came was in a generic box with a generic manual. I called UCPK's to ask why, and they explained that they buy in bulk, then put together packages after they get an order. They claimed that the phones are brand new, but there's really no way of knowing that. I would suggest that if you buy one of these phones from Amazon, rather than from WalMart, you buy it from UnlockedCellPhoneKings -- they were a pleasure to deal with, and they have a toll free number.As far as the phone itself, I prefer the one from Amazon. It has certain options (i.e. it allows you to re-configure BOTH soft key pads, rather than just the left soft key pad), and the home page (the page you see when you first open the phone) has the time in a much bigger font than the WalMart 2720. But that's basically aesthetics, and each person's preferences are going to be different. In terms of actually using the phone, they're both easy to set up and easy to use. (I had read that some people felt the volume was too low when using the speakerphone. I think the reason is that the speakerphone does not use the same volume setting as the normal mode. You have to press the up volume button while you're on the speakerphone in order to increase the volume to a more audible level.) The only real drawback I found is that these phones are fingerprint magnets. I would suggest getting some inexpensive face plate covers (front and back), since they faceplates not only provide protection to the phone, but also they cut down considerably on the fingerprints.In terms of a simple, easy to use flip phone, the 2720 does a good job, and these types of basic phones are becoming harder and harder to find.  And while I like some of the features of the Amazon 2720 better than the WalMart 2720, for the price, I'd go with the WalMart 2720 for $31/shipped to the store. The one inconvenience, as another reviewer pointed out, is the fact that there's no USB outlet or removable memory card on the 2720, so even though it takes photos, there's no simple, direct way to GET the photos from the phone to your computer. There are two possible options. 1 is to get a USB Bluetooth dongle to plug into your computer. You then pair the phone with the computer (but not as a modem) and you can transfer files from the phone to the computer, or vise versa, IF you have the right software. (Nokia has 2 free software suites -- Nokia PC Suite (which is older), and Nokia OVI Suite. Even though PC Suite is older, a lot of users seem to prefer it to the newer OVI Suite. Both are available for free download on the Nokia site.)Another option is to get a USB SIM card reader. They work like memory card readers, and range in price from around $8 to $30. I read some reviews and the cheaper ones don't seem to work all that well. The one that seemed to get the highest reviews was the: Dekart SIM Card Reader + SIM Manager 2 software. Here's the Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/Dekart-Card-Reader-Manager-software/dp/B0045BIUGG/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid;=1296592924&sr;=8-5. It can also be purchased directly from the Dekart site: [...](Personally, I find the shipping costs to be ridiculous from both places, but I was unable to find this item from any other source other than Amazon or Dekart directly.)(NOTE: I have T-Mobile, and the SIM cards from the old phones worked perfectly in both the Amazon 2720 and the WalMart 2720. I simply inserted the old SIM cards, synced them with the built-in phone address book memory, and was on my way. The folks at UCPK's explained that the 2720's that they sell are designed to work fully with T-Mobile. They will still work with AT&T;, but not all of the options will be fully operational. The ones from Walmart appear to be locked into T-Mobile, but I'm not 100% sure about that.)

Need Help about this product. It`s not working in my country and I don't know why?,I`m in Costa Rica, and when I made a purchase I saw that it was unlocked!,ANY body help me with that? what can I do? PLease

The product is good but it'll not do me any good if it's not unlocked as advertised.when you're selling a product , always try to deliver what you promised

Nokia 2720 S40 Unlocked Flip Phone with 1.3 MP Camera with Bluetooth--US Version with Full WarrantyNokia 2720 S40 Unlocked Flip Phone with 1.3 MP Camera with Bluetooth--US Version with Full Warranty

I bought it in US. it was working fine with ATT. It is not working with India SIM cards...Need solution.... :)

I got this product in a very good price; also I've never had problems with this brand. Shipped very fast, and the most important thing, my dad loved the present!

This is a simple phone with a good signal. You can move to any part of the home and always have network signal so recommend.

Very Quality product. There are no issue till now. Very cheap with all the options. very handy. High quality sound and signal. Excellent Product for the price spent.

A flip phone with a little camera. Everyone had one of these 5 years ago, so everyone knows what to expect. If you don't care for all the new features smartphones have to offer, this phone works just fine. Buttons easy to press, intuitive layout, good battery life, etc.Complaints:- When placed on a smooth surface (e.g. a table) and placed on vibrate, the slick casing often causes the 2720 to vibrate itself right off the table!- OS frequently freezes when user attempts to delete a number of text messages one by one.- Bottom half is heavier than the top, so the phone rocks forward when opened and placed on a flat surface.

It is the best cell phone I've ever had.  Doesn't send or receive photo files very well, but other than that it is perfect.  My "smart" Android was a pain.  Because it had a touchscreen, it automatically locked every time you used it.  Then the screen display would not stay on long enough to do what you needed to do. I am glad I lost it!  This little Nokia flip phone may be too simple for some, but I love that is simple, sweet and efficient.  If I were rating the camera, it would not be five stars, only two. But the phone and text are awesome.

Pros: Solid build, thin, bluetooth enabled, very customizable.Cons: No sd-card, no usb.This is the best built flip phone I've used. Very solid, and easy to customize all the tones and styles. I've generally had much better luck with the build of Nokia phones than other flip phones. I used the older model of their flip phone to death; this new one is much thinner and looks way better than what you'd usually get for the price. Also I was very happy this came unbranded. A lot of times you end up with stupid ATT or TMobile junk on the phone. This was a clean product straight from Nokia. This is exactly what I was hoping for.

I like Nokia flip phones.  I have owned 7 or 8 over the years.  The 2720 is, by far, the worst of the bunch.  The processor is slow, the keypad is awful and the glass black finish picks up finger prints like you would not believe.  To top it off, mine just died after less than a year of use.  One hinge broke and disconnected the screen and speaker leaving the phone useless.  I have been carrying flip phones for around 15 years, this is the first one that I ever broke.  To be fair, it did work fine until the hinge problem.  It made decent calls and sent a zillion txt messages for me.  It's just a cheaply made phone that was not designed to last.

I use this phone for business and not for entertainment (e.g. photos, etc.), so I focus on the unit's ability to perform telephone functions well.  I find the menus to be a bit non-intuitive (vs my new Samsung).  One great attribute that I lost when converting to the Samsung is voice clarity.  That was a critical decision point on the choice of phone.  I regret I was not able to keep this phone and must change netowrk providers!  Good form factor, nice super-sized display numbers when dialing, good front display to see who's calling.  It has a quality signal receiver so I get good reception when others may not be picking up the network well.  Loud ringer.  It has the 3.5mm socket for my headset, instead of the proprietary  connector.  Phone uses Bluetooth for my car - another must-have.  It has reasonable battery life - it tends to suck up more juice when using it in the car, so I keep it on the DC converter there.In summary, I am disappointed I had to move to another phone I find less desirable.

I clearly ordered this phone to use in the USA, and when I receive it, it renders useless because it does not function in the USI contacted the seller and advised them about the issue, they then state that I would not able be able to use the phone in the USATHERE CLEARLY SHOULD'VE BEEN A DESCRIPTION IN THE PRODUCT DETAIL STATING THAT THE PHONE CANNOT BE USED IN THE USIT WAS A WASTE OF TIME JUST WAITING FOR THE PHONE TO ARRIVE (OVER A MONTH)Very disappointed.Will not be buying from this seller in the future.super scam

Does not work in Costa Rica, but still says it is unlocked, it's a trap, should change the title to the product name.

I really like this mobile communication and continuous tube with these people .. are very serious in his work .. and will gladly buy back ...

I bougtht this from AT&T as an 8 dollar Go phone with 0 minutes. I asked AT&T for the unlock code (they will provide it with proof of purchase from them), and popped my old sim card in. For 8 dollars, this is a great phone. It gets better reception than my old Motorola V190 where I live, and it has bluetooth. Bluetooth is important to me because my state recently banned cell phone use in cars except for handsfree. It is only dual band, so don't buy if you need a quad band. Battery life is decent, and the phone is easy to use. The key press could be better, but it is not a deal breaker nor inadequate in any way. The instruction manual is poor, and it doesn't document all the features. For example, there is a speaker phone, but is is not even mentioned in the manual. The button for it activates once you have made a call. If you play with the keys, you will find all the features. The camera, at 1.3 mega pixels is not great, but I expected that. One nice feature is being able to back up the phone and transfer files to/from a pc via bluetooth using Nokia's free PC Suite software and a $2.95 bluetooth usb adapter from ebay. The phone has a calendar to which you can add appointments, birthdays and the like. You can also add contact info such as address. I don't think the phone has a lot of memory so I don't know how much you can store. By contemporary phone standards, this is a pretty basic phone. For 8 dollars, it was an incredible bargain, and I am quite happy with it. I have an old, original AT&T plan, and the only way I can get a new phone from AT&T is to move to a new (more expensive) plan. So this phone meets my needs very well.

its a very nice phone with a pretty nice camera. for the people who are happy with just making calls and texting with few basic additional features this is what u are looking for.

This item could not read SIM cards (one of the NOKIA service centers tagged it as manufacturer's defect). I am trying to fix it. Would let you know what happens next.

Nice phone, perfect size for purse, great color. Good ring tones, easy flip open. I don't want a lot of service on my phone, don't text, don't access internet but this phone has those options. I had to send it back though. It does not do voice activation for blue tooth. Just because a phone states it is bluetooth compatible it does NOT mean it will do voice activation which was crucial to me. I want to be able to just hit my bluetooth button and say "home" and have it dial home. What is the point of having a bluetooth if you can't do that?  You can dial manually and then set the phone down and be hands free or you can answer a call with the bluetooth but you can't actually "call" anyone via the tooth unless the phone does Voice Recognition or Voice Activation. You need to look for those words in the description if that is what you are looking for.

It's not the best phone, but fot that prize makes a good purchase. It covers the basic need for communication in a cool style cheap phone.

this was a replacement for my husbands 3 yr  old Nokia.  He just uses it as a phone nothing else.  Cancelled his land phone.this is a good phone if that's all you want it for.  the only drawback for him is that he's a bit hard of hearing and the volume is at it's highest and he still thinks it's a bit too low.  other than that it works great with no problems whatsoever.

Hola estoy en Venezuela compre 2 de estos telefonos y no estan liberados, no los puedo usar con la operadora Digitel.

Product is very easy to use right out of the package! For a person just looking for a simple phone to use, this one is it! Screen is big enough to see with the text, but small enough so that it doesn't bulge in your pocket!

Nokia 2720 flip phone is total junk.  The first one stopped working after 3 months (wouldn't charge), and the same thing happened with the second one, 10 days after it was eligible for return.  Easy to use, but poorly made.  Will buy a different brand this time.

If you just want to talk and text with this phone, it is ideal. It does not have a lot features. It is easy to carry as a second phone.

I bought this phone as a temporary phone to use until my contract was up and I could get a free phone. First off the phone took 2 weeks to arrive and when it finally arrived I found out it was a refurbished phone (which was never mentioned)The box the phone came in was ripped up and contents were cheaply wrapped in plastic that is how I knew it was refurbished. The phone itself sucks, it is very difficult to hear anyone or for anyone to hear me while speaking on it. The cover on the back that goes over the battery is a thin flimsy piece of plastic which constantly falls off while in my pocketbook and the battery falls out. The camera on it is horrible, I had less expensive phones that had much better picture quality then this phone. Another thing is when you want to get back to main screen simply closing phone won't do it. You have to push end several times to get back to main screen. When I close phone after phone call it is still connected unless I press exit or end. Same thing goes for texting it will leave you on text you wrote or recently read, simply closing phone won't bring you back to main menu. When using the speaker phone option you can't initiate speaker until the other party answers which is very annoying. I'm going to keep it as a desperation back-up phone, because it took so long to get to me I don't want the headache of sending it back!

Having this phone for only a day leaves me with the impression that all I will be doing will be making phone calls with it.  What jumps out at me is the poor screen resolution and weak display.  The phone is replacing a Nokia 6133 that was used for calls, texts and an occasional game.  The 6133 had a solid display that was easily read for the occasional text message and navigating through the menus.  The 2720 screen is terrible, I can hardly make out anything that is on it and I dread the task of entering contact information.Since my needs are basic I think that the 2720 will be adequate but I will not be raving about how a good a phone it is.I will follow up with more if anything stands out after more use.There was no problem with entering contact information, worked out just fine.

used this phone for about a month, then it suddenly has problem hearing when people call. can't hear anything from the other person.

As an ATT user, we ordered this unlocked phone for my husband who wanted something similar to his old Nokia, which is going on 5 years old and dying a slow death. He loves the simplicity of the phone and ease of use. It worked right out of the box, he is not a tech savvy guy and caught on right away.Unfortunately, although this phone was unlocked... it had been made for T-mobile. It will text and call, but will not send or receive photos... not matter how hard the people at unlockedcellphonekings tried to help me, it was no use.So if you have a T-Mobile chip and want a simple unlocked reliable phone for pictures, texting and calling... this is great. If you have an ATT chip and don't care about pictures... this is great. If you want to get pictures of your grandkids and have ATT... don't get it!On the upside, the phone support at unlockedcellphonekings was wonderful. They were very patient, helpful and easy to talk to. I would definitely consider using them again even though this particular phone isn't quite what we needed.

I am extremely please with my phone ,I haven't had anyproblems so far and the charge lasts a long time.I didn't find the phone expensive either.

I buy the Nokia cell phone to bring to use in Ecuador, but, when I turned on de phone the screen didn{t work.I live in Ecuador and I can't to return this item.

I have lived in 2 different areas where my Samsung SGH-E335 and my SGH-T109 both had poor reception.  I constantly had problems with dropped calls, poor call quality, etc...  The SGH-T109, which I was still using and still works, also had a very poor headset which I lost.  The replacement headset was even worse.  See my review atWireless Solutions Earbud for Samsung SGH-T929 Memoir, SGH-A877 Impression, SGH-T119, SGH-T109.The SGH-T109 reception got so bad I finally had to replace it with this Nokia 2720 S40 unlocked phone.  I had previously called T-Mobile and they wanted me to sign a contract for another 2 years for yet another Samsung phone and, for some reason which I am not sure why, another SIM card.  BTW, I bought theSamsung T139 Prepaid Phone (T-Mobile)as a gift for someone else and it has the same problem, poor reception.  WHEN is Samsung going to make a basic flip-phone which has better reception?I took a chance and bought this Nokia 2720 S40 unlocked phone and it works... basically.  Now instead of having no bars, at least I get 1 or 2 bars and the other party can understand me.  The Nokia is also a better looking phone with silver buttons and a blue case.  Unfortunately, the Nokia, compared to the Samsung, has a strange menu system where it is difficult to find basic setup commands or the settings don't exist at all.  Also, when I have the phone open, the timed backlight goes off and when I press any button to make it go back on, the button registers on the phone as a command, forcing me to exit whatever I entered.  I find this most irritating.There is no mention of a headset on the Amazon description page but a wired headset is included.  The Nokia wired headset is better than Samsung's with clearer sound.  All I need is a basic cellphone.  I don't need a worthless, lousy, 1.3 megapixel cellphone camera since I already have aCanon PowerShot SX210IS 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 14x Wide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3.0-Inch LCD (Black).  I'm not going to pay megabucks to access the Internet with my phone because I have a laptop and a desktop for that.  When I'm traveling, if I want to access the 'Net, I can get FREE access using my laptop and WiFi at most motels, many coffee shops, and many small restaurants.  I also do not use texting because I don't want to pay 15 per spam message.  I use FREE emails instead.I hope this Nokia will last for at least 3 years.  I'll never go back to Samsung cells again.  I doubt Samsung will ever get their act together regarding basic flip-phones.  BTW, Samsung doesn't really like even remotely, partially (3/5 star) negative reviews of their products so they don't always post them on their own website. They like positive, happy, reviews. Just wanted to let you know.See my PIC's and notes in this product's image section.

While I was looking at a few new but more of the simplistic cellphones a friend of mine suggested this model,  but after trying the damn thing out for a few days all I could think of was "Where was the nearest river to throw this thing away".  The biggest complaint I have about the phone is it's apparent power application problem,  case in point when I turned on the phone to call a friend after just three minutes maybe less the phone turns off on its own.  I checked and rechecked to make sure I didn't accidentally turn off the phone by mistake,  but after trying another call the same damn thing happened again.  Also a few times the sound wouldn't work, meaning the other person who you were talking to either couldn't hear you or your couldn't hear them either way it became a true annoyance.  Another thing I just didn't like about this model was its design and weight,  I just got a LG 420g flip phone and the versatility and weight difference is astounding as well as the LG phone seeming to have a much better and sleeker design then this model I felt.  I can't say this is the problem with all the phones of this model but still after having to deal with this headache for about three weeks I've just given up on the damn thing and have gone back to my previous phone as that one has so far never let me down...

I needed a phone for my child and wanted a starter phone. I am using the phone with AT&T; and got the SIM card from them and worked without issues.Pros:CostEasy to useSturdyTexting supportCamera (not the best)Con:Does not work with the micro Cells (they require 3g Phone)Most of the games require Internet accessPower cable is not standard (i.e. not USB)Signal Strength not the bestNo wifi support (only listing this as most things on the phone want the internet to do)On a side note.  You cannot get MMS (Picture Messaging) without having the data plan on AT&T; even if you have unlimited texting family plan, because they said it requires data for pictures, but if you turn data on almost anything you do on the phone needs the data plan...  The "back" button on the phone at the top level is internet access so you would press that even if you were not trying to get on the internet....
