
I have had this phone for about 2-3 weeks now. I it is hands down the best phone I have ever owned. It is easy to learn; has an almost unlimited ability to customize; has apps to make life easier; looks great and is just flat out fun to use.Top three reasons to get one?1) it's a PHONE. You hold it to your ear & everything, just like a real phone. You can actually talk to people without getting a dropped call (Thanks to Verizon). It has really good call quality. Most of the people I talk to think I am on my house phone. Can't ask for better than that from a cell.2) There's an App for that. While iPhone has been marketing this phrase, Palm has always done apps..and Palm encourages developers to make more apps. Pretty much whatever you want, you can find or build an app to do. Entertainment, Productivity, Business....it's all there. If it is not there, you can make it or request one of the many designers to make it for you. Most apps are free or cheap - if you buy Classic you can access the huge number of old PalmOS apps as well. More apps appear daily.3) Community & Support. There is a great community for support available online - PreCentral is one of my favorites. Anything about the Pre you need help with you have lots of folks to help in their forums. A number of the WebOS software designers also hang out there.Of course there are any number of features that make this worth considering - The Pre takes all my phone books and consolidates it into one on my phone - Facebook, Outlook, GMail...all in one place. the touch screen is responsive and easy to learn how to work...and it works with a finger, no stylus to lose! I love having a real keyboard (slides out) to type with. I also like that it slides out of the way when I don't need it.Before I bought it I had seen some complaints about how sturdy the phone is - but a coworker has had it for 6 months - a record for him, most of his phones barely last 2 months!  Last week I dropped mine on a concrete driveway. As my heart sank I picked it up...a few scratches, but no real damage. I'm impressed!The downside - I had to change what I expected in a phone...One example - the Pre does not have a desktop companion software. At first I thought that was absurd, but now I find I don't miss it at all.  The battery is a problem. I can make it through a 10 hour day without charging, but carry spare power just in case I have an unusually heavy use day. An extended battery would help this. Palm sends out OS updates that have helped also.Do your homework first and I think you will be as happy with the Pre as I am.

I recently upgraded my cell phone from the BlackBerry Storm 2 to the new Palm Pre Plus and am extremely pleased!  Its overall performance and "cool" factor is a definite "A" plus and may be the last phone I ever buy (I am a phone enthusiast and upgrade VERY often).  It is sleek, pocket able, feels solid in the hands, and the screen clarity is absolutely amazing. Internet surfing rivals that of the Iphone making it easy to zoom, move, and bookmark with the touch of a finger. You Tube streaming videos are crystal clear (better than Droid, Blackberry, etc) and the touch screen is as responsive as a cell phone can get. Although it lacks a zoom tool, the camera takes incredibly sharp photos and makes it easy to share or post to the Internet.  The app catalog has tons of cool downloads from 3D games (Let's Golf & Need for Speed...awesome) to applications for business users.  The Pre Plus synchronizes seamlessly with web email, texts, MMS, exchange, etc. all in one location. Not to mention the cool Touchstone charging dock making charging your phone a cinch (sold separately).With all the good stuff mentioned, there has to be a couple issues to notate. The contacts list does not offer the ability to create groups (family, friends, etc), which I like to have when sending texts to multiple contacts. Also, the keyboard still has room for improvement. The keys are too small and, often times, latent to detect keystrokes which causes a lot of back spacing and re-typing. Palm promises to release an update in February to maybe fix some of these minor issues along with update software to enable video capture and flash (yay). This release also will address the poor battery life of the phone.Despite the minor quirks, and might I note, less quirks than other smart phones, the Palm  Pre Plus for me is just about perfect and a good balance of everything. Thanks Verizon and Palm.

This is the best phone I've ever had. The multitasking and synergy features are extremely useful. It syncs with Google/Yahoo/Facebook/Exchange and other web-based services to bring all your contacts and calendars together on the device, giving you one simplified view. I find that to be very handy in keeping everything organized. The Palm Pre also has top-notch video and music capabilities. There's a good deal of apps in the App Catalog as well--I use Classic, Pandora, TweeFree (twitter), Fandango, and Grooveshark a lot. The camera is high quality and has a flash and built-in mirror for self portraits. It records video at very high quality and full frame rate--and even lets you edit it. The fast WiFi and web browser make the Palm Pre the perfect phone for browsing and using web apps like Google Voice. This year, the Pre will get native Adobe Flash support in the web browser--something other phones can only dream of.Again, the Palm Pre is by far the best phone I've ever had. I've used the iPhone and the iPod touch and the Palm beats them both with its eyes closed. Plus you don't get locked into Apple's iTunes ecosystem, which saves you a lot of money in the long run. Highly recommended.

I did not want to upgrade, I was VERY happy and comfortable with my Tungsten E2, but when the battery died....well we all know the deal :( So I then discovered that the only way to get a new Palm was to go with the PRE Smartphone. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! The abilities are nice, BUT the keyboard is SO SMALL an elf would have issues with it, there is no onscreen keyboard so sending a text, even a short one takes A LOT OF EFFORT. The keys often respond inconsistently, not reacting or typing a letter 3 x. The battery life is REALLY SHORT...it makes my previous LG ENV3 look like a tech miracle...and I was really happy with that phone, I would rate it with 5 stars. Then I bought a spare battery because of this issue, well, taking the existing battery out is AWFUL EVERY TIME !! You have to argue with it, you dont always know if the "hidden latch" has released and you have to use a very thin item (they suggest a fingernail but there is NO WAY that will work, unless you are iron man with fingernails of THIN steel. I have cut myself twice using a blade to try and release the latch. Then, comes the problems with the software. Google is not so bad, but giving them all your contact and appointment information can cause some concern. I loved my PALM software, but this phone wont work with. Also, all of my contacts did not transfer over and I DID read ALL the instructions. Just one more dissappointing aspect of this sad excuse for a PDA/ PHONE.  I just wish they would have continued to make some handhelds. I have been a loyal Palm user for over 10 years and have never been disappointed but this phone is AWFUL ! I saw similiar reviews advising me against buying this phone, but I thought, well, i've been using Palm forever and I love them so if I am determined to love this phone, i'm sure I will figure out the quirks. I kept telling myself I would figure it out, i'm pretty tech-savvy, but the bottom line is I like it less each day and would give anything to go back and make a different buying choice. I don't think I will ever buy a PALM ANYTHING again...too bad the company doesnt value its loyal customers more than selling them an over-priced piece of unworkable phone. I cannot wait until my contract is up to get something else. I hope someone else who reads this will be prevented from making this terrible and very expensive mistake. This phone signals the end of my relationship with PALMS and the trust I had in their company to make excellent products for sure.

1. Breaks easily - replacement cost $89 - 3rd day I had the phone, I dropped it and the face broke.  But when I added a cover, the controls (on/off, volume) were hard to access.2. No voice dialing, no voice activated applications of any kind3. No sync with desktop - went through all kinds of gyrations to try to use a web-based sync, but it never worked.  I finally bought a 3rd-party app to sync with my Outlook on my desktop, and that was just marginal.4. When I added the face protector, the touch screen only worked half the time.I specifically asked about the sync feature, and was told I could do it.  Yes, a one-way, essentially one-time transfer.  I need to link with the contacts and calendar on my desktop, and after two weeks, and an extra $150, I give up.  It goes back today.

Let me say first that I have tried to post a review for months now but neither Verizon or Palm will publish it. And here's why...I got this phone about a year ago only because it was a special promotion Verizon was having. My husband had just gotten the Motorola Droid and since I wasn't up for renewal yet, this seemed like a great idea. Boy was I wrong.The first month it was great. I loved all the features. It was pretty darn close to the perfect phone. Then one day, I noticed I wasn't getting any calls or texts. I spend an hour on the phone with Verizon and finally had to go to the Verizon store to have it replaced. Since the store had to run it's own tests, that was another hour down the drain. Two days later while on a Trip to Dover for the race, it crapped out again and I got the pleasure of visiting a Verizon store in Dover which was no small feat considering all we had for a vehicle was a 36 foot RV.Long story short, the phone froze up and refused to recieve or make calls at least once a month for 6 months. After the 6th phone, they said that if it happened again that they would replace it with a completey different phone. 4 days after received my last Palm Pre, it broke again. Please note that Verizon could never tell me why it was doing what it was doing other than "Software Issues". They also swore that there were no reports of similar problems. After reading several reviews, I see that quite a few people had similar issues. To thier credit, Verizon did send me an HTC Droid Incredible which I like very much and I have had no issues with. Similarly, my husband has had no problems with his droid either.I read some reviews on the new Pre 2 and it seems as if people are still having the freezing problem. Since I went through it 6 times, I sympathize.The truth is, I really did like the phone. It had great features and for a busy working mom of 2, it made life easier. It was extremley easy to use but it was completley unreliable. One minute it would be fine and the next, Verizon would be telling me to reset the whole phone which of course, deleted everything on the phone and even that didn't work.I find the droid very easy to work with and there are alot more apps available. The only thing I really miss is the ability to have more than one app open at a time. For instance, I can't check the calendar while I'm on the phone. That was a really great feature and I'm hoping droid will somehow incorporate that.In closing, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! The amazing features are not worth the headache6

I've had this phone for about three weeks and I am amazed that it isn't Verizon's best selling phone.  It is certainly the best I've ever had by far.  When I went to the Verizon store in Los Angeles I had to ask for it since it wasn't on display; I was actually discouraged from buying it by the store personnel.  I bought it anyway mainly because of the WiFI hotspot; for all the reasons listed in the reviews it is fabulous!

I have been a IPhone user for two years. Changed to Verizon last week,  I am completely surprised on how well pre pluse works.  Multitasking Rocks, games are great.  Internet, email, calander works great as well.  I just saw the spacial  on Verizon that the Mobile hot spot is for freeeeeee, I am loving this phone.  If I could have changed any thing I would have waited until this week to buy it for 49$ at my Verizon store and not pay 100$ more just a little over a week a go.  Oh well  I still love the phone and what it does.  Try it you will like it.  I mean whats no to like great smart phone and you even get the Mobile hot spot free for two years.

I recently purchased the Palm Pre Plus (Verizon).  This was my first smartphone, and it was the least expensive of the various brands (Droid, iPhone, BlackBerry, etc) due to a pricing promotion.  Although I immediately fell in love with the phone, I started to wonder why so many others had chosen the iPhone or Droid, and I was questioning my decision.  After having owned the Pre Plus for about three weeks, I decided to check out the competition. I borrowed my cousin's iPhone, and I was not impressed.  Very cumbersome to move between applications. Constantly clicking the home button, etc.  I'd seen enough of the Blackberry to know how awful that operating system is. That left the Android OS.  As it turns out, one of my old college friends has a Motorola Droid. I picked it up and tried to navigate the menus and applications.  I'm sure I would have been impressed three weeks ago, but the Palm Pre (which uses WebOS) has ruined me forever on any other operating system.  It makes the Droid feel like something out of the 1990s.  WebOS allows for TRUE, intuitive multitasking. (Don't buy the new iPhone hype - a cheap shortcut at best.)  WebOS is so easy to use and so fast at switching between applications, there is no substitute.  It would take too many words to describe how it works, but you have to get to a Sprint or Verizon store to try it out. Although, if you have your heart set on a Droid or iPhone, don't even pick up the Palm Pre.  It will only make you sad and frustrated when you have to deal with an inferior operating system.  BONUS: Verizon now offers its Mobile Hotpot service FREE OF CHARGE up to 5GB a month!  Only Palm Pre with WebOS has this feature! Droid doesn't. I've used it, and it's awesome.  Want to surf the web on you laptop in the car (while riding passenger, of course)? No problem.  Have a cabin in the woods with in a 3G service area, but no landline broadband? No problem. You have all the internet you need run right through your Palm Pre. For those that don't know, Mobile Hotpot is a free application that connects to your computer (or iPod Touch, etc) through WiFi, and supplies an internet connection through Verizon's 3G network.  That just puts the Palm Pre over the top of anything else out there.

The review was based on the original Pre - the Verizon Pre Plus adds wifi hotspot feature and more memory, all else appliesI'm not even going to try to outdo Dr. Dan's review, it's epic and a must read.  Still perhaps my review provides some perspective.First, let me give some background so you know where I am coming from.  I am usually an early adopter of technology, but resisted moving to a smart phone for a long time mostly due to the costs associated with the contracts and working from home I have less of a need.  With a discount from Sprint we were paying just $50 for 2 lines so considering a move to smart phones with data on Sprint or a full (over)priced plan from ATT or other provider was difficult, especially since ATT 3G is not available where I live.So what convinced me?Price - The phone was a reasonable price and Sprint has some of the lowest plans around and most people can get a discount through employer reference or industry on top of it.Multi-tasking - the real kind, swapping between open text, phone calls, web, applications, copy/paste between them etc is awesome.  See Dr. Dan's review for detailed real life examples.Synergy - ALL my google calendars are pulled in and synced (I or my wife can access from phones, any PC, etc).  ALL my contacts from Linked In, Facebook, Google Contacts, etc are automatically pulled and and grouped.  Awesome.A real keyboard - I have large fingers and like you touch type so having a real keyboard was excellent (although a patch exists to add on screen keyboard)Modifications - the ease at which you can create your own apps, add homebrew, add patches, connect to PC, etc is a huge plusIt's not an iphone - I don't mind not being the 'cool kid' and can decide for myself.  The iphone is a good phone, but missing the features I mentioned.  Yes 'there is an app for that', but the fact is most apps are crap.  The Pre's browser handles websites so well and you can add an icon to the launcher so in many cases it's almost as good or better than an app.  Yes, some key apps are missing, but the catalog is growing.  I also don't need to pay for overpriced accessories or use that horrible iTunes app.  I'm also not stuck with ATT.

I've had the Palm Pre Plus a week now, and have enjoyed it thoroughly. I have trouble putting it down because of how feature-rich it is.The instant messaging function is the real highlight -- I can have conversations with friends and family via text, GMail Chat, Facebook Chat, e-mail and more, all in the same program, on the same screen. All of my contacts are integrated -- if someone I know has a cell phone, Facebook account and an e-mail address, when I look them up in the contacts book it's all there, and if they send me anything it's sorted under the same name. It's so easy to use.The slide-out keyboard has good-sized rubberized keys that give you the feel you want, without being too stiff or slick. Typing on it is easy, much faster than typing on a touch-screen keyboard.It's also got the amazing wireless hotspot feature so I can connect my computer to the Internet through the phone, and it's as easy and tapping a couple buttons on the screen. I really enjoy being able to share Internet access with my friends. I've gotten quite a few surprised "It can do THAT?" questions when they see me surfing.The menus are so easy to use, very intuitively designed. The touch-screen is just sensitive enough that you don't have to repeat gestures, but not so sensitive that it accepts accidental commands.The app store for WebOS phones is growing, but what's probably cooler is the unofficial app library that's out there.It has great integration with GPS that you can use through multiple apps, including Google Maps. You'll easily be able to find where you are, which is nice for using Foursquare to check in to new places. Yep, there's an app for that!The camera takes pretty sharp pictures for being a phone, records videos and both pics and vids can be easily uploaded to Facebook, e-mail or wherever you're connected, right after you take the shot, with a couple of taps on the screen. It's really that easy.Battery life is an issue for this phone, but it's understandable considering how powerful it is. You'll probably want a car charger or a charger at work to make the most of the phone. That's one of the features that makes this phone really cool, though: the charger. It's called "Touchstone" -- it's a little black pad you sit the phone on to charge it. You just sit it there, no wire couplers or connections to make.The stuff you can expect a smart phone to have these days is included too, of course:Accelerometer that rotates the screen when you rotate the phoneProximity sensor locks and darkens the screen when the phone is to your earCamera flash using an LED that doubles as a flashlightHas a 3.5mm headphone jack to use standard headphones withSpeakerphone that's loud and clearCalendar, mp3 player, themes to customize your screen, too much to list.It's just a great phone, and it's only $50 at Verizon right now. I couldn't resist.

I have had this phone for several months now and here is the gospel according to John.Pros1. Good OS, decent speed. Cool "look"2. Sync up contacts and email3. Decent video & camera4. Plenty of space for musicCons1. Battery life bites2. If you move too fast, it can cause an OS error and either "freeze" which requires you to take out the battery and reboot. Or if your lucky, it will just "reboot" for you.3. App catalog kinda sucks. A few "ok" ones.4. Keyboard is god awful. No "predictive" or "suggestive" text. Tiny, tiny keys, very hard to type.5. The "phone" is not that grand. Can't tell how many times I have "accidentally" clicked the wrong button or hung up on the person.6. When the phone is next to the ear, it "hides" itself, when it is away from the ear it "shows" itself. Presumably to save battery life. I have had this functionality garbled once or twice and get confused and showed when I put it by my ear and hide when I moved it away from my ear. Very frustrating.Overall, it is "ok". Nothing more, nothing less. I did get so sick of the keyboard that I recently just ordered the Droid Incredible. So I already "had" enough of this phone. Ready to "move on".

This is definitely the best smartphone out there.  It doesn't have the sleek look like the iPhone, but that's for showoff anyway.  Palm Pre Plus is fast.  Multitasking is a must-have feature.  For my usage of extensive emailing, I need the keyboard.  I just cannot use the iPhone keyboard at all.

Where can I start?  Most people probably want to know about apps.  I was really surprised that there are so many apps available.  And they're good apps.  A lot of 3d games, I use netflix app all the time, twitter is good (new to twitter), podcast app dr. podder is a 10, duke nukem 3d, need for speed.  Just so many good apps to list.The camera and video are awesome also.  The camera takes really good pictures, better than my camera believe it or not.  You can upload pictures directly to facebook, or send them through email or text to other people.  the video app was just released in February.  Its very similar to the iphone video record app.  you can record long videos, and you can edit them when done.  Again, you can upload them to facebook, also youtube with videos too.  Or email or text them to other people.If you buy this phone, you HAVE TO go to [..].  They have both homebrew apps and patches there, plus a huge group of users that all use the phone and push it to its limits.  Basically, these things let you hack your phone securely and easily.  It adds sooooo much functionality.  And the best thing is Palm knows about it, they're ok with it, and they give you the tools to do it correctly and fix it if something goes wrong.The screen looks absolutely great, its so bright that I keep it at 40% just to save battery life.  The keyboard works great.  It was a little small at first, but I got use to it fast.  I have actually found that the small keyboard makes it much easier to type with one hand.I've saved the best for last.  The webOS operating system is by far the best thing about Palm phones.  Multitasking is so much more useful than I thought it would be.  I can start a podcast download, then click over and send out a text while its downloading.  I can be playing a game, minimize it, flick over to my email, then come back and it starts right back where I left off.The way the notifications comes in is really well designed.  Notifications pop up at the bottom of the screen in little banners.  You can either let them sit there, or flick an up gesture and they turn into little icons at the bottom of the screen(taking up much less space).. that way there is always a little reminder down there, until you decide to take action on the notification.  If you just wanted to ignore the banner, you can swipe it off the screen to the right or left with a quick swipe gesture.  The things that elicit a notification are receiving texts, emails, a finished download, when pandora or music app switches songs (although these disappear on their own), etc.  Notifications come through so often, that its nice to have them managed in a way that lets me choose to keep doing what I'm doing or act on them.Universal search will be your best friend.  The Pre will sync with multiple accounts.  So I have facebook, google, and my exchange server at work.  All the contacts from the 3 places are now on my phone so it becomes a PITA to sift through them all.  Well, Palm thought of that.  So if I want to find someone, I can just start typing their first name and it will bring up that contact.  Usually it takes me 3 letters to find who I need.  Universal search works with EVERYTHING though.  I can start typing a webpage, the name of an app, a person, or just a term to do a google search on it.  so basically, whatever I want to do, I just open my keyboard and start typing.  Its soooo easy and it just makes sense.they also have a mobile hotpost app, but it costs $30/month at Verizon.  It basically turns your phone into a wifi hotspot, so you can get wifi on anything that uses wireless internet.  I am still thinking about getting it, but I have heard you can get it free if you hack your phone a  little (instructions at [..])Sorry its so long, but I almost passed over this phone because I hadnt heard much about it.  I am truly astonished, because it is the best phone I have ever used.

This is by far the best smartphone to date.  Palm WebOS platform is truly amazing and like no other!  In my opinion it beats out Apple's iPhone and Google's Android.  Navigation is a breeze and fun.  You slide/swipe applications on the touch screen and can run multiple applications at once.  For example, while having a friend on the phone, I opened the web to locate a restaurant, entered a date on the calendar, emailed another friend about the restaurant, and peaked at my Facebook application ALL at the same time without closing any application.  The screen is bright and sharp.  Notifications are great.  Camera and video are awesome.  The camera includes a flash.  When I first had the phone, the keyboard keys where a little stiff, causing letters to double up when pressing on the key.  This was fixed by powering the phone down and "massaging" the keys down and individually.  You can't go wrong owning this high quality phone!

This is seriously the most epic phone I've ever had.If you're a techie, this phone is for you and can be tweaked to no end.If you are a gamer,  this phone has available a whole bunch of 3D Games.If you are a big texter/IM'er, this phone has a very good keyboard and great integrated threaded messaging (I even have facebook chat working on it, one of the many free tweaks I have installed!)If you are business person, there is epic exchange support on this phone in addition to the great calendar app, and the ability to preview documents right on the phone!If you're a multi-tasker, this phone will give you REAL multitasking, with the best multitasking interface out there. Literally this phone is a multitasking MONSTER!And last but not least if you have a bunch of stuff in the cloud (internet), this phone will bring together all your internet accounts and neatly integrate them. On Palm WebOS, you will never again have to bother with transferring accounts and contacts and settings from one phone to the other. Just get your new Palm phone, log in to your palm profile, and your ready to go. So, if your dog chews up your phone, your contacts and settings are safe :).Can I also add the this phone will support flash, unlike that "other" phone, And has been voted the best phone in the recent laptopmag smartphone march madness [...]Check out the attached youtube video for a fun little demo of what you can do with this awesome phone![...]

I'm  not one of those people who complains about the small stuff, but the Palm Pre SUCKS!  Battery life is horrible.  I'm a police officer and I can barely make it through my 10 hour shift with moderate use before I get the low battery chim.  Again, it's not THAT big of a deal since I have a car charger.  My main gripe?  IT FREEZES!  It doesn't matter what you're doing, but the screen freezes.  Whether you're trying to answer an incoming call, check your email, etc...the stupid thing won't respond.  Come on Verizon...bring out the iPhone so I can get rid of this POS.

Wow!  What an improvement over my previous Treo 700p.  With a bit of help from Palm customer service (and Google Calendar), I was able to bring over 10 years of Palm OS calendar info, as well as all my contacts.  Unfortunately, memos did not transfer.  The Pre Plus is very stable, immensely enjoyable, very fast and functional, beautifully ergonomic, and an overall smart design.  I LOVE the retention of an actual Qwerty keyboard.  Great apps.  Battery life could be a little better, but I can live with it given the slim design.  Well done, Palm.

I am what they could consider a Fanboy of the Palm products. Not a fanatic just a Fan of what they have created in the past, present and soon future.I'm going to talk about the Pro's and Cons of this device and WebOS in general that I have studied since CES (Computer Entertainment Show) Jan 2009If you are coming from the PalmOS (Treo, Centro users please read this paragraph as it will apply to you. If this is your first Palm phone move on to the next paragraph. First Palm and PalmOS has been known for thier PIM application. Specifically Contact and Calendar Management. Things has changed with WebOS in this aspect you will currently need to us a 3rd party program. PC to WebOS Sync does not exist without a 3rd Party program as it no longer does this out of the box Instead it syncs to the "Cloud" As of WebOS 1.4 you can Sync with Microsoft Exchange Server, Google Gmail, and Yahoo for Calendars. For Contact you actually have MANY MANY options that I have Experienced. Contacts include, Facebook, Google Gmail, Yahoo Mail, (more added later). It worked flawlessly for me when I did this.PROS:Ease Of Use:  Rating of 4.5 out of 5WebOS if it's only known for one thing it is because of the Multitasking capability. I can listen to Music, Surf the Web and play a 3D game (yes that's right I said 3D) No Other device can multitask ANY application. What does this mean in other aspects. Well it takes a hit to the battery life. Which I will discuss in a later section. if this was the only thing it could do then we could still be happy. Palm didn't stop there. The WebOS is just as initiative as any other touch Phone/device I have experienced. My Fiancee who has one now (3 days) has already learned how to work the phone almost better then I. If you are a first time user to smart phones you will be very please with it. Please do not take what I have said as gospel or that this phone is the end all be all. People will disagree as no phone does everything. This just comes very close.Open Source/community: Rating of 5 out of 5Most phone providers frown and even try to stop people from innovation if it did not come from the original designer. This is were Palm and WebOS excel. Not only does Palm say go for it but they actually promote it. At CES 2010 they showed that support by promoting Precentral.net and the Homebrew community that also the phone to do even more. Precentral is a must for any WebOS userAccessories: Touchstone 5 out of 5Plain and simple this just rocks. One you have it you never want anything else. I do not have to open a door on the phone and get out my cable to plug it into the wall and then plug the phone into the cable. Instead I just place it on top of the Touchstone and BAM (don't sue me emeril) it's charging inductively Yep just place it on top of it. not slide it into the slot or have a special adapter to make the device bulkier to get this to work.Battery life: Rating 3 out of 5Although I could rate the battery a 2 It does have some redeeming qualities. First of all this phone can multitask so yes the battery takes a hit. In fact that is why Apple doesn't want the Iphone to multitask is because of the hit it will take. The more you have open the more battery it need to work all the programs. This is just common sense. How can you fix it? Many ways. 3rd party batteries, Touchstone charger, Car charger, and a usb cable that plugs into my pc at work. What if I'm camping or on the go and can't get to a plug. Easy, Energizer makes portable battery chargers that all except 1 will charge the Phone 2-3 times.

This phone has blown away ones from the past. Updates are made automatically. Storage space is substancially larger. A+ all the way.

WebOS is the best phone operating system I have ever used. It's easy the way windows aka "cards" can be arranged and multiple cards can be running at the same time and "gestures" are so intuitive. YouTube has a video of 50 cards being open at the same time! Also, the way it easily syncs with GMail and Yahoo! mail, and even Google calendar makes life so much easier. I can do so much on this phone that in my first week use I only used my laptop for 2 hours, when I'm usually on it all the time. Then with Preware, the ease of installing homebrew applications and customizing makes the phone so much better. Also, considering how Apple locks down the iPhone and users have to "jailbreak" it, Palm has made their system available via a cool Konami lock code. On top of all this the Palm Pre community, especially at [...], is so great. Pure awesomeness!

An uber-connected PC in my pocket - no mere smart phone:+ A true multitasking computing environment: open multiple apps and flick among them quickly and effortlessly (I routinely am running my phone app, music player, book reader, several web browsers, etc. without bogging down)+ No more downloading/syncing MP3s: I can browse and stream my entire music collection over the air from my home server in real time and full quality (over 3G, of course, which is ubiquitous with Verizon) using a free Homebrew app (currently choose from Ampache Mobile or AmpachPre apps coupled with the open source Ampache web server) - storage limits and syncing headaches are no longer a concern+ It has a fast and capable HTML5 Webkit-based browser under the hood, not only for surfing websites, but as the basis of the entire user interface+ It syncs flawlessly with Gmail, Google Apps, Exchange, etc., intelligently linking the same contacts from multiple sources and even syncs multiple Google Calendars (including reminders)+ Entire interface is incredibly polished, attractive, and efficient: everything has been well thought-out and just makes sense (though the gestures are unfamiliar at first and require reading the manual / watching the videos / browsing the on-phone help to get up to speed)+ Unobtrusive notifications for incoming email, texts, reminders, alarms, missed calls, etc. at the bottom of the screen+ The whole thing is running in a web browser engine, making app programming a simple matter of HTML/CSS/Javascript (and understanding the basic app framework paradigms)+ Underneath the web browser engine powering the user interface, is a Linux-based OS core - you can even get a command line (no jailbreaking or hacking necessary) and browse/patch/modify anything on the phone - Google "Web-OS Internals"+ Because of the open, easy to program nature of the phone, there is a huge Homebrew app community (Google"PreCentral Homebrew") offering many free, open source apps direct from the developers - just install PreWare on your phone for direct access to all officially sanctioned apps from the App Catalog as well as the full collection of Homebrew apps, patches, and themes+ Instant access to bluetooth / wifi / airplane mode / screen brightness (with a patch) / flashlight (using camera flash LED, with a patch) from any screen+ Real, physical mute switch on top for meetings / doctor offices / movie theaters / etc.I've owned my Pre Plus for over two months now, and although I love it, I have to point out some drawbacks:- Rare but annoying pauses/freezes in the interface, especially when trying to do multiple interactions in quick succession, such as unmaximizing and switching apps just as a phone call is coming in and the phone app is trying to launch- Although multitasking is very smooth, sometimes the processor feels barely fast enough, such as when music or video is playing and the interface becomes a little jerky- Keyboard sometimes misses/repeats keys if you press too gently- Screen is surprisingly scratch resistant for plastic, but it *will* get scratched if you drop it or put it in your pocket with a set of keys (like I did) - if you think this might happen to you, research screen protectors, they're a cheap insurance policy- PDF viewer is nearly useless, won't even open most PDFs (just gives you an error message)- No Flash support, yet (although there is an official free YouTube app) - although Flash 10.1 support is promised by Adobe to arrive... eventually... there's no telling when this will happen (although HTML5 video and media is catching on fast) - I haven't really missed this, and honestly every other smart phone is currently lacking Flash as well, but there it isOverall, an incredible phone, especially at the prices they're going for now - Verizon's now even offering Mobile Hotspot functionality (up to 5GB/mo transfer) for free (used to be an extra fee), if you use your laptop in places where you can't access a wifi hotspot.If you have access to a Verizon store, go try one.  If you're on the fence, give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.

I am a techie and have owned most of palms previous phones....  all the treos, the quatro, and I had high hopes for the Pre Plus, but it let me down and I had to let it go.  I was originally going to buy a droid, but the Palm Pre was cheaper and I have been a loyal palm user for a long time.  I owned the pre for about 6 weeks.  The phone does have some qualities and some big improvements over the quatro and treo, such as the application manager, the browser, and the camera, but the keyboard and touchscreen/text editing capability were both a step backwards.  I found the keyboard much harder to use than the other palm devices, so much that I would get hand cramps.  I found that working with text in both MMS and email was horrible compared to the older phones.  And the battery life was pitiful!  They used the same battery from the quatro, and it was woefully inadequate.  I tried to love the Palm Pre, but it was not meant to be!  I bought a motorola droid and I LOVE it.

The keyboard is too small; Synchronizing with my calendar and photos are a pain.  However, it does a good job running multiple app at once.

Have had this phone for two weeks now and couldn't be happier! Multitasking is flawless, I treat this thing like a computer and load up a bunch of things at once and it has never had a problem. Using the great community and support provided by PreCentral I've basically been able to get it to do anything I could have imagined, it's completely customizable and there's always a patch for something you want to change (including a virtual keyboard).I was really worried about battery life before getting the phone but have been pleasantly surprised not to have any problems. I can make it through a whole day and more with lots of use, even spent an hour doing a crossword and only used up like 10% of the battery, which I think is pretty good, my bf's droid seems to have similar if not worse battery life.The one thing I will say is that my phone has had a problem with double typing, but I've started to ignore it. If this is a concern for you it's fairly obvious if your phone has the problem once you get it so you can return it. A lot of people believe this is a software problem so hopefully it can be fixed with an OS update.The touchstone is pretty awesome, I know it seems gimmicky but once you've got one you'll never go back.Take your time to learn the different gestures and shortcuts and you'll love the phone!

First, Let me say that I am a die hard Apple fan. I got the first Iphone, then the 3g, then the 3gs. I love the iPhone.However, I have been reading about the Pre for over a year. I looked at the first one on Sprint but decided to wait for the next generation to come out. Now I have the Pre Plus and I can tell you. It's Great! I love it. You can open so many different apps and have them running in the background. You can listen to music while still using other functioins.The charger rocks also!Hello Pre, good bye iPhone

As a former Windows Mobile user, a current Blackberry user, and (I assumed) future Droid owner, when I got my hands on the Palm Pre Plus for Verizon I was forced to rethink my opinions on smartphones. The phone came as a revelation for me: I could own a Palm phone running Palm software!The user interface, Palm's WebOS, is the most elegant UI I've ever used, though there is a learning curve if you skip the videos at setup. Multitasking between browsers (yes, multiple browsers work flawlessly!), video, calendar, contacts, email, TXT messages, and anything else you want to run is amazing! Playing a game and you want to go back to your email real quick? Slide your finger up from the bottom of the touch pad through the screen and your current window becomes a card on the screen allowing you to scroll through all the open programs (cards) till you find the one you like and then simply touch it and it pops up for you. Within the first 24 hours of using this phone I was hooked on the operating system and multitasking - something that the iPhone doesn't do and that the Droid won't do well until Android 2.1 comes out. WebOS is amazing.Oh, and you can use your Pre Plus as a mobile hotspot enabling up to 5 other WiFi devices to use the Pre's internet connection through Verizon like theNovatel MiFi 2200 Mobile Wi-Fi Hotspot Modem (Verizon Wireless). (There is an additional charge for this service at the time of the review.)There were a few concerns that I have with this phone, though, that you should know before you buy: the keyboard is very small - smaller than a Blackberry and there is no SD card support to add memory. But I know that - believe it or not - there are many users who recognize that the Pre Plus' 15 GB of internal memory is more than enough, and don't have huge hands like I do. If you are one of these kind of users then I cannot recommend the Palm Pre Plus enough!**Update: With the WebOS update 2/27/10 (Palm webOS 1.4.0 Build 136), video capture has been added to Verizon's Pre Plus and Pixi Plus. The update also increases access speed to programs, adds additional battery life to the device, gives more options on calendar, MMS support, and new features for email. With these updates, the Palm WebOS solidifies itself as possibly the best OS on any phone in the US.**

The Palm Pre Plus is the best smartphone available.  I've had mine for two months.  I did a lot of research and nothing compares.  The 3D games are awesome, but the best feature is the multitasking.  I usually have 20 programs open at once and can pause multiple games with no speed impact.  There are plenty of apps available and many outshine other smartphones like the Facebook app.  My only complaint is the battery life, which was fixed by purchasing a larger battery online.

I love this phone.  I think it is probably one of, if not, the best phone on Verizon.  The gesture area and the notification area are five stars alone.  The multi-tasking is awesome and the cards are just versions above andriod and iphone.  I find myself using gestures for other phones, it is just that simple.I would give this phone a complete five-stars, but there are some issues with the build quality, which is improving.  Also there are stuff that is missing like auto-correct spelling and various other things, but Palm has kept updating this phone continuously.I tried using the Eris and the Droid, and I just couldn't get a hang of it.  The Eris doesn't have a keyboard, and the Droid is just bulky and landscape keyboards are horrible.I would give this phone a try.  The apps are improving, and the software and hardware build continue to get better.The keyboard is cramped, but it is easy to get use to.  I would go to Verizon and have them show you the gesture and notification area.

What can I say, I love this phone.  I had a Droid Eris, and it drove me nuts.  All the Apps look like they were made by a thirteen year old, and you have to have a task manager so you can kill any application you're not using anymore so it doesn't eat up battery running in the background.  The Pre elegantly handles applications, allowing you to easily switch between "cards," and when you kill an application, you actually kill an application.  The phone multi-tasks better than the iPhone.  I find that using my wife's iPhone, after having the Pre for a while, that the iPhone just is not as elegant and easy to use (although the hardware on the iPhone is much better).  The app store isn't as large as the iPhone or Android's, but the necessities are there, and what is there is usually high quality.  Its also great to have a physical keyboard.  If you get one at the Verizon store, don't buy a touchstone charger from them, they go for $15 here on Amazon.

I've had over a dozen phones and my experience with the Palm Pre has been the worst ever.  The battery dies without even making phone calls within 12-15 or so hours because it is constantly blinking when I receive an e-mail.  When I needed help in fixing something, the tech guys answering for Palm in India were never helpful.  Now, after less than 6 months of having this $550 phone, the inside of the screen somehow cracked in 6 pieces and I can not use it anymore.  Despite the fact that I have a one year warranty, Palm tech support informed me that they may not agree to fix it since it may be due to customer negligence- despite the fact that I put a protective case on it on day one and have always taken good care of it.  No wonder this horrible company is going bankrupt.

I had the original Palm PDA, before smart-phones, and loved the contacts and calendar management as well as ease of use.  However, the early Palm smart-phones were counter-intuitive and unwieldy.  With the Pre, Palm has come full circle.  I really, really like the functionality and aesthetics of the phone.  The multi-tasking has to be experienced to be believed and going online is now a pleasure rather than a slow, tedious process. Keyboard is no more difficult to use than my work Blackberry.  Check out a Youtube video to get a feel for its functions and style, I did before settling on the Pre.  Complaints I've heard have been around battery life, keyboard and number of apps.  Battery life is comparable to any high-end smart-phone, keys are as easy to use as my Blackberry and there are plenty of apps to suit me.  Apps for restaurants, directions and movies sum up the core of my needs and Palm has plenty of those.  It's the contacts and calendar functions that do it for me, though.  Makes life a lot easier!

Ok, before I rant about the battery, I want to warn Palm fanboys about the one change you need to prepare for (note: I am a huge Palm fanboy). If you aren't currently using a Treo or Centro phone, skip the next paragraph.Not a complaint, just some advice because Palm has ALWAYS been the best at contact/calendar management. No one else comes close. If you like the way PalmOS has always sync'd directly with your PC (Outlook, Palm Desktop, etc) - you will need to buy a 3rd-part application to do that with the Pre or Pixi. Palm has dropped support for that. It can synch with an Exchange server like a Blackberry (my company won't support it) or with Gmail (I will never share my contacts with Google, Yahoo, or any other public site). Most of these apps come with a trial period. I recommend that you have it installed on your PC before you do any contact sync or email set up. It worked flawlessly and it's just like I've been doing it with Outlook for many years. When setting up your Pre for the first time, skip the step to set up e-mail so you can synch your contacts with a third party app first. IT's much less confusing.Oh, and DON'T sync with more than one 3rd party app, because you will duplicate every contact. The Pre is able to see the duplicates and show them as a single contact (sort of) but I tried it with more than one, and I had to do a hard reset and then sync with only one 3rd party app to de-dupe the contacts. PocketMirror does wireless sync, but it is VERY slow with my 3,000 contacts. It's a litte faster via Bluetooth.  CompanionLink is much faster, but requires a USB cable.Ok, for those who don't care about contact/calendar sync, or who get one of the 3rd party apps, here is my summary of the Palm Pre: FANTASTIC!It is very close to the iPhone in ease of use, innovation, etc. Each has a few unique advantages. But, the Palm wins on the stuff I care about - multitasking being a major item... I can listen to music AND surf the web. Can't do that on an iPone, iPad, or any other iDevice. That's huge.The ONLY complaint I have is battery life, which is non worse than an iPhone. Palm has made major improvements with 1.4, and needs to keep working on it. Battery drain goes down after you have had it a few weeks, because then you aren't playing with it 7x24. 3G access is what uses the most battery, just like the iPhone. I bought a Siedio extended battery from Amazon.com to provide some improvement, and reducing screen brightness also helps. But, if you are doing a lot of web browsing, tweeting, etc... it's going to drain about 10% per hour - but no worse than the Motorola Droid, by the way. I get about 8 hours of heavy web use, once you've charged the battery for a few cycles.So, carry a spare battery (another great feature the iPhone doesn't have - you can quickly swap batteries) - or get an extended life battery like I did. Other than that, I also wish it had a soft keyboard and a few things that would make it easier to surf and text in landscape mode...If Palm would add a few refinements like better landscape support,it would be a perfect phone.And the icing on the cake? The network, of course! The Pre+ runs on Verizon, and not AT&T.; That drives all my iPhone fanboy friends crazy. It was well worth the wait for Verizon to get this phone. I recommend this for everyone... I especially recommend this phone for iPhone users so they can get off the AT&T; network...Now Verizon can say "there's an App for that" as well as "there's a map for that", and that, my friends, makes this a terrific phone!EDIT: Palm recently released version 1.4 (which auto-magically updates your phone over the air) and it has improved battery performance greatly. They also added the ability to take movies and edit them right on the phone. Perfect for putting videos on facebook and twitter, etc.Folks, you REALLY need to try this phone.

Update: After having the Pre Plus for about 15 days, I ended up turning it in for a Motorola Droid. I really like the Pre but could not get use to the tiny keyboard and the screen size was really starting to bug me. Coming from the iphone the Droid is much more comparable. I am loving the Android system and the Android Market place has pretty much what Apple App store has and for either free or much cheaper. If you don't like an app you have 24 hours to use it and get a refund if you don't like it. I am off to go review in the Droid section.Let me start by saying I love the iPhone but I do not love AT&T; and AT&T; does not love me. I was tired of family/friends complaining of lost/failed calls when I was talking to them on my iPhone. I know this is not true for every area, but for my area Verizon is definitely the most reliable carrier. That said, I bought the Palm Pre Plus  about 10 days ago and so far I am extremely happy with it. There is not much it can't do that the iphone can. Multi-tasking is a definite plus! And I really like Tweed for Palm Twittering, it's just as good as any app on the iphone. There are a few games I miss but most of the popular ones are there with more coming everyday. The contacts sync, UI, web browsing are all excellent. I love the clear bright screen and the shape of the phone, fits great in the hand and in your pocket. I am having a little trouble getting use to the keyboard but it's coming along. I would really love to see a virtual keyboard added as well as a few landscape support. Nothing though that Homebrew couldn't fix. I'm happy to say that I have added all I wanted with Homebrew.  If I can't have an iphone on Verizon then this is the phone to have. I am a fan of nobody but what makes ME happy. And this phone makes me happy! I am now using my iphone as an ipod touch.

I will preface this review by saying that I have used Palm handhelds since 2002. I also have a family plan on Verizon which prohibits me from jumping ship any time soon. I looked at a Motorola Droid and Blackberry Storm II at a Verizon store. My role as a System Administrator allowed my to have a hands-on with the Verizon Pre Plus before buying. The additional memory and storage make a great deal of difference. I'm also partial to a hardware keyboard in portrait mode and a large screen, so in the end, I chose Palm.I've had the phone now for two weeks and I don't regret the decision. I was able to transfer my Calendar and Contacts the first day I had the phone. Add Gmail, my POP email and Exchange email, all in minutes. With the addtion of Classis, by Motion Apps, I was also able to transfer my Memos and password safe: Keyring as well. I have achieved about 90% to 95%of the functionality of my old Treo. Two things make the Pre stand above the iPhone, IMHO: Synergy and Multi-tasking.Synergy takes calendars and email and lets you view them all in one mailbox or calendar, while still allowing you respond using the correct account. I've already made use of multi-tasking to take information from a message from my wife, start a new message and forward answers to those questions to a second person.The down-side is the inevitable dumbing down of the smartphone all-together. The designers chose to make more things iEasy than to maintain the integrity of a truly great mobile computing platform: PalmOS. WebOS is a great start and I hope more people see what a decade of experience in mobile computing can accomplish and great it will continue to get.

I have had this phone now for several months and am really diggin it...I am not sure why the battery runs down so quickly, but other than that this thing is really cool...I thought that having a 16gb hard drive in it would fill up really quick...but I have not even used 4 gigs yet...I wish the phone's camera had a zoom...there are some cases that would have really helped out...maybe on the next version...

I actually switched carriers just to get this phone.. I have been a Palm user for years and when I got the Pre Plus I was in heaven.The phone is comfortable to use physically, very user friendly and has a ton of apps and they are growing rapidly (highly recommend the 3D Games in app catalog). Developers are doing a great job creating wonderful apps for this phone.The phone is so easy to use, no learning curve at all. Great for anyone!Had good experience with Verizon when purchased.  They really need to promote this phone more because I don't think it's getting enough attention in the stores and on TV. Verizon employees need more education on the Palm Pre Plus.Great Smartphone, great price, and Palm is a great company!  Will stick with them!

I've had the Palm Treo 600, the BB World,  BB Tour, and the Droid and my Palm Pre Plus isn't half as good as any of those.  The calendar is so frustratingly slow that I wait an average of 4 seconds every time I switch days before the screen refreshes and I can view my appointments.  This is using Govnah dialed up to 800 MHz.  When someone calls me, it takes anywhere between 5 and 8 seconds from when I drag the icon to answer the phone and when the call is connected.  And that usually begins a call awkwardly because I'm never sure when exactly I'm connected.  The email interface is a constant headache because it doesn't always refresh when I push it and there's no way to search emails.  There's no universal search: no way at all to search the calendar or anything in your contacts other than names.  I have installed every work-around and homebrew patch program imaginable on this phone and it still don't work one quarter as well as PalmOS or BB.  Here's the killer: THERE IS NO `UNDO'.  I can't count the times I have accidentally deleted text and wanted to bring it back.Browsing the internet is great with the pre plus and the mobile hotspot works well.  But I need the basics to work.  The developers in their rush to be more fun than iphone and androids neglected the basic reason why people like Palm: it helps them organize their life (email, calendar, memos).  Android is a great toy but unfortunately tied to google's suite of unstable and scant office tools.  BB is by far the best; if only they could make a decent browser and decent screen resolution.  Maybe BB OS 6 will change that so I can finally throw my Palm Pre Plus in the toilet.

I love this phone! I couldn't wait for it to come to Verizon, and I qualified for an upgrade about a month after it did. I went from a razr to this, and the $30 data plan is the best $1/day I spend on anything. The free mobile hotspot was an unexpected wonderful surprise now, too. So if you can get the phone at this great deal available through Amazon now for $.01, DO IT! I've used Palm PDAs for awhile, and I'm happy to be able to consolidate to a phone and PDA together and have internet everywhere. The keyboard works better than a virtual one (which I added via an app but don't use) and I love the shape and look of the phone and that it fits in my pocket. I feel sorry for all the people I see carrying around their bigger phones. The screen is bigger than a regular Blackberry and very high def. YouTube videos, Facebook, and mobile websites all work great. And multitasking will spoil you immediately!

I did it! I finally got rid of my Windows Mobile phone and got a Palm Pre Plus, and I love it.The Palm OS is so much fun and easy to use! Windows Mobile is great only if you use Outlook, but if you use a bunch of other things now like Facebook, LinkedIn, and other applications, Palm does a better job of having all your apps work seemlessly together. I always had trouble syncing with Windows Mobile with all my contacts and calendar. Palm has gone to great lengths to design software to migrate your calendar, contacts and e-mail over to their phones. Palm has quite a few fun apps too of its own, even if, there are not as many as Apple's. The browser and e-mail and surfing the web are easy to do. It plays music and videos including songs from iTunes in MPG4 or MPG3 mode.This phone should appeal to students, Moms and business people alike. The screen is vivid and bright. The colors are very rich. The games are addicting to play if you buy any. My sons play 3D Need for Speed and love it. I play the matching games, checkers and loaded an aquarium on mine that are fun. I keep my shopping list now on this phone. I can surf the web, read my e-mails, get e-books, get on Facebook and text message a lot easier on my Palm Pre Plus than on my any of my Windows Mobile phones.I have not had the battery issues others worry about. Palm just updated the phone which allows the applications to open really fast and which extends the battery life. Plus, by tweaking the brightness of the phone, etc., I get my Palm Pre to run all day long. I also bought another battery and a car charger just in case I need to use it for longer. Also, other phones have battery issues as well. My son's iPhone battery runs out often too. If he watches too many videos, his iPhone needs a recharge every 3 hours. The batteries from many phones need to catch up to all the ways people use their phones now.I also got this phone because it has a physical keyboard. I got tired of the touch virtual keyboards since it's too easy to make mistakes with them. The Palm Pre Plus' keyboard is comfortable and easy to use, I find.The only warning I have is that this phone is touch screen to the max, which makes it either super fun to use, or will make you super frustrated. There are no buttons, balls or scrolls to navigate with this phone. The stylus found on other Palm devices is gone. You touch, swipe or pinch the screen to open and close your apps, but it takes half a day or so to get use to the feel of the phone. It's not intuitive. At first when you get the phone, you'll feel that anything you touch opens up. That will annoy you at first until you get use to the phone which is why I gave this phone a 4 rating instead of a 5. Palm does include a quick user's guide on all the ways to touch the screen. In addition, one can not easily edit documents with the Palm Pre software, but a new application might be developed soon on this, I hope. That being said, people who want an alternative to the iPhone would probably be very happy with the Palm Pre Plus.The Palm Pre Plus has been overshadowed by the iPhone and Droid. I was an original Palm user when the Palm Pilot first came out, and then switched to the iPhone, Blackberry Storm and Windows Mobile (Samsung Omnia and Motorola Q). My opinion is that the Palm Pre Plus is the best for my money and for my needs. I would highly recommend the Palm Pre Plus, especially after the new upgrade, if you are looking for a fun touch phone. In fact, I think Palm should use their WebOS to design a touch tablet or netbook too.New Update: Now Verizon is offering the Palm Pre's mobile hot spot for free. This is like $49 a month in savings! It's a huge feature where you can connect your phone to your laptop and browse the internet or send e-mails no matter where you are.

Bottom Line up Front:  I am very satisfied with this phone and would recommend it to those looking for a nice balance of work-related functionality with the "fun factor" associated with the iPhone.What I needed: access to email on the go, ability to synchronize my calendar and contacts with Microsoft Entourage (Outlook for Macs), mobile web-browsing, and ability to read Office docs and PDFs.What I wanted: to use my phone as a mobile hotspot for my laptop and to perhaps retire my ailing iPod Nano.  Productivity-robbers (video games, etc.) were not that important to me, I wanted a phone that could serve as a creditable media player.Why I went with the Pre Plus:  as an early-PDA adopter, I waited a long time to make the smart-phone plunge.  This was the first phone that was able to lure me over.  I urged the saleswoman to talk me into a Blackberry or Android device, but several hours of comparison-shopping brought me back to the Pre Plus.  The deciding factor: at no additional cost, I can use the phone as a wireless hotspot for my laptop.  When Verizon first offered the phone in January, this was a $40/month service.  It's now included in your basic data package, and it works great.Other compelling features: it works very well as a phone (and I don't feel as though I'm holding a media-player to my face); the software and hardware are seamlessly integrated, making everything intuitive; I can run multiple apps simultaneously without any discernable performance issues (this includes checking email & web-browsing while on the phone); and a recent OS update lets you edit videos on the phone--very useful if you, in fact, send videos from your smartphone.Disappointments: only one of them is hardware-related and, thus, incurable--the keyboard is somewhat cramped.  This said, I like it better than any Blackberry keyboards I tried.  I second CNET editors' recommendation that the next version should have a landscape (vice portrait) oriented keyboard.  All of my other gripes are software-related and may be improved upon through updates.  Foremost among these: no support for [...].  Audible plans to provide it, but it's not here yet.  Copying and pasting (particularly from webpages) is not as convenient as it might be.  The ability to edit Office docs is on the horizon, but not yet available.  The installed music player is a bit too basic.  Not all of the apps support portrait viewing (i.e. the screen doesn't always rotate with you when you turn the phone on its side).  Until recently, Palm didn't provide developers access to the phone's mic, so "music hunting" apps like Shazam aren't yet available (but the music app Pandora is incredible as is).  All of these features, however, are likely to soon be available.  Regarding the limited number of apps vis-&agrave;-vis the iPhone and Android: I wasn't really worried about it because everything I need IS available and I don't need more productivity thieves.  Nevertheless, my pre-purchase research indicates that the issue has not been a lack of interest from app programmers but rather Palm's limited capacity to work with them.  With HP's purchase of Palm, the capacity (and a guarantee that WebOS is here to stay) has arrived.Editorial regarding other reviews:  in the wake of HP's purchase of Palm, I've seen industry analysts refer to the WebOS as a wonderful operating system stuck in a pair of crummy phones (the Pre and Pixi).  I doubt these commentators have ever used the Pre, which won a CES "best of show" award when released and has been well reviewed elsewhere.  Another analyst likened the Pre to Cadillac's ill-fated Cimaron--an effort to make a Caddy for the masses.  He declared that the Pre was neither the luxury model (the iPhone) nor the economy platform (Android)...it was stuck in no-man's land.  I'd counter that this is the Subaru of smartphones: not everyone may get it, but it does everything quite well, it's smart, it's fun, and it's practical.  It is, in other words, exactly the phone to pull me into the smartphone market after years of waiting.

I upgraded from a Smasung Omnia running Windows Mobile 6.1.  The experience was like using Windows on a computer - functional, slow, utilitarian, with a fair amount of frustrations.  Then I upgraded to a Pre Plus.  What a difference!!WebOS is amazing.  It is comparable to the iPhone iOS in look and feel.  It is fast. It is elegant.  It multitasks effortlessly and intuitively.  It provides a great web-browsing experience.  It is super finger-friendly.  Synergy works as advertized.Best of all (for me, anyway), webOS is Linux-based, so it can be customized endlessly through all kinds of stable patches that the homebrew community has made easily installable, and, if you don't like the patch, easily removeable.  This last element trumps the more closed iPhone.  Palm doesn't support patches and phone hardware damaged by hacks (extemely rare, if nonexistent) aren't warranty-covered, but Palm does know of and encourage the homebrew community.  In fact, Palm provides webOS Doctor for free, an application that will restore your Pre to its original software configuration, then the Pre will download all paid apps and settings from the automatic, cloud-based backup!Palm has over 4000 commercially available apps, and over 5000 when including homebrew apps.  The number is growing.  While not at the scale of Apple's App Store, Palm's App Catalog has many of the same popular titles at the same low prices, including sophisticated 3D games (which the phone handles very well, with true GPU 3D processing).The phone is small, but pleasing to hold.  The screen is small but bright and sharp, blowing away the Omnia's screen.  The screen is capacitative as well, making it very touch-responsive (even with my screen protector on it).  The keyboard is a revelation after having spent a year trying to type on a WinMo touchscreen.  The build quality feels at least adequate.  The accelerometer is very responsive and smooth.  The GPS locks in within a minute or two, even in my house.  WiFi connections have proven reliable, strong, and fast.I'm way happy with the phone. I agree with the reviewer who found it hard to put down.  I agree with the reviewer who marvels that Verizon doesn't sell this phone harder.  Verizon is literally giving them away, not even requiring a rebate.If I could, I would deduct a half-star for some minor issues.  Battery life is poor, a little less enduring than even the Omnia.  The email and phone app are missing a few conveniences, requiring an extra finger swipe or two to accomplish common tasks.  Verizon's 3G network drags on the phone's web-browsing speed. The finish on the phone is finger smudge-tastic.I know the iPhone pretty well, and the Palm Pre comares at least as well to the experience provided by the iPhone through the 3GS.  I know WinMo phones very well, and the Pre rocks them all up to and including WinMo 6.5.  I don't know Android at all, except that fast Android phones aren't FREE.  And the news from HP indicates that webOS will continue to have its support and development attention on phones and other HP devices.  I'm way happy with myselection.P.S. While using a brand that comes in a distant fifth in market share may cause some consternation, there is a silver lining - clearance-priced accessories!  The Touchstone inductive charger (which works through my hard case) is a classy, neato idea that can be had for $20 on Amazon and at Verizon stores (MSRP = $50, $70 with the specializedback cover that is normally included with the Verizon Pre).

From the beautiful display to the touch screen -- the layered calendars and the Synergy feature that links contacts from Outlook, Gmail and Facebook -- I can't say enough about how much I love this phone.  The battery life is much better than I had with my previous phone, the Palm Centro -- it charges quickly, and lasts all day for me, despite working in an office with lousy cell phone coverage. Lots to explore in the apps catalog, many useful and fun apps.  The only real issue I have is something that I anticipate will be fixed in a future software update, and that is the lack of voice dialing, so if that's a dealbreaker for you (at least until Palm issues a fix), then be aware before you buy the phone.  My workaround for the time being is to pair it with a bluetooth headset or my vehicle GPS, and limit calls in the car to receiving, or to only dial outgoing while stopped.  I got this on a Buy One Get One Free offer from Verizon Wireless, and my son is also very happy with this phone.

My last phone was a Palm Centro which I really did not have much liking for. As soon as I completed my 20 months with it I started to look for another phone to replace it. I have a Blackberry curve which happens to be my work cellphone.Since BBs are known for their smartphone capabilities I decided to look at the Blackberry storm2. But it was as good looking as a blonde babe and equally dumb. I thought the touchscreen system was a gimmick and the interface was nowhere near to what I would call appealing. The other BBs (curve or bold or whatever it is called now) were not really appealing to me. They do emails fine but when it comes to browsing or any sort of entertainment they are plain horrible. The new motorola Devour was out of my little list even before I took a look at it due to Android 1.6 (old OS droid has 2.1). So the obvious choice was the Droid and the Palm Pre. The pixi was also out because of smaller screen and slower processor/less memory (it costs less too but i wanted a powerhouse smartphone).The Droid has a terrible keyboard. The keys are so flat that it does not give me any confidence while typing. The pre although not as good as a Blackberry keyboard was still much better. After entering a few contacts I was able to type at a reasonable speed. (reasonable with respect to cell phone levels; Almost as fast as with my BB).So the phone I chose? The Pre Plus of course. And what was that I liked about this phone?1) It has a large touch screen "AND" a physical keyboard. I use my phone for emails and to take notes a lot and need the physical keyboard for that. I also use it for web surfing and therefore the large screen.2) The hardware is of good quality. This is a subjective thing so I suggest you go and check it out. It also comes with inductive charging back cover which is cool (you will need to buy the touchstone charger additionally but get one from amazon if you need it since its cheap here).3) Good screen resolution and very vibrant colors. I think this screen is quite up there in terms of quality.4) Well placed buttons and minimal buttons on the phone makes up for a clean look. I don't have to worry about having to press the wrong button while on a phone call.5) The operating system. This is a long list since this is by far the best OS I have seen in any of the smart phones. The webOS is the reason I called this phone a MICRO LAPTOP. I can be writing an email and if I need to refer some info from another email I do not have to save, close and access the other email. I can do it on the fly. It just makes doing things much faster. You will realize this when you spend some time with this phone. I can record a video, crop it and save, email or upload it on the web right away, same with pictures. The way it saves my contacts is just amazing. All the contacts can be accesses in a single place without any duplicates. I also like the way you close apps with a flick towards the top. The left to right flick gesture in the gesture area to go back a menu or the tap to get the app to a card view are all such refreshing changes. I was literally hooked on to this phone for the last three weeks. The web browsing experience is also amazing. I have stopped using my laptop at home and use this (with wi-fi) to browse the web now. No need to wait for the laptop to turn on or set mouse or anything. From my personal experience with webOS, I suggest you spend some time with it in a store and see it for yourself. I don't have words to explain the full potential of this operating system. It is truly amazing.6) The notification system is amazing. You should definitely check this out in the store. Ask the sales rep to show about the notification system. Basically it lets you know that there is an email or text or anything else without taking you out of your current environment. Whether you are browsing the net or just checking email you will be given just enough information in the notification bar so as to let you decide if you want to respond to it or not.7) Palm thanks for not underestimating my technical ability and letting me change the battery myself. Yes you can change the battery. You can also get a high capacity battery for about $50. Some of you who like toy around with your gadgets will need this. The reason for this is in point number 9 below.8) App catalog. Yes I like the app catalog. It only has about 2500 apps as of this writing. But the reason I like it is that Palm allows you to download and install apps on your phone other than from the Palm app catalog. You can get a bunch (about 700 in total as of this writing) of web distribution apps or Homebrew apps at precentral and install them on your phone. The webOS is the easiest platform to program on so you can expect tons of apps for this to be released in the very near future (next 3 to 4 months).9) Overclocking your phone. The Pre Plus comes with a Texas Instrument OMAP processor which runs at 500 Mhz. The processor is actually designed to run at 600 Mhz. The reason palm underclocked it is to save battery (more on that below). You can unofficially overclock it to 720 Mhz or 800 Mhz. Check out youtube videos of the overclocked phone and you will see the difference in the speeds. It literally blazes through apps. App launches are instant. There is hardly any delay or lag. This is the reason for the larger battery.So every phone has its negatives. What are the negatives for the pre plus?1) The battery is a bit underpowered to run the entire day with heavy use. For me not much of a deal since I keep it plugged into my laptop at work. You can do that or get the larger battery which is only $50. I say "only" $50 since other batteries for other phones cost quite a lot than this.(yes I am talking about the iphone).Thats it. I really have no other issues with this phone. I suggest you go to a store and check out the phone for yourself. Be sure to spend at least 10 minutes with this phone before you make a decision on this phone. This is truly a gem in the sea of smartphones out there.If you have already decided to buy one I suggest you get a Zagg invisible sheild on. I got one on mine so I don't scratch the display.P.S. I am in no way affiliated with any of the websites or companies named in this review. I provided you this information so that the research I did during the process of buying the phone could help you in your decision whatever that may be.Good Luck!Update 4/20: Dropped my pre from almost 4 feet today. I did not do it intentionally of course. It fell face down. I prepared myself for the worse. But when I picked it up nothing happened to it. I could not believe it. My old centro fell in my car and I broke a button on it. But nothing happed to this one. Nothing! I still cannot believe it. (I had the invisible shield on the display probably that protected it)Just bought the tennis game from app catalog. Its awesome. The controls are not as intuitive as a psp but good enough to kill some time in the airport. I am kinda repenting buying my psp a few months back. Its almost twice as big as a pre and only does gaming batter than a pre.Update 4/27: Until yesterday I could not get to sync my exchange server account. My company has windows SP1. I was told that the pre plus works only with windows versions SP2 and higher by the chat support. I posted it in the forums and got response from the palm tech. After changing a few setting I got it to sync with the exchange server. Now I have all my company emails, contacts and also the outlook calender right on my phone! Now the company Blackberry has to go. Also the battery seems to be holding better after a few charges as some reviewer pointed out. I also changed how often I want my personal emails to be updated that also seems to have helped with holding the battery charge.

Long time user of the Pre, I had the opportunity to use the Pre Plus, and wow! Sure, it's mostly little refinements, but the memory boost makes is easy to keep a dozen apps open at a time, the storage boost lets me carry nearly my entirely music library, and the WiFi hot spot ensures I always have the full internet with me, on the phone or laptop. I'd give this 6 stars if I could.

A perfect hybrid of the iPhone and Blackberry- but better!An arrogant and presumptuous statement you might say? Perhaps. An uneducated and unfair assumption? Hardly. With a flawless interactive touchscreen like the iPhone and a slide-out, tactile QWERTY keyboard akin to the Blackberry, this phone has surpassed ALL of my expectations.I was like all other lonely schoolboys out there on the playground albeit I wasn't out on the playground and I'm 35; hardly a schoolboy. But like the others, I was waiting in vain for my "New Every Two" discount to kick in so I can finally venture into the 21st century with a Smartphone (cue fading echo: phone, phone, phone...). I had done tiresome and extensive research on the "Big 3" that Verizon had to offer: the Motorola Droid, the HTC Droid Eris and the Palm Pre Plus (not big on Blackberrys; too yuppy/primitive/not me). My research included watching way too many videos of these phones on youtube (unboxing, walkthroughs, hacks, Chocolate Rain cameos, etc.), reading far too many blogs to mention and actually fiddling around on the phones. Using the phones. How novel. I'll make this simple:The Motorola Droid I found to be too bulky, far too heavy for a mobile device, suffering from "only child" syndrome and, from the research I did, the touchscreen was WEAK. W. E. A. K. That is problemo numero uno. Next.The HTC Droid was very high on the "Me want, me want" list. I did like the touchscreen response, fairly attractive OS and it is backed by Google which I use religiously. The strike? I was coming from a standard slider phone and doing text messages with a standard phone keypad. Going from that to QWERTY in itself is a big step. Add onscreen-only and you're asking for some serious aggravation, anxiety and frustration. What else we gots?So the Palm Pre had been getting press on it's "revolutionary" webOS and that it was coming to Verizon in January. I was only familiar with it because I would watch youtube reviews and visit the Palm website. I do have to admit that once I played with the Palm Pre I was quite enamored. The shape was ridiculously comfortable. The tactile keyboard was small but, surprisingly, my fairly nimble fingers were able to adjust with ease and the touchscreen was absolutely mind blowing. This is the ONLY phone that Verizon offers where I felt as comfortable using it as I did on an iPhone (which all touchscreens try to rival in terms of responsiveness and illuminosity).When the time came to purchase my new device, the Palm Pre Plus was at the top of my list. I had to lure my girlfriend into the depths of geekdom and let her know how great this phone was too. She relented and now she is truly addicted to this phone.One great, huuge surprise I had on this phone was the multi tasking prowess this has on it. On my second day owning it I used a GPS tracking jogging app and listened to some music on my Bluetooth stereo headset. Now I know an iPhone can't do that all at once.I can't really say enough good things about this phone. I really hope the best for Palm and if you do get one, you're going to see the huge underground following/cult of Palm Pre fanatics that just can't say enough either!

Based on 3 days with substantial use:Pros:  The UI is excellent, very intuitive, crisp and classy. Display is gorgeous.  Call quality is very good...friends commented how clear I sound while driving (both with mic and included stereo head/earphones).  Processor is fast and multi-tasking is flawless.  Web browser is excellent.  Email client with 2 Gmail accounts is very good.  Migrating my i760's contacts with Google Sync (through my Gmail account, then to my Pre) was easy.  SMS and IM are well-integrated.  Pre can function as a USB drive which makes transferring music/etc simple.  3MP flash camera is decent.  Subjectively, the Pre is fun to use.  But...Cons:  Battery life drains at up to 1% per minute of heavy 3G activity (rapid page browsing, email activity/syncing, or streaming music/video), and 1% for every 3 minutes of talk time.  (Verizon claims that an OS update in Feb will reduce battery consumption.)  Music player sounds & looks great, but you cannot create playlists on the device (there are some PIA ways to create them on your PC and then transfer to Pre which I haven't attempted yet).  The QWERTY is tiny, at only 2 1/4" wide.  The keys are raised, rounded, and rubbery, but it still requires a lot of focus to type (it's not driver-friendly) and the unit becomes top-heavy when QWERTY is slid down.  Stock document viewer does not allow editing or new doc creation, and Docs2Go isn't yet available for Pre.In summary: SWEET device, great browser, feels good in your hand... but it's presently lacking as a true music player or PDA. Pray for more apps. I like spending time with Pre, yet I'm still daydreaming about Droid.

The Palm Pre Plus is the BEST smartphone value on any carrier right now.  You cannot buy a better phone for 29.99 anywhere.  Why this phone is awesome:WebOS is a fantastic smartphone OS.  The gestures and multi touch work great.  The phone that I received from Amazon was preloaded with webOS 1.3.5, so I had to upgrade to 1.4 (the phone will eventually auto update, but I just wanted the new software quicker).  The difference between 1.3.5 and 1.4 is pretty outstanding, mainly resulting in much faster load times for apps and the video camcorder feature.  Flash plugin support is coming soon.A few of my friends have the Droid, so I was able to do some quick comparisons between the two phones and their operating systems.  WebOS is definitely just a quick as Android 2.0 and is a lot easier to use.  The great thing about webOS is that apps can easily be opened, closed, and switched between when more than one is open.  What in Android takes a few finger taps, just a simple swipe of the finger can switch between open apps in webOS.  Also, Android keeps apps open in the background even after you "close" them, which drains battery life and processor power from other open apps.  WebOS (as far as I know) closes the apps completely when you close them.  Other than that, webOS just looks better.The hardware of the Pre is also fantastic.  The keyboard is good, maybe not as good as a Blackberry's, but you can definitely type at a good speed and pretty accurately.  The touchscreen is very responsive.  You can look at a touchscreen comparison between the iPhone, Droid, Nexus One, Droid Eris, Blackberry Storm2, and Palm Pre Plus here: [..] (The Pre ranks second).  Cnet also has a comparison of screen quality between the same set of phones here: [..](the Pre ranks second). The screen is smaller than some of ts competitors, but it pays off in the fact that you don't have to carry around a brick in your pocket.  Battery life could always be longer, but if you charge it overnight so you have a full charge in the morning, you should be able to get through the day with it.  I would recommend buying the Touchstone charger to make it easier to charge the phone.The Pre does not have as many applications as Andriod or the iPhone right now.  The Palm App Catalog current has little over 2,000 apps.  The Catalog has some very good games (from EA, the same ones on the iPhone), so it beats Android in the gaming department.  The Pre Plus also comes with Verizon's official free mobile hot spot app (also free to use it), which is something that no other phne on the market has.  Extremely convenient for those a new iPad buyer or to use the internet on a laptop on the go. Palm has been expanding the user base of webOS and opening more of the phone's hardware features to developers, so the number of apps should grow faster.  Still there's usually something in the App Catalog that is comparable to whatever you can find for the iPhone and Android.In my opinion, the Pre is the best smartphone on the market right now.  The current low price, excellent webOS operating system, stellar hardware, and "just right" size.  If you're not sold by just watching the videos of the phone in action on YouTube or reading the reviews, I would definitely recommend going to a Verizon store and trying the phone out.  After you try it out, you will be sold.UPDATE: I had this phone since 3/30/10 and the screen cracked this past weekend.  This was not because I dropped it or it had any hard contact with anything.  The screen just randomly cracked.  I went to the Verizon store to see if I could get a warranty replacement (because it was obviously not my fault) but apparently any screen crack is characterized as being the customer's fault.  I left the store and called Verizon directly and luckily got a nice customer service person on the line who would replace the phone for $50.  So, just a warning to keep the phone in a safe place on your person and in some sort of case to "prevent" this from happening.

I have been using my treo 680 for the past 3 years, just because i think it is very reliable. I have loved PALM because of its strong online community support. I got this phone with the buy on get one free option from verizon. Now I can see that its already $30! with a 2 year contract. ITS IS A STEAL!There is always a comparison to the iphone because it is the most popular one. The only advantage I can see the iPhone has is its apps. My wife has an iphone and I have used it extensively when going out of the country on vacation too. There is an app for just about anything, but frankly most of them are senseless... The iPhone is a Very GREAT ENTERTAINMENT tool! FACT. I can attest to that. That's just about how the iphone is.1. Multi-tasking: this might not seem like a big deal to those who have not experienced it. BUT IT IS! Imagine doing an email for work and you have to get some information on a website, switching (swiping) between apps is so much more convenient than opening and closing one app to another like in an iphone. Other phones do some sort of multi tasking, but the webos is just the best there is. With the palm pre plus you can have as many as 50+ apps open at the same time!2. SYNERGY: this is another plus for the webos. the iphone does have something similar the mobile me, which is priced at $99 (reg) maybe $50. it backs up your phone. the webOS comes with synergy FOR FREE. it ups the ante from mobile me, it integrates your yahoo, google, aim, corporate/exchange addresses into one place and then place them into your phone conveniently.3. REAL QWERTY keyboard: I know that the iphone virtual qwerty is something to get used to. I have been surprisingly proficient with the iphone virtual keyboard. but after using a real keyboard, it was really night and day! i know some say that the keyboard of the pre is small-er than usual, but you should try it first and you will see you will get proficient faster than on a virtual keyboard.4. TETHERING: this is very unique to this hardware. only the palm pre plus has this with verizon. it can act as a wifi router to any 5 devices at a time. i dont think any phone can do this out of the box!these are the top reasons i have that i think makes the palm pre plus special. It is MORE of a fusion of an entertainment and productive tool and definitely smarter than other smart phones in the market :D c'mon for $30?! isn't this like robbing already?! :D

I have used many of smart phones that are out and the Pre is hands down my favorite device to use for the simple fact is its Simple. The webOS is so smooth and easy to use and with the notifications not interrupting when I'm watching a YouTube video is amazing.Palm has really stepped the game up over BlackBerry and even over the Android platforms. Multitasking is HUGE and is the best on the market, as NO ONE is close to being as good as them for this. So now I can watch a YouTube video or play a game and swipe up and it will pause the game or video I can send a text and come back to my game or video and pick up right were I left off.I promise that you wont be disappointed with any Palm device you get.

Even if I would not use the phone at all, the battery will drain before 18 hrs. However if I talk for 15 - 20 mins, browse for 5 mins, stay logged in IM and get my emails after 1 hr; then the battery will drain in about 7-8 hrs.It sucks

This is by far the best smartphone on Verizon. I will not compare it to the Iphone or BB because they are very different devices. But I will say this if you love your Iphone and or your BB then you will love this device. I recently got this palm pre plus and I can't put it down it is simply amazing. From the feel in your hand to the tiny but tolerable keyboard this device is very sleek. Web0s is an awesome experience. Overall if you are looking for a device on verizon do not pass on the opportunity to behold this piece of art.

Pretty much what everyone else says. Smokes other phones. Buy a spare battery or two. webOS is fabulous. Verizon throwing in 5GB of free hotspot goodness is excellent. Unlimited data download on the phone itself.

Verizon has refused to publish this review on it's Palm Pre review site. I have tried twice.---------------------------------------------------------------I have had my Palm Pre for a little over two months. I have used it in a variety of locations in Northern California and in Tulsa, OK.3G Speed: This phone is slow. I test the speed of phones on the 3G using the simple test at [...]On several different occasions I have used this test to compare my Pre with other Smart Phones in Verizon stores. Those other phones are consistently 4 to 5 times faster than the Pre. A recent example was at the Verizon Store in Cupertino, CA. My Pre tested several times at 215 kb/sec. The Droid and the LG Alley both tested consistently at 950 kb/sec.WiFi Speed. Once again, this phone is slow. I have used the above test to test the WiFi speed of my Pre compared to my iPod Touch and random other Smart Phones as available. Those other devices are inevitably twice as fast as my Pre. Also of note is that the phone turns off WiFi when in Airplane Mode. This means that if your flight provides WiFi, you will not be able to use WiFi.GPS: My experience is that the GPS function in this phone is horrible. A quick scan with Google tells me that I am not alone with this conclusion. It can take up to 30 minutes to get a GPS fix under clear skies. It does not always take this long but all too often it is just slow to get a fix. This can be a real problem when trying to navigate using Google Maps. If you have a good fix and a tracking well you have to be careful to not let the phone's inactivity times to turn the phone off. When this happens the GPS fix is lost. Once lost, you are facing many minutes, sometimes another 30 minutes, to get another fix. There is not way to make the inactivity timer setting longer than 3 minutes. Note: i have spent hours on the both the Verizon and Palm customer service lines trying to get better GPS performance.VZNavigator: The implementation of VZNavigator for the Pre leaves something to be desired. First there are the problems with device's GPS. The other big problem is that you are not given map detail. The only map view you get is of your entire trip. You can not zoom in on any part of the trip map. Other implementation of VZNavigator on other phones do allow zooming in on the maps. Those other implementations also have more and better freatures.Battery life: Like all Smart Phones, the battery life of the Pre is poor. Six hours off the charger without using 3G, WiFi, GPS, any Aps or making a phone call leaves me with 45% battery.Music Playlists: There is no way to make or edit playlists on the phone. Palm supplies no applications for making playlists. Palm does point you to third party aps to do the job. I have tried all the free ones. They do not work very well. I have finally figured out how manually make playlists using a text editor. It is a pain.Flash Videos: Like the iPhone, Pre does not do Flash. There was once a promise from Plam that the Pre would have Flash in the first half of 2010. That has date come and gone.The keyboard is usable for one finger typists. If you want to type a number you have to press the Green Key before typing a number. If you have a series of numbers to type, press the Green Key twice.Speaker Volume: The speaker phone volume is more than adequate. The same is not true for ring tones. I do not know why the phone can not give the same high level of volume for ring tones as they do for the speaker phone.The bottom line is that I paid $45 for this phone. I got what I paid for. I could have paid more for one of the higher end phones and got more. Speaking of paid for...Insurance: Verizon or some company associated with Verizon offers loss/damage insurance for this phone. The want you to pay around $9/mo and there is some sort of deductible. I was able to get a rider on my home insurance policy for $30/year with no deductible.

The Palm Pre Plus surpassed all my expectations.  Surprisingly, I had heard very little about it until I unearthed this gem when doing some research on a new phone.  Now that I've had a few weeks to play with it, I wonder how this phone is not dominating the market right now.  It makes my 1-yr old Blackberry look ancient.  The UI is gorgeous and very intuitive.  It was braindead easy to setup my Yahoo Mail and sync my Yahoo Contacts and Calendar.  The Mobile Hotspot app allows me to turn my phone into a WiFi router when I'm traveling. VZ allows up to 5GB/mo. to be used on this for free now.Although there aren't as many apps for the Pre vs. what the iPhone or Droid has, it has a lot of quality apps and appears to be growing every day.  As for battery life, I haven't experienced the issues that some users have mentioned.  I am on WebOS 1.4 and I can easily go an entire day with moderate usage without having to recharge it.  The feature that made my decision final when I was comparing the iPhone to the Palm Pre was the slide-out keyboard.  Touchscreen keyboards have come a long way, but nothing beats the feel of a physical keyboard for me.  I'm a bit of a texting junkie so this was important to me :)  I think I've found the perfect phone and am very happy about my purchase.

My husband was so excited when he purchased my new phone the Palm Pre, an 'upgrade' to my trusty Treo.What I like about it:1.  It's slightly smaller than the old Treo and slick to the touch.2.  The screen is bigger.3.  Browsing the web is cool, but some things are limited, like the radar maps on the weather website.What I don't like about it:1.  It is very slow.  Between the time you 'touch' a selection and the time it comes up is sometimes a second or two, so you're neve sure if it actuated.  Sometimes several 'touches' are required before the Treo registers it.2.  The keyboard is very unreliable.  I get numerous double letters for a single button press, and frequently get no letter when I push the associated button.  I have to look at the screen as well as the keyboard when I type which slows things down.3.  The ereader software is different and not as user friendly.  I use my phone as my 'spare book' when I travel and am having to get used to a less convenient format for paging through my books.4.  The emails I just can't figure out.  I get only about 1/4 the emails on my phone that I actually get.  I've tried closing my email program on my home computer and leaving the email program open on my phone, but it doesn't matter. I look at my home computer and see all the emails, and don't delete anything, but on the palm, most are missing.  Also, there is no way to send junk mail directly to a junk directory.5.  Battery life is dismal.  I might make it through the day if I keep the bluetooth turned off, maybe.  I used to get at least 3 days from my old phone.3/2/10 - Update:  I downloaded the software upgrades and today I received 2 out of the 4 emails - this is an improvement!  Other items are still as above.  Now when I have to wait for things to load I get a cuter icon.6.  Music program is not user friendly.  I have to use a 3rd party software to make a playlist, then the usb connection to download that playlist file into the same directory as the music.  You can't do it on the phone itself.7.  Big issues trying to download my contact lists.  The palm software lets you catagorize your contacts (business, personal, etc.)  The new Palm Pre dumps them all together, so it takes a ton of scrolling to get what I want.8.  New Palm software removed all the birthdays from my calender.  Not a problem caused by the phone, but still part of the whole upgrade process.9.  The apps selection is very poor, especially when compared to apple's.10.  Call quality.  Okay, this should have been my first one.  It is a phone after all.  On many calls, I can barely understand the other person.  It sounds garbled and tinny.  Again, no comparison to the old Treo.  Headphones help with this, but I don't always have them on.

After 3 defective phones within the first 6 months and endless horrible customer service by Verizon Wireless I dropped this phone.  It was hardly a drop though.  I was sitting and it was on my lap and it fell to the floor and had one small crack which rendered the phone useless.  I will never by a Palm again!  I have also been a long standing customer of Verizon and due to the way they handled the first 3 defective phones I will be switching my service once my contract is up. Basically the first Palm I had was defective pretty much out the door.  Second one defective after 30 days so I could only get a refurbished phone... which only had a warranty for 60 days.  Just after 60 days the 3rd phone went defective.  Absolutely a horrible experience. They refused to assist me and even suggested that I pay $300 to cancel my contract.  Extremely disappointing.

I got this phone after my old phone broke. I fell in love with this phone instantly. It has everything I could ever need in a phone and more. The only draw back is that the battery life is gone within a day. I charge it constantly when it is on and I have to take my charger everywhere and now I have to get a car charger. I highly recommend this phone...just buy replacement batteries!

I am very impressed with the multitasking functions. Great phone easy to use. I am verry happy with it. I would strongly recommend it.

I've been a Palm user going way back, and loved my Treo 700p through nearly four years of heavy daily use. I'm a happy Verizon customer, so waiting for the Pre Plus to arrive there required patience while everyone moved to the iPhone.  It was worth the wait!  The design turns heads, especially with iPhone users.  The true multitasking OS makes iPhone users jealous--I've had two say they will switch after trying mine.  Pre Plus makes the most of WiFi, Bluetooth, and is the only phone that becomes a WiFi hotspot for your netbook/laptop without tethering.  Palm's web syncing was seamless, and with my gmail account setup, all my contacts and calendar were wirelessly synced--and are backed up once each day with all the data on my phone by Palm, so there's no more being tied to a desktop app.  The phone is fast, intuitive, and very stable.  Battery life is good if you keep WiFi off.  The apps store is just starting to ramp up, but the best apps so far are: Commuter Computer (NJ Transit and BART), Tweed, Facebook, Kobo (try it, cloud reading--sorry Kindle), Evernote, Weather Channel, Open Table (a little buggy on the login at times), New York Times Reader, Pandora (great!), and Fandango.  As of this writing, easily the best smartphone on the market.

The Palm Pre Plus (and its kin, the Pre and Pixi/Pixi Plus) run webOS, arguably the best smartphone operating system on the marketing today. Multitasking, Synergy (combining data from many different sources), non-obtrusive notifications, and much, much more combine to make webOS devices the easiest to use, most powerful, and most fun smartphones available.Imagine this: you're playing an advanced 3D game when a call comes in. Rather than being kicked out of the game as with some other smartphones, your game pauses as the notification pops up at the bottom of the screen. You take the call, maybe reference your calendar as you discuss your weekend with a friend, and then when the call is done you click on the game's card and pick up exactly where you left off. Then, as you get a little farther along, you receive a notification of an incoming email, maybe one you've been waiting for. Again your game pauses, and you have a choice: swipe the notification away, ignore it (as it fades into the background to await your action), or click on it to open the email in the Email application. Once you're done, you click on the game's card again and continue on.This is the power of webOS: it lets you do what you want, when you want to do it, easily and efficiently. With a growing App Catalog, the most developer-friendly environment, and all the features you could ask for, you can't go wrong with the Palm Pre Plus. And Verizon's network is pretty good, too.I wouldn't trade my webOS for anything else that's out there today or will be coming tomorrow. Go for it--you won't regret it!
