
First off, let me explain my title. The Vibrant is T-Mobile's official superphone because it is sold at T-Mobile whereas the Nexus One was being sold by Google. There you have it.Let me start off by saying that I was an early follower of Android with the first T-Mobile G1. Android has definitely come a long way since then, in hardware and software.I admit, I hated the G1's hardware so I sold it and moved on to the Blackberry Bold. With the Bold, I hated the software but loved the hardware. Unfortunately, my Bold's LCD cracked. I didn't want to purchase another phone yet, I was waiting out on all the new stuff that is suppose to come out such as the G2, Thunder (if it's TMO bound) and etc... I had no choice, I needed a phone so here I am with the Samsung Vibrant.First, photos of this phone doesn't do this phone justice. I was a little wary at first because it has an iPhonesque shape to it (Maybe that's why they took off the physical home button from our many versions). After seeing it in the store, I fell in love with the phone. The design is wonderful. The phone is very light (actually too light for my taste but that's all about preference). Let's move on to Pros and ConsPros-Nice screen size. 4 inches is perfect. It's not too big or too small.-Super AMOLED screen is beautiful and must be seen in person. Best screen I ever laid eyes on. If you are considering, go check it out in person. Again, pics and vids doesn't do it justice.-Android!!!-Battery not spectacular compared to my Bold but much better than the G1. Should last a good part of the day. (People state that the don't want to turn the brightness down from 100. I have mines on 50 and it's still beautiful, I don't think you need it that bright all day. Get a brightness widget and turn up when you need it)-Camera. This is a great camera. I told myself that I wouldn't get a phone without flash after the G1 but this Vibrant camera is wonderful. Night mode feature is great and very useful, you wouldn't even think about flash anymore. Trust me, the camera has a lot of useful features and the 720p video recording is awesome.-1Ghz Hummingbird processor. Very speedy and didn't notice any type of lag whatsoever.Cons-I don't like the placement of the Micro USB port on top on the phone. It just seems weird.-The plastic battery plate. I mean it's nice and comes with a different style spare but seriously? I wished it was metal or something similar.-Touchwiz UI. I don't like the iphonesque UI here. I wish it was stock Android but we could always change that later on......lol....There you have it. I recommend this phone, that's why I wrote this review. If not, go into a T-Mobile store, you can buy it and try it for 14 days. You can always return it but with this being their best phone, I don't think you would have a similar alternative if you did exchange it.....

Pro:-Best Screen at a Phone (Super AMOLED) Vibrant detail and very deep black kinda like Plasma vs LCD in TV comparing other phone. Much more vibrant details than Iphone, black level is very noticable.-Light and Compact design, screen has gorilla scratch resist. My cat drop my phone ike 4 feet in hard wood floor it still no visible damage.- Great sound, work flawless with buetooth stereo headset.- Pack with Avatar whole film and Sims 3.- Amazing Video Playback, especially with HD video.- Catch good image and video for a phone, in good lighting like outdoor under good lighting condition it can cature some spectacular image and video.Cons:- Screen resolutoin is lower than Iphone, not as sharp in text compare to Iphone, outdoor view bright sun viewis still not as good as LCD- Not good battery life, had to charge every night. unless you not using the phone in anything just stanby, but stanby would die like 3 days if no charge.- Still NO Update from Samsung in 2.2 not sure if T-Mobile delay or Samsung, Wish all Android phone get continous update like Nexus.- Video playback not as good as the little brother Wave which has better video playback like support subtitle in MKV, the vibrant can't play many of MKV file which claim it can.- GPS not working properly even after the restore appts, it still a big lag.- Lack picture/video shuttle button, no camera flash.- Lack Front CameraThis phone could easily be much better if just had this 3 feature such as front camera, back flash, and 2.2 out of the door.

This phone has everything in a phone I could wish for. The Internet is really fast. The screen is so vibrant and colorful. Endless amounts of games and apps to choose from, especially with 2.2 now. I hardly use my laptop now that I have this phone. Very convenient to check all my cyberspace stuff on my phone at all times. All you have to do is just speak the website you want and the phone goes there. With swype keyboard I can send email and text faster than I ever could on my laptop. Screen is a very good size at 4 inches. Ive had this phone for about 1 month now and really love it! If there is one downside/con to this phone it is the battery. I got me an extra charger and have done a lot better that way. Overall I really recommend this phone, but get an extra charger and a case to protect it. I got this case (Amzer Luxe Argyle Skin Case for Samsung Vibrant T959 - Smoke Grey) and really like it.

Great interface, really easy typing compared to other touchscreens. Brilliant video quality, wish it had a few more apps for video(netflix, amazon unbox) really fast with t-mobile's improved network. I have only two problems; first is no flash on camera, still really good camera. Second, there should be an easier way to close programs. It suggests using the back buton to close open programs, but it doesn't always work. It also suggests using the task manager which always works but you'd think there's an easier way. Overall, best phone I've ever had, and I've had allot!

I've had this phone for almost a year and can assure everyone that it is an EXCELLENT phone. The reception, and call quality are good. It is very fast, not laggy, if I remember to clean out my text messages and don't let them build up. The camera and HD video are fantastic and I've used it enough to know. I love the MP3 player, the sound is excellent, with many equalizers and effects, the speakers are loud and have little distortion. I use the apps constantly for email, internet, youtube, facebook, Audible books, Nook books, and Kindle books and music. My kids use it for games constantly. The 16gb internal memory and the external micro SD card slot are holding many, many ebooks, photos, videos, and audible books. The emails aren't kept on the phone, but they could be transferred to memory. Texting is easy with SWIPE, and voice texting is good, google voice, so many other apps are available on the android markete place. This phone has everything. There is now a newer Galexy S 4g with Froyo 2.2. I will get that one later when my contract renews. The battery lasts all day but gets used up when the beautiful 4"amoled screen is on, so I turn down the brightness, and turn off the screen when I don't need it. I love this phone and I highly recommend it to everyone.

I've owned a Vibrant for about a month now, after owning several other Android devices.  At first glance, this seems like a terrific phone - a large, beautiful screen, fast processor, and plenty of onboard storage, before you even get to your SD card.  But there are a few things that really mar the experience.GPS is terrible, even after Samsung's fixes.  When using it to locate yourself, it's going to take a lot of patience and luck to get the GPS to locate you.  The precision is way off, and this makes a lot of GPS related functionality, such as navigation, very unreliable.A couple of LED's would have gone a long way on this phone.  A front notification LED would have been nice for missed calls, SMS's, or emails.  You can install noled from the market to help, but it's a poor solution.  A rear LED would have helped with low light photos or videos.  The camera is really very good, but the LED would have helped.Shipping with Android 2.1 and not having 2.2 by today (December 2, 2010) is inexcusable.  There is a lot of really neat software that simply won't show up in the market because you're on an outdated operating system.No navigation pad/trackball - this might be forgiveable if it shipped with 2.2, as it has better support for text selection, but using 2.1 without a navigation aid, when you need to correct one word?  Be prepared for a lot of frustration.  I'm sure they omitted it to have the clean face presentation of the phone, but it sure is a sacrifice in functionality.Besides those 4 things, which were really dealbreakers for me, the phone is really nice!  I don't care for touchwiz, but that's alleviated by installing another launcher, such as launcher pro.  And everything else about the phone is really nice.  Just consider what you're getting yourself into, when you're lured in by the big beautiful screen - there are some flaws that really hold this phone back from what it could have been.

The phone's hardware is amazing.  The screen is beautiful and the camera/video recording are great.  However, when one digs deeper, there are some major flaws with this phone that Samsung refuses to address.  For many users, including myself, the GPS does not work properly.  This was supposed to be addressed with the JI6 software update, which was a failure.  It actually made my GPS more inconsistent.  The volume buttons become loose after several uses.  The beautiful screen has some serious flaws including a screen door effect.  The company has also promised Android 2.2 repeatedly, stating that the update will come by the end of 2010.  Well, 2010 has come and gone, yet there's been no update.  The company only gives vague boiler plate responses - "Due to the complexity and unique functionality of each Galaxy S device, we are performing additional testing and are working to make the Android 2.2/Froyo upgrade available to all U.S. Galaxy S owners, including the Samsung Vibrant, as soon as possible."  This statement is released, despite the fact that company has released the software update to all of its Galaxy S devices outside of the US.  I'm sure it has nothing to due with the Vibrant + being released very soon.  More like "due to the complexity of us releasing new, virtually identical phones with a higher markup, we won't keep your phone current."  After this debacle, I will never buy another Samsung product.  The company attempts to take advantage of open source software and treat it like closed source.

I actually went to the store and got this the morning it came available. I have been using BlackBerry phones the last few years as well as Archos media players. I also work from home and am a software coding geek. I got the Archos 5 32 GB Internet Tablet with Android, which I highly recommend. (especially if you don't get this phone) What I noticed is that I stopped carrying my BlackBerry around the house all the time and started carrying my Archos. BlackBerry is awesome and the new 9800 slider with OS 6 looks very nice... but I'm over 50 and like a bigger screen. I'm waiting for a good 7 inch tablet with everything. Phone wise switching from a BlackBerry to Android was unnerving. I'm not interested in an iPhone. I like expandable phones and I like T-Mobile as the most cost effective carrier. What follows is why I was comfortable switching.I had hacked the Android Market onto my Archos and was familiar with lots of apps. I just got the Android Kindle app and Fox News released an app. Hint, they have iPhone and now Android... No BlackBerry. Why do people have BlackBerry phones? Well for one thing a physical keyboard has always been faster than a touch screen, and more accurate. For another thing being able to use your own domain name email easily and pack up to 10 accounts on your phone with push mail is what makes it king.This is where it gets good. I tried a program called K-9 Mail on Android some time ago and didn't like it. It's an open source email program. Now this phone does easily allow you to have more than just gmail and does a fine job... but K-9 Mail has improved a LOT! It now does push mail from IMAP accounts. Let's face it, if you are using a phone and a PC for the same account it better be able to do IMAP. I tried to get in on the recent Swype beta. I never got my email. There is another very nice keyboard worth trying called Swift Key. Lately though I've been really falling in love with Swype. It seems I can type as fast or faster than with my BlackBerry 9700 but also as it does on the fly correction and learning I type more accurately. I find myself annoyed on my PC that it is so damn dumb now. That's the big two. As for security and stability I can't give the long term, but reading on developing Android I'm convinced it's closer to BlackBerry than iPhone.Of course the rest of this phone is truly awesome It's blindingly fast and I'm giddy thinking how much faster it will be with Froyo. It's got gobs of memory so I don't find myself worrying about killing programs. I took the screen outside right away to see if I could read it and I could! Unfortunately the one downside to this screen is that you should carry a cleaning cloth because in sunlight you will see smears instantly.I was using Twidroyd on my Archos and tried the new Twitter client and was unimpressed, but I tried Tweetcaster which was a pig on my Archos and this phone handles it great. If you like to game you will love this. It has 3x the triangle rendering speed of any other phone! Get a Wii remote and the Android software. I even tried an AV cable from the 3.5 mm jack to play video on my TV. For some reason it looked like it wasn't getting sync right because it was all garbage. I don't know if another cable might have fixed it but as I saw some video it seems more software or something, but I read this works on European phones and there was a place to select NTSC. Maybe I needed to set my TV to standard definition? What really impressed me was I have a portable HD recorder and I had made videos in 720p at 30 fps as My Archos can play these files and output them to TV through the dock. To my delight they play flawlessly on this phone. That's no small feat on an 800x480 screen. Everything on this phone is snappy!My worst moment was answering my first call when I didn't realize you swipe, not click, the green image. I got the second call. I also use the Google Maps Navigation and downloaded the text to voice. Awesome! Unfortunately it took me to a place several blocks from my destination. I read about it online and while an OTA fix is on the way I followed the instructions to change settings and make GPS work right. I got an instant lock from in my house. My best moments were using my phone to record sales in my booth in Portland Saturday Market where several guys were talking and one asked if it was an iPhone and the other said it was better than an iPhone because it was Android. Perception is an interesting thing.One last note, the battery is supposed to be really good on this, but it's really just okay... if you're not a habitual geek reading Twitter, browsing the web, showing people videos and taking pictures. The remedy is extra batteries. I couldn't find them on Amazon but on ebay I got 2 batteries and a wall charger for $14 with free shipping. I paid more than that for one BlackBerry Battery. Finally for those who say this is small and cheap feeling, it is svelte and sexy. It does lack a flash, but I got the best pictures of my cats without redeye ever. This phone could be more perfect if it came with a supermodel for a personal assistant, but short of that there isn't much to complain about. I love it!Best phone, best price, best network. T-Mo is running as fast or faster than my Clear connection in Portland!

T-mobile, the first carrier to even have an android phone (the G1), blew its lead with the OS on a stream of mediocre handsets.  While the other carriers got newer and better devices, T-mobile lagged behind, until now.  Finally, at long last, a quality handset has arrived: the Vibrant.  With its good looks, blazing fast speed, and quality OS, T-mobile customers can finally upgrade to a great phone.*Hardware*The Good:-The first thing you notice about the Vibrant is its big beautiful screen.  The 480x800 AMOLED screen is sharp and beautiful, easy to type on, and shows plenty of detail.-The phone itself is thin and light, with a nice curve near the bottom to hold onto.-1 GHz Samsung Hummingbird processor is faster in benchmarks than a 1 GHz Snapdragon and offers enhanced graphics procesing-The buttons are not buttons but touch sensitive surfaces, like a flat screen TV.-16gb of onboard storage is awesome.  Add a 32gb microsdhc card and you've got 48gb, more than the iPhone.-3G connection takes advantage of T-mobile's ever expanding 3G network, currently the fastest of any carrier in many cities.-5 megapixel camera takes decent pictures and records video at 720p.The Bad:-The big compromise here is the camera.  While the EVO and Incredible have 8MP cameras, the Vibrant has only 5MP.  Flash and Front Facing Camera are glaring omissions from this otherwise high end phone.-The plastic feels a bit cheap, but this is the case with most phones these days.-Garish T-mobile and Samsung logos detract from the smooth appearance.*Software*The Good:-Android 2.1 is stock on the phone with a promised upgrade to 2.2 in the near future.  The latest versions of android are fast, more battery efficient, and have fewer "force close" errors.  Some highlights include animated wallpapers, 7 home screens, and support for flash in web browsing.-The interface is fast and smooth.-Samsung has managed not to screw up the interface to this phone like it did on the Behold 2.  The customizations are useful and unobtrusive.*Included Accessories*The Good:-2 backplates (shiny blue or shiny purple) for customization.-Nice gelly earphones are higher quality than most phones.-Charger is a solid usb/wall combo.-Avatar movie shows off the phone's beautiful screen.-Free Sims 3 game is a fun way to kill some time.The Bad:-2gb MicroSD card is a bit lame compared to the 16gb internal memory, but easily upgradable.Overall this is a great phone.  Some hardware compromises prevent it from being the best Android phone ever, but it is still the best Android phone for T-mobile, and is the phone many customers, including myself, have been waiting for.  The phone looks great, is blazingly fast, and has plenty of bells and whistles.

I switched from iPhone 3G to T-Mobile since the Vibrant was available for free on the T-Mobile website a couple of weeks ago. Although the specs for the phone make it appear to be a really good phone and a true iPhone competitor, it fails to deliver on several key fronts which are very vital. I had the phone for just 3 days before requesting a replacement phone. But i had to return even the second phone and go back to buying the iPhone 4.1. The Screen: It truly lives up to its well advertised gorgeous AMOLED display. Even at its lowest setting, its really bright. But what use would this bright screen be if it consumes almost 40% of the battery (yes, the android battery consumption indicator indicates that the screen consumes 35-40%). This means the more you use the phone to view something, the sooner your battery dies.2. RAM: Upon start-up, almost 50% of the RAM was already being used up. Opening a few ( i don't even mean 10 here, only 2-3 apps)leaves only about 25% of RAM free. And most of the RAM is not freed up even after closing the app. Over a period of time (several hrs of usage) this will start to eat into your battery. Closing of apps is not that simple in Android, you need to go into apps settings and kill it.3. Voice Recorder (Mike): Most horrible mike i have ever used. I have used iPhone 2G and 3G before and i have gotten used to a decent quality. This one had a lot of static background noise that it was impossible to get a clear recording. My voice mail recording was so bad, even i could not bear to hear it.4. Battery: The Screen and background app running resulting in heavy battery consumption. You could easily find the need to recharge in less than half a day if you happened to make a few phone calls, a little bit of browsing, movie and GPS usage.5. Phone call quality was average at most. I felt i was listening to a completely different person when i spoke over this phone.6. Phone build: Phone is very light but also gives you a feeling of a cheap build. The back flap is nothing but a thin plastic which is susceptible to breaking.7. Android apps selection a lot less than iPhone. Not one good decent browser was available. App market not so well organized and a bit slow.Good T-Mobile customer service.Overall a phone with good specs but marred by very bad battery life, mediocre voice recorder and average call quality. You are better off spending your 100 dollars elsewhere.

There is nothing that I can add to this review that is not already known by anyone that owns or is thinking about owning a Galaxy S phone or Vibrant specifically.  The one thing I can comment on it the fact that T-Mobile and Samsung has released the Android 2.2 OS over mini Kies.  This has turn this phone into a monster that rivals everything else on the market.  This cures all the aforementioned woes of all the other reviews before mine. Here are a few features added.Voice commands mainly the Voice to Text featureWireless AP turns the phone into a wireless HotspotFlash 10.1 for superb web browsing.Wi-Fi callingGPS photo tagging (location added to the date and time stamp)These are a few features added that I can think of off the top of my head. The one gripe I have is the battery life.  So rather than complain I found a replacement.  Seek out a 3500maH batter and your woes are over. T-mobile and Samsung have renewed my faith in their ability to deliver a phone that goes toe to toe with the best phones on the market, in my opinion win.

I just purchased the Vibrant and I have to say that I absolutely LOVE this phone. I was so used to using the Samsung Messenger, that using a touch screen, just didnt want too. Because I am moving out of state, I had to switch carriers...getting the Vibrant.I have had it for a few days now and I noticed after I changed to default security code to my personal that I noticed when I turned the phone on to enter the security code, the screen would go black but the top tool bar was only showing. I would have to hit the house button for the screen to appear then enter the code. It was not doing that before. Has any one had this issue? i posted on [...] as well.

This is one of the best android phones on the market besides the front facing camera, Sammy has really out done themselves with the Galaxy S line of Android phones.Ps.If anyone needs a good case try this one:[...]

Whatever you do, avoid T-Mobile like the plague. I signed up with them for a 3-phone family plan with 2-year contract through Amazon in August 2009. I soon discovered the hidden charges and added costs were breaking my budget. So in January 2010 I went to my local T-Mobile store to discuss ways to reduce my monthly bill. The salesman suggested switching to a "no contract" plan. I was surprised I could do this, but he explained that T-Mobile would allow me to switch because it did not have the plan when I originally signed up. That June my son graduated college and wanted to get a cell phone account of his own. So I called up T-Mobile and discussed him changing carriers and how my wife and I should restructure our phone plans. At no time did the T-Mobile agent mention any problem with this idea. Then on my August bill, T-Mobile charged $200 + $31 in tax for a "contract termination fee." I called them and asked, how could there be a contract termination fee when there was no contract? The agent said I should have known I still had the original contract, although she did not deny that the salesman had told me otherwise and one other agent had never mentioned this. So I challenged the charge through Visa and (eventually) won. T-Mobile then suspended my service, so I contacted the FCC and filed a complaint. On the advice of the person at FCC, I deliberately did not cancel the plan. However, my December bill from T-Mobile had two additional contract termination fees, for a total of almost $700 in fees. T-Mobile also turned the original, contested-through-Visa bill over to a collection agency. Meanwhile, T-Mobile charged my Visa account a second time for the original termination fee, so in December they actually owed me money! Nonetheless, they're claiming they have the right to charge termination fees on the other two phones because I hadn't paid my bill!Since this all began, I've been told by others that this behavior is typical. This came from one person in a cell phone store and another in Citibank's Visa dispute department.T-Mobile is the worst kind of mixture of corporate arrogance and incompetence. Instead of standing up and taking responsibility for the incompetence of their agents, or the poor training T-Mobile's management gives them, they use what the FCC agent described as "fraud" and then bully, threaten, and use other dirty tricks to empty your wallet.STAY AWAY FROM T-MOBILE!

Seriously, you can carry this in your shirt pocket and not feel it.It weigh's in at just under 118 grams. (Comparatively, the iPhone weighs 135 grams and is thicker.)It's powerful and even better with Froyo. The downside is Touch Wiz, Samsung's UI really slows this phone down and the bloatware is just crap, frankly.I'd go on about the awesome super AMOLED screen but just read all the other reviews about it. Killer!I had the first Android phone, the G1 and this phone is night and day better. Highly recommend it.

Note: this phone still runs Android 2.1, which is two releases out of date.  2.2 was released in June, 2010 and 2.3 in December 2010.  What this means is that much of the most interesting new software does not run on it. Samsung has released 2.2 for it's other Galaxy S phones around the world, but is holding back the release in the US.  Until it it is updated it is badly out of date.If you want a Galaxy S that is up-to-date, buy the Nexus S.  It's roughly the same price, runs Android 2.3, has a front-facing camera and other features plus Google directly supports the updates so you don't have to deal with Samsung and T-Mobile (or another carrier) playing games.

Had mine for about 2 weeks before selling it.Pro:1.  Screen.  Watch Avatar on that is a treat for your eyes.  Screen real estate is great too.  Also, screen is really tough to scratch.2.  Dolby sound.  pretty impressive for such a slim device.3.  Size and shape.  Feels so much thiner than iphone 3Gs.  I also love the odd bump on the back.  I feel it provides character.4.  free extra back bezel is cool.  Love the purple backing.  And I am a dude.5.  Superior headphone quality and sound.6.  16gb bult-in memory.  2gb reserved for system and apps.  Still, more than enough for my use.7.  Amazing HD camcorder and camera under good light.Con:1.  SAMOLED screen also burns battery.  I have to charge it nightly.  Can not compare with iphone 3Gs.2.  Skype does not work, period.  I need it for international calls.3.  Bluetooth headset issue.  It will pair and work fine.  But after a few auto lock screens, it can no longer find my BT headset.  Blue-Ant Z9.  Never had an issue with iphone 3Gs.4.  Where is my 2.2 update?5.  GPS lock issue when "Assisted via data" is turned off.  What's up, Samsung?6.  Would it kill you to add an LED or two for the camera in the back, Samsung?7.  Would it kill you to install a bigger battery in the phone?  I am willing to sacrafice a little bulk for it.8.  For contacts, it will show all the contacts in your gmail.  Dumb.  My old G1 knew to display only "My contacs"  Hello, Samsung?I will wait for its updated version, Nexus S, and try my luck again.  Why?  Because I really don't like HTC phones.

When my G1 died, I upgraded to the Vibrant. The honeymoon was short, but breathtaking. Slim, light, big and brilliant AMOLED screen, fast, seven home screens, Bluetooth stereo, a virtual keypad that made me forget the G1's slider, and Swipe! I had doubts about Swipe, but I quickly got the hang of it. You gotta try this!The Vibrant promises to be all that a smartphone can be wrapped in a stylish and comfortable package. Memory, both on-board and flashcard, is staggeringly huge. Running a lot of background apps doesn't seem to slow it down. Coverage where I live and travel is good, but the G1 seemed to have a better antenna.Problems surfaced. Battery life running background apps is a disappointment. I installed System Panel and now monitor and kill some apps when working unplugged. I tried to use GPS without success. Several reviews noted the same thing, along with magnetic compass problems. There's a fix promised with the release of 2.2 next month. Mounting the phone via USB to my PC is a nightmare. It seems confused about whether it's connected to a computer when I plug in the charger, resulting in aberrant touch screen behavior and a constantly flashing message, "USB connected" whether the phone is plugged into anything. Turning off the screen sends it into a coma requiring roboot. I need to call customer service to work this one out.The docking accessories announced by Samsung earlier this month are unavailable. Production problems? Last-minute bugs? Vaporware?So the jury is still out. I hope I can revise this review up to what should be an unqualified 5 stars. All things considered, I really want to love this phone, and as the man says, "Love is patient..."  Up to a point.

When I bought this phone, I was very excited to experience the amoled screen, and the snapdragon processor.  The Samsung UI and Android OS are nearly incompatible.  The responsiveness of the phone is unbelievably slow, programs regularly stop working and need to be forced close (including messaging and contacts).  Save yourself the pain, go for an LG or HTC that doesn't have the communication errors associated with this phone.

I'm pretty happy with the phone's hardware. It's durable, lightweight, and the screen looks fantastic. Battery time ranges from 8-24 hours, depending on how heavy your usage is.The most pressing issue I've had with this phone is the lack of timely software upgrades from Samsung. I bought the phone in the summer of 2010. Samsung had insisted that they would upgrade the phone from 2.1 to 2.2. I (stupidly) assumed that they would follow thru with this. Every few months they promise an upgrade is just around the corner, but alas, there is no cake.It's nearly 2011, and there's no update to Froyo in sight. Older phones, with older hardware, are running more up-to-date software thanks to companies who, relatively speaking, are on the ball (like HTC).I'm quite disappointed in Samsung, and probably will not buy a phone supported by them in the future.

Let's be clear: The screen is AWESOME. Period.It's almost freakishly thin. (Certainly svelte.) The size and weight makes it almost imperceptible in your pocket.You get pretty good photos and respectable HD video with notably clean audio. And there's some preloaded fun with Avatar (looking dang good on that screen) and a special edition of Sims 3. It even has some tricks up it's sleeve, like running Google Earth.Now here's the BIG BUT: It's almost unusable.Let's start with the buttons: The power/lock button is a joke, especially on such a thin, slippery device. It's barely a pimple (on the "but") - and I don't have stumpy fingers at all. Then, there's the touch sensitive Android function buttons (Home, Menu, Back, Search), which sounds cool except they often just plain refused to respond. It sometimes took 3 or 4 "presses" to get any reaction.I came to the Vibrant from a Motorola CLIQ, so I'm no stranger to a highly-modified OS. And while Android may not necessarily be described as "elegant", Samsung ruined a completely workable UI, mangling the usability in a sorry attempt to be something it was not *coughiPhone*. (Paged, horizontal menu, huh? THAT'S original...) Oh, and thanks to all the questionable "enhancements", the thing lags all over the place. What's the point of all the power if it chokes just jumping between home screens? (Are you sure there's really a 1GHz processor in there??)Yes, as you may have heard, the GPS is definitely jacked up. I was lucky if it ever got a lock.Finally, and here's the biggest "but" of all: The reception absolutely, positively blows. So good luck with using this as an actual phone...Anyway, I returned it after 2 days and got a myTouch 3G Slide. It's got none of the glamor but completely blows the Vibrant out of the water in everyday use while costing fifty bucks less.

By Far, this has been the most advanced phone to rival the iPhone without having to deal with AT&T;'s crappy service or jailbreak an iPhone.  Everything is great, but instead of repeating all the awesome things all the other reviewers posted, here are the short list of (my) negatives:1. Unlock Screen button seems inconveniently placed and then requires you to swipe the screen to continue to unlock - seems like an unnecessary step.2. Locked (lit) screen doesn't show battery level - My old G1 and Motorola Cliq showed % of battery power left3. Mini USB Charger is located on the top.  I continually pick the phone up while charging and just assume the USB port should be on the bottom, like nearly all other phones/MP3 players.4. Contacts don't allow you to keep multiple numbers for the same person under one profile.That's it...  I'm a picky person so little things get to me, but EVERYTHING else on the phone is FANTASTIC... enjoy!(T-Mobile review - their customer service is going to pots with this required data package tied TO the phone line - they are trying to keep everyone from sharing upgrades which is going to cause me to leave them if they don't get rid of that policy by the end of my contract)

This phone is fantastic. My last phone was an Iphone 2 on Tmobile. I have now switched to Tmobile Walmart Family and purchased this phone to use on the plan.Pros:*Slick and thin and lightweight*Came with Avatar the movie (which looks fabulous)*Came with Sims3 the game*Super Fast processor*Almost unlimited features (I seem to find more things almost every week that I didnt realize were available to me before)*Beautiful Display*Many Apps*Great Camera. Camera lacks flash but has many modes/settings to compensate.*Touch screen is very receptive (comparing to Cliq Qt)*Love Android vs Iphones stupid ass propriatry software and having to deal with stupid Itunes deleting my music and uploading problems.*Loud speaker (although it's located on the back so if youre holding it wrong youd actually lessen the sound coming out but if you cup your hand behind it it amplifies it more..Cons:*Battery meter is inaccurate. When it appears to be at 50% it's actually closer to 20-30 in settings.*Battery life is short. With wifi turned on and heavy to moderate use it will barely last all day. However it lasts a while as far as calls go (I usually use a headset or bluetooth) and lasts a good 4-5 hours of streaming I heart radio via headset. I can be on the phone for an hour and a half and listen to iheart radio for 3 or 4 hours and the battery would be at about 30-40%.*No camera flash, however, it takes great pictures anyway. Ive played with the Samsung galaxies that have flash and the pictures arent that much better. Taking pictures in a semi dark room is pretty much useless though.*The puzzle piece screen is cute but seems that I cant have that and the unlocking grid at the same time??..Like I can have one or the other I'd like to have the puzzle screen and then have the password grid come up to unlock..*No notification lights on the outside. I have to open the screen to see if there are any missed calls etc. (Iphone didnt have this either)*No quick silence button on the side, screen has to be turned on to silence. No camera button either.*Cant take pictures during a call with the standard camera, works with market fxcamera though. Not sure if that was because I was on bluetooth or what.*There's no way to be able to put the cursor between letters like how the iphone has the magnifying glass thing that helps you put the cursor in a specific spot. It helps if you hold the phone horizontally and that makes it a lot easier to put the cursor where you need it. Hope upgrade fixes this...This looks like quite a list of cons but the quality of this phone outweigh the negatives. I cannot fathom having to go back to my iphone. This phone is fun to play with, go on the internet on, watch videos on, play games on, and just about everything else. This phone is just as good as the iphone 4 if not better (not having to deal with Itunes) soo glad I got it.

Shopped around for a new phone and couldn't wait to get rid of the sluggish and laughable ATT service. I live on the top floor condo less than two miles from three massive cell towers and I would get hardly any bars with ATT plus constant dropped calls. I won't even go into how sluggish and slow the iPhone responded. It was like HURRY UP AND WAIT when trying to make selections or do tasks or surf any data. Narrowed it down to the HTC DROID and the Samsung Vibrant. Read lots or reviews online. Cnet did a side by side comparison that sold me on the Vibrant. The screen is, well, just that VIBRANT and my friends have made comments about how bright and crisp the colors are. I create artwork and love showing people the photo slideshow plus the way the software organizes and displays images is really awesome. STUNNING!!! and the speed of the actual phone PLUS the speed of Tmobile is mind blowing and this is just a 3G, not a 4G. I'm thrilled to have made the switch and so far it's turning out to be, in my opinion, an iPhone killer. I gave four stars because the only gripe is that there is no flash or front facing camera like other phones. All in all a fantastic change and I'm LOVING the real 3G speeds now on Tmobile.

I got my phone on release day from my local T-Mobile store.  All I can say is "awesome phone".Phone runs android 2.1, and it's lightening fast.  I have only lost reception once and that was in a known dead spot. I have been with Verizon for about 10 years, but got absolutely fed up with their high prices and poor customer service. Going over to T-Mobile has been a welcome change. On the day this phone came out, I rushed down to the store to check it out. I liked it, liked the open o/s standard of android and was ready to buy. I mentioned to the store manager that I had seen the phone here on Amazon the night before for $149.99 and to my surprise he offered to match the price (something Verizon would have never done...they wouldn't even match their own website's price the last time I renewed my service). The manager went and looked up the Amazon ad for his paperwork and found the price on Amazon had dropped to $99.99. He proceeded to actually mat h the new lower price than what we had agreed upon.  All I can say to this is KUDOS T-Mobile!Pros:Features are top notch (5/5)Reception is good (4/5) (only because it loses a bar, sometimes two if you hold it in your left hand...still much better than iPhone's reception)Internal memory is excellent 16gb (5/5)Screen is crisp and bright (5/5)Battery life has been very good so far (5/5)T-Mobile service is much cheaper than Verizon or AT&T;Processor is extremely fast (5/5)Cons:The loss of signal when in left hand

This phone had great potential at the release time but as it turns out, it was wasted by some fatal flaws:1) GPS on this phone is just plain broken.  It functions very poorly. Samsung has tried to fix this with software update and by releasing an application but both attempts failed which can only mean that the GPS hardware is broken on this phone.  It is just plain frustrating to use it and it is completely unreliable.2) Phone was released with mid-June last year with Android version 2.1 with a statement from Samsung that it will soon be updated to the then newest Android version 2.2 bringing with it some new exciting features.  It is now over 6 months later and Samsung has failed to update the phone to the promised version 2.2 of Android.  Meanwhile Android 2.3 came out and Samsung has released a new phone with OS 2.3 on it.  They are also about to release a slightly updated version of Vibrant with OS 2.2 on it while still not making update to this older version available to its customers.  Samsung clearly wants its customers to get the latest software by buying their newest hardware - this is just horrible support to their existing customers.Do not buy this or other Samsung phones if you care about keeping your phone up to date with new Android features.  Samsung is now notorious about not supporting their smartphones - Behold II was never updated past Android 1.6 despite promises from Samsung either.  Buy HTC Android phones instead as that company has a much better track record with keeping their products updated with newest features.You have been warned.

I've had this phone for about a day, and so far I love it. Nice big screen, great, responsive, and easy to learn UI. The Android market appears to be pretty good too. Came with an extra (slightly different) battery/back cover and a decent headset.I had a Nokia E71 previously, and was concerned about the lack of a physical keyboard, but the Vibrant works great (vertical & horizontal on-screen typing and Swype all work great). I have the Vibrant syncing against GMail and my work Exchange account (email and calendar)--both were a snap to setup--and it's nice to be able to see both calendars at the same time on the phone (appointments are different colors).Only minor complaints so far are that the battery life kind of sucks (which I knew before I purchased) and the web browser sometime crashes (I was using Opera (not Mini) on the E71, but the built-in one for the Vibrant works great). I don't care so much about the battery life because I plan on buying a $5 charger from eBay to leave at work. Oh, and I've heard that some sort of "Task Kill" application for Android phones is a must, so I've taken the advice and downloaded one from the Market...No regrets with the switch from the E71 or the purchase itself.** Update: I've had this for about a week now. The battery life actually seems just fine (I was not used to the standards for "smartphones".) eBay has good deals on OEM (Samsung) chargers (car/home).

I picked up the phone 4 days ago.  I upgraded from the Motorola Cliq (and G1 before that).  This is by far the best of the Androids.  My biggest fear was going from slide keyboard to all touch screen.  I took the quick swype tutorual.....(now I'm saying, "what keyboard?").  I don't miss it at all!  The phone is fast and I love the video/movie clarity.  The sound is great (with headphones).I have however had a few problems.  The headphones are not good at all for talking.  I've tried using them about 5 times and every time, the person on the other end complained that they couldn't hear me (the speaker phone works great though).  Also, all of my 300+ contacts copied over from Google when I logged in; however, I can't save any into groups nor can I assign ring tones (the work around T-Mobile gave didn't work).  Also, I somehow erased Avatar from my SD card.  The process is to have Samsung send a new one.Overall, there is far more good to this phone than bad.  If you're on the fence; buy it!Samsung Vibrant Android Phone (T-Mobile)

Truly an iPhone competitor if not better. Having upgraded from an iPhone 3G to an iPhone 4 and finally to the Vibrant, I can confidently say I have found a phone that meets all my expectations. The iPhone 4 is a work of art, no denying it. Its the ultimate hardware device, but the Apple iOS simply doesn't match up to Android - it lacks an important factor, customization and flexibility. Android's open source model has changed the game. Its been 1 month since I made the transition to the Android platform and I do not miss the iPhone 4 or the iOS. The migration was painless; the same apps I have became accustomed to on the iPhone can be found in Google Market App, many of them free. Some of the most helpful apps I use today can only be built on Android given its open source nature and flexibility. And for the tech savvy user, you will appreciate the easy nature of rooting the Android OS which opens the door to even greater customization and flexibility options. There has been much talk of GPS and lag issues with device. This is not hardware related. With the amazingly active Android developer community, free fixes and tips have been released that have effectively corrected the problem. This would never be possible on the closely guarded iOS platform.The Vibrant as a hardware device is beautifully built, not as sturdy as the iPhone 4, but nonetheless well designed. Its form factor and weight makes it disappear into your pocket and when its in your hands, it feels comfortable and well balanced. The screen is a must see, movies and games look gorgeous. The processor is super fast and multi-tasking between apps is a breeze, after the Samsung Galaxy "lag fix" has been applied. Google term to get more information.A few other advantages:- T-mobile plans are cheaper than ATT and Verizon. You maybe able to get additional discounts if you work for a large company that offers corporate discount packages- Replaceable battery- With T-mobile's less congested network, download speeds top over 1.5MB or higher in larger metropolitan cities. AT&T; doesn't even come close. Call quality is great and I have yet to experience a dropped call.- The phone uses a standard size SIM card (iPhone uses the new micro SIMs), and can be easily unlocked with a simple (free) app, great for international travelers. Micro SIM are difficult to find in international countries- Finally as an added bonus, T-mobile is one of the few, if not the only wireless provider, to offer free tethering along with its unlimited data plan. Apps are available to make the configuration process easy, but upcoming Froyo release will have tethering built into the OS.

I'll try to keep this as brief and to the point as possible.The Samsung Vibrant -The form factor - great as it's not too big, not too small with a 4 inch screen. If you're coming from a nexus one or a droid then you may not like the amount of plastic that's in the phone or the light feel. But even though it's a plastic build, it's a compact solid build. At first glance it will remind you of a Iphone. Again, it may be a turn off depending on your tastes.Screen - hands down one of the best portable screens you'll ever see. Uses Samsung's Super AMOLED technology which they seem to be keeping for their own products these days. Avatar as a pack in for the device is a great move. Seeing the clarity of that film running on a Vibrant is awe - inspiring. The screen is responsive and accurate. I've had no problems with it in that regard. Resolution is 480x800.Software - the Vibrant is running android 2.1 which is good, but 2.2 on this phone would have been amazing. But to be fair the update is coming in september. It runs with a custom user interface (ui) layer on top of android called touchwiz 3.0. It adds some interesting features to stock android but at the end of the day, I found it to be totally unnecessary. I've found similar and better features in the Android marketplace for the solutions that Samsung has tried to incorporate here. There are some glaring missing features though. The user dictionary that's standard in stock android is missing here. Also the ability to add custom ringtones to your contact list entries is also missing. Both functions can be easily added by downloading User dictionary from the market as well as Ringo Lite. The phone ships with Swype virtual keyboard and its enabled by default. It also ships with Samsung's own keyboard as well as the stock android keyboard. Swype has been my keyboard of choice since it was in beta. it's very intuitive and is a great choice by samsung.The Vibrant also ships with a version of Rock Player. This is significant. Rock Player allows standard and some not-so-standard video codecs to run natively on Android phones. Xvid, divx, wmv, mov, mpeg 1/2/3, FLV...its serious. Android always had terrible video codec support but now, the days of encoding video are over thanks to Rock Player. The player is also available in the marketplace but doesnt seem to be as polished. The GPS software is glitchy. There's a fix for it that has been discussed on many forums but Samsung is preparing an update for it.Camera - the good news is the Vibrant takes great photos and videos. Videos can be recorded in "720p" but the phone doesnt have a flash. This was a major concern for me initially until I actually used the camera. In well lit areas, the Vibrant took great images. Night time shots were great too if ample light was available. If not, there's a night mode. It works for the most part but it left a good number of my pics a tad blurry.Video worked as one would expect. I was happy to see consistent smooth framerate and no pauses or glitches in the videos I took with the device.Hardware - this is what ultimately sold me on the Vibrant. It has a 1ghz Hummingbird (Cortex A8 core) cpu developed by Intrinsity with a PowerVR SGX540 GPU (graphics processor). What this means is this CPU/GPU combo gives the Vibrant better graphics/games performance than any other smartphone of its class. I didn't quite believe it at first coming from a nexus one with Android 2.2 (which I still own) but after comparing the Vibrant to the Droid, the N1, the Incredible, Iphone 3gs, and the DroidX, I noticed 3D intensive games ran smoother on the Vibrant. Consistently so at 60 frames per second. I did some research and found out why. That material is too much to post here. I'll leave it to you to Google it. But in short, the Vibrant is capable of processing 90 million triangles a second.The Droid with a TI OMAP3430 CPU and a PowerVR SGX530 - 7 to 14 million triangles a secondNexus one with a Qualcomm QSD8x50 (snapdragon) and a Adreno 200 - 22 million triangles a second.Iphone 3gs 600mhz cortex A8 with a Power VR SGX535 - 7 million triangles a second.Also, the Vibrant ships with 16gbs of internal storage and can use 32gb microsd cards. 1.7 gbs of that storage can be used for apps which is more than enough space and eliminates the need for saving apps to sd card. Avatar is a little less than 2gbs on the sd card that ships with the phone but it can be transferred to internal memory and run from there.The phone lacks a trackball but there are virtual arrow keys in swype and the Samsung keyboard that help to make up for the loss. The camera is a 5 mega pixel camera without flash as was mentioned. The face buttons are virtual buttons and work most of the time but there were times when the phone didn't seem to recognize my press. I'm not sure if this is from Android or the phone itself, but its worth mentioning.Phone - I've experienced no problems with phone calls on the device. Calls were clear on my end and the other end of the line. bluetooth worked as it should and pairing a headset was as easy as one would expect. There's no noise cancellation mic but the speaker on the phone is very loud for videos, music and speakerphone.Battery life - This has been a topic of great debate and for good reason. My Vibrant has lasted an entire day with moderate use on a 1500mah battery. A day and a half with light use.  It lasted about 6 to 7 hours with heavy use. That's watching Avatar for a bit, surfing the web, taking calls, downloading from the market, playing games here and there. It lasted my entire shift at work with me constantly configuring it, running it, using it. By comparison, my Nexus one with Android 2.2 cannot last the day with moderate use. I can get 5 hours out of it maybe 6 before I have to recharge. Heavy use with my n1 will net me four hours maybe 5. To be fair there might be a particular app or even Android 2.2 causing the drain because it wasn't that bad when I first bought it, but it is what it is at this point.Final thoughts, the Samsung Vibrant is one of the best Android phones released thus far but it has some issues that are strange and keeps it from being the best. Missing utilities that are standard in stock Android and have been since Android debuted is very strange. No flash will undoubtedly turn off a few people as well as the lack of Android 2.2 in an environment that calls for it. But what the Vibrant does well, it does extremely well and solves some key issues for some older Android devices. Internal storage that's more than enough to hold any apps you desire as well as gbs worth of content, a screen that's drop dead gorgeous and easier to navigate, fantastic video codec support and a better cpu/gpu combo for superior performance especially with gaming. The Vibrant is the best phone you can buy at Tmobile if you don't need a physical qwerty keyboard. I'm happy with the device and eagerly await Android 2.2 for it.

I'm not going to write a long review because others have already done that. Overall the phone is great, but there are a few glaring problems that I'll outline here:The contacts integration with Google Contacts is missing the ability to filter your contacts by groups (as defined in your Google account.)  For example, I have over 600 contacts in my account, but I only call about 43 with any regularity. Those 43 have been put into a group called "Phone Book".  On my G1, I could choose to only see the "Phone Book" group on my phone, if I wished.  The Vibrant does NOT allow this. I have to sift through 600 contacts every time I open the contact list.  It's fairly inexcusable to lose functionality from a phone that came out two years ago.  That's actually my biggest gripe.Secondly, there is a loud and annoying (and I mean LOUD) chime when you power the phone on or off. I've yet to find a way to disable this.  I think it's fairly common for someone to need to shut down their phone in a scenario in which they would not want a loud chime to play (like in a movie theater or meeting, for example.)Thirdly, the HOME button always returns you to the 4th home screen panel.  That's fine when you have 7 home screens, because it's the center panel. When you have only 5 panels, however, it becomes an inconvenience for the home screen to return you to the 4th screen every time, because it's not equal distance from all your other screens.  Another fairly obvious fail.Lastly, lots of bloat ware on this phone that you can't remove unless your phone is rooted.  There are apps that you literally cannot uninstall.I blame Samsung for all of these problems, because it appears to be their "Touch Wiz" UI that has crippled Android functionality.  I'm awaiting a custom ROM release for this handset, but if you don't know what that means, then it wouldn't help you.Again, I don't mean to nit-pick... it's a fantastic phone, but these are some big flaws that I think need to be addressed.

Could be very good phone phone but broken GPS, missing Froyo in 2010,  and lack of support from Samsung make this phone a complete failure.JI6 update, released to fix GPS - another failure.GPS Restore by Samsung blaming consumers for broken GPS while not fixing anything and broken by itself - yet another failure.Missing, but promised by the end of 2010, Froyo update - lies and failure again.

I bought this phone almost 2 weeks ago; fortunately I have time to return it.It's a beautiful phone, no doubt about it, and it has many functions that make it a lot of fun to use (the apps, the ease of storing contacts and calling them, messaging, etc.)  But here are my issues:1) when you hold it in your left hand to push the screen keys with your right your thumb is pressing against the DOWN volume button which not only reduces the volume but also the ring tone (which you won't know until later when your friend calls and asks where you were?).2) the screen goes off after about 1 second of being on a call.  To end the call or disconnect you have to press the tiny on/off button on the right of the phone to reactivate the screen and then end the call.3) several people have told me I sound like I am in a tunnel if I am talking to them with my almost new Motorola earbud (H10, I believe) and I have noticed that the quality of the voices I hear is somewhat garbled and I have to listen carefully to understand them (with the earbud; it seems okay with just the phone itself).  I had the same earbud with my 4 year old Motorola flip phone and it was too much for that old phone; I had to turn it down all the time; hearing or understanding people was never a problem.There are a few other things I'm still trying to get used to but for the time I've had it these three things are enough for me to say take it back and try the HDT while I still can.  Looks aren't everything!

This is the first phone of this kind I've ever owned. My previous phone was a simple Nokia that was mostly made to play music in addition to calls. It didn't have a touch-screen, and texting was a pain. Now that I've had my grubby paws on this one for a couple days I find myself wondering how I ever made do with anything less.This phone is a beauty to behold. The screen simply pops with color and life! Everything is easy to organize and to access, and the screen is almost completely customizable (I still can't figure out how to remove the Google search bar at the top of the main screen). This customization is quite handy since you'll likely end up with tons of apps from the Android store.The touch screen is nice and sensitive, with a jolly little vibration every time you touch something. This is quite nice and removes any questions about whether or not you've actually pressed a particular button.The call quality on this phone is quite excellent; much better than what I'm used to. I live in the north end of downtown Phoenix and especially over the last few weeks I've had lots of calls drop with my old phone. With this new one, I haven't had any dropped calls yet.You also get all the usual functions like you'd expect, such as a decent camera (no flash, though), a voice recorder, speakerphone functionality, email support, etc.For the more entertainment-minded people out there you'll be happy to know that in addition all the fun Android apps that can be downloaded, there's also a YouTube app that's installed (and works quite well), a copy of the T-Mobile version of "Sims 3" and a copy of the movie "Avatar". You can even download and run Google Earth on it, which is quite fun!Now one minor problem I will report with it is this: I've had more than a couple times where some app I was running froze and caused the phone to crash. I'm assuming this is just some software error that will be fixed with a later update. It's annoying right now, but not badly so.I'd also recommend that you get a cover or gel skin for the phone since it's not textured and could easily slip out of your grasp if you aren't careful.If you're looking for a good phone, this is a good one to get, especially if you can get a deal from T-Mobile. Aside from the minor crash issues, I'm very pleased with it so far.

This is my first smartphone, but I have long used Linux-based palmtops from Zauruses to Nokia Internet Tablets. The mainstream has finally caught up, and more.This thin unit has replaced, for me, all these things in my backpack:cell phonecalculatorcameraPDAGame machine/Linux Internet TabletCompassGPSMP3 playerand other things that I don't carry around but wished I could:Programmable telescopeGPS with all the fancy stuffVOIP phoneportable hotspotC64Amiga68k MacVoice RecorderMagnetometergame controller with feedbackspecial effect video cameraRoku Remotefax machinebarcode scannersecurity cameraspirit levelHP RPN CalculatorMedium-sized LibraryBagful of videos (easy TV out via composite cable)The wifi is nicely seamless, the 3g network is a bit of a callback to 56k days, but it all works, and is being improved at a noticeable pace.Very hard to brick, likewise easy to root. T-mobile may not have sabotaged the device in any way, please let me know if I missed anything.They did add bloatware. I'm not sure of the value of any of it other than the game aand the movie, but it's no biggie: I just kill the related services and relax: I'll probably learn how to remove them long before I need the space.It has its shortcomings; as I alluded, its GPS is as poor as the Nokia's substandard GPS, but there is a "fix in the works."It has DRM support, which is a shame, cause it neither supports all or ignores enough to be a very versatile player. Fixable in the Market, mostly.So far, its shell offering are substandard to the Nokia ITs, but its GPS is just as bad as I am used to.Skype has arrived, on Wifi only, but is experiencing launch problems.4 Stars for now, 5 if Froyo fixes various issues.

I was ready to jump ship to AT&T; and the iPhone till I heard this phone was coming out. Picked mine up yesterday and I love it (except for battery life).PROS: Great UI, great unified email, browser, maps, etc...seems to be on par with/surpass iPhone. Cool built it power analysis tells you what your battery is being used up by.CONS: battery life! The great looking screen is a battery HOG! In the 8hrs since a full charge 75% of the drain was due to the screen. . I even have the brightness turned all the way down and the screen time-out set to the minimum.

I am not sure what all the buzz is about this phone. The 1080 display IS fabulous, but other than that, if I could give a NO STAR rating I would. I've had this phone since August when it first came out. I have already had it replaced once, as the first one had no signal at my house, and I've been a Tmobile customer for years. The second phone barely has a signal. The battery lasts about half an hour on a good day, and yes, I have an apps killer on it. The sound quality is horrendous. There is NOTHING wrong with my hearing, but I can't hear the person on the other end of the phone without the "Speaker" option on. Email is unreliable and I am ALWAYS getting a force close message, and once I leave my house, it just does not work at all.  I just can't stand this phone, and I can't figure out for the life of me why ANYONE would give it a rating above zero. Samsung did a great job if you just want to look at pictures and watch movies. They should have put some more thought into using it as a PHONE. What a concept. STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE.

Worst reception I have ever encountered in a cell phone. This Vibrant replaced my original G1 Android phone which died during a business trip.For playing with Android apps, watching Avatar, checking the time, taking 5 megapixel pictures the phone is great.For making and recieving phone calls it sucks. I travel all over the country and this phone just doesn't pick up signals very well.It's as though the ability to make phone calls was an afterthought in the phone's design. I rarely have bars for reception strength, and people complain that their calls keep getting rolled over to voicemail or they simple go unanswered even by voicemail.I would seriously avoid this phone and although I got mine from T-Mobile, I may be returning it.

T bought this phone paying full price.  It is hands down the greatest phone I ever used. Great screen. Very go UI. Android has come of age. Definitely better than an iPhone-4.

I have had mine for about 2 weeks and I love it and have enjoyed learning all the new features.  Reading all the other comments I noticed the main complaints are the camera and the GPS.  Since I already had a digital camera and GPS, I don't need to use those features on the phone so I don't have any complaints.  I have become addicted to foursquare and am looking forward to learning more new things about the phone.

For the most part, this is a good smart phone. However, there are aspects of it that are extremely stupid. My beef is due to the phones limitations, certain apps are next to worthless. The phone comes with a technology called swype that allows users to drag there fingers across the keyboard instead of actually pressing keys; similar to cursive writing as opposed to hand printing. When it works, and it usually does, it is great. When it does not, you might as well start over. The problem is there is no good copy/cut/paste. If you want to copy/cut/paste anything, you have to select ALL the text. Sure there are "options" to select a portion of the text, but they simply do not work. I was actually able to eventually select two words of text that I was trying to select. It only took 20 minutes to do it. How nice! Something that I could do in 2 seconds on a PC in the 1980's take 20 minutes to do almost 30 years later. It is truly pathetic that a phone that has 100 times the amount of memory that said PC had takes 600 times longer to select text. I thought technology was supposed to move forward, not backward.The phone comes with a notes app, which is one of the apps that is basically worthless due to the problem of selecting text. I recently tried selecting text with both the Evo and the Nexus One. It was a no-brainer. With this phone however, selecting a portion of text is just slightly easier than, say,  winning the lottery.

The Good:- Screen: The 800x480 Super AMOLED screen is huge and beautiful.- Android 2.1: The best mobile OS out there except for Android 2.2, which is promised to be coming to this phone soon.- Battery Life: My phone would be unplugged from 7am to 10pm every day, with moderate use throughout the day, and would never drop below 40% by the end of the day (though don't trust their notification bar icon -- its only possible levels are 100%, 70%, and 10%).- The Form Factor: Surprisingly light and slim for such a powerful phone, especially one with such a large screen and long battery life.The Bad:- GPS: Most users (myself included) have noticed a VERY long time to sync to GPS. Samsung has promised a software fix in September, but if you use your phone for navigation frequently, you'll likely be out of luck until then.- Compass: Any app that needs to know which way you're facing (Google Street Maps, Layar, Google Sky Map, Wikitude, etc.) just plain does not work. The compass is painfully slow to respond and inaccurate when it finally does. As with GPS, Samsung has promised a software fix, but if the problems stem from hardware it may not be much of an improvement. Only time will tell.The Ugly:- TouchWiz 3.0: This is Samsung's skin on top of Android. They've replaced the home screen and notification bar, and their associated icons, as well as many of the stock Google apps (contacts, calendar, etc). I find everything about TouchWiz uniformly ugly. The icons are garishly colored. The tab layout of their stock apps is ridiculous - they take up an inordinate amount of the screen's height and are an ugly metallic blue color that clashes with just about everything else. The stock apps also leave out several features: for instance, you can't change the alarm noise for calendar alerts.TouchWiz does has ONE nice feature: they include a power management widget in the notification bar, allowing easy access to changing these frequently tweaked settings from any app, without having to bail to the home screen every time.Ultimately, if your personal aesthetic sense happens to be less offended by TouchWiz (or if you can find suitable replacement apps (I recommend LauncherPro for the home sreen)), and if you don't care about GPS or Compass, the Vibrant is an outstanding phone.For me, though, the GPS and Compass were dealbreakers, and I personally don't have an optimistic view on the promised software fix. Maybe I'll try it out again when that's out -- though the G2 may be out by then, and it will have HSPA+.

I recently switched from a Blackberry Curve to this device and I am not impressed.I have had this phone for ten days.  I cannot get through an entire day without the battery dying.  It's been a week of limited calling ability. I do not use the internet and very little messaging but by my third call each day, I receive a message telling me that I have a low battery and CANNOT MAKE A CALL. Are you serious?The camera is a JOKE.  The only way to take a picture is with the touch screen so if you try to take a picture of yourself or you and a friend, good luck.There is no way to tell that you have a missed call or message without turning on the phone.  No indicator whatsoever.  This might be a missed setting on my part but every time I go to use the phone, I have to TURN IT ON, THEN UNLOCK IT. Why doesnt it stay on?I charget his thing every night and changed the screen settings to save battery life but to no avail. The two stars are because I feel like being nice and I like two of the apps that don't come standard.

This is my first smartphone and it's excellent. The screen is gorgeous, better for watching video than most laptops. The high resolution and contrast compensate for the tiny size. It's also extremely responsive. Swype works beautifully (and I'm someone who never got used to T9). Samsung is still pumping these out with Android 2.1, but Froyo (2.2) is available and apparently much better, so download Samsung's updating software Kies Mini to your computer and use it to update to Froyo right away. Then I recommend grabbing Meridian Media Player to watch your videos. I put in the SIM card from my dying T-Mobile dumbphone and it brought all my contacts along; logging into Android with my gmail account brought in my Google contact information. Bus rides are gonna be a lot more fun from now on. This phone is 3G capable but not 4G, so if you're a heavy data user you might need to keep your home connection or get a newer (less than 6mo!) phone.

I just switched from a Motorola Cliq to this phone, and shortly before that I had the G1.  It is like night and day.  I thought I wouldn't get used to not having an actual keyboard to use.  But I can text even faster with the Samsung.  To be short and to the point, this phone is perfect.  The battery usually lasts a whole day, the reception is no different than every other phone I have ever had.  I NEVER drop calls or lose internet connection.  The GPS is okay (I have a garmin, so this is not a necessity for me anyway), and all of the apps work great.  Going online is faster than my laptop most of the time.  I have NO complaints about this phone.  I have used my friends' iphones, and this phone is far better.

First things first, this phone is amazing!  The screen is crystal clear, and as the name implies; Vibrant.Pros: Amazing screen, blistering fast processor, Android, lots of storage, perfect fit for my hand, headphone jack, battery life (for a smart phone), and possibly best of all, not trapped to AT&T.;Cons: Signal strength, pre-loaded unremovable bloatware, slippery case, & FINGERPRINTS everywhere.As for the pros, I can't say enough about the screen, or Android. You just have to experience them for yourself.  But for the cons, I have to address each since this phone would be, hands-down, the best on the market today if not for them (hence the 4 star rating).  First off, the Signal Strength.  My last phone was a G1, and in my neighborhood I had reliable, steady signal (3-4 bars) and full 3g connectivity with it always.  The Vibrant occasionally has 4 bars, and usually has 3g, but it jumps between 0 and 4 bars, and 3g and Edge sporadically when in my hand, or just lying on the table.  I haven't had any complaints from anyone not being able to reach me, but the signal jumping is still concerning.  As is the bloatware.  Installed on my (my - as in MINE - as in I own it; not T-Mobile, not Samsung) are a few "Pay as you play" apps (meaning monthly, or per-use charges apply if you are foolish enough to use them, or some child gets their mitts on your phone and accesses them, etc.) that I can not remove from MY device.  They are not essential to the operation of this device, nor are they essential to the T-Mobile network, so there is no reason I can see that they need to be unremovable.  Thirdly, the case, while some consider it "cheap" feeling, is very smooth and feels very good to hold in the hand, but is slippery and hard to hold on to if you lose your concentration for even a second.  The good news, for us G1 upgraders, is that the G1 pouch fits the Vibrant nicely (not perfectly, but good enough).  Last is the finger prints.  This beautifully smooth case, and gorgeous screen that makes you want to touch them, retain your finger grease like nobodies business!  I suggest picking up an invisible shield cover since you'll be polishing it constantly, which will dull the shine on your case eventually (but, again there's silver lining: the Vibrant comes with 2 back shells, although one is purple).Not deal breakers, but annoying none-the-less.

The biggest thing that sticks out is the screen. It looks amazing, especially with the live wallpaper. It just makes it that much more fun to play with.I have not had any issues with the signal, and it actually seems to "respond" to changes (like going in elevators) quicker than my G1.I do wish it had a LED indicator, but I can live without it. Great phone for this price!

i am sick of att and iphone.  giving this phone and t-mobile a chance and it, cant be any worse!  very excited about android os as well.

I received this phone today and have been playing with it all day. The battery is still half way. I was able to create, delete, and put apps on the home page. This phone is the best phone I think I have ever had. I know people with the I Phone and I think this Samsung vibrant is the best off the bat Android phone. I would highly recommend this phone!.

Samsung Galaxy S (as Samsung Vibrant for T-Mobile)I have been using Smartphones since a long time and my last device for HTC HD2 was a great `first impression' phone but the fascination died in couple of months. More on that in my HD2 review. Since that experience I was hesitant to buy a similar device with Android OS but so far this device has everything I want and hasn't disappointed me once.Display: The screen is amazingly clear and crisp. The included movie Avatar does a good job showing off the phone and the screen. No hesitation or flickering or pixilation whatsoever.Quick and very responsive interface. The device boots up in 30+ seconds but once it's completely up and running (in 60+ seconds) after starting services like media scanner, it is quick in everything you do. Never experienced any lag.The default buttons on the device bottom (Menu, Home, Back/Return, and Search) are very helpful. Specially in the case where you click on a link from and email and it opens in the browser, you can always click on the back button to go to the email. This is very useful for someone who is used to Windows devices where its difficult to go back to Email app once you open another app. The Back button works on the device across apps. Very cool.When you are using the phone at night it might be difficult to find those four buttons at the bottom when the back light turns off, but you get used to it and slowly figure out where the buttons will be. Nothing major.Pictures are very clear and crisp. Even when compared to HD2 in low light, these come out so much better.Battery is slightly better than HD2 but pretty much at par when using 3G data or videos. It would need daily charging is you use good amount of 3G.Android marketplace is a plus when compared with Windows Mobile 6.5 devices. But Windows Phone 7 is supposed to change that.It comes with two back cases, not sure why. But would have preferred a leather or rubber case like HD2.The T-Mobile version also comes with 16GB installed and 2GB card. The MicroUSB &lt;-> USB cable comes with USB adapter charger so you carry only one cable.Some issues or nice to have features:Front camera for video calling would be nice.No Flash light for the camera. So no flash light app as in HD2.It comes with many apps which are either just a link or require you to register or will get you to sign-up for a subscription. So be careful about what you sign up for since some of these will give you a month free and then unless you call them, they'll keep charging.-- After couple of weeks of usage --Its still a great device so far. Few things worth mentioning:* Really could use a front facing camera for video calling. The non-US version has one but it was removed for ATT and TMobile in US.* The camera quality is amazing. Even the various built-in affects like action-shoot, panoramic shots are a great addition where you can shoot a 270 degree pictures and it stitches them all together. I lets you take 8 pictures while guiding you how to move and then creates a wonderful panoramic picture. Amazing.* Battery life seems much better than that of HTC HD2* The GPS is flaky. The applications like Four Square don't connect to it well unless you open the Google Navigation first to connect with GPS and then open other apps that use it. Samsung is supposed to come out with an updated software in Sept to fix it. But not a deal breaker.* Still a great snappy interface.* Android marketplace has some great free apps, but still not as good as Apple. I'm sure that will change overtime as android marketplace is 'free' as compared to Apple where they take a cut.Overall, I'll still recommend it.

I finally upgraded my phone in Sept, after 5 years of using my daughters hand me downs phones, yes I spoil my daughter, I finally upgraded my phone to the Samsung Vibrant, over the years the iphone was the only phone that I really wanted, but being a T-Mobile customer and not wanting to switch to AT&T; I elected to stay with regular type cell phones.  Then I saw the Samsung Vibrant, and knew that this is what I wanted and got a great deal at the time, paid $149.00 and 2 more free phones that went to other family members.After going home and giving it a full charge I had to show it off to my friend that has an iphone 3gs, she played with my phone and watched a little bit of Avatar, then said I love your phone.  What she liked most about it is the fact that you can replace the battery, add more memory, and has a better choice in apps, not that the Apple Store is bad in any way, and finally she has witnessed me dealing with T-Mobile and she see's that T-Mobile has awesome customer service.Next I showed off my phone to a friend that has Verizon, he has the HTC Droid, he also said that he is jealous, he states that the screen has a beautiful display and the memory on the phone is amazing compared to his HTC, and the final comment was he can't wait until his commitment is done because he is sick of Verizon's lack of customer service, and we both agree that Verizon has the best coverage, but they totally SUCK when it comes to service and the price of the plans they offer.One of the best things I like about my Vibrant is the battery life, all of my friends can't believe how long the battery lasts compared to their smart phones, the other thing I really like is the quality of pictures I take, I read somebody else's review and they were nitpicking about how the Vibrant only has 5 mega pixels compared to the Droid's 8 mega pixels, big deal I don't know of anyone that uses their phone for professional pictures.Bottom line is this, Samsung has built an awesome phone that is easy and fun to use and in my opinion makes the HTC DROID obsolete.

Great Phone. I had all kinds of issues trying to order the Nexus One and finally gave up. I've been waiting for something good to come out on T-Mobile since May.This phone has a beautiful display and is supper fast. Only issue I've ran into so far is apparently none of the sales staff know to give it an Android Internet plan instead of a smartphone internet plan. Not really sure what the difference is, except one stops working after a few hours, and my brother had the same issue on his Nexus One he ordered online, so it's not even just the sales staff at my local store.Pros:-Swype is super fast for input once you get use to it.-Camera seems to take decent pictures and video with a decent selection of control over the functions.-Really bright, huge, and responsive display. Some of the older displays can be a little unresponsive and sluggish like the Nexus One, MyTouch, but this one seems as good or better than my old iPhone3g-Really light weight, but feels solidly built-Super thinCons:-no flash on camera, may affect other people, but I never use those pitiful things so doesn't really matter to meI look forward to spending some more time with the phone this weekend and figuring it out better, but so far it has been fantastic. If you need a T-mobile phone and want Android you should definitely look at this phone.

I don't know how much I have to add to the extensive discussion and review of this phone, but I would like to add my endorsement. It's absolutely incredible. The screen is beautiful and the processor is lightning fast.The primary challenge in decision-making regarding recent android phones seems to be the hardware the customer needs/wants. Essentially, no matter what droid phone you get, you're getting a great phone. If you want a phone with a beautiful screen, good battery life, a fast processor and a surprisingly good speaker, then this phone is perfect for you. If you need a led flash on your camera or video conferencing then this might not be the right model.My one complaint with the phone (which I did not know about ahead of time and which holds true to all android phones) is regarding the alarm. If you set the alarm and turn the phone off (to charge, etc.), the phone does not turn on to set off the alarm. So, if you want it to wake you up, you have to leave it on. There are some great apps to save power all night, effectively turning your phone off, but it is something worth considering.Alarm aside, this phone is everything I could have hoped for and more. The more you use it, the more you'll love it.

Coming from an N900 user, I mainly like the thinness and light weight of the Vibrant. I wish it was the size of the n900 though. Seriously where is the close button? I have to put a shortcut of task manager on the desktop to close some applications. I hit the back key and it would close, but then I have to check if it's still running. Very frustrating. Would it kill to have a dedicated close button? And there is no STOP button in the music player either. What the stupid. I have to pause then press forward to stop it completely from playing. I discovered that when I couldn't delete a song after I started playing it. The only keys it has are the back, forward, and PAUSE. Really stupid programmers! I decided to leave the wifi on all the time. Bad idea. Before I went to sleep, I made sure I closed unnecessary applications. I woke up with a missed alarm because the phone was off. The battery was drained. It was less than 6 hours. I was typing this review on the phone before this sentence, but gave up because I couldn't get the "I" cursor to the last word of the sentence. I like the phone structure: thin and light weight. Very nice camera. I don't care about the flash. But they need to add adobe flash and java to this phone. It's fast and the colors are awesome. I would try the iphone 4 next when I have the money. This phone disappoints me nonetheless. I need a CLOSE button and a STOP button!

I am upgrading from the Samsung Behold and the Vibrant is my first smart phone, I've only had it a week and I am very impressed with it so far The speed is as amazing as is the color screen. I do have a couple of cons but they aren't Deal breakers. What I would have liked was if the message notification alerts could ring out more than once so that you would know if you missed a call or message. (I don't really need a LED light but more than one ring would be nice considering that you are paying so much for the phone)Battery life isn't that great but I think once I stop playing with the phone so much I'm sure it will get better. All in All I think it is the best phone that T-mobile has out at the moment, but give me a few weeks and I'll let you know.

I had to finally take mine back after one exchange. if you get a large file(which I do on a regular basis) in your pop server, It will lock up.1. Can not handle large emails from your pop server. it simply will lock up. all other emails after the large file will not show up on your handset until you resolve the large file issue. (delete the file from your server)yeah, Like I want to do this every other email.Blackberry will give you the email with "file too large" message.  then you can get it from your laptop.2. Battery life sucks. Blackberry 2-3 days.  Samsung (if you actually use it 4-5 hours) try it. will not go beyond 5 hours.3. It will reset the pop setting at will. Even the T-mobile guy was stunned.4. if emails and phone calls are important to you, this is not the device. My seven year old loved it. he loves the games and Avatar. It is a great toy for him , but not a work device for me.Awesome screen, setup, and looks.  It is just like having a Rolls Royce that the engine starts but the transmission will not engage, the ac will not work and the brakes are out. Do you want that? I don't. I would rather have a Nissan that starts, runs and the ac works.

I went to the T-moble store and read extensive reviews before purchasing my phone. This is by far the best phone on t-mobile. I am stressing this because T-mobile has the best rates among major carriers and allows you to take $10 internet plan instead of $30 for other carriers.Anyway, regarding the phone itself, it is simply great if you compare it to other newer phones like my touch and G2. This is because all android phones are not the same.Pros:1. Swype is available on this phone and this makes a huge difference. After a couple of hours with the phone, I was able to type really fast. This makes everything from texting to  online searches that much quicker.2. 4 inch AMOLED screen (see it to believe)- only iphone 4 has a screen of comparable resolution.3. Android - right now only android and iOS has a decent App storeCons:1. No flash2. The screen produces finger prints easilyOverall. Great phone. Buy it if like T-mobile and you would not be disappointed.

What a great phone. Extremely fast, user friendly, beautiful screen. I'm sure they'll be over 100 reviews describing all the details but for a average phone user this is the phone to pick up! This is the phone I've been waiting to buy since google's G1 phone. 5/5!

i have had this phone for about five months and i have had to do at least two master resets, at least once a month do a soft reset and turn it on and off once or twice a week. it will at random choose contacts to delete sometimes it's the same contact and sometimes it's not. that is the only problem i have with it. they are sending me another one. i finally broke down and went back to the store and told them everything and i am getting a refurbished, ugghhh, one in its place. hopefully it's better.

Do not take me wrong. The Samsung Vibrant is a great phone. The screen is amazing, and CPU and GPU is wonderful, 13 GB space for data and 2 GB for apps. And so on. Samsung really know how to make good hardware. However their GPS and Digital compass is faulty most of the time.However the reason I can not and will never recommend a Samsung product is because Samsung does not support their hardware with their software. They kept promising the next Android to be release to the phone shortly after the phone came out, which was in July of 2010. Then they promised that the upgrade would come in October, November, and last promise was in the end of the year. We have not yet received the upgrade, and Froyo, which is Android 2.2 has some important business aspects as well as features that will make the phone an even more amazing piece of hardware.Samsung DOES NOT SUPPORT their phones. So if you are happy with just getting bug fixes or critical fixes pushed to your phone, and let it be outdated as soon as it comes out, you can get a Samsung product, if you would rather buy a phone that will get support for the two years you have your contract with T-mobile, you should look for another brand like HTC, Motorola or LG to mention a few.

I won't write about phone specs of what it can do since EVERYONE probably heard/read it enough about the 1ghz cpu, 5m camera, etc. Yes, it does NOT have a Front facing camera and flash but no big deal. I'll get down to review. Phone is beautiful, with glamorous display. It looks better in person than watching a youtube video review about the display. It's thin, but sometimes it gets kinda warm/hot and that's the trade off. It is very light to hold and doesn't feel that cheap plastic feel for me at least. Touchwiz has pros and cons. It's nice but sometimes, it can get a bit laggy. No big deal since 2.2 Froyo update will be coming up in August/September or soon. That'll make it 2-5x faster. Camera is gorgeous but it wastes tons of battery, I heard up to 20% per hour or so...so just take a picture, and then exit the camera application. I don't use widgets since it's a battery drainer. People complain about the no flash for camera but there's a "night mode" where it makes it great for taking pictures so that's a definite plus. Four buttons on the bottom of phone are very responsive w/ haptic feedback. Swype keyboard is also very useful and works 99% of the time. One thing it needs about keyboard is international keyboard like Korean for me. The Android market kinda sucks to be honest, coming from the Apple App store. App store feels way more polished and cheaper with lots of more games and higher quality. The games on Android are more expensive and aren't that fun, also lower quality. THe battery icon is kinda off for the phone so a "Battery Indicator" App is very useful. People complain about the GPS not working but I found a solution for that. I will post the link on the bottom. Navigation works perfect but GPS location doesn't work indoor like apartment, it's kinda off by few hundred feet or so but works very accurate outdoors. I get 12+ battery life with these following settings. Have email accounts manual sync with auto sync off. Turn Wifi, Blutooth, GPS off, use and turn on only when you need it. I also use automatic display sensor but some ppl turn the brightness down but I'd rather have it auto so it's brighter in the direct sunlight. Another tip, I used the Application killer app but after researching, Android 2.1 already efficiently kills unused app so that is completely unecessary. Also, it screwed up my phone where my Wi-Fi wouldn't work and it kept on saying "Unable to scan network" so after hours of researching, you have to Factory Reset it and then wifi works again. So, do not download task killers. One more thing, with the Google Navigation, it's still on after you press the menu key so make sure to press the settings button and press "Exit Navigation" so navigation doesn't run on the background and make sure to turn off GPS after using navigation. 3G speeds work very fast for me in LA and preloaded Avatar looks amazing with the Super AMOLED. Vibrant will be the fastest phone with the upcoming Android 2.2 Froyo update so overall, this phone is highly recommended.P.S- I have an iPod touch with iTunes as my major music source. After doing research, I wanted to sync my Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant with iTunes and found an easy solution. It's almost like direct syncing with an iPod. For those of you having music on iTUnes and wanna sync it to Vibrant, here's a useful site. It takes like 2 min to set it up. Very easy.MY OVERALL CONCLUSION/LAST WORDS:Pros: 1Ghz Hummingbird Processor with 512mb RAM (I think)5MP Camera with Night Mode and other Modes (720P Vid Record)Thin/Sleek/Slim/Light Design with 4'inch Super AMOLED DisplaySamsung Touchwiz 3.0 with SwypeAvatar/Gogo/Sims3/Other Preloaded Apps16GB Onboard Internal Memory with Expansion Option for SD Card slotAndroid 2.2 Froyo Update in Near FutureCons: No Front Facing CameraTouchwiz slightly buggy/laggy at timesBattery Icon not accurateNot the Best Battery LifeGPS requires manual fix by owners for some peopleCould've used Metal/Higher quality materialsAndroid Market kinda sucks/Needs to improveNot an HSPA+ Enabled phone for FASTEST 3G. (Still pretty fast atm though)GPS Fix Link:[...]iTunes Sync Link:[...]Hope I helped all of you Samsung Vibrant users! Definitely Recommended.

This phone's LED display has the highest contrast ratio of any phone, ever. When you shop for a high-end flat panel TV, guess what it is you're paying for? That's right... High contrast ratio, the kind only possible in LED TV's. LCD TV's cost thousands less for this reason alone. Making a higher resolution LCD (like the one in the iPhone4) would have been taking the easy way out, but because Samsung is the king of display makers, they don't need to outsource their technology to come up with a product. TFT LCD technology really hasn't changed much in 15 years, and the bar has been raised out of reach of the iPhone. If only their fanboys could comprehend this, they'd stop screaming marketing words like "retina display!" at everyone, and using microscopes to look at their phones. LED technology is also 20-30% more power efficient, and weighs 20% less.Someone needs to take the Avatar movie file that comes with this phone and put it on an iPhone4, play it back on both phones synchronized, then pan around with the camera. This test would definitively settle the debate as to which is more important: contrast ratio vs. resolution, because only idiots base their opinions staring at inanimate objects on their phone using a microscope.

I have been hitting my very hard since the 14th and I can say that it's a pretty darn good phone. Perfect, no; you won't have any problems deciding to keep it. It might be worth noting that I had a iPhone and chose this over the iPhone.Here are the Slam-Dunk items:Display: The best. Really.CPU: Nearly the best. Really./GPU - makes all the difference!Storage: 16gb + whatever MicroSD you add. 2GB of app storage. 512MB Ram. Best-in-class.Battery: Properly configured with moderate use it will run all day without charging.Video Playback: All of my Non-DRM Handbrake/iPhone videos look better than ever.Audio: Better EQ and effect options that you could ever hope to have on iPhone though not as loud.Weight: Feels light in your hand. .5oz lighter than iPhoneCustomizable: You can do literally anything to this phone. Thank you T-Mobile and Samsung for easy root access!Minor Irritations:Buttons: Excuse me for liking hardware buttons. I miss the ability to answer the phone by pressing an "Answer the Phone" button. Most new phones are going to soft buttons. The MyTouch 3g as bad as it is, has an excellent phone button.Apps: The standard Android Apps are really quite good. Samsung replaces these with their own with mixed results. Some things are better, but some interactions are actually worse. Fortunately, you can bring back some of them.The lack of a directional control: The original Galaxy S has a tiny little trackpad, this seems to be missing from all of the carrier versions. This makes tiny textbox edits a bit of a challenge.Overall, this phone is a world unto itself. It's just so deep, you will never get bored.

Great phone....and if you are going the contract route, it simply can not be beat with the 2 for 1 pricing. Android is the wave of the future, and you might as well get on board now.T-mobile's network is terrific.HSPA+ is apparently faster than what others are calling 4G. Website layout seems to be a bit user unfriendly.Anyone talking about this phone like its a track phone needs to really stop i-trolling.I gave it four only because of the lack of updates, with 2.2 having long arrived, and gingerbread just around the corner.This is my first Android device, and I am hooked. This phone will not disappoint----so give an honest opinion, but don't hate.

Samsung Vibrant is the most underrated phone out there. Everyone is hyping the iphone 4 and the Droid X, both which have some serious issues. iphone 4 with the obvious antennae issue and droid x with the screen issue. (if you haven't seen it go here: [...].) The Samsung Vibrant is an awesome phone. Its super fast and the SUPER AMOLED screen displays amazing photos and videos. I show friends Avatar every time to best show an example of the screen. Also, I think the camera is pretty good for what features it has. It shoots 720p video which looks amazing! If i wanted a higher megapixel camera i would just use my Cannon. Cell phones don't need to have crazy good megapixel cameras. its a picture on the go not a damn photo shoot. There are a few drawbacks so far that I have seen and that have bugged me but maybe not you. There is no blinking LED light to notify you of a new text or a new email. This kinda bothers me, not sure about other people. Also, sometimes when I click in the text box to write a text message, the keyboard doesn't pop up. It fixes quickly if i turn it to landscape or back out of the messaging app. I don't give a crap about  FFC (Front Facing Camera) that everyone seems to be so excited about. That was T-mobiles choice by the way, not samsungs. The technology is to new here in America and i think its pointless anyways, but that's just my opinion. All and All i guess people are complaining about these issues because other phones already have this technology and the Vibrant doesn't and they want it. It's not a deal breaker for me. This phone is totally worth the money and totally underrated.

This phone is WAYYYYYY better than my Nokia N97 except the keyboard part );The only thing bad about this phone is- Battery Life- Apps start up itself when you start up the phone, and it still starts up even if you never did anything, which drains the battery.- No flash on cam?!- Current GPS is still buggedI'm sure there's more, but I've only had it for 3 days :p

First off, I'm coming from a Blackberry Curve 8320 to this phone. My last upgrade was in September of 2007 when I got the Curve. The 8320 to the Vibrant... hoooooooooly cow. It's amazing.YAY* The Super AMOLED screen is simply stunning. It's bright, it's responsive, and the picture quality is stunning.* Swype's keyboard is great, and pretty fun to use.* Android is great, a huge leap forward from the BB OS I was using before.* The App Market has a ton of great free apps that makes the using the phone a blast.* So much quicker than my previous phone... and so much more fun to use than BB OS.* T-Mo's 3G network is a big leap forward in speed over EDGE. Really handy apps like Google Maps work so much better.BOO* I knew battery life wasn't going to be all that spectacular, but today I woke up at 8:30am and my phone was dead by 6:30pm. The screen is a battery drainer. I probably just need to get used to having to keep charging it.* The Yahoo Mail app constantly crashes/freezes on me, and Android's default mail app doesn't seem to work well will with Yahoo.* Using Advanced Task Killer helps to keep open apps to a minimum, but sometimes there's like 10-15 open apps that I never opened. Some, like [...] Mobile, I have no idea why they're open.* Some apps like AllShare, Audio Postcard, GoGo, and others came pre-installed and I can't remove them. I doubt they take up much space, but still... annoying.* Using the features like wireless or GPS are huge battery drains. Again, it's probably just something I have to get used to.Overall I'd definitely recommend this phone to anyone on the market looking for a T-Mo smartphone. Just be prepared to keep a charger handy for home, work, car, etc. Also, T-Mo's 3G network sometimes has trouble inside buildings. I'm curious to see what kind of reception I get at my office tomorrow.

When I first got the phone the actual phone part died within 2 days.  I couldn't make any calls or get data.  I had to send the phone back to get repaired.  Then, when I got it back the GPS didn't work.  This was the case before I sent it back, but they didn't fix it.  Apparently there is a severe defect in the assembly of these phones with the GPS.  There is a metal piece internally that does not contact the actual antenna, resulting in horrible GPS performance.  I got tired of how difficult it was to get Samsung to recognize the problem existed and decided to fix it myself.  After taking my phone apart I made a simple 2 second fix that should have been done at the factory.  After that my GPS worked fine.  Couple this with an outright fight by the Vibrant community to get Froyo months after it was promised and I can say I will never buy another Samsung phone after buy them for 4 of my last 5 phones.

Since i have been using Windows Mobile devices for years i was reluctant to buy a phone with a different OS but now that i have seen just how wonderful Android is i am very happy that i made the switch.First of all the Samsung Vibrant is one of the most powerful phones on the market today,it has a 1Ghz Hummingbird processor,512MB of Ram and enough graphics processing power to let you play a game like Quake 3 with ease.You really need to use the phone yourself to see how beautiful games and movies look on the Vibrants display,the videos on Youtube don't do it justice.The one thing i did not look forward to was using a touchscreen to type since i was used to a physical qwerty keypad but after about an hour using the on screen keys it became second nature to use.As for navigating through the menus all you do is give a gentle swipe with your finger or thumb and that's it,simple,no problems with response time,no annoying slowdown,hands down the most hassle free way to navigate a mobile device.As for the sound and call quality everything is clear,both the front and rear speaker do their job well,i just wish the rear speaker was a little louder,but this is a minor complaint.While using the Vibrant to make calls i found that the signal was strong,people i talked to said they could hear me fine and they also came in loud and clear.If you're in a 3G area you will find web pages load in seconds but if you're not you would be better served by using the WiFi feature,the only downside of this is that WiFi drains the battery fast so only use it when you have to.Speaking of the battery it lasts quite a long time even when using 3G data,playing games or watching movies for hours on end.I have only used the gps navigation service twice so far but i can say it is very accurate,i got to my destination with no problems whatsoever.There is a camera on the back of the Vibrant that takes photos and records videos which look very nice even when displayed on an HDTV.The one major issue i worried about coming from a Windows Mobile device was losing all those apps i have become so fond of such as Coreplayer,my fear was unfounded for the most part,even though Coreplayer isn't out for Android yet.Documents To Go,Slick Messenger,Skype and tons of other great apps are available now and work just as well (if not better) on the Android OS.If you like to use your device as a music player and load it up with Mp3's you will fall in love with this thing,not only does it have a standard 3.5mm headphone jack but it also has 16GB of internal storage,of course a lot of this storage is used for other things but no worries,you can pop in a 16GB or 32GB Micro SD card and you're set.I have not even talked about the other outstanding feature of the Vibrant,it has video/audio out via the 3.5mm jack!You can buy some cheap cables right here on Amazon and have your phones HD display on your tv,this is a feature that should be standard on all future smartphones.I could go on and on about how this thing will change your life but all that's left to say is give it a try and i bet you will love it.Enjoy :)Update: 2-17-2011After having this phone for a few months i have decided to return it.After getting the Android 2.2 Froyo update the phones battery life was cut in half and many apps now force close at least once a day,this phone really can't handle Froyo well but that's only one of the problems i have run into.The fact that it has no front facing camera makes it impossible to do video chat over WiFi without constantly turning phone around so other person can see me,the back of the device gets very hot at times especially when playing 3D games,the GPS works great at times and then says you're over a mile from where you really are!I know for a fact that this is not due to weak signal since the person with me used another phone on same network with the same app and had no Gps problems.Bottom line is that the Vibrants hardware flaws keep it from being the device it could have been.I still like the Android OS,Froyo is very slick but you will be better served using it on another device.

Pros:  great screen, colors, movies play excellent.  Very good software preloaded. Sound quality, TV out works good (buy the inexpensive connectors).  Bluetooth good to connect to my car; however file transfer to computer was unable to occur.  Call quality. TM apps ok.Cons: Calendar program is subpar for business use.  Touchdown product(paid version)ok but industry not yet at MS level.  Battery life...don't be far from outlet.  Use app killer to help.  Unable to use overseas!  I went to Scotland where TMo is carrier and took to store to get SIM and was told it would not work as my phone configured only for US.  So you CAN use it overseas but would have to pay huge expensive plan.Suggestions:  Ability to hit dialer and have speed dail numbers pictured instead of having to pull up the speed dail function (three clicks!!!)You cannot delete the preloaded apps even if you won't use them.  Come on TMo, fix this.I would buy again.

I just got back from Japan and i've seen really hi tech phones we currently dont have in the US and when i said hi-tech that means bigger screens, crazy phone appearance ( shapes and sizes ). video call in every phone including pre paid phones, HDTV phones and etc. Why did i mention that? because those arent the kind of phone i was looking for. I was looking for cheap, smart phone with camera and video and big memory and boom voila!Samsung Vibrant for $0.00 ( 2 year contract, Amazon.com)- Huge 4 inch screen with 480x800 resolution HD- Camera ( no flash, but i never use flash so im good)-16 Gig internal memory and 16 more gig expandable thru external memory card.I have an iphone 3GS from Japan and this Vibrant t-Mobile phone comes close or exceeded it. I've had the luxury of choosing any phone and any network, i settle for this because this is the only phone that i dont have to pay $199 at least with a 2 year contract. Being service member also includes 15% off every month for the plan so that is really sweet. I love this phone up to this point. its really slim sexy looking and i just love it specially the screen. for you guys out there, there's alot of smart phones around but this is no mistake one of the best.  PS. this will sell for normal $199 with 2 year contract soon. It is now selling for $ 69.99 Amazon only.  Grab yours soon and lets experience Samsung Galaxy S phone

This phone is OK, I took it back.  The screen is great.  The performance is OK.  The Samsung software is kinda sucky.  I went back to my Nexus One.

I love this phone. I hate battery life. I carry 2 extra batteries in my bag. Totally dissapointed with such a lousy feature. Buy the phone, I love it and highly recommend it. My second one is a javelin blackberry and have used all kind of smarphones before. Never so dissapointed with a battery life!!!My pc sees my memory cards but cannot load them. :-(  Kies doesn't connect smartphone to pc.

The Samsung Vibrant (Galaxy S) has been a necessary tool in my busy life!  Between working, being a parent, going to school, and coaching, I need this phone to keep my life more organized and efficient.  There are so many features I use my phone for besides just being able to talk to people.  In a few minutes time I can check my voicemails, text messages, email, calendar, and even Facebook.  I feel the thousands of apps available to me can be for entertainment purposes and useful tools.  The calorie counter, GPS, weather channel, and dictionary are a few of the tools I use to be productive every day.  For entertainment purposes, I can watch movies, download music, and play a multitude of different games.  The phone also has a sleek look to it.  The screen is clear, bright, and easy for me to read.  I honestly cannot imagine not having my phone available to me.  My life would be a little too chaotic without it!Christopher

I have been with tmobile at least 10 years. No doubt their service is getting better each year as I can see. I was so close to get an iphone 4 even though the antenna problem was only fix by a case they provide. When I see the Samsung Vibrant I was impressed the respond,screen resolution, and the phone's weight.With Tmobile HSPA+ (They say it is close to 4g speed) is coming up at the end of August, the speed is going to get even more faster. I personally work for a big company as a sale associate and went to a tmobile training. When they showed the JD power and Consumer Report. Tmobile is second behind Verizon. Yes, it is surprised for most of people but it is true. Most of people still have that bad impression about Tmobile like ten years ago when they first came out. Oh wow, for god sake get rid of that idea!!!!! TMobile really changed and catch up really fast.I showed this phone to people who OWN Iphone 4. They admit that this device is so much better than their phone. Android apps 70 percents are free. HD movies on this device is amazing. The swype makes them say WOW. Seriously, when Im on the bus sit next to the people who has iphone all they do is texting because the internet is slow. When they see my samsung vibrant load a web page no longer than 5 seconds I wonder how they feel.No regret, get the phone you wont like it you will love it :)

Close To Perfection as Android Can Get!I don't understand the big hoopla over the Android OS, but I understand many people want features that are iPhone exclusives without either switching carriers or buying a product made by Apple. Anyways, the Android OS is probably the closest that anyone will get if they want a top notch performing OS, an app store, a web browser that's as good as a PC browser, beautiful threaded text messaging, etc. The Palm Web OS achieved this feat, but unfortunately nobody cared because their phones came in such ugly form factors that were neither attractive nor logical.The Samsung Vibrant is a stellar phone that comes with a 1GHZ Hummingbird processor that keeps the Android OS running fluid and smooth. I always felt the earlier Android devices were so sluggish and probably needed a 1GHZ processor to keep things from underperforming. The phone is quick and responsive while prior Android OS's had lag time before entering and exiting out of certain features, apps, etc.I am torn between this phone because I think it truly has some great attributes, but it also has some minor drawbacks that I can overlook. I appreciate that the phone is lightweight, but it's made with a plastic case that can feel very cheap and that's the tradeoff for anyone who is in the market for a smartphone that is lightweight. However, after using it for a few hours I got over this fact and reached a certain point where it wasn't an issue anymore. I never owned a phone with an AMOLED display and I have to say that the screen is truly gorgeous and the colors really POP, but at the same time I didn't notice anything AMAZING or drastic that wasn't found on the same screen for the EVO 4G or the Droid X, but I guess the whole purpose of the AMOLED is to save battery power. Despite the VIBRANT screen I still noticed a few pixilation issues when I was watching Avatar and this is probably not the phones fault and more of the way the movie was formatted. When a DVD is copied, movies usually tend to be over 3GB, so reformatting the movie to fit on a phone usually means condensing the movie below 1GB. I'm sure if the movie was around 2GB that there wouldn't be noticeable pixilations when there was too much action on screen. However, the screen has the ability to almost create a small illusion that the footage is in 3D which i liked. I also tried to play a few YouTube videos in HD and the phone ended freezing several times without the video even loading and so I had to exit out of the YouTube app, but it was unresponsive and took a few seconds before heading back to the home screen. These are just some minor gripes that I had, but the phone is still a winner.I am not going into a long review about this phone that hasn't already been said, so I am just going straight into the pros and cons below:Pros:Huge 4 inch colorful display that is truly VIBRANTSuper AMOLED screenResponsive Touch ScreenExcellent Web BrowserPinch and zoom7 home screen panelsLive Animated Wall PapersThreaded Text messagingAvatar Movie preinstalled16GB of built in internal memoryMicro SD card slot (Up to 32GB)3.5MM headphone jackMany preloaded AppsComes with 2 back cases (One Blue and One Purple)Samsung TouchWiz UI added inWi-Fi B/G/N3G Speeds5.0 MP Camera/CamcorderCan record videos in HD formatMicro USB chargerBattery life seemed ok (I haven't encountered any issues yet)USB ChargerWall Charger adaptor includedGoogle Voice SearchGmail syncMedia PlayerSwype Keyboard (LOVE IT)Cons:Plastic build can feel a bit cheapCamera/Camcorder has no FlashNo front facing camera for video conferencingCamera really should be 10.0 MP at this point

The good:- Amazon buying and out-of-box experience is fantastic. I was up and running minutes from opening the box. It's way better than going to the store.- The screen is terrific as advertised, bigger and more colorful than iPhone 4 (though not quite as crisp)- Calling functions, email, web browsing, wifi, google maps, etc. all work greatThe really bad:- Bought and installed 16GB microSD card, plugged in and loaded about 13GB of music. Immediately ran into a nasty issue in the music player - it barfs on artist sort or when searching, with the error "Not enough space in Music database" . Google that error message and you'll see that I'm hardly the only person having this problem. Some people suggest buying a paid music player from the Android Market, but that sort of misses the point, and from what I can tell there aren't any out there that are functionally equivalent to the built-in player. If you thought this was going to be a good replacement for your 16GB iPod (like I did) then you're in for a disappointment.Ho hum:- Camera pretty much useless indoor low light situations (works great outdoors)- Battery life is pretty crappy (especially for someone coming from non-smartphones that run for a week on a charge). I've already ordered a second power/sync cable to keep one at the office and one at home.- GPS works outdoors in clear conditions, not so much indoors or in obstructed areas. (haven't tried navigation in car)

I am new to Android, but this phone is amazing. I have been using it for a few weeks now, and it has performed very well. The 1 ghz processor really makes things go fast for me. I just wish Samsung would hurry up and push Froyo to the Galaxy S devices.**UpdateWhile this phone was good to begin with, the addition of a few apps and text messages slowed it down to an almost unusable speed. To try to fix the problem, I rooted the phone and installed CyanogenMod. Phone became more responsive but the battery life was wrecked. Upgrade came around and switched to iPhone. All in all, very capable phone, just needs text messages cleared out frequently and to be rebooted on a very regular basis.

I really like this phone with all its beautiful specs and fast processor. Its an amazing phone but its not as sturdy as other phones.The problems i had with this phone:1) Battery life is not the best. It wouldn't last for a day even at moderate usage. Also, the battery icon is a lie. it shows a full battery even at 80%. And it takes forever to charge. Sometimes, it would say that the battery is full charged but when you remove the charger it would show like 95-99%.2) The back cover feels cheap. i have my phone encased in a rubber protector all the time. when i removed it i noticed that the cover was a bit wobbly on one corner.3) The metal border was also a bit wobbly on the lower sides.Its a cool phone but samsung should have made it more durable and less plastic-y. my 14 day was up so i couldn't return it anymore. I shouldv'e waited for the g2.

I had been waiting for this phone since it was rumored to be coming to T-mobile, so my expectations were very high after reading so much about it. Amazingly, it has surpassed all of my expectations. The first thing that hit me was how sharp and, well, vibrant its huge screen is. The colors are extremely rich.  And once I started playing with it, I was very impressed with its blazing speed. I've installed my favorite podcast app, BeyondPod, and the podcasts download much, much faster than on my G1. Videos look amazing, especially Avatar, which was included on the 2 GB SD card that came with the phone. The phone also has 16 GB of internal memory. With a 32 GB SD card, the phone's memory can be expanded up to 48 GB.  I was concerned about not having a physical keyboard, but Swype makes typing with the onscreen keyboard astoundingly efficient. In fact, with Swype both my typing speed and accuracy have gone way up. I'm using it to type out this review. An amazing thing about Swype is not only how fast I can slide my finger across the keyboard to type, but how good Swype is at getting the word right even when I miss a letter or two. Another thing that was a very pleasant surprise was that after I entered my Google account info, not only were my contacts, calendar and email all synchronized automatically, but when I opened the wonderfully done Gallery app, all of my photos from Picasa had also been synchronized. The gallery had a nice thumbnail of each photo, and selecting one of the thumbnails caused the full resolution photo to be downloaded and displayed. The galley app also does a great job showing off the Vibrant's graphic capabilities with a dynamic, 3D display that organizes the photos into piles that can be easily expanded or "restacked". All of this is done by the phone itself. The Vibrant doesn't need any bloated desktop software or paid services to keep it synchronized. Setting up additional email accounts was also a snap. As I type this review, I must comment again how great Swype is. It actually makes typing fun!Setting up a secured wifi connection was also a snap. The web browser is excellent. Adding system controls such as wifi, Bluetooth, etc. to the pulldown notifications shade is an excellent feature added by Samsung. The stock widgets, such as Daily Briefing, Dual Clock, etc., are very nice, although I miss the calendar app on my G1. I'll get another one from the Market.Having seven home screens is very nice, I like that I can jump to any one of the home screens by tapping on one of the seven dots that run across the very top of the screen.I don't have any issues with the phone, but there are some minor nits. For example, my network connection generally seems to be stronger than what the bars indicate. Also, I miss having a trackball, but I'm finding out that with such a large, responsive and accurate touchscreen, a trackball isn't really necessary.Whatever you want to call it, a smartphone, superphone or a handheld computer, the Vibrant is an outstanding device.

I was a die-hard pull-out keyboard junky, but using Swype on the Vibrant changed my mind forever.  I could type 30+ words per minute on my G1 (my previous phone), and I'm a tad slower on the Vibrant using Swype, but that's just because there's a little bit of a learning curve.  I'm convinced that I'll be just as fast on the Vibrant by this time next week.In all respects, this phone is an incredible leap forward from the G1, and is light, sleek, and fast.  The 7 customizable home screens make it easy to categorize my apps and widgets.  The camera on this phone, in comparison to the G1's, is extremely usable and the results are comparable to point-and-shoot photos, even without a flash.  Who likes "flashy" pictures, anyway?  The screen is everything everyone has said.  Coupled with the speedy processor, I can flip through photos in my Picasa or Flickr accounts in a flash.I'm not jealous of my friends' iPhones anymore.

If you're a Mac owner, you might want to look elsewhere.  You will be unable to mount the phone via a USB cable to access the SD card without going through some gyrations (delving into the development/debugging mode).  Also, after connecting to my Mac, the phone turned itself off and wouldn't restart without being connected to a Windows machine.  I called tech support and they told me this was a 'known problem' and they didn't know of a resolution other than not to use it with my Macbook.  Looking through the TomTom support forums, I find that some Mac users don't have a problem while others do, so your mileage may vary.

First I have to say I love the phone almost everything about it. No that that's out of the way I'll get to the deal breaker. I happily purchased my Samsung Vibrant , played with it  loved all the features etc.. The I brought it home I quickly noticed that as soon as I turned on to my street I lost all signal, I thought that was strange seeing as all my other T-Mobile phones had signal. Inside of my house I lost all signal including 3g. Here is where it got real weird I put the phone down on my night stand I noticed all of a sudden I would get 4 bars and 3g, as soon as I picked up the phone again I would lose all signal again. I tried calling people and had people try calling me and nothing no service. I returned the phone and got another one same problem. I finally had to settle for my second choice the 3g slide and lo and behold I get signal. I was really bummed because I was so looking forward to T-Mobil's new flag ship phone. It does me no good though if I cant call anyone with it from my home. I hope they fix the problem so I can go back out and get it again.

As a person who is fairly well familiar with new gadgets and technology (in a non-techie way), I must say that I am very satisfied with this phone.The goods:1. It's a good phone, first and most important. No reception issues at all.2. Great screen, very good touch sensitivity.3. Stable OS, haven't had any issues with apps not working, etc, although I've limited myself to apps that have been tested and proven.4. I like the TouchWiz interface, although I do not have any prior experience with HTC's sense UI.5. Very convenient file transfers after setting up a FTP server on the phone and connecting via WiFi to home network. I use a nifty app called SwiFTP on the Vibrant and FileZilla on the PC, with files stored in a folder of choice on the SD card.6. Excellent android OS, very customizable. With fantastic apps (like Tasker) non-android phones are generations behind.7. T-mobile's unlimited data plan for the web is superb, no worries about data usage, etc.8. I personally like the T-mobile customer experience.9. Although I initially desired a physical keyboard, after getting familiar with Swype technology, I don't think I'm ever going to bother with the tiny buttons on any phone again. I'm an experienced typist and I think I'm faster on the phone with Swype than with my twiddling fingers on any phone's physical keyboard. Swype probably works even better for folks with large fingers or less experienced typists since button accuracy isn't critical in the presence of very good word prediction and AI.Could have been better:1. Battery life - I've had to charge the phone every night and restrain some of my use later in the day, but with lots of web usage, and running background apps for email, social networks, etc.2. A little too big for the pocket, but then I'd rather have a screen this size than a pocketable phone (but that's again personal preference.)Hopefully, the promised update to Android OS 2.2 will be seamless.Bottom line: I would buy this phone again in a heartbeat.

While the phone has many positive features--and is generally lovable--as noted by other reviewers, a major problem is that the GPS does not work reliably. In my experience, none of the various proposed fixes posted throughout the web made a significant improvement. The consequence is that navigation--when it does seem to work--is often inaccurate (and wrong directions are probably worse than no directions at all). Once more, the phone will sometimes freeze up and reboot on its own (or require one to remove and replace the battery to restart) while trying to obtain its location (during which its battery consumption is rapid). Samsung has promised a fix for a while, but has not yet delivered, leading me to suspect that it may be an irremediable problem with the hardware. It's difficult to get past the frustration of thinking that the manufacturer and service provider released the product without disclosing such a glaringly obvious error, and for me, at least, that was enough to sour the love affair and replace it with another Android device.

I've had my Vibrant for several months now and while the phone itself is very nice and has an amazing screen, I can't recommend it to anyone as thanks to Samsung, it will obsolete long before most peoples contracts expire.  The hardware itself is great, good battery life, great screen, and very slim.  The main problem though is that Samsung crippled it with a deliberately bad filesystem (RFS) which makes it laggy at times.  They have also failed to update it to the latest version of Android for over 6 months and it took months for them to try out a series of iffy fixes for GPS issues.  Now with Gingerbread coming out the Vibrant will be 2 versions of Android behind and Samsung hasn't given any indication that they're interested in updating the Galaxy S line to Gingerbread.  It seems they would rather keep forcing you to buy new phones rather than supporting their existing phones so I would recommend sticking with a vendor who will stand by their products and continue to support them throughout the life of the product.

The Samsung Vibrant is a great phone overall (besides the GPS).- The screen is awesome.  Great color, bright, and large.  The phone has a setting that automatically adjusts the brightness according to the light in the room (there is a little sensor on the front of the phone at the top right of the screen).  Once in a while this feature gets annoying, like when a shadow hits the sensor, but it can be turned off so you can manually control the brightness.  The way things pop up and change screens is cool too, similar to what I've seen on an iPhone.- The speed is awesome.  This phone does everything fast.- The battery life is good.  As with any smartphone, it depends on how much stuff you have running in the background, and how much you use it. NOTE:  The first Vibrant I received had an issue with the battery; it would only last about 6 hours without any use.  I returned it and got a new one and the battery life was much better.Another point worth mentioning is that the phone takes a while to charge, especially if you charge it using a USB port.  The included charger puts out more juice and reduces the charge time a little.  Buy a  Samsung car charger for your vehicle.  I found that a generic USB car charger did not put out enough power to charge the battery while using GPS (the charge % actually went down even though it was plugged in).  I had a 1000 mA generic USB charger.  The Samsung charger puts out 700mA, but for some reason it worked better.- The charge port is on the top of the phone, which is a little weird if you're switching from a phone with the port on the bottom (I constantly tried using the phone upside down).  This is something you'll get used to quick-The wake/sleep button is on the right side of the phone and it's tiny.  This is a button that you will constantly, and it was a little awkward for me.  It's higher than my thumb normally holds the phone, and I often found myself using one hand to hold the phone and the other to press the button.  This was one of the biggest annoyances.- The charge port has a neat little door that closes to keep junk from getting in and make the phone look better.- The main function keys (home, menu, back, and search) are not real button but touch controls at the bottom of the screen.  They light up, but after you haven't touched the phone for a few seconds the light shuts off, so you have to remember where the keys are if its dark (or touch the main screen first).- The user interface is nice.  I liked the way the apps were organized sideways instead of up and down.  You also have 7 home screens that you can configure anyway you please.  It's plenty of room so you can have one page for each type of app.  I had a page for web bookmarks, a page for games, a page for the most used apps, etc.- There is an issue with Google contacts that have a birthdate attached to them.  If the birthday does not include a year, you cannot open the contact (an error appears if you try to).  I'm not sure if this is a Samsung issue or an Android issue.- The speakerphone is average.  Not the loudest I've heard, but not too quiet.  It sounds clear.  While on the speaker, I'll mention the annoying sound that plays every time you turn the phone on or off.  It's a t-mobile jingle, and there is no way to disable it, but the way the speaker is designed you can hold your finger over it while power the phone on or off and it will be practically silent.- The music player is not that great.  It works, but I couldn't figure out a way to just make it play all the songs I have randomly.  I somehow got the phone to do it, but I don't know how.- GPS Navigation, the only really bad thing about the phone and the reason I returned it to get a myTouch 4G.  The GPS will get a signal and lock on very quickly in most cases, but after that it never worked for more than 5 minutes before it started showing me on side streets near the highway (while I was on the highway).  It would constantly re-calculate, and sometimes crash the phone making it reset.  I went through 3 Vibrants trying to get one that worked, and it just doesn't.  I got an update from T-mobile, which I assumed was for the GPS issue, and it didn't help.  I travel for work and one of the great things about a smartphone is that you can look up restaurants or other locations, then click on the address and the phone guides you there.  No such luck with the Vibrant.  Personally, I think it's a hardware issue and that no amount of software updates will fix it.

This is now Tmobile's premier phone.  Since Tmobile doesn't have the Iphone, the Droid or even 4G, this is their best.  It's okay and definitely better than the My Touch but it's no Iphone.There is no camera in the front and not even a flash--how cheap can you get Samsung?  Samsung always makes boneheaded mistakes on phones by trying to make them "unique," and this phone is no different.  There is no notification light to let you know you've a text or voicemail. Go in the shower and come out, if you got a call the only way you will know is by turning on the phone.  The notification light hardly uses any battery and this is simply a really stupid mistake by Samsung.Also, the charger is on the top.  It is the only phone I know with the charger on the top so if you're trying to make a call while charging it's very awkward to say the least.So for the same price as the Iphone 4 and the Droid X, you get a phone that has only 5MP with no flash, no camera in the front, so-so battery life, a paltry 2MB memory card, and no notificaton lights for calls.  Frankly, the only reason to get it is because you've Tmobile, which does have great customer service and good prices--but can Tmobile at least join the 21st century and get a real phone to give its customers something that doesn't seem like yesterday's news?

This is a great phone if you are willing to root it, and once you do, It's an amazing phone.My first recommendation, even for those who don't root, get ADW.Launcher from the android market, and you can pretty much say goodbye to most of TouchWiz. The gps fix is rather easy to do - next to no risk to do it (search xda developers for info on this stuff).But I digress, On to what most people care about ;)The phone is rather solid, though I'm afraid if I drop the phone it will break. Battery life is rather bad, but once you root, you can make the CPU munch less power with an app called SetCPU. Wifi, is good, not great. the most I've had it connect at is 72mbit, which is fine for DNLA. Oh, it comes with a nifty program called AllShare, which will let you share media over the network, to things like Xbox360, Windows Media Player, etc... best part - It can control compatible devices (like WMP).By the way, for those who care, CyanogenMod is coming soon for this phone :P

Great Hardware. No questions about it. Beautiful screen, really slim body and sexy looks. It has a nice powerful processor that makes it speedy but alas the software is no match for the hardware. I bought this phone after reading good things about Android and hoping that Google will do justice to the hardware but was totally disappointed.The phone comes with android 2.1 which is a fairly recent version but it still feels pretty old and boring. The phone is capable of displaying beatiful visuals but all that I end up using is the boring default UI and confusing visuals that Samsung decided to put on it. Theere are many annoying things to it. The phone locks up every so often, the programs are organized in a confusing manner. The Phone is littered with a number of crapware that I cannot get rid of etc...Battery life is another thing that I did not like on this. Now I am not sure if it's Samsung who decided to put this anemic battery in there or its the Android that is eating it up but the phone barely makes it through a day. HTC Touch Pro 2 which was my last phone easily lasted for a couple of days.Overall this phone gets 2 stars due to its good looking hardware. But nothing for the poor software.

The screen....the speed...the Swype! This is one killer...way too much to just call it a phone. Brilliant is the word, T-Mobile's best handset yet. I gave up waiting for Windows Phone 7. This will do me fine. Really, the Swype on this is the absolute easiest to use of any phone I have tried it on. This thing is glorious.

We discovered Amazon Mobile by accident while gathering information on the Samsung Vibrant model. We are pleased with the technical aspects of the Samsung phones, we ordered two.  The reviews and technical descriptions accurately described the phones features and capabilities. Shipping and and starting service with T-Mobile also went well - the folks at T-Mobile were helpful, courteous, and a pleasure to deal with.In the end however, we are deeply disappointed in Amazon Mobile.  While signing up for features for the  T-Mobile plan, the billing statement showed a special waiver of the normal $ 35.00 per person activation fee.  Well, when the first bill appeared from T-Mobile there was the $ 35.00 activation fee.  So this will remain the first and last time to use Amazon Mobile for our family.

8/12: Update, using speedtest dot com I got the download score all the way up to 6.23 mbps! Not on the device itself, but using the device as a modem for my laptop. The device is getting 3.5-5.5 mbps here at my office, but using it as a modem my Lenovo gets 4-6 mbps, and my Dell Latitude gets 1-3 mbps. Some day I'll have a computer geek explain why different devices are getting different download speeds from the same modem. All 5 of my computers and the Vibrant (over wifi) get .64 mbps on my $15/m DSL line.Lots of excellent reviews about the device's hardware, screen and interface; what none of the reviews mention is that you can get download speeds of over 5 mbps thanks to the T-mobile upgrade to 3G Plus (HSPA+).  The highest score I've gotten so far is an average speed of 5.6 mbps, but for a moment there that test was showing speeds above the 6 mbps range, it just averaged out to a little under that.  Technically the Vibrant is not a true HSPA+ device and cannot do more than 7.2 mbps, but 2-5 mbps is what I'm getting, and that is 6x as fast as the $15/month basic DSL line that I have at home and office.  There is an app for tethering with your laptop (or desktop) currently so you really get your money's worth.  Sprints  4G on the EVO is not any better than this, they charge you extra for it, and the availability won't be good for another year.The day I got it I was downloading and installing up to 3 apps at a time and streaming Slacker Radio while checking out all the features and going through all the set-up; there was never a lag, it can do all of these things simultaneously without any problems, it blew me away.Negatives:Phone reception is fine in most places, but when the signal is not strong, I do notice that a left-handed "grip of death" caused additional signal problems; depending on how I hold it I can watch the signal drop from 3 bars to 0, I switch grips and watch it go right back up. Sounds weird, but apparently Apple is not the only one with the problem.
