
I loved this phone as I wrote when I got it. I had to send it back ONLY because I'm heavey handed. If you are aperson who is lite with their fingers get it..FOR THE YOU CAN'T BEAT IT.It did all they said it would do.it arrived brand new and worked perfect out of the box. It arrived in a wonder factory box all set to go in english.Oh! and I didn't have to go around the world to get a refund...1 2 3...these are good people to do business with. I'm looking around in here now for gifts.Thanks

I got this phone in order to pick up wifi as many people do. It does pick up wifi because it is unlocked but the browser is horrible. Usually after about 3 minutes of browsing it would stop and give a memory error. When I called a customer service center the keypad wouldn't let me enter the menu options. The camera on this is horrible too, and many of the 'widgets' you can't download with just wifi.  For just over 200 dollars you can get the LG Optimus T unlocked which supports the latest Androhid  2.2 Froyo with a great browser. Another stupid thing about this phone is that the head phone jack is propitiatory and is not the normal 3.5mm jack. Stay away from this stupid phone, get something android based.

I purchased the Samsung Monte because I was attracted by the many features that this phone afforded for the price. I received it over the Labor Day Weekend and I spent all weekend (mostly) configuring this phone to work with AT&T;'s Network. I was successful. But recently, I have been trying to access the 3G capabilities of this phone, low and behold there is significant differences in the frequencies that are utilized by Europe and North America for 3G. Consequently, The phone's 3G functions most notably the video call can't be use in the US. Because the phone is set up for 900/2100 mhz and AT&T; uses 850/1700/1900. Tmobile uses other frequencies that are not compatible w/ this phone. I am currently researching whether or not I can reconfigure this phone to the required frequencies. I will keep you updated on my progress.Otherwise I love this phone. I just want to get as much out of it as I can. Comment on my review if you need help configuring this phone for AT&T.; cddavis3@bellsouth.net.

I bought this to replace my husband's blackberry storm he lost in the airport. He is so please with it's sleek design. He likes it a lot. So easy to use and surf the web too. A perfect little thing specially for a busy, always-on-the-go and not gadget freak person like him.

I'm from Ecuador , the cellphone was unlocked, and it had all accsesories , i love this phoneits easy to use it's beauty shape, I recomend cause it also have a good price!

My Nokia POS phone starting giving up the ghost and I was faced with either signing up for another two year contract to get a reasonable price or pay through the nose for a non-contract price.After doing some research, I settled on the S5620 Monte.  When it arrived, I popped in my SIM card and voila!  Well, whatever the Portuguese word for voila is.  The language was set to Portuguese and I had to fumble my way through the menus trying to find what I thought was a menu option.  After fumbling for about 10 minutes, I had it switched to English and was off.This is a great little phone for a couple bills.  I don't have to sign up for the contract, and I can kiss off AT&T; and go to T-Mobile if it suits my fancy.The WiFi is awesome.  It's sad that US carriers can get away with forcing defeatured phones down our throats and force us into outrageous data plans.  Since I live in Mountain View, I get free WiFi within the city from Google, so I don't have too much of a need for a data plan when I can use the built in WiFi.The camera takes great pictures at 3.2 megapixels.  Video quality is good as well with a decent frame rate, but not the highest resolution (QVGA).  Good enough for YouTube or Facebook.Voice quality is not the best.  Also, I had to go to the UK for a case that conforms to the phone design.  It also doesn't have a Qwerty keyboard input for texting.  A couple small sacrifices for a smart phone without a contract, a steep price or a monthly gouging.Very happy with this phone.

Not even good for my ten year old son......its far from an android system, messaging is poor, camera is poor!!

Very good phone for the money you spend!I own it for about a month and i like it very much. It has all basic smartphone features (ok, no multitasking and no query keyboard) but definitely, a good phone for smartphone starters. NO CONTRACT and money you paid is a definitely worth it.I would recommend this to any new smartphone user or who's is looking for secondary phone with no contract.Only reason I am giving 4 star is its Java based OS, which limits you to do certain things(applications).Over all, I am very satisfied with the phone.

Before I bought this phone I spent HOURS researching smart phone and this one had 9 of 11 things I was looking for in a NEAR PERFECT phone. The good is shown below and the bad.Good:-1. Lightweight phone, comfortable to carry and hold in my hand - I give a PLUS ONE STAR! I detest a large and bulky phone.2. A 3.5 jack for standard earphones! Reason that I bought this phone - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!3. Touchscreen works great - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!4. Easy to connect to Wi-Fi - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!5. Internet browser is easy to zoom into, just press your finger down to enlarge the screen - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!6. Unlocked and NO CONTRACT (I use home WiFi and local WiFi hotspots for Internet browsing) saves me money - I give a PLUS ONE and a HALF STARS!7. Accepts up to 16gb SD Card - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!8. FM radio and the radio records music - I give a PLUS ONE STAR!9. Low cost smart phone compared to other smart phones with these features.10. LONG BATTERY LIFE--I get 4 days as I turn off WiFi when I am not using Internet!Bad:-1. No QWERTY Keyboard. (After practicing the keyboard is easy to use and I am getting more and more used to it).A MINUS ONE STAR FOR THIS!2. Samsung's own proprietary operating system- I prefer Windows OS or Android, this OS on this phone is so different! A MINUS ONE STAR FOR THIS!3. Because this phone is unlocked there are NO Internet or MMS settings (picture and multimedia messaging) and must be placed into the phone MANUALLY. It took me over 3 hours to find the settings in forums and type each setting into the phone, however, I was able to set up the phone for both MMS and Internet. The WiFi set up in just one minute with no problem, however! A MINUS ONE STAR FOR THIS!4. Setting up email accounts is very tricky, but can be done, however, I had to research on the internet the POP3 and IMAP settings and try several times to get this to work. A MINUS ONE STAR FOR THIS!****Total Stars I Give To This Phone: 5 STARS because of all the pros and long battery life.FINAL NOTE: First, if you just use WiFi and DO NOT USE A DATA PLAN from your carrier or send/receive picture messages (just send and receive text messages), this phone is easy to set up right out of the box! However, if you do need a data plan with your carrier and love to send video, pictures, audio (MMS) messages, then you will need to manually place the settings for DATA INTERNET (so you can use your carrier's Internet when not on WiFi) and MMS. However, if you want to set up these settings and you are not a tech savvy person or don't want the hassle of manually doing these settings, I would suggest that this phone should be a NO GO for you. By the way, if this helps, I use T-Mobile and went to the T-Mobile forums on how to set-up a NON T-MOBILE phone for MMS and INTERNET and found the settings there. I had to try THREE times to get it just right on both, but now the INTERNET and MMS work great on my phone. If you need the settings for AT&T;, there are probably forums on their website as well. Also, you can also call either carrier and sometimes they can send you the settings to your phone to get the INTERNET and MMS. Remember anytime you buy ANY kind of unlocked phone, it will need the INTERNET and MMS Settings put in manually or have the carrier send BOTH settings to your phone.UPDATE NOVEMBER 30, 2011A common question about this phone and other UNLOCKED SMARTPHONES:Q. Does AT&T; or T-Mobile make you buy a data plan on a pre-paid pay as you go phone? From my own experience with AT&T; and T-Mobile and as of now (things can change), this is my answer below. Please read carefully as your own UNLOCKED SMART PHONE with prepaid no data is needed, read below please:Answer from my personal experience using both AT&T; and T-Mobile Pay as You Go (Pre-paid-NO CONTRACT):By my own experience, my personal answer is NO as I have another UNLOCKED Smartphone and have AT&T; on it. AT&T; or T-Mobile does not charge you for Wifi and AT&T; nor T-Mobile does not MAKE you add data on your unlocked smartphone. However, when you buy one of AT&T; phones from the AT&T; Store or T-Mobile Phone from T-Mobile store on MANY phones they do make you buy data plan when you buy a smart phone from them along with your regular voice plan. When I brought my own older smart phone to the AT&T; store to purchase a sim card and minutes from AT&T;, they activated it with Pay as you Go No Contract Prepaid and I told them I did not want data. They said OK, then just use your WiFi. As for WiFi: if you can get to WiFi hotspots, such as your home, office, cafe etc, the WiFi is free. However, if you just SOMETIMES need DATA with AT&T; you can buy it for 30 days for either $5, $15, $25. And if you put more data in before you use up the 30 days, the old data rolls over. This is what I do, I rarely need data, but there are some places that I go to that DO NOT have WiFi and I just need to check something quick on the Internet. Then and and only then do I use some of my data. If I just used WiFi, I would never buy data. If you buy any UNLOCKED phone remember these important things:1) You will need to MANUALLY set up DATA settings and MMS settings. You can look these up in google: Data and MMS Settings for non At&t; phone. You will see websites that give you that info.2) If you just use WiFi no need to set up your Data. And since this is an unlocked phone and NOT an AT&T; phone, no data is ever required unless you decide to add that $5, $15 or $25 for data for 30 days. You have the choice here!

Probably should have read up on this phone, but it's not a smart phone, at least, I wouldn't call it that. This phone is more like an &#34;upgraded&#34; simple phone. There aren't really apps and your selection for games and programs is extremely limited. Surprisingly, the stock browser and media player is alright, but you run into the problem of having to downgrade most videos.I wouldn't recommend buying this for yourself, maybe for a child as an emergency phone, but there are better ones out there.And that's when I bought this in 2011.

I really like this phone. However I HATE the fact that once i received the phone I found out that it wasn't an American phone! So now I have no phone because I somehow locked it and now I can't get it unlocked because I  can't get a hold of the customer service in the country where my phone was made. American customer service tried to help me but had no luck. Also some of the Apps are in different languages that I cannot read and so I can't use them! Also when I got the phone it would let me receive picture messages but not send them and I had to get my mobile provider to send me a download so that I could send pictures.  From now on I am just going to pay that much more to go into a store and buy one from them where I know for a fact that this stuff wont happen! Don't waste your time or MONEY!!!!

i honestly love this phone. it's super light, which can be a good and a bad thing but mostly good since it's not bulky. the touchscreen is super responsive and the phone is really easy to use and get used to. though it doesn't have a keyboard, the t9 is pretty good at predicting the words you're trying to type. overall, it's probably one of the best phones i've ever had. oh, and the wifi is really convenient too! if you get this phone, i'm sure you won't be disappointed (unless it was defective or something..)random note: the lcd screen and glass recently shattered due to it flying off my lap when i got off a seat in a truck and hitting the concrete but the parts to replace them are not too expensive either.

very nice little phone full of features but difficult to use indoor due to the fact that most of the time, when you are inside a house, building or any covered place,there is 85% chance that this phone will keep loosing service. lot of time I have to go outside my house when I'm using this phone and I have never had such problem with other phones. Sometime, it is kind of stressful. But like I said beside that connection problem, I really like this phone.No recommended for someone who is always indoor.

How to see the keypad especially if I call toll free # and they asked me to press #.I did'nt see the keypad show in the screen.Somebody can help me pls?

The product arrives on perfect conditions,it is a good phone but does not have wifi or other things that todays technology demands

Its a decent phone for the price.. the interface is good to.. I purchased this for my mom as a giftand she really likes it. The display when dialing is big enough.. others icons are small but she willnot use it much either. Its a good phone for someone who wants some basic functionality and access to internet.I am happy with the purchase and would definetly recommend this phone..

I am expecting what d merchant promised me.,that it can be good ad a gift to my 20 year old niece in the Philippines ..but the box looks old and the celfon really looks used ..if he tells me honestly I should have bought brand new.  bur since I shop through Amazon ..I believe you are protecting your customers'interest ..

The specs. on this phone was impressive and the reviews were good so I bought it.  I loved it a first, but the touch pad went bad within a few months and I could not get a replacement so that was the end of it.

I didnt realize how much I hate having to use T9 or whatever.. horrible not having a qwerty keyboard.  Also the selling point for me on this one was the WiFi. Disappointing to say the least. The browser is junk.. looks like I'll have to still carry around my iTouch and use it for internet.

I bought samsung s5620 monto unlocked from you ,, and you sent locked phone by orange ,, are kidding with mee !!!!!!!!i live in us i cant use loked orange phone .late and locked !!!!!!! i cant stand this

I just want to say that this mobile is very good and it has 3.2 mp camera and not 3mp. I felt it many time and it nothing heppened with it.

I was leery of getting another Samsung device when my last one died on me, but this phone is surprisingly easy to use. Some set up time required and I am still learning it but like it so far.

I had the phone for over a month now and it works great.All the features work good, the phone's language was already set to english and the package included an adapter to plug the phone to an american outlet.Touchscreen is great, not too sensitive.Once the settings are set up, the WIFI and MMS work great.The camera has a very good picture during the day (not so good at night, it lacks a flash)the only downside to me would be no flash in the camera (this is why I gave it 4 stars) and the front camera is pretty much useless (I think that is depending on the carrier that you have) but it does work if you test it.Overall very happy with the phone.

I had to return it because I was not able to make the camera work. It kept saying Camera Failed. I checked if there was a firmware and it was not available. Kies software does not apply firmware to this phone.

This is the best phone available for the price. It is unlocked and wifi capable and hence it saves a lot of money as you dont need to sign up for a data plan.The phone looks nice and sleek and all the widgets and tools works great.Love my new phone..

EL PRODUCTO ES BUENO, LO UNICO QUE ESTUVO MAL ES EL RETRASO EN LA ENTREGA POR FALTA DE FACTURA QUE NO ENVI&Oacute; EL PROVEEDOR. POR LO DEM&Aacute;S TODO BIEN.

I just wanted a phone to replace my LG that lost its keys (after repeated drops...heh).  This was about the same price as the LG was two years ago.  Plus it has gps, wi-fi, and a bunch of other stuff.The version I got came with polish documentation and polish navigation apps.  Still figuring out a way to get English versions of these...but it really does not matter to me...I can't really get lost in my little part of the world.  Google maps works well enough to get directions to shops and stuff I haven't really been to before.The GPS works fine.  It takes a while to lock on to about five or six satellites before it gives lat, long, and alt (alt changes fairly rapidly even if you stay still...may be inaccurate).The interface is fairly responsive.  It did stick on me once, and slow up a couple of times.  No touch screen qwerty is a slight disappointment (should have it in landscape in my opinion).A phone that works, has good reception, wi-fi, and a bunch of other neat features.  A few minor issues.  Not too shabby.  If you don't want to spend a small fortune on an unlocked phone, you won't go too far off base with this one.

The phone is great. I received it 3 days ahead of the estimated delivery time. During the ordering, i am worrying it couldn't work for my Malaysia SIM card. But when i received the phone, plug in the SIM and it works perfectly. Wow.. so nice. I like the features of the phone.. it works better that i expected. thanks.But, one thing I am still trying to figure out is how to turn of the EDGE networking for the phone. Because it will be very costly if i to use the EDGE networking to access to internet for the international roaming instead just to use the WIFI. if you know how to turn off the EDGE network for this phone, Samsung Monte S5620. Do let me know... thanks a lot.Samsung S5620 Monte Unlocked Quad-Band GSM Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, gps navigation, E-Mail, Stereo Bluetooth--International Version With Warranty (Black)

this is a very good phone.It does everything I need it to do. Very good battery life. Wifi works well. am/fm radio. mp3 player all works great.

It dropped and the back cover openned and the battery separated. Several times I retrieved and and put it back until I finally lost it.

Picture and video not very good. Luckily it supported latest bluetooth devices, hence bought.Other features seem okay. Maybe okay for the price.

I am frustrated with this phone, I feel like it does not live up to the reviews.1. the idea of the phone using wifi is great, but does not work. It shows one bar when I connect to my very strong home wifi signal.2. the broswer is very hard to use if you do manage to connect, and very slow3. can't send picture messages without being connected to "the network"4. people can't hear me, say my voice sounds garbled5, and probably the most annoying thing so far, is the phone locking automatically. It makes it incredibly difficult to use the keypad while on a call. I did not realize how often I did this until now. You have to keep pressing the unlock button every two seconds. And then after you enter the numbers (say during a voice mail call) and put the phone back up to your ear, you end up pressing numbers on the keypad with your ear. I have accidentally deleted a bunch of voice mails this way.6. since the phone is European, as well are the games on it, I am afraid to purchase any of the games, as I'm not sure if extra charges apply for international payment/money transfer.I wish I had just bought a simple flip phone. This phone is more trouble than it's worth.

I agree with Daisy S review the phone is good, however the biggest CON for me was not being able to turn off vibration mode completely so I returned the phone after using it for two days.

I ordered this phone excited about the price and features. Got this phone today...STarted it...it is in some other Language....I never specified any other language!!Called the BluetekUS a couple of times...no response....Have a bad exp. with Amazon and Bluetek...donot buy!!

I found this product easy to use.It has most of the features I was looking for, mp3 player, camera/video.It is touch screen. Above all I am very happy with the Wi-fi capabilities, that enable me to browse the web without this expensive data plan.I am satisfied, It is worth the money. I recommend it for someone who doesn't want to sign a two year plan.

Easy setup. Nice little phone.I highly recommend this phone. Works well. Touchscreen works great. Easy to connect to Wi-Fi -

Some features were not user friendly, such as side button to end calls: pressing this button in a one handed operation usually triggered action from the volume buttons which are directly opposite

The phone works fine with AT&T; and associated data plan.  Doesn't always get the "G" for 3G, but always gets the "almost" 3G (edge).  Took a little effort to program the messaging and internet.  Works fine with Wifi.  The power adapter is the same one that I have for my Motorola razor - so that helps a lot.  The music player is pretty good - has no problem locating my music files (and I didn't have to indicate where to search).  The GPS takes awhile to get going sometimes, but it does work (Note: use the supplied Google maps - trying to upgrade will back-level the program and make it not work.)There are some good apps, and the phone is pretty intuitive.  Nice looking.  I bought it for the WIFI and GPS features - didn't want much more feature or keyboard - so it met my requirements.  Battery lasts 2 full days.

I have this phone. Looking at the price, this has nice functionalities, touch screen, HSDPA connection, wifi, etc, that you will love. However, the software that supports (KIES) connection between the phone and PC (for data transfer), crashes in Windows 7. I have tried with different laptops but with the same windows 7, but still crashes. It has been raised to samsung customer support, but there is no solution for this KIES issue. They reply was just to ask me to reinstall the software and it does not solve at all.If you just use the phone without PC, go for it, it's a nice phoe. But if you need the software for transfering files with your computer (with Windows 7), you will end up spending time to figure out why it crashes.

its an okay phone that is great and works and the only problem is the charger which is european and will not work with american outlets

Having recently received it I am trying to learn this phone. It has good voice reception and i figured out the websurfing at hotspots without need for expensive data plans. It s unlocked and worked well with my T Mobile Sim card without any problem. I am still learning the other functions at this time.However during a call the keypad wont open and if you are asked to make a keypad number selection during a call i could not find a way to open the keypad. There is a task bar for keypad but it wont acknowledge or accept the command to open the keypad. If anyone has any solution for this please answer to this email

It's ok product, I have some difficult to write message in T9 predictive mode, due to firmware is in English, and I live in Mexico. For use internet, it's slowly, and have it very poor sign captation. Over all, it's a good issue. It's ok.

i did not read all the detail about this phone before i got it and found out from first hand experience. amazing graphics,bluetooth,gps/gprs and one of the coolest features is the photo editing software. if you ever wanted a phone that no one else can use beside you.the security settings on this phone give you and you only access to anything,making calls reading text or even viewing photos. over all it is a great buy.

the phone is great, i put a sim in it and worked very well. it also has good functions, very sensitive screen but in a good way. it took me only a couple of days to get use to it. great battery life. and you can find plenty of java aplication for it. GPS is working well, but you need to have a data plan, otherwise is useless. there are other options than you can use instead of google maps. it is also easy to update or flash, if you are from a different country and you need another language. I also consider an advantage the fact that the phone comes clean, with no brand, that gives you the posibility to setup your data plan on any network. all you need to find out the right settings for it. On the other hand, KIES application that comes with the phone is old, but you can easely update it online, or try to install a fresh one. it has good tools, i was able to transfer a film including subtitle. No compatibility issues with win 7 X64

Internal antennae is terrible and does not receive signals very well. Sound is muffled on both talker and receiver. When you put it towards your face the touch screen is activated and changes your setting. Cannot text quickly because it does not have a querty keyboard. I'm sure it is convenient for those who travel overseas and want to use the same sim card. Save up your money and buy a real smart phone.

I recieved my phone today and it was packed well and in great condition. Its a little different than the picture as I ordered the silver and black, but this one has orange on the sides (I got a case so I am not to concerned). Great phone and works well with my tmobile sim and memory card. Over all a great company with quality products. I will do business with them again.I did contact the company and asked to exchange, since I didnt like the color of my phone,  and they informed me the color I got was all they had, due to high demand. They gave me a 25% refund and I am impressed. I will definitly suggest this company and order from them from now on. DO NOT order from anyone else.

This cell phone is really worthwhile... Low price and lot of features... However, it came to me set in Polish and the user guide was in Polish too... But, I quickly solved this problem just using the internet.

The item is a good product.  The  problem was the service by The Oem Shop and amazon because send to me a phone wasn't unlock.  I explained that return back the item was not be convenient for me because I paid taxes and sending cost that yours companies don't refund to me.  I tried to find another solution.  I expected to receive  the unlock code but it wasn't.  I had to buy a unlock service for this item. It costs  to me $20.

The screen is nice, clean, bright, and the touch screen capability is really good.  The three desktops for your widgets is also great, but honestly it's -almost- gimmicky and it's hard to find a reason to use it every day.  I keep my sound profiles up on one of them, and I keep my facebook feed on another.  The WIFI works great and is the best part of this phone.  The only downers, really... is a lack of qwerty-touch keyboard.. and if you're in the US, there's is a really strong lack of apps.

Este es un gran producto de Samsung, muy bonito y f&aacute;cil de operar, las aplicaciones son bastante buenas y &uacute;tiles lo recomiendo completamente.

the phone came 3 days sooner then expected, once charged it works great. the only problem i had was not the phones problem, i could not get pic texts. i called tmoble and they fixed me up real quick. overall i love the phone, no need to pay $30 a month for internet i have wifi

Basically I would have given it 5 stars because it's a good phone once you get by the frustration of it being setup in another language.  The manual is useless because it is also in another language.  This is not advertised as such.  The GPS is even in a foreign language and I have yet to figure out how to change it if it's even possible.  But the phone is great once you change the language.  This is a really great phone and the price really saved me a ton of money.  I can deal with a little language thing at this price!  The phone arrived on time and in good condition but I was wanting to select the gift option and it was unavailable on this item without any explanation.

I bought this phone mainly for its WiFi and GPS features.  I was disappointed with browser and unnecessary question about loading pages from various servers.  But the worst part is completely non-functional GPS.  Only after I received he phone was I able to find info that the GPS feature is available in Czech Republic ONLY.  No wonder I couldn't change the language used in GPS section.  To make things worse, I could not even get GPS coordinates let alone my location shown on a map (despite using my funds for data transfers).The phone came loaded with some applications, most of which I do not need.  The ones I would like to have (like gtalk, yahoo msgr, etc) I could not install.  In general, it seems that the Samsung OS is pretty sucky and inflexible.I could not recommend a phone like this to anyone.  I have no idea what other Samsung phones are like, but I think I'll just stay away from them in the future.

I really like this phone. When I got it I couldn't get MMS messages. Everywhere I looked told me to look somewhere else. I ended up just doing the live chat with a T-mobile rep and he messaged me the settings and I installed them, it was super easy and now it works fine.

I love the look of my phone, it has a wonderful sound as a music played.BUT??? I have tried to find all possible ways to set it to recieve picture messages,it is not happening!!If any one can help I would appreciate it.

I bought this cell phone 2 months ago for my wife.she is from old school and was a little worry about touch screen instead of keys, but she get use to do it very fast, now she is enjoying all gadgets. The phone works fine with local phone carrier (Costa Rica).A little disadvantage is that some gadgets are not in English or Spanish (comes in Russian)but nothing that a smart boy can solve.I totally re-comment this device, it is a good phone for the price.

Considering its price is a great phone. It has a very nice screen, takes good pictures, you can search the web and all, but sadly, since it is not an android telephone, you can't have whatsapp on it. So, if you are use to this kind of social apps you better choose a different model. But if you don't this is a great cel phone!

PROS:I'm very happy with this phone. It is slim with a cool look. The audio quality of the mp3 player its very good. I use a lot the wifi connection(don't have a 3G plan) with very good results.In the morning I use the weather widget while I'm still in bed, via my home wifi, very usefull.CONS:I can not make the GPS work. I've tried almost everything, it still can't get the gps position...

I bought the phone as I needed a unlocked phone for Costa Rica, when I make a call and have to enter numbers on the keyboard such as press one for this or press two for that the keyboard hasdisappeared and the keyboard button does not work when I press it.

Waited a while to write this up. Wanted to give it a fair test. Been an Electrical Engineer in control design for thirty some odd years and this was a challenge for me to get some of the features up and running. I use only a few, but wanted to check them all out because they were there. This is a great device requiring little tech skills for phone, camera, bluetooth, general setup and so forth; but if you want net, email and GPS be prepared for a little work (ulocked). If you want battery life this is definitely the phone for you. I would give it a 5 star but all engineers are a little "Dilbert". Am totally happy with general use; just make sure you buy a few extra screen protectors.

Comes with many features.  Most APPS will not work for it!  such as Skype, and QR reader.  Just to name a few of many I could not install.Its an international phoneThe Kies Software for PC-connection will not recognize the phone on Windows 7.  I checked forums; this is a known issue that won't get fixed soon.Also I do not believe this is a 3mp camera.  a buddy of mine has a 3mp on his phone and we took pictures of the same portfolio for later review.  I could barley read the text.  His was clear as day. Had the same issue when trying to take pictures of a professors whiteboard notes.  Could not read them later. never had that problem with my old 1.3mp cameraWould give this phone 1 star and returned it if default apps and wi-fi were not useful until I get a new plan.  Would not keep this phone for my primary phone or as a useful tool.unless your a phone developer or phone tech. save the headache and get a phone that just works out of box b/c this one does not!Pros:comes with a lot of features for cheap, battery life pretty goodCons:good luck getting additional APPS working.  good luck getting connected to your computer, Kies PC connection software does not work.  Camera not so good.

There are many good things about this phone and the best is battery life. I would use this phone for around 5 days without needing a recharge. Wow! And I surf the web and use the camera as well.Wifi works flawlessly. In built apps for Twitter,Facebook and google is great. However Google app does not work with wifi.. May be google has it hard coded to work with data plan only. But you have a work around. You can down load gmail app which works with WiFi.There is a smark unlock feature with gesture unlock. I love it. All you have to do is write a pre-set letter(you decide which letter) on the screen with your finger and phone unlocks and dials the number to have set for that letter! Amazing.There are many gadgets to use like tip calculator, timer, social networking sites apps, music player, Youtube app, Dictionary(I love it), messenger, voice recorder etc.Phone has Image editor. So you can take a picture, edit it to make it look better and then directly upload the picture to Picasa, facebook or Flickr. You can upload vidoes directly to Youtube. Picture quality is decent.It has active sync feature which I haven't used yet so I can't comment on that.You would not be disappointed with this phone.

The camera is sleek and seems to be a good purchase. What was not stated in the description is that there are 3 user manuals included; in Latvian, Estonian and Lithuanian. Had to download the English version, and as it is 88 pages in a small booklet format, printing is out of the question.

This phone does exactly what I need.  I wanted something easy to use with WIFI and I got it.  Don't care much for internet and didn't want to be paying for it through my carrier.  The phone is easy to use and good size.  The only thing that annoys me is typing text messages.  I love the T9 but I get easily irritated when it's suggesting words that I need to flip through or changing from numbers to letters.  The seller was easy to work with but they sent me a wrong adapter so I had to wait a good week.  Overall, the price I paid was decent for this phone.  Thinking about getting one for the husband once his dies.

touchscreen is good.  Camera is not so good.  video is OK.Sound quality is OK.  If you want wi-fi without data plan, this is a good pick.

Simply awesome! The price was unbelievable - I purchased it for $ 149.00. Worth every penny! Two thumbs up!

For a so-called 'non-smart' phone, it's pretty smart.  Does everything they said it would.  I love it.  Biggest drawback is the lack of a virtual 'QWERTY' keypad, but I see I could download one (if I was smart enough to do it!).

meanue was inconvinient. when you talk on a phone the keyboard does not turn off automatically (you can dial somewhere by accident). had to return it becasue the phone had some problems.

I have purchase this phone... and i'm happy with this ..phone .. great design light and easy to use .. the only problem that i see is the reception of the wireless signal .. is kinda poor .. and maybe slow to charge the page .. but and the resolution of the videos has to be the same size of the cell ... that's mean that you have to reduce your video resolution with a program .. just that... .. is a great phone ..

Word of warning-do not order an electronic device right before leaving on a trip. This so called unlocked international phone does not even take a charge, so I was stuck for 2 months in another country unable to call home. Worst part? Amazon will not return because they have a 30 day return policy so here I am with a useless phone.

GPS is not free ,it has to be paid to use this service. Also battery cover is made of delicate plastic, which seems very easy to break, while changing the battery. I think this phone is overprice at this moment, it should be around $95 or less. I paid $135. Other than that phone is OK not that great either.

This was a basic touch sreen phone. like I SAID BASIC FOR BASIC REASON. IT WORKS JUST FOR WHAT U NEED. I TRAVELLED OUT OF THE COUNTRY YEARLY SO, I USE IT FOR THAT PURPOSE ONLY. ITS WORKS JUST FINE FOR THAT.

I normally hated the smarthphone for the price!!! There have got so high price!!! But this cellphone is great!!!! The quality of the graphics is perfect, the speed for writing sms is so good!!! And... very important! This phone works perfectly with GSM or 3G in my country: Costa Rica. The protection of shipment was excellent! Definitely I am so happy with this bougth and the price is perfect and accessible for any people!

This phone is not UNLOCKED as describe, I got very angry and embarrassed because this suppose make my sister surprise on her birthday, she got very disappointed. I have been trying to call several times, at least someone picked up but answer at an unpleasant manner, I need to try to keep up the conversation to find out what's the problem with my phone, they always tend to find something to hung up on me. They said no phone left in stock to replace this, so I chose refund option. Throughout several calls, I've reach them roughly 4 times. They promised me for my return label, but, never happen. They said it suppose to be sent to my amazon account, but I checked and I got none. I did wait for 2 weeks and got NOTHING, NO RETURN LABEL as what they did promise me. I ended up spending another 20$ to buy a program on website to unlock this phone by myself. I thought my sister will be very much happy then, but, she found out that there's no full keyboard for her when she texts which is the main reason why I bought this phone, I thought it a must with this type of smart phone. Another big problem is that, this phone DON'T READ CARD although there's place to put the card in, it CAN NOT READ MEMORY CARD. I gave up, I don't want to call back again, too much promises not nothing have done. And about 2 weeks later, I got an email of the OEM shop for "return label"... too late already unlocked and my sister already used it, unhappily, so much disappointment, wasting money and just ruin a big expectation for my sister birthday.

I ordered this phone for my wife as she doesn't required any DATA package.I have got this phone for $115 price and works great. I have noticed in some of the review sections people mentioned that they got different language when they got the phone. Luckily I got with ENglish option only. so it was very easy to setup and navigate.I also bought MicroSD Card with 8GB capacity and that also works good. Wifi setting is very simple as they have WIFI widget or App in their default icon list.Phone is worth for that Price.-ve Point:The ONLY down side of this product is 3" inch Display Screen. As I have used iPhone [3.5"] and Samsung Galaxy S[4" screen] phone, I found this phone is pretty small. But for ladies, they love this model and sleekness.Sofar NO issues.

With regrets, I'm returning the Samsung Monte because of sporadic network service issues. The unit I received would show three bars one minute and No Service a minute later without changing locations and using a SIM card that worked fine in other phones.  After messing with it for a couple of weeks I was convinced it wasn't something I could fix with a software setting.Otherwise, the phone was pretty much exactly what I wanted.  It was great having Wi-Fi available on the phone when wireless connections were available. I was able to use the Facebook and GMail apps.  The Internet browser seemed slow but adequate.  The interface took a little getting used to but there were certain features I liked.  I have an HTC Incredible so I'm used to a good smartphone interface and although the Monte's screen was a bit more sluggish than the Incredible it was still a nice touchscreen.  I did miss not having a full virtual keyboard but the T9 predictive text worked well with just the standard number/text pad. The text messages just had a standard inbox/outbox interface which was not as nice as the threaded message display of most higher-end phones.  I liked the control I had between phone memory and the microSD card (purchased separately).  I was able to add custom ringtones easily. The volume rocker on the side worked differently - at the home screen it would control the volume of the keypad sounds but not the actual ringtone volume - but profiles could be switched easily enough.I would have kept the phone if the network connection would have been more stable.  My home doesn't have a strong signal anyway so perhaps someone living within a very strong signal area wouldn't notice the sporadic nature I witnessed.  I really liked the phone and would definitely have kept it had the signal not been an issue.
