
I have been a Blackberry user for a very long time. I have had the Incredible since January and I have to say I am impressed!  I am thrilled I made the switch. Not only is my call quality much clearer, but the sound is louder as well. Having the phone on speaker works great. No muffled sounds.  Internet is a great experience and blazing fast.It is nice to have full web pages and not have to squint to see.  My email comes to me just as quickly as it did with Blackberry.  The camera is awesome as with video.  Love listening to my CD's that I have downloaded and Pandora sounds great too.  My only complaint is battery life but I have an extended battery and I have gained an additional 30% usage.  I don't recommend using a task manager. It will just eat your battery more.Android system takes care of the tasking for you. I have never used a task manager. I think if you give it a try NOT using it, you will have better battery use.  Having voice navigation free and not having to pay for VZ Navigator is awesome. I use it a lot and it is a great app, very accurate.  Coming from BB and having to pay for the navigation really made me happy to no longer have to pay.  All in all, I am really pleased and I highly recommend the Droid Incredible.  I am not an iphone fan and this device certainly beats it in my opinion.This device will not let you down.  I did upgrade the keyboard and I am loving the touch screen.  I can't see myself using a full qwerty. It was an easy transition .  Don't hesitate...........get this device.

If I buy this phone, can I take it into the store and have it activated?  Or does buying this phone off of here require me to sign a new plan?  My phone (EnV Touch) recently took a dive into my aquarium.  Any information is useful!

As the phone plans for Verizon are quite outrageous...this is currently the best phone I've had! It's fast, it has a beautiful display, the apps alone help justify the prices a little more, the possibilities with this phone seem endless. It truly is an INCREDIBLE phone. I was skeptical and was so set on getting an iPhone but now, I see no reason to. The Android systems are the same if not better. Why pay more for an iPhone just to get the same options!? Absolutely LOVE it!Con: if there are too many items running (just like a computer and any other smart phone) the battery doesn't last too long. Best to get a backup charger if you only have one.

I decided to switch from T-Moblie where I was happy with my old Samsung slider phone which was small, easy to use, great voice quality and great volume to the Droid Incredible on Verizon.  I've only had the phone less than 2 weeks but am ready to take it back (but I probably won't because of the expense involved.) This phone has some amazing capabilities as a hand-held computer - at least if you're in a darkened room. As mentioned by others, the GPS and camera and other "visual" features are useless in the sunlight and dangerous if you're driving. But if you can manage to use the impressive features beware - the battery drains quickly leaving you with a dead phone. Voice quality is sub par compared to my Samsung. I've had to ask callers to repeat themselves and have struggled at times to understand them, they seem to receive my voice loud and clear so the problem seems to be the speaker on the phone. I haven't gone out and bought a headset - one more expense but maybe that will help - (I've read that voice dialing won't work with a headset - not a great thing.)  The voice recognition is cool, but only works went it wants to . . . it doesn't appear to recognize names that are not mainstream. The keyboard can be frustrating...  why can't they have a settting similar to the appointments function for numbers and addresses????  If you're not used to it, it's easy to make lots of mistakes entering info.I have no opinion on the camera yet, except to ask why anyone would need 8 mgs on a point and shoot camera - it would have been better to actually be able to see your subject ....  maybe some kind of viewfinder can be added on???The learning curve is steep if you're not familiar with the Verizon system. No manual is included but I'm going to try to order one.  Why isn't one included in the box????The phone has died on me at least 3 times for no apparent reason.I'm not happy about having to buy a more powerful battery, a better headphone and maybe some sort of shield to block the sunlight so I can use it outdoors????  and to always keep it plugged in....  I'd read it had 6 days standby and 5.5 hr talk time - in what universe is that??? I was talked into a lot of accessories by the salesman which I may need to upgrade, the phone did not come with a memory card, so that was extra too. Additionally it took over 2 hours to activate my account at the Verizon store and there may be a struggle to obtain my "promised" discounts.Maybe in time it will grow on me and I'll forget what beautiful clear sound I used to have and I'll learn to live indoors and near a power supply.  Or maybe I'll just stop making phone calls ..  it's fun to surf the web and listen to music and play games......

Until the HTC Droid I'd remained in the world of steam-driven phones. But, eventually, even Luddites have to participate in the century they happen to live in so... not wanting to become part of the Great Cult of Apple I waited until there was an Android phone that was better than the ubiquitous iPhone. The HTC Droid fit the bill. Yes, it dances, it sings, it has GPS and Internet access. But... it's actually a pretty unreliable phone. Here are the two major issues I've encountered: one, the touchscreen is heat-sensitive. Which means, when you keep the phone in your pocket it heats up and so when you touch it... nothing happens. Because your finger-tip is the same temperature as the screen. So the phone is inoperable. Not very clever, really. Second issue is that when the phone "goes to sleep" and someone calls you, you can't actually answer the call. Oh yes, the correct screen appears but pressing "Answer" doesn't actually do anything. The phone continues to ring and ring until the person calling you gives up. Again, not very clever for something pretending to be a phone.So, the good news: nice screen, pretty graphics, all the stuff you'd expect from a 2010 phone but... not a very convincing phone. Roll on the next implementation, I suppose... sigh....UPDATE - a software patch that automatically downloaded and installed itself around December 2011 solved the problems noted above and basically turned the device into what is almost an entirely new (and functional) phone. Now I'm pretty happy with it except for all the useless apps that come as standard and which are impossible to remove unless you go to great lengths with root access. And if only it came with 1800 GPS and SIM card capability so that I could use it around the world and not just North America.

I like the phone too, but it is not Incredible!I've had mine for 3 days now and have used it a lot (6 charges worth)Cons: THE CAMERA SUCKS! It's fast and all but the Image Quality is horrible. I can't understand how all the reviewers are saying the camera is great. This has got to be the worst IQ that I've seen on an HTC phone. I think it may just be the jpg processing though. Also the auto focus is constantly 'off' and there is a relative blind spot between the 'normal' and 'macro' range from about 3 inches to 8 inches. Inside that area apps that use the camera are having trouble focusing (this is the 'bar-code' range.... Also not feeling the Video Quality (with lack of auto focus while recording and poor mic quality.Look at any web reviewers pics at full size, not the 50% scale usually posted, and you will see for yourself.Ok, now Call quality is on my crap-list too. I haven't dropped any calls but I do find myself saying 'What-did-you-say?) quite frequently. However it is not the worst call quality, my AT&T; phone dropped calls and sounded like crap!Of course the Battery...Also a few of the Widgets lose their settings from time to time (photos and mail). And if I save scenes with certain 'live wallpapers' then swap scenes it would cause the phone to reboot.On a positive note.... There are many, many things that I do love about this phone.... It is very fast and very smooth and it doesn't seem to get too hot. GPS is quick, wi-fi seems rock solid, screen is beautiful. Build quality doesn't feel bad, just doesn't give that 'high-end' feel. I love how the new Sense UI works....Most of the problems I've mentioned are (I think) fix-able with software updates. (I really think that camera's problem is jpg conversion, not the camera itself)

I really dig this phone. The widgets are cool and you can customize the phone the way you want. Be wary of the FaceBook widget as this does kill memory and battery life big time.Cons:1. Battery life sucks (I mean big time) A few minutes of play will take the battery down a bar. Seriously.2. I live in a strange place between two mountains where in this rare instance ATT is better then Verizon. I had to buy a booster box to enhance the signal. (This is a con for me personally not everyone)3. When I download a ringtone to a specific user, it is then hard to re-use for an alarm or another user. I haven't totally figured this out yet but it is far less intuitive then say the Palm Pre. You cannot set the ringtone from editing the user. It should let you browse to any ringtone, but it only brings up the ones that came with the phone.4. No Swype? Not sure why not..I tried installing it, no success.5. The weather widget in my area is rarely accurate. It always thinks I am in Beverly Hills when I am near Malibu.6. Couldn't sync up my yahoo account.Pros:1. Fast phone2. Once the interface is understood (takes some time), it is very powerful.3. Predictive text. Which is one of the reasons I left the Palm Pre. Also, I hated the Palm's keyboard.4. Good app catalog. Granted not as large as iPhone, but it is getting impressive.5. Google sky is awesome. Imagine this in an Astronomy class!6. once in a good zone, internet is quite fast.

I've had this phone since April 28th and I'm actually rewriting my original review using my HTC Incredible as my laptop's internet connection via EasyTether Lite (free).  I must say I'm really impressed with this phone.  It's super fast, good looking, and customizable.  It's a treat to finally have a great phone paired with a great network!Update September 1st 2010: I have the Froyo Update (Android 2.2 Operating System).  I personally manually installed it, but it seems that the Over The Air (OTA) Update from Verizon is finally making it out to the masses.  This update lagged some of the competition, but the HTC Droid Incredible is right back at number one in my book!This update has the following:Faster More Optimized Operating System (some specific tests show better than 300% improvements, i.e. Linpack)720p Video Camera Capture SupportedDual LED Flashlight3G Mobile Hotspot (there are added charges for using this new feature, I believe about $20/month)Various New Widgets and More!It's got 7 screens, which can be viewed individually or all at once.  I've got mine setup like this:1. Home/Main Screen - Weather and Top Used Apps (Last.fm, Skyfire, Gmail, Market, Mail, Mint, Flixster, Camera)2. Agenda3. Text Widget from HTC Sense4. Stock Widget from HTC Sense5. Favorite Contacts6. Power Widget and Empty Space7. FriendStream - HTC Sense seemlessly integrated Facebook/Twitter/FlickrI don't intend for this review to be the end-all of reviews, so I'll try not to cover things other people did already.Something others have mentioned and I've noticed as well is that battery life could be better.  This is the one thing I would change if I could, and I might just do that.  It comes stock with the 1300 mAh battery as you can see in the specs below, which just barely cuts it for me.  I'm strongly considering upgrading the the Seidio 1750 mAh slim battery which fits in the same space, and should yield about 30% more charge for somewhere around 40 bucks here on Amazon.I didn't notice you can drag your finger from the top of your screen to see ongoing applications, and current notifications.  Hopefully this helps someone else figure this out too!  Someone showed me this a couple days in, and it's very nice.  Basically this is a quick link to what's just happened on your phone.Another thing I didn't see in my brief look through reviews is a list of free apps to get you started with brief descriptions:Advanced Task Killer Free - Kill any application runningAndroidPoker - Texas Holdem Card Calculator AppAstro File Manager - Manage Files, Backup Applications, Install Applications from BackupBatteryTime Lite - Keep track of Battery Left, Battery TemperatureEasyTether Lite - Tethering App, free version does not access https sites, pay version doesEngadget - Tech Review Site ApplicationFlashlight - Simple help when you need itFring - Skype, Google Talk, AIM, Yahoo, Twitter, ICQ, SIP, and MSN Live Client (works on Wi-fi too unlike Skype's basic app)Google Goggles - Cool app for image based google searchesGoogle Sky Map - Star Gazer App, based on phone location and phone orientation, shows what stars and planets are out thereLast.fm - Depending on the day I like this streaming music app better than Pandora.Layar - Imagine Google Sky Map for restaurants, bars, etc.MaplePaint - Painting AppMint - A great application for tracking personal financesMovies/Flixster - Great movie app (theater and dvd) integrated with Netflix/Rotten Tomato, able to watch trailers instantlyMy Verizon - Helpful for tracking phone usagePandora - Streaming MusicScanner Radio - Police ScannerShazam - Figures out what song is playingSkyfire - Slick web browser (or maybe you prefer Opera)ShopSavvy - Barcode Scanner, Web and local price-checkerThe Weather Channel - A good alternative to the Sense Weather WidgetsGames I like (I'm a simple minded phone gamer, all free as well, no descriptions):Action PotatoAngry Birds - Now on Android!Bonsai BlastJewelsLabyrinth LiteThe 'Papi' Series - PapiCatch, PapiJump, PapiMissile, PapiPole, PapiRiverSuper TetrisTexas Holdem - Red Poker ClubToss ItNerdy Details:Size/Weight: 4.63 x 2.30 x 0.47 inches / 4.6 ouncesScreen: 480x800 3.7 inch AMOLEDProcessor: 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon (QSD8650) CDMA version of Nexus One Processor (QSD8250)Wi-fi: 802.11 b/g/n (I've clocked my phone on speed tests over 6 Mbps when connected to Comcast)microSD: 2 GB included / up to 32 GB supportedRadio: FM using headphone cable as antennaOperating System: Android 2.1 (Eclair) with HTC SenseCamera: 8 Megapixels with Dual LED FlashBluetooth: 2.1 with A2DP Stereo and EDRGPS: A-GPS (Assisted GPS, can be used for locating you during a 911 call, or more commonly navigation)Keyboard: Virtual OnlySpeech to Text: Basically can dictate texts, web addresses, and almost anywhere you can typeText to Speech: Google Navigation can speak directionsNetwork: Verizon!RAM: 512 MBROM: 768 MB / 512 MB for userInternal Storage: 8 GB moviNandBattery: 1300 mAh Lithium Ion (checkout Seidio 1750 mAh slim which fits in same space, if you need more power)Physical Buttons: Volume Control (up/down), Power/Lock (share same button), Optical Joystick (with click)Additional Sensors: Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen, Ambient Light Sensor, 3-axis accelerometer, Digital Compass, Proximity SensorAudio Out: 3.5 mm stereo audio jackUSB: micro-USB (charging and data)Audio file types supported: AAC, AMR0, OGG, M4A, MID, MP3, WAV, WMAVideo file types supported: 3GP, 3G2, MP4, WMVPlease rate my review up or down as you see fit!  Thank you!

The battery issue is not an issue at all as some raised. I have been using Incredible for weeks but as long as I connect it to the cable before I went to sleep every night, I have never had any battery issues. You might need to know how to save the battery life through changing the settings, though. You has a freedom to set your preference either to maximize performance or power savings. It is what you are obliged to to follow. It is what you can decide to choose. The OS has been upgraded to Froyo 2.2 on the day I got it. It was ultra smooth. I am getting lots of application software upgrades everyday. It is awesome. I have a couple of Kindles but Kindle on Android works great. I am finding lots of "freedom" in installing new applications and transferring files on Incredible. This is exactly what I would like to have. HTC's interface is very intuitive and one of my friends who has Nexus One told me that he loves the HTC's interface and the quality of the touch panel of Incredible is better than Nexus One. love the beauty of HTC's design and brand reputation. I thought about Samsung and LG before deciding, but in the end they are the very popular brand names in appliances such as washing machines and refrigerators, and I do not feel like to get  in love with a cool phone with the same brand of my father's fridge. Anyway, I am pretty happy to have this device and I love its sexy and beautiful looking and awesome capability to handle "freedom" of limitless applications. Highly recommend to anyone that was born to run free.

I had been looking to get a new smart phone for the last 4 months and heard about the future release of the incredible so I waited until it arrived at Verizon and I then took the plunge. The phones features are everything that was anticipated and then some.THE GOOD STUFF:I love the voice recognition, you can search for contacts, enter text for sms messages and email, and search for items on the web by pressing a single button and then talking into the microphone. The phone listens to your voice audio and converts it into text. The voice recognition is surprisingly accurate and I use this all the time (great time saver).The phone is infinitely customizable and allows you to tweak and change all sorts of settings. To a "techy" person this is great but this could be a bit of an nuisance to a less savvy user because there are a significant amount of menus and sub-menus to navigate through to find all the settings.Screen resolution is absolutely amazing (900x480) and even though it is slightly lower resolution than the new iphone 4g (which is 960x640) the incredible screen size is a bit larger which is more useful in my opinion.  Touch sensitivity is great, no problems entering text with the on screen keyboard.The 8 megapixel camera and  800x480 video capture work great too. the new iPhone will trump the video resolution of the incredible with a 720p capture at 30 frames per second, but the incredible camera will surpass the new iPhone by 3 megapixels.Pop email and gmail setup is a snap.. really easy. Love how the phone synchronizes with all of my google stuff like contacts, calendar etc. This is something that the iPhone wont have but the iPhone will offer an alternative via Apple's MobileMe service.The browser works great. Easy to use, intuitive and allows you to open multiple browser windows as well. Zooming in and out is easy with the pinch gestures.THE BAD:HTC really screwed up with putting a 1300mah battery in this phone as it is far too small causing absolutely horrible battery life.  Even when one turns off power hungry services like GPS, wifi, mobile data connection etc the battery life is pathetic.  Getting through 8 to 10 hours is a challenge even with minimal web surfing, texting and email checking.  The addition of another .1 or .2 inches of thickness (hardly noticable) would have allowed for a larger battery and acceptable battery life. This issue alone is probably going to cause me to return the phone as there is no point in turning off all the bells and whistles that you paid good money for, and even then the battery life is unacceptable.Another issue is the signal strength. The signal strength reported on the meter is almost always at 1 bar when all other phones (even on the same Verizon network) report two or three more bars. Not sure if this is just a stingy display issue or if this is a real issue. My calls don't seem to get dropped due to this, but if the phone thinks the signal is low it's going to use up more juice cranking up the data connection to compensate for the perceived signal strength.The phone also gets warm when in use. This shows that the phone is really gobbling up battery power (batteries get warm when being drawn from).Love the phone, love the functionality but HTC really missed some cell phone 101 design concepts with the pathetic battery life and signal strength issues.Will probably ditch the phone (i'm still in the 30 day grace period) and get the new iPhone as it is going to have a battery that is reported to be increased by 20+ % over prior iPhones.

These phones have a lot going on.  HTC has done a great job with the Incredible.  The phone is freakishly fast.  It's faster than my desktop.  The battery get's slammed a lot but if you consider the amount of work the processor is doing and how fast it is doing it, it is acceptable.  My girlfriend got the LG Ally so we could compare.  I chose to stay with the Incredible.  I gave up some battery for the faster speed.I thought I was going to need the separate keyboard but I am fast now on the screen tap.  That tech has come a long way.  My email is gmail so all that was seamless.  Switching back and forth from email accounts is faster with my phone than my laptop.The camera is fine.  It has a harder time taking good pictures than my purpose built camera.  It has trouble with light sometimes.  Some pictures are perfect.  Video seems fine.  Being able to instantly send pix and vids via email or text is priceless.One thing I don't like about the Android phones is the unbelievable lack of control.  You can't stop apps from starting up when they want to.  Apps that are built in, you can't remoove.  I've learned to closely monitor parts of the phone.  I leave the location function off so the apps don't send out my location.  I turn off the web when I'm not using it so the phone doesn't continually update apps.  I use app killer to shut down apps that start themselves.Skype is useless to me because Verizon does not allow its use with wifi.  What??  That's how I use it in other countries.With everything off, the battery is good for a couple of days.  If I am using the internet heavily, it is good for a few hours.  It's not a problem because I have a 110v usb charger for the house or when I'm near a computer and a 12v for the car.  I went ahead and bought a larger battery. It is slightly bigger but fits in the same case.  It came with it's own charger.  I'm covered.

After being locked in the Blackberry prison cell for 3 years I can finally say I own the best phone on the market.  So fast, apps are great, GUI is best bar none, and Verizon doesn't have a vise grip on your cojones like apple does.  Hope the new HTC 4g sprint phone and new iPhone aren't better!

I really wanted to like my Droid Incredible, but it's turned out to be a piece of junk that isn't ready to support customers switching over from Apple, Blackberry or even Palm.  I don't value Gmail, yet Google's Android operating system relies on Gmail to synchronize contacts and calendars.  The interface for Outlook users only supports part of that program's functions, and then not very well.  If you've used Outlook for years and rely on it for business, stay away from Android unless your willing to convert to apps inferior to Microsoft Outlook.  HTC also told me it doesn't support versions of Outlook more recent than 2003.  That's either incompetent, irresponsible or both.The native email program drops emails regularly.  I've seen them disappear from the screen right in front of my eyes, never to be found again, despite setting the instruction to save a copy on the server.  Asking clients to resend emails is embarrassing.  If you have more than one email account, you'll need to poll each one separately to check mail because the native email app only recognizes one account at a time.  Otherwise, you'll need to go searching for an app that monitors all your accounts.  Having an app store is a poor excuse for designing a product badly and letting other developers overcome the problems Google failed to solve when they released Android.  Google is as evil as Microsoft ever was with its reputation for releasing products that needed patching and several updates for years before most of the bugs were worked out.If you want to play around with 3G, spend time trying to find (and pay for!) apps that do what you thought a smart phone was supposed to do out of the box, a droid phone is your baby.  If you are a business customer who depends on a reliable device that supports your work and doesn't distract you by requiring multiple calls to tech support, removing the battery frequently to perform soft resets when the device fails to synchronize, then stay with Blackberry, Palm or Apple.  HTC and Google deserve two black eyes for releasing this device that's more Not Credible than Incredible.HTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)

The Incredible certainly has great features. I see the two key selling points vs. the iPhone are free turn-by-turn navigation and the ability to function as a mobile hotspot... great for my wifi-only iPad! Also, I was impressed by the performance, customizability, and selection of apps.But... I just returned the phone because the battery life was horrible. With the extended battery, I was getting 5-7 hours. I found myself worrying throughout the day about where my battery stands and maybe I'm using the phone too much. The task killers, turning off features, uninstalling apps all had little impact. I'll reconsider when the phone solves bigger problems for me than it creates.

The phone seemed great for the first few months I had it.  After that, I started getting the dreaded storage low messages.  It also simply reboots itself sometimes when it's being used with one of heavier apps.  Angry bird or Sirius/XM radio will cause it to just reboot all by itself.  It just stops working, goes black, then starts booting - all right in the middle of playing a game or listen to Sirius/XM.  With the ongoing problems and the complete lack of support from HTC and Verizon, this will be absolutely the LAST HTC product I ever own.  I'm a consulting engineer & I can tell you that I now advise all of my clients to stay far away from HTC products.  This is sad since the Incredible started of as such a great phone.  I only gave it one star because the system would not allow me to give it zero stars.

This phone has it all. It has an amazing app store and a great camera and video even tho it isnt 720p. To add more the phone has android 2.1 and is really great on this phone. Its battery life is ok but could be better all u gotta do is close ur apps. Its processor is fast and good enough for my needs. The screen is responsive even the bottom 4 buttons. The screen has a good resolution and good contrast which makes it look nice.

This is my first Droid phone and I am now a fan.  I previously owned an iPhone 3g.  I changed providers due to poor reception and dropped calls with AT&T.;  The HTC Incredible is very fast and reception is great.  At times the signal strength shows only 1 or 2 bars, yet I have had no call problems and web browsing is very quick.  I have yet to drop a call (a daily occurrence on the iPhone)HTC sense is fantastic software.  Voice to text is also excellent.  The phone is sleek and similar in size to the new iPhone 4. I carry the phone in my pocket and it fits well even with a case.While the phone experience is indeed incredible I cannot say the same for the battery life.  With moderate use I can make it through the day but with heavy use I require a charge.  I recently purchased the slim Seidio 1750 mAH battery and so far it seems to have helped make it through the day on one charge with heavy use.The Android app store is growing but it still cannot hold a candle to that of the iPhone.  I hope that soon changes.While the battery life and app store are not best in class I still believe I have found my new favorite phone.

Phone generally worked reasonably well - clumsy and kind of buggy, but reasonably well - but then this morning it quit downloading emails from my server.  Spent time on the phone with Verizon customer service and then they gave up and sent me to a store but no one can figure it out.  I'll probably have to exchange it.  Very disappointing.  It took longer to get the phone than the time it worked properly....  Who needs the hassle?

I chose this phone when I switched to Verizon.  I did have a iPhone.  My service is much better but I find the phone more difficult to use.  The instructions that come with the phone are of no use so I downloaded the PDF file to read.  After spending a lot of time reading it I still had to go to the Verizon store to find out how to do what was very easy to do on my iPhone.  The battery life is not very good but acceptable.  I guess I will get use to it in a few more weeks.

Short summary:Elementary battery for a graduate phone, but that won't stop me.Long long review:Let me start off by saying I like my phone. It's my second favorite of all time besides my Motorola Music Q from a few years back. I wanted to keep the phone for a week so I wouldn't be too young when I spoke about the battery. I read a lot of reviews and it was scary waiting on my phone to see how it would make it through the day.For those of you torn between getting this phone and getting something with better battery life, good luck. Many Droid phones suffer from this complex. However, my HTC isn't bad. Longest charge held over the first week, 24 hours with medium usage, shortest 17 with heavy usage.I'm not a "texter" or talker. I get phones strictly based on Internet capability. So, when I say heavy usage, I mean playing Angry Birds, NinJump, browsing the Internet, downloading apps, and reading random facts/Yo Momma Jokes with my fiance. Yes, we did all that for around 5 hours.The phone is fun. I don't really use it while at work so my phone idles from 11pm - 9am, and 1pm until 5:30pm for long periods of time. I get to work, browse the Internet, check emails, briefly look at Facebook, and visit my class website (watch a few Youtube links from the website). I do that between 9am and 9:30am & 11:30am - 1pm off and on. Then, for another 30 minutes to an hour I use some of the funnier apps to waste time until I'm off. At home, I rarely use my phone. My fiance may play NinJump or Ninja Rush.At work, I charge my phone for however long it takes to charge (1 or 2 hours) while its off. Yes, I turn my phone off to charge. I know, it's blasphemy for most of you, but no electronic will continue working at its maximum ability if you leave it on 24/7. I heard about the bad battery and this is my solution. It works for me.If you text constantly, talk regularly, and use the Internet (very heavy user), expect 12 - 15 hours on the phone or less (not more). It will not make it through the day... period.Solutions? Everyone talks about external batteries, no. Those have horrid reviews also and estimated to give you a full days charge. They bulk up your phone so much that Outterbox and other protectors can't fit over them. (The phone is really small already so it won't get too big, but most don't like it). Invest in an extra battery so you'll never have to worry about charging the phone. Charge the batteries externally. Problem solved. It won't matter what your usage is, the phone won't burn out before an external battery is charged. I may get one in a few moons, but I really don't need it and I want my phone to be off occasionally.That was the battery review, long, I know. How's about the freakin' phone? Perfect for a big kid like myself. I've got my iTunes inventory, apps for nothing other than making people laugh, and the Internet (which slightly sucks because I'm in Oakland Hills with little to no service during work, but it's great in El Cerrito).

I've had the DINC for six months now. It's my first smartphone and I put a lot of research into it. I'm confident that it was the best phone on the market at the time I got it (obviously, it's outdated already but that's just the way of it). I love the phone. I don't like the huge tablet-esque screen sizes on phones these days so I love the size of this phone. It's small but the screen resolution still looks great. I don't care for the default application launcher on it so I'd recommend you download Launcher Pro or GO Launcher as a faster, more useful replacement.The major downside is that with such a zippy processor, it goes through battery like it's going out of style. For a while I was only getting 12 hours of charge under moderate use (messaging, email, etc.), even with data use cut way back. My solution: root the phone and install Cyanogen Mod 7. It bumped my battery life up 6 hours without having to but a bulky replacement battery for $60. SetCPU has also helped some with battery life, but not as drastically as CM7. Rooting voids your warranty but I think it's worth it to make the phone more usable. I'd still recommend carrying a charger around with you so you never get caught with a dead phone though.On that note, this phone is incredibly easy to root using Unrevoked. And Cyanogen Mod 7 is easy to install as well. I tend to mod and tweak everything I own and this phone lends itself to that very well.TL;DR: I would absolutely buy this phone again, just wish the battery life was longer. But fixed that with a custom ROM called Cyanogen Mod 7.

Basically, if you can live without a keyboard, this is the best android out there.  2.1 OS with the HTC Sense UI.  It is an experience that I would call good.If you used the Motorolla Droid (Milestone) you have an idea of what you get here.  Really slick interface, lots of fun apps, integrated navigation, the list is endless.Specs:-a 1GHZ processor, I think it is downclocked to around 700 MHZ but there is no slowing or wait time like you get from the Hero.- built in 8 GB flash storage.  Also ships with a 2GB card.  Annoying that you can't install apps onto this 8GB space, but it works fine for videos and music.- half a gig of ROM and RAM.  All you really need for speed and applications.-800x480 AMOLED capacitive touch screen 3.7".  This comes out as twice the resolution of the iPhone.  Same screen as the Motorola one and same resolution as the EVO coming to sprint in a bit.-8 Mpx camera with 480p video recording, dual flash.  Better than many cameras out there, minus the optical zoom.-Video out via an HDMI propriatary connector.The OS itself is amazing.  Last night I installed my SNES emulator and was rocking some old games.  Deposited a check to my bank using the camera scan function (this depends on your bank).  Scanned a barcode on a store and did a price comparison, then had a map drawn to the best place close by.  Took a picture of a book cover and found it online.  Really amazing stuff.  With open development, you get great apps that are not pulled just because any company doesn't like the competiton (i.e. Google Voice on the iPhone).  The store may be lacking right now, but I found everything I wanted.  Tethering applications, apps to track hiking progress, fist bump for some crazy reason, all of it great.HTC did some nice stuff here with the UI, the addition of some on screen buttons to turn bluetooth and WiFi on and off rather than scrolling through menus.  That lovely weather and clock on the main page, and 7 home screens (if I recall the Droid only had 3 or 4).  I also noticed that the built in browser supports pinch zoon unlike the Motorola one.  No need for Dolphin browser for me now.Engadget had an amazing review on this, and I agree with their thoughts for the most part.  This is the best android OS phone on the market today.  It is so good that Google has decided not to release the Nexus one to Verizon.  If you can live without a keyboard (I havent decided on that yet) then this is the phone for you.I give 4 of 5 for the hardrive flash install issue and some other strangeness.  Having to rip the phone in half to get to me SD card is scary.  Seroiusly, you don't slide the back plate off, you rip the phone in half.  I didn't like this and I hope not to do it often.  No landscape keyboard in some places is annoying.  Messaging and internet stuff you get it, but entering contacts was a chore with the upright keys.  I see great things for this phone, need to check out the video out function, but this looks like the big open source phone that I have been waiting for.

Well I must say that this phone is truly incredible I saw the advertisement for this phone and finally decided to buy it. The phone is awesome and can do a lot. Everyone keeps comparing it to the i phone but it can't compete.I have a co worker that owns a i phone and its nothing like the htc incredible the phone is fast and,have  thousands of apps, and a very nice camera, sounds great and I love the ringers.The wall papers on this phone is nice to. this phone is a great phone to own and use. The only problem is the battery life is not good you need to order an extended battery because it really makes a difference.

last year, i finally upgraded to a smartphone with my new every two. at that time, the htc incredible was all the rage. it was supposedly out of stock for weeks on end. i went ahead and put my order in on the verizon site. there was a short wait, but i was happy that i got the phone sooner than the news sites said i would. i have been using the incredible for almost a year now. i'm very happy that people still consider it one of the best phones out on the market. isn't that a good feeling? i think it is. i feel like i made a good choice when i bought this phone.it's been an exciting year with my htc incredible. i've used it to capture so many pictures and videos of my infant/toddler son, my dog, my friends' doing taekwondo, my friends' skateboaridng, my friends' snowboarding. i'm glad i can take this phone everywhere. after all, it's an android phone with a big enough display but still fits in my pocket. i can't fit those one of those 5" tablet phones in the pocket of my slim jeans while skateboarding, you know. the video and camera are great even if they aren't up to par with high end dslrs. the gps feature has me a little addicted. i try not to use it everywhere i go, but the connectivity to google navigation is just too easy.obviously, the most important feature is the android os and its apps.  i don't know why we started calling software programs apps, do you?  facebook, gmail, mint, yelp, runkeeper, gasbuddy, youtube, opentable, qik, key ring, ski report, groupon, dropbox, pandora, shazam, foursquare, latitude, wordpress... these all rock.  i love that android works so seamlessly with googles online products.  gmail and google calendar are great.  they need to have apps for notebook and tasks though.  in the past, i was a palm user, so i want my android phone to do all the things my old palm pdas did.  i picked android over ios because google is a good company, and the andorid marketplace has a good variety of apps.  however, i still want to buy an ipad or ipod touch because ios has so many more dj apps, and i'm a dj.this phone is only available as "the incredible" on verizon.  verizon has the best, most reliable service; but you have to put up a with a few things: the expensive plans and their crappy software.  i mean, i'm glad we're now using android, so the software on these phones are a little more standardised than when i use using dumb phones with the even more dumbed down software that verizon would ship them with.  however, it's annoying that verizon still pushes their vz navigator onto these smartphones. i used to subscribe to vz navigator.  actually, it's not a bad program.  it actually does have a few advantages over google navigation.  however, for the price, vz navigator is not worth it.  i'd rather just use google navigation.after a few months of using the incredible, i actually broke the touchscreen.  i was jogging with my son, and the phone fell out of the cupholder of our jogging stroller.  the phone landed on a corner and the touchscreen shattered.  it still worked though.  i used it for months and months with a cracked screen.  then i finally got it fixed, but the new touchscreen was a dud with some dead pixels about a .25 inch below the top: a bad place.  now i can't type the letter "w" with the full keyboard and am thus stuck with using the compact keyboard for the most part.  *sigh*  anyway, i figure i'll probably get a new phone when my next new every two comes up, so i'm not bothering to fix the screen a second time.  another problem is that the phone once totally died on me.  it had this stupid application diskspace capacity error.  it's a known issue.  it eventually totally killed my phone, so i basically had to do a hard reset and clear everything off my phone and start almost from scratch.  i'm just glad that the phone takes your contacts from gmail, facebook, twitter, etc. and also uses the verizon backup service (backup assistant).  okay, that's another good thing about verizon, i guess.so... i'm glad i got the incredible.  i'm sure i'll use it for at least another year.  i'm glad i tested out htc.  they're a good company.  at the same time, i might want to try out a samsung next time.  we'll see.

I got my phone the day after it came out and it was amazing. Great battery life, and it was fast at everything and very easy to use. Then I got the first update sent to my phone and it was all down hill from there. The phone constantly froze up on me, the battery died within a few hours (even with the task killer ap installed), my pictures and videos were deleted, and I had to take it to Verizon around my 4th month of usage. They replaced my NEW phone with a used refurbished phone that had the same problems. They keep trying to trouble shoot it and nothing has helped. I guess I'll have to go back and get another non working refurbished phone.I think i'm going back to Samsung.

I became eligible for a new phone under Verizon's "New Every 2" plan a few days before the Incredible came out. I was torn between the Motorola Droid and the HTC Incredible, mostly because I prefer physical QWERTY keyboards and didn't know how well I'd adapt to texting or emailing without one. However, some other perks made the Incredible more attractive, those being:1: The faster Snapdragon processor. My experience playing with the Motorola Droid was limited, but this certainly seems faster & more responsive.2: The better camera. 8MP over the Motorola's 5.3: The built-in memory. I have a very long commute and got used to having a 160GB mp3 player handy, using it for music or video while surfing the net on my motoQ (lest it need to be said, I'm not driving). Now that the battery on that bad boy is getting weaker and weaker, I was looking forward to having one device to handle instead of 2, but I really miss having a ridiculous amount of entertainment options at my disposal (plus extra storage to boot). While I'm still waiting on a 32GB microSD card, having a 16GB card PLUS the 8GB that comes built in to the Incredible won out over the piddling amount of built-in memory the Motorola Droid has.4: The built-in FM Radio receiver. Why FM radio? Because a Droid with a built-in 8-track player would be just too damn big. But seriously, ladies and germs, without going into too much potentially grisly detail, if there happened to be some sort of catastrophe - natural OR manmade - the sort of thing that knocks out cell service, and I was on foot with no access to a wifi signal, I wanted that one additional option to potentially get information I may need. I may never actually use the radio, but it adds a small measure of comfort knowing it's there.As far as the phone itself, I've only had it for a few days, and haven't explored all the bells and whistles it has. Nor have I gone too crazy downloading apps. But I'm a convert. The clarity on the phone is amazing, and using it as a media player as often as I do, I'm struck by the audio quality, even just using bare-bones Sony in-ear phones (the earphones with a built-in mic as part of an Incredible after-market package leave a lot to be desired, however). The difference between surfing the internet now and when I had the Q is akin to the difference I noticed when I dropped dial-up service for a cable modem on my home computer. It's that drastically better. The phone came delivered with a bonus 2GB card and USB card reader, and I thought the reader would get a lot of use transferring files from my Powerbook (I could never get the memory of the Q to mount on my Powerbook, not sure it was ever supposed to be able to do it). But the Incredible opens up on my Powerbook just fine, as 2 different storage devices (built-in and memory card).  Pictures look amazing, instant uploading is easy, it's exactly as good as the reviews I've read and seen made it out to be. Biggest negative (currently the only negative) is the battery life, and will be swapping it out for an extended life battery soon. To be fair, I've used it a lot for internet and watching video, and for someone who's mainly using it to talk on the phone, with the screen not being a factor, your battery life will probably be better. And the standard battery on my Moto Q was awful, too, so I'm used to having to get a better battery. If I could only take a half-star off a review, I would.The HTC Droid Incredible is a really good phone, and couldn't recommend it more highly.(And I've become much more adapt at typing without a physical keyboard. Damn thing seems to get better at knowing what keys I'm trying to type with my stubby digits, rather than the keys I'm probably tapping)

I used to have Verizon Navigator on my old phone. I just bought the HTC Droid Incredible. I miss my Verizon Navigator. It is unavailble on the Droid Incredible. HTC decided to go with the Google Navigator (free), but there is no Syncing addresses from your online Google search to your phone. Unlike the VZ Navigator. There is no "recent" or "favorite" addresses. You have to use your contacts to store your addreses. Or do a voice search for the business or venue. But, once on the road it works great. The street view was excellent and turn by turn was competent. Text to voice turn by turn directions sounds like a droid robot but gets the job done. Once the address is dialed in its great. But thank God its still beta becuase the user interface needs some serious work. I didnt want get the Droid X because of its size but you don't get the VZ Navigator on this phone. Rather than that the phone is amazing. Its a battery hog, but from other reviews you already realize that. Also i have Wifi and with my Iphone Touch I get full signal bars in my house. But with the Droid Incredible as soon as I leave the room where my wireless router is I lose signal bars. I didn't notice any lag with downloading on Wifi but I thought it should be noted. Finally, its a good phone. And I love the HTC user interface. But in time with some upgrades and tweeks it could be a great phone!!

I love this phone!  It has a wicked fast processor, a great camera and best of all, it's on Verizon!  No AT&T coverage issues or abysmal customer service to deal with.  The Android app store is a bit quirky.  Many apps have nearly incomprehensible descriptions and/or are priced in foreign currencies.  Also, you have to use Google checkout, which some people don't like but it works well and isn't much of a problem if you already have an account as I do.  The only other issue I have found is that most accessories that are marketed for this phone were really designed for iPhone and don't work properly with this phone.  Hopefully, this situation will improve after the product has been on the market for some time.

I won't repeat the raves that everyone else has given this phone, but it does everything my BB Storm did only better and faster. Plus I don't have to keep running my task killer to free up memory. (Wake up BB, you need to allow your apps to run on the storage card or increase your on-board memory).I would have given this phone 5 stars except for the battery life.  This would be my only complaint. I've had it four days now and have been careful to run the phone through cycles in order to build up the battery life.  I finally decided to opt for the extended battery and a separate charger both from Seidio.  I've read the comments re: the above battery so I don't expect to significantly increase the amount of time between charges but any improvement would be welcome.I've heard rumors that the Froyo op sys will address the battery life but then I only believe about 1/3rd of what I read on the internet. (Present company excluded).I was lucky enough to find this phone in a Best Buy (I know) when everyone else was sold out.  I drove through was the closest thing we in Pennsylvania have to a tropical storm, four inches of water running down the street, lightning striking all around me and power outages extending for blocks, simply to get this phone.It was worth every minute!

I have held off on buying a Smartphone for Verizon wireless for a few years now.  They just didn't have anything close to the iPhone.  There were a lot of "wannabes"; even the LG Dare was once thought to be the next iPhone killer, ha-ha.Having said that, I think the HTC Droid Incredible is the best smart phone you can buy for Verizon.The Droid Incredible is very advanced and does amazing things.  For instance, it can scan barcodes and turn a taken photo of a business card into a contact.  Also, it has Google maps, which I can't wait to use.  Live backgrounds are amazing as well. This is a very nice alternative to the iPhone and I'm happy I got it.I use to hate the keyboard and it was also confusing getting all the settings adjusted to my specifications. Fortunately now I have adjusted to be okay with the keyboard.  Also, I fixed all the settings to my liking.This phone is 'finicky' sometimes.  Today, for instance, the buttons were pressing on there own.  I had to take out the battery in order for it to stop, as powering it down didn't work.  It also didn't get reception in the back of a department store I was in, something I never noticed on my previous phone.(lg dare)

The battery life could definitely be better.  However, its not horrible.  I get between 30-36 hours of total awake time.  That includes over six hours of moderate use.  Its true that some apps, and programs suck more juice, but that should be common sense.  If you learn what apps and programs to turn off this phone gets good battery life for a smartphone.  But thats just it.  Its not a smartphone per se.  Its more of a computer.  Think about it.  A 1 ghz processor is what the Ipad has.  512 mb of RAM and ROM is what an average PC has these days.  And an 8 megapixel camera!??  Unheard of for these phones (not to mention dual LED flash).As for signal strength is the same as my other verizon phones. The issue is that the bars don't match up with your true strength.  They are usually one sometimes two steps off.  But I've never had a dropped call and I get VERY poor reception at home 90-100 db.Overall this phone is amazing!  My iphone friends were truly amazed by its capabilities.  Please if you are thinking about getting a new phone from Verizon DO NOT HESITATE.UPDATE I am now getting 36 hours plus of battery life per charge.

Pros:The Droid Incredible is a high end phone by HTC. The Processor is responsive and it has a lot of RAM. The Sound is the best that I've heard on a Smart Phone (and I've owned several). I haven't had many hiccups while gaming or running applications. It's light and somewhat resembles the Iphone.Cons:The Battery Life on this phone is absolutely horrible. It will last around 2 hours of constant use and drains quickly on standby (sometimes I worry that it will be dead in the morning if I don't leave it on the charger). The Screen is very prone to getting scratched. It picked up a lot of little scuffs from just being in my pocket by itself. I've treated it the same way that I treated my iPhone and I never found a mark on my iPhone. The Camera is really bad as well. You'll push the button to take a picture and there is a significant delay before it actually takes the picture. This makes getting the perfect shot very difficult. The Video is very average and does not live up to its specifications. This phone also comes with a lot of bloatware that cannot be removed without rooting (hacking) the phone. Overall this bloatware is constantly running in the background and significantly stunts the powerful processor.Conclusion:If you buy this phone, be prepared to purchase Screen Protectors for it. The screen WILL get scratched if you do use them. I also would not recommend this phone to someone who is not prepared to root it in order to remove all the bloatware. You honestly get about half performance if you leave all the extra stuff running in the background. For the money, there are better phones available.

I've had the Incredible for about a month and a half now and love this phone.  It took awhile though.  It's my first smart phone.  Using the phone is intuitive straight out of the box, but figuring out all you can do with this phone and the apps took me about a month.  I can't believe all the things I can do with this phone.  Music, GPS, Calendar, to do lists, Internet, read a book, games, take great pictures, text,Google Voice, the list goes on and on.  The phone is fast and easily customizable to just about any user.  Not sure how it compares to most other smart phones since I have not owned any, but I can say this is one incredible phone.

I like it quite a bit. Much snazzier than my roommates iPhones and I've almost got both of them interested in getting one once their contracts with ATT are up. Nothing beats listening to Pandora in the car with Google turn-by-turn navigation making sure I don't get lost. GPS + cardio apps make running actually a fun thing. Multi-tasking, backgrounds, not locked into proprietary Apple crap like iTunes, Skype mobile so I can talk to my friends in Spain while I'm not near a computer... While there are some really good apps that the iPhone has that Android doesn't yet have, the Incredible has functionality that the iPhone does not.

Super customizable... plenty of 3rd party support and development (XDA-Developers). I rarely use my home computer anymore, I can do everything I want on my phone.

Switched from iPhone 3g last week and now I'm wishing I got the iPhone 4.  The Android OS is not as refined as the iOS.  If you've never owned an iPhone before this is probably a huge step up but for those of you who have this feels like a step down.  Many other reviews compare this to the iPhone 3g and 3gs, which are very similar to the Incredible but it doesn't quite compare to the iPhone 4.Pros:-Much faster than the iPhone 3g, as fast as the iPhone 3gs-Google Maps and Turn by Turn Navigation are fantastic-Multitasking-Great camera-Widgets-Over the air syncing with Google Mail and Calendar works well-Uses Verizon network - no more dropped calls with AT&T;-Android Market has most of the big name apps the App Store does so you won't miss too much-Sync contacts with Facebook-Voice to Text is amazing (just started using it after owning it for a couple of weeks)Cons:-Verizon includes adware that can't be removed, prompts you several times to buy!  One of these apps is CityId which tells you what city & state a phone number is from.  This is included with the iPhone but you must pay for it on the Incredible.-Have to pay $3/mo for visual voicemail, its included with the iPhone-Battery life is extremely poor, it burns through battery even when there is nothing running, so much so I think it may be defective.-Doesn't have OLED screen, its near impossible to read in direct sunlight.-No backup utility included, you must purchase one.-Android apps have crashed a few times already-No voice dialing over Bluetooth-No external button to turn off ringer-Can't turn off Haptic feedback (vibrates when you touch a button) when in Vibrate only mode.  It would be nice to setup your own Sound/Ringer profiles.-Facebook app has fewer features than the iPhone version-Fewer accessories than the iPhone, but still enough to get by-Waiting for the Android 2.2 update which has already been released but not for the HTC Incredible, current estimates are by Christmas.Email Issues:-Cannot fully zoom out when viewing an email, must constantly scroll left to right.-Won't display messages sent from outlook 2003 (which is what my company uses).-Doesn't sync with yahoo contacts and poor syncing with yahoo mail (the email app from yahoo is incomplete, there is no copy & paste).  Would really not recommend this phone if using yahoo mail.The HTC Incredible is a great phone but just isn't as nice as the iPhone 4.  Would have given it 2 1/2 stars if I could.  Other than the screen (which looks great but is unreadable in sunlight) all of these issues are with the software.  Hopefully over the year or so there will be some updates to address them.  My suggestion is either to wait and see what updates come or buy an iPhone.

The only negative thing I can say about this phone is the stock battery is fairly weak. Other than that its just about the handiest thing I have ever bought. Everything works well, touchscreen is just right even with a plastic protector sheet on it. The speakerphone is very good- it picks up everything though so think about where you are using it; if you can hear it, this phone hears it too and sends it over the airwaves (Make sure you press End Call to avoid embarassing situations!). Speed is pretty good too, I can watch youtube and some video but it tends to get choppy if I am moving around a lot or if I am in a car. As far as toughness goes, I just slide it in my pocket and go about my day in the powerplant I work in. It seems to handle my climbing, leaning on things and all the other abuse I put it through. For phone reception I would say its really good too, there are areas where my old phone would get really choppy, this phone just doesn't even get phased by it. If it shipped with a better battery it would get a 5 star easily!

The Droid Incredible by HTC is extremely similar to the new Apple iPhone 4, in terms of size, performance, camera, and having several of the same apps available on both phones. There are certainly a few differences that can be argued to the end of time, but the key difference are that this is a Google Android phone used on Verizon Wireless. I have a lot of people ask me if I'm carrying an iPhone or an Android phone.Operation: The phone works great and is extremely functional and easy to learn to use right out of the box. You just have to play around with it a little bit to get everything figured out. However with a fast-growing availability of apps, the ability to add widgets, shortcuts, and live wallpapers, and the fact that you can swap out the battery and memory SD cards, this phone becomes extremely customizable to however you like it setup. The virtual keyboard really isn't that hard to use as you get used to it.Form Factor: This is a huge plus for me. This phone is extremely thin, and fits perfectly in both my hand and my pocket. Sound quality is excellent both from the ear piece and the back loud speaker. The back cover snaps of very easily for access to the battery and SD card. The glass on the front appears very durable although i still use a screen protector, just in case. The phone is very snappy and reliable, partly in thanks to Verizon.The main con is that the battery is not going to last for days like it did on my flip-phone, before I decided I needed a smart phone for work, social, and play. Lower battery life seems to be rather common for smartphones. It's not a problem for me, as I keep the phone charging whenever I am in my car or at my desk.

There are a few flaws with the phone right now concerning battery life, but they all have work arounds...-Battery Life: there is a glitch with charging the phone to full capacity. But there is a work around. Once it's fully charge (green light), turn phone off(you will get red light), plug-in while off until light turns green again.-HTC Calendar app: will keep phone awake not letting it sleep, draining battery. Solution: Kill the calendar app with task killer when phone first turns on. Then you will be ok to leave it running afterward.-Flickr Sync: is known to drain the battery (not let it sleep). Remove flickr sync from the Accounts and Sync setting menu, and this will solve the problem.-I also had very bad call quality that would kind of come and go with each call. it sounded like there was an over active noise gate on the calls. I did a "hard reset" aka factory reset and this solved the problem, and also seemed to help with battery issues. I would recommend that you do a full factory reset yourself before you start customizing and download any apps.I have yet to scratch this screen, but i baby it.There is only one piece of crap-ware that is uninstallable: City ID. Not a big deal, doesn't get in the way or drain resources. Boo on Verizon for squeezing this in.HTC sense is nice. I find the giant clock to be silly, but you can remove that. It's a widget.Definitely look into Google Voice, best addition of any android phone.

If your looking for a screen protector and dont want to buy one of those expensive two packs... use one from a PSP game device.  It fits perfectly, no cutting.  It'll cover the entire screen edge to edge and extend down just past the fixed home keys.  Perfect!

after spending a long time considering and reviewing, I finally decided to give this a try.it's a hit or miss experience. mine is awful! no matter how many people help me to set up my e-mail with one of at&t; ISP, it still won't bring out my e-mail. the touch keypad didn't respond to voice message pin, after had it for less than 24 hrs, i couldn't remember how many times i was told to take the battery out. you know eventually if you have to keep the phone for 2 yrs before upgrade it's going to take a toll on the OS by doing so. i finally gave up. it's not for everybody. good luck if your life depends on it!

I can't use writing to describe how good of this phone, even my friends and family impress! EVEN some of them are using iPhone, they are so amazed how INCREDITBLE is! I am currently living in NY, so I have no such of calling problems, sound problem, etc. may be only people living in the may have problem. Just like no one like T-moble in NY. Since they have those problems here.

What's never been covered in reviews is the awesome built-in speaker of the Incredible.  It's loud, crisp and acurate. I'm not suggesting that the built-in speaker replaces an external speaker.  But if you're like me, and you tend to play music at random moments, the Incredible is the way to go. For music via Bluetooth, connect the Incredible to the BlueAnt M1 speaker.Regarding the 2.2 upgrade, I've gained 5x in processing speed (Linpack) and my battery life has almost tripled. I suspect that the upgrade made the Android OS more efficient, thus the faster bench mark and better battery life.

While I really like the support Verizon provides, this phone is a major pain in the ass due to its very active battery use.  As purchased, it had around 3 hours of active use, and when I installed the extended battery this went up to 7 hours.  You can't travel anywhere without a charger, and afternoon conference calls from the road are dicey at best.My recommendation is to wait for a Droid with better battery life!

I'm a Financial Planner and I'm out of the office frequently.  I needed a device that would be able to access all my cloud-based applications (hosted exchange, some other web-based items) seamlessly.  This phone does that easily.I like the Verizon network, and was going to wait for the iPhone to come to Verizon.  I can honestly say the Incredible has met or exceeded every expectation I've had for the phone.  I've used other peoples' iPhones as well, and this phone is every bit as good.  If you're holding off on buying this phone because you're waiting for the iPhone, don't waste your time.  Get this phone.Pros:Beautiful screen.  PLENTY of apps in the Android Marketplace.  Plays Flash videos (iPhone doesn't).  Good speaker phone.  Fits well in the hand, good dimensions.  Good camera.  Lightning fast (faster than my laptop, but that's 6 years old).  Overall, a very good device.Cons:Battery life could be better, but it's not killing me.  I can use it all day, but need to charge it EVERY night without exception.Good device.  Should have bought it sooner.

This is a very good smartphone.  This is my 5th smartphone and I've had 3 different iPhones.  This phone is very fast, has a decent camera and can meet all my needs.  I am not thrilled about syncing all my stuff through gmail, but so far so good.  The battery life is as bad as reported and yes, I know smartphones use them up.  I've acclimated pretty quickly as to how to use it and not deplete the battery too fast.  If you use the navigation app, surf the web and use Pandora at the same time, you'll burn it out in under 3 hours, but once you know this, you use what you need when you need it.  I can get through a moderate day with a full night charge and then one mid-day charge and I'm okay with that.  Speaking of the navigation, just wow.  Free turn by turn navigation.  I am also syncing my music with iTunes.  Didn't know you could do that.I had to move from my iPhone 4 and AT&T; to Verizon for work and I thought it would stink, but I was wrong.  I like to tinker and Android suits that just fine.  And Verizon customer service is very good as well.  Overall, for a free smartphone, I am extremely satisfied.  And very surprised.  I went through Amazon Wireless and spoke to them before purchase.  Everything they said happened.  I was able to buy the phone through Amazon and set up the plan I wanted with Verizon.  In my area, they offer unlimited mobile to mobile on any network and this was not offered through the Amazon website.  Got the phone, called Verizon and had that option put on my plan.  If you have questions, call Amazon Wireless - they are pretty solid.1/11/11 UpdateI like the phone even more now.  One feature of Froyo (Android 2.2) that no one knows or mentions, is that it will monitor how you use your phone and adjust certain features to maximize your battery.  My battery life is now far better than when I first reviewed.  I am still stunned at how happy I am with this phone.  Is the iPhone 4 better?  Yes.  But this phone is so close, it doesn't matter to me.  And for free?  BTW - the processor in this phone is still regarded as one of the best - the 1Ghz Snapdragon.  Also, a couple of tech blogs at the end of the year still said this was the best smartphone on Verizon - 7 months after launch.3/27/11 UpdateThe battery on this is unacceptable.  I've made excuses for it, but now I realize it's the weakest aspect of this phone.  I unplug the phone from the charger when I leave work and with moderate use (2-3 texts, 2-3 phone calls, 5 minutes websurfing, 10 minutes navigation) I use up 90% of the battery.  It's a huge shortfall of this phone.  I have to think about it way too much and that's is a definite killer because the phone is ridiculous beyond that.

I have had this phone for just over a year now and for the most part have been happy with it until the screen stopped working.  The LCD screen will sometimes not turn on when you goto use the phone or receive a phone call, it will stay black.  You can still receive phone calls as the screen still responds to your touch, but you have no idea who is calling and can do nothing else with the phone.  Pulling the battery out and replacing it will sometimes work, most of the time not unless you remove the battery for about an hour. I don't know if the reason is the phone is overheating and affecting the LCD screen or not.  I have brought the phone back to Verizon but they refused to honor the one year warranty because the warranty started on the day I bought the phone and not the day I received the phone, 4 weeks after purchase.

I don't know if it is because I got a defect phone or all HTC incredible has very short battery life.How short? The answer is 8 hour to totally dead from fully charged phone. That means you make no call/txt, turn off GPS, Wifi, Bluetooth. A fully charged phone will go dead in only 8 hour.  That means your phone has to be powered all the time to be functional, that's not why I need a cell phone after all.If rich multimedia and social is more important than battery life, then you can go for this one, otherwise, stay away from it.

This is the worst smart phone I've ever purchased.  The reception is awful at best, even with full signal.  I'm lucky if I catch every other word during a conversation.  The battery life is horrible, even after turning off the gps and 3g.  It drops calls all the time and my cheek constantly hits the mute button.  I've replaced this phone and still have the same issues.  The only nice features are the navigation, and some other google aps.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I had been an iPhone/AT&T; customer for the past couple of years, since the first 3G release. The iPhone is a great device, but hampered by the poor AT&T; voice network, and the spotty 3G coverage. As a former Verizon customer for years prior to that, I knew the voice quality and coverage was superior, but their smartphone selection really didn't rival the iPhone, and I was stuck with the 2 year contract. I'm glad to say that dumping that contract early to jump back to VZW and the Incredible was well worth the penalty!The Incredible is fast - almost too fast as it responds quickly to short flicks of my thumb. The optical joystick option for navigation works nicely, especially to avoid extra smudges to the touch screen. The seven page HTC Sense display is unique and has unlimited options for customization - the ability to have functional "widgets" vs. just application launch icons vs. the iPhone make this stand out - as well as the several default configurations to help guide you towards customizing your own configuration. The display itself is bright, sharp, and the higher resolution (compared to the 3G) makes everything pop out, making you "wow" when you first look at it. Customization options are abundant, further allowing you to customize to your heart's content. The seamless integration with Google mail/calendar, Facebook and Twitter, and well as the ability to sync Outlook Calendar and contacts provides a novel method of linking various contacts together for streamlined management of your contacts - for example, if I had you in my Outlook contacts, and also as a friend in Facebook, and followed you in Twitter, the HTC allows me to link those together, so your contact info on the phone allows me to interact with you without having to actually go to those various applications. I even like the fit of the phone in my hands - an iPhone (without a case) always feels like it's going to slip right out of my grasp, but the case of the Incredible seems to "stick" to my fingers, and I never feel like it's going to slip through.The camera is worlds better than that of the iPhone 3G. Photos are clear, and colors are true to life. The led flashes work well. The only drawback is pushing the optical joystick to take a picture - same problem as with the iPhone. A button on the side of the phone would be preferable.If you are worried about apps, there's no need to. Just about every app I had on the iPhone has a version in the Android Marketplace, or at least another app that is of equal quality/function. The Marketplace is more cumbersome to use as it's only available through the phone interface - a store to browse and shop via the web on my computer, similar to how the iTunes apps store functions, would be a great addition and make finding apps much easier. The phone interface is quite functional, but trying to compare and select between similar apps would work better on the computer. **Update** Thanks to a comment, I've found Appbrain, which looks like a good solution for this!If you are tired of AT&T;'s network and/or the iPhone, the Incredible on VZW is certainly a prospect to investigate. I give it a hearty thumbs up! 4 stars for the Incredible itself, as it can use some software improvements, especially to the Marketplace, and 5 stars for the VZW voice and data network (but 1 star for VZW's continual poor documentation of the phones they provide).Pros:Fast processorbeautiful displaygreat camera qualitywealth of applications through Marketplacefit and feelVZW Network qualityhighly customizable interfaceintegration of contact dataCons:Marketplace apps only through phone interface*(see update above)Not many accessories available yettouch screen smudges quickly, and smudges are quite noticeablePoorly documented by VZW

The HTC Droid Incredible suffers from split personalities; , while it is a terrific device for smartphone/multimedia usage, it's performance as a phone was somewhat disappointing.Pros:- The Droid Incredible is just the right size.  The device is large enough to allow for a proper smartphone experience, yet not large enough to become a cumbersome burden on a daily basis.- HTC's software perfectly complements the Android OS.  The Sense software overlay is both practical and visually appealing, especially in contrast to the stock Android software, which is quite spartan in comparison.- Typing messages and e-mails was a breeze with the on-screen keyboard.  I didn't experience any lag while typing, and the inclusion of a period and comma button on the first layer of the keyboard was very helpful.- The phone's spec sheet points out that the hardware packs plenty of horsepower, and indeed I didn't experience any lag while performing functions with the device, including multi-tasking.- Push e-mail was every bit as reliable as any Blackberry with the G-Mail app.  The standard e-mail app syncs every fifteen minutes, which is more than bearable for most users.- Web browsing on the device was speedy, and the browser rarely stalled on any webpage. In two weeks of usage, the web browser failed to load a page only twice, which is remarkable when considering how much I used it.  Download speeds were pretty good over Verizon's network; I averaged 800-1200 kbps down and 500-900 up.- Android Market has plenty of apps to increase productivity and occupy time; but my past Android phones were slow to load and install apps.  The Droid Incredible downloaded and installed apps with impressive speed.- If your into aesthetic appeal, the device is attractive and professional looking.Cons:- As mentioned, while the Droid Incredible was an outstanding device, it was a mediocre phone based on my experience.  Call quality was the worst i've ever experienced on any Verizon phone.  It was nearly as bad as any At&t; phone i've used in my area (and At&t; has notoriously poor call quality in this region).  I'd grade the call quality roughly six out of ten, give and take half a point depending on location.  At times, the phone sounded fine, and during others, sounded like the other person was talking through a sheet of wax paper.  There was some muffling, and roughly one of every twelve to fifteen syllables was lost in the transmission.  If your looking for a phone with great call quality, I really can't recommend this one.- It should be noted that the topic of the Droid Incredible's call quality has been heavily discussed online.  Some users like myself experienced poor call quality, others achieved the opposite result.  While I acknowledge my particular device could have been a "lemon," your probably taking a fifty/fifty chance on call quality if you purchase this one.- The Droid Incredible exhibited Blackberry-esque signal bounce.  The device gets good reception, but the cellular antenna is very sensitive.  When I didn't hold the device at the top, reception would fluctuate as much as as 23db.- An eccentric characteristic of the Droid Incredible is that it's stock signal indicator didn't seem to work.  A quick download of the RealSignal app from Android Market was a painless fix to the problem, but in 2011, this shouldn't have been a problem to begin with.- Battery life is a little below average for a smartphone.  It's acceptable if you properly condition the battery during the first 5-7 days of usage; after that time, I noticed my battery life almost doubled.  However, it was still slightly sub-par after conditioning.The HTC Droid Incredible gets four stars for two reasons; Amazon won't let me give it a 3.5 rating, and the device shines where it was designed to shine.  It offers a great smartphone and multimedia experience, and I recognize that many within the phone's target audience won't actually be averaging the two hours of calling per day that I do.  I'd recommend the phone to those who average fewer than twenty minutes of calling per day, and who don't mind carrying around a car charger or spare charger and possibly an extra battery.  Unfortunately, if your looking for a smartphone on Verizon with a screen larger than 3.2 inches but smaller than 4.3, there aren't a lot of other options available.

I used this phone from a friend who had it and was trying to sell it and so I looked at it, played around with it and my feelings about this phone are that it is, like most other "touch" controlled cell phones that it is simply trying hard to be an iPhone. It offers nothing original next to the much more intuitive and easy to use iPhone. The menus system on this phone is confusing and nothing like the iPhone. zThe iPhone right now is the best smartphone ever offered commercially. Like the rest if the "touch" smart-phones fall far behind the iPhone. Android platform is just so wreak and with only  few thousand worthless applications does not stack up to the 200,000 different Apps you get for the iPhone.Advice, don't waste you money on this phone. Get with the leading edge iPhone. The iPhone 4 comes out late June, wait until then and really get a smartphone that multitasks even better than the currently available iPhone 3GS. If anyone disagrees with what I have written, they just don't know what the iPhone offers in comparison to this wanna-be.

I got a free Droid Incredible at the "Buy More" by renewing my two-year Verizon contract. I've never owned a smart phone before, and the first thing I noticed was that the Droid Incredible is a terrific little computer with tons of amazing apps. The second thing I noticed was that I drained the battery in a single afternoon.Okay. As other reviewers have stated, the standard battery is inadequate. Think of this as a tiny laptop computer, not a cell phone.I bought the Seidio 3500 mAh battery. Problem solved. Don't drive yourself crazy crippling the Incredible's functions by killing apps and WiFi and sync and GPS. Just get a bigger battery.I would have preferred a larger screen since I also use it as an e-reader, to watch movies, mp3 player and a terrific free GPS. And be warned, the phone controls are feather touch and the software makes it awkward to add/edit new contacts. I accidentally called people several times just barely brushing the screen until I added the free "Call Confirm" app. As a pure phone, meh.Otherwise, it is the best thing I never bought!

I took a leap of faith when I replaced my iPhone with the HTC Droid but I have to say that I have fallen in love with this new and Incredible device. The reason I decided to change was because all the specifications beat the iPhone. The HTC Droid has a larger screen, more pixels, a lot better camera with built in flash, faster processor, voice recognition, multitasking, and much more...and with Google as the designer of this operation system I felt my leap was a safe leap. Verizon is another huge draw to switch because they have a faster and more reliable network than at&t and you notice it when you surf the web. The only category where the iPhone beats the HTC Droid is the number of applications, but the great majority of apps are useless anyway so the difference in number of apps means nothing. I have found as many fun and useful apps on the HTC that I did on the iPhone. If you like to customize your phone you'll find the HTC refreshing to use. You can replace pretty much any part of the phone from your web browser to your texting application to your email program. You are not locked in to the software that was shipped with the phone (like Apple who controls every aspect of your phone). Another part of the HTC Droid that I like a lot is that everything you do online from Facebooking to Twitterin to gmailing is suddenly integrated elegantly on your phone. In your address book you can chose between texting your friend or writing on their Facebook wall or show a Google map of their house. When you take a photo you can instantly and easily share it in various ways (Facebook, gmail, flickr, text). Another big plus that I can think of is the volume on the speaker. I could never hear my iPhone ring (unless I used the most obnoxious ring signal) and watching youTube videos often involved having to put the iPhone next to my ear to hear, but the HTC has a real good and loud speaker which you can easily hear. No more missed calls. If you like Google and realize what an amazing company they are you will know how amazing their phone is. Do I have to say I highly recommend this phone??

Excellent phone. Verizon coverage is good. Not the fastest but in more places in the country. Very satisfied with everything. Not looking forward to $100 + phone bill every month but itsOk as I can tether this to use ad a modem for my computer.

This is arguable with the best gadget I ever bought. Completely changed my life style.This phone is a mini-computer, camcoder, phone ,music player and offcourse wireless phone packed in a tiny capsule. HTC Sense UI on top of Android is far better than the one comes with latest iPhone4 . The sad part is , poor apple fan boys don't know that yet. Apart from the UI & usability, the feature I like most is speech recognition . This works amazingly accurate and is much faster than typing.I wish the battery life is bit longer. I have to charge the phone everyday.

Not a lot to add -- after a year, still works great and I will be sad when I upgrade to a 4G phone sometime in 2012.  Battery life is always a problem with smart phones.  But aside from that, it is a great device.

The Incredible is priced at $79.99 at Amazon with a new service agreement from Verizon,  If you buy directly from Verizon the price is 199.99 with a new service agreement.  This appears to be $120 lower price.  BUT check the total price = equipment + service plan.  For example,  I need the 1400 minute Family Share plan.  Buying directly from Verizon, the price is $89.99 for two lines; buying through Amazon, the price is $119.99 for two lines - or $30 more per month.  Amazon requires you to keep this inflated service plan for 6 months or charges you $250.  If it looks too good to be true, it probably is too good to be true!

I've been using this phone for a good two months now. My wife has a Motorola Droid. I must say, I prefer the Droid, and I intend to switch phones very soon.Having used both phones, Motorola's is clearly better. My wife experiences none of the problems that I have.By the way, here they are:- Terrible Reception, voice on other end constantly cutting out- Reception is interrupted by your hand when you hold it - what the hell >:(- Dropped calls- Random hanging, crashes and self-resets- Sometimes Youtube just plain won't open and I have to reset the phone- Sense UI is not great, and inferior to LauncherPro, which is free and can be used on any Android phone (as far as I know)- No dedicated GPU, and the 1Ghz processor does NOT make up for it. Some games that run great on the Droid won't run at all on the Incredible.- Droid just feels more solidly built, and not just because it's heavier.Meanwhile, my wife is rocking the Droid, running all the games perfectly, getting great reception, and enjoying the physical keyboard, which although I wouldn't use for typing, it comes in handy for some things (like emulators). I swear she gets better battery life too, and I've really done my homework on ways to extend my battery life.As far as I can tell, the 1Ghz processor is totally unnecessary. Android runs well on the Droid, and will apparently run perfect once the Froyo update rolls out. The Incredible is a little more speedy with the OS, but not enough to excuse it's other problems. Like the crashing.

I recently switched my mobile service from AT&T; Wireless and the iPhone, to Verizon and the brand new HTC Incredible.Why did I switch? I've been a customer of AT&T; / Cingular / AT&T; for over a decade. I've usually had great service and great phones. I've also had a wide variety of phones from the iPhone to the BlackJack II, to the Cingular 8125, to any number of flip and candybar style phones. At one point I was getting a new phone every year - until I got the iPhone.The iPhone is the phone I've had the longest, because it pretty much did everything I needed it to do. The problem was that AT&T; didn't.For some time now I've been growing frustrated with dropped calls and lack of signal in places where I don't expect there to be a problem. Sitting in a cafe in midtown Sacramento and the phone telling me it's "searching" for a signal is displeasing to me. I was also hearing great things about the Android phones (Nexus One, DROID, etc.) including the brand new HTC Incredible that was on its way to market.And so I did some research and made the switch!First impressions? The phone gets pretty close to living up to its lofty name.It started out as the HTC Wow! as I began to explore the differences from the iPhone and was filled with excitement. It was all new and it was all fresh, and I enjoyed figuring out what it could do in an of itself, and what it could do that was better than other phones. It's got a fast 1GHz processor, 8MP camera, wireless/GPS/bluetooth, Flash (which is a BIG win over the iPhone), customizable everything, live widgets (sort of like Google desktop), and more!Then I moved into HTC Uh Oh! when I encountered a known issue with the native email client and IMAP email servers. There is no fix that I've seen so far and I had to install a different email program (K9) in order to get consistent access to my IMAP email accounts. Ok not TOO bad but still was unexpected, because on the iPhone it just "worked". I was also concerned with the native Twitter app called "Peep". It kept notifying me about messages I'd received days in the past - so I installed the brand new native Twitter app and removed Peep and all was well. The final part of my uh oh was that tethering isn't native. You not only have to download software, but there's a fee with Verizon to enable mobile tethering. AT&T; didn't even offer it on the iPhone unless you were jailbroken, but I don't understand why this is an extra monthly charge and I dislike it.Then I phased into HTC Really Good! as I got email working and started to customize my home screens with the applications I use on a regular basis. Things like Google Voice (which deserves it's own mention in a moment), Facebook, Twitter, Ustream broadcaster, Amazon, Wordpress, music streaming, NPR News, TMZ, and a few others including a Bejeweled clone. Battery life popped up as a possible down-side, and I've heard this complaint from other users - but I charge the phone every night and I've turned off the constant GPS fix option and it seems to help. At this point - not enough to drop me out of Really Good.And then it was time for HTC Wow! again when I realized just how amazingly integrated Google Voice was on the Android system. No longer was it just an app on the iPhone that connected me to my web-based Google Voice account, now it was so integrated that it can actually bypass my phone's native voicemail and send it to Google Voice. This was a special wow because Verizon charges for visual voicemail (note that AT&T; does not - it's part of the package). I didn't want to pay for that feature because it was just a nice to have, but I was super pleased that Google Voice can take care of it for me (including transcription and the other awesome features of the tool).I've finally settled at HTC Great! after about a week of using the phone. Some of the initial issues I experienced, plus the concern about battery life have kept me from reaching the full HTC Incredible! level for myself. It seems as though HTC is paying attention - they have already released an Over the Air update that fixes a potential issue with incorrectly showing service bars - so I'm hoping that updates are going to be regular and beneficial. I love that it happens over the air vs. having to tether to iTunes to do an update.I love that I can customize every single screen (I'm currently using a 7-screen theme); add live widgets that can show weather, calendars, email previews, facebook updates, twitter updates, and pretty much anything else; the touch screen is intuitive and responsive; and it's just easy to use and personalize to my specific needs.Having a phone that can be so personalized is a welcome change from the iPhone that wouldn't even let me have persistent wallpaper on anything but the home screen (something that never made sense to me but is apparently being fixed in the 4.0 software release). But that personalization can have tradeoffs. You can load this thing up with so many applications and so many widgets that it becomes unusable, so you do have to watch what you're doing.In terms of form factor it's very similar to the iPhone but doesn't feel as heavy. The buttons are in intuitive positions, and it seems like they took a lead from the iPhone in design. Buttons can perform multiple functions depending upon the application you're sitting in, and it's super-fast switching from one application to another (thank you intelligent backgrounding).Overall I'm really happy with the phone and satisfied with the service from Verizon that I've received to-date. So I'm giving my first impressions a 4 out of 5 stars for the HTC Incredible!* Products and brands are copyrights of their respective companies. Also note - I still have an active iPhone on AT&T; service in addition to the new HTC Incredible on Verizon.

I have had an iPod touch for years (hoping to have an iPhone later), and wanted to move on to a smart phone thats easy to use, and provider great network. This one has both. I have had a windows mobile phone earlier as well, here is what I think.Things I like(Paid ZERO for the phone from BEST BUY)#1. Easy to navigate system, really intuitive#2. Screen resolution is great, very pleasing.#3. Multiple home screen (Click twice on Home to get 7 screens)#4. Sync emails/calendar/Contacts with Gmail. There is absolutely nothing better than this.#5. Alert screen (dragged from top) is very useful.#6. Quick response by OS#7. Quick download, 3G seems faster than Wi-FiThings I dont like#1. In "All Apps" screen, the list is sorted by name. So if you downloaded Zillow app recently, you will have to scroll down all the way at the bottom to see that.#2. Gmail App has too large fonts, does not support labs (for example, superstars)#3. Google Maps Navigation is not FREE with Verizon (costs additional $9.99/month)#4. Battery life is acceptable. I can run 3-4 hour easily with extreme use. Full day with normal use. Need to charge daily though.Features better than iPhone#1. No iTunes, easy to transfer songs, pictures#2. Better Camera#3. Simple connectivity with all Google productsFeature missing compared to iPhone#1. No NETFLIX app(as of December 2010)In summary, Android OS is a mature OS, and "Androd Market" has almost everything "App Store" has (of course, no NETFLIX as of December 2010). I would highly recommend Incredible and other Android/HTC phones. Incredible lives upto its name.

Not sure what went wrong but phone booted to activate it and then after first over night charge it doesn't boot anymore. I'm not really that upset at the phone not working as much as having to wait another 1 - 3 weeks for replacement.  It's the service between all parties that I am giving a one star (HTC, Amazon, and Verizon).As for the phone it looked great.  I will give an update when I get one that works.

I love my phone! It is lightweight compared to other Android phones and I thought I would have issues with the touch screen. It is much easier to learn than my previous Blackberry. The screen, of course, is large and easier to view and read and I love that I have so many apps available to me.  Great phone.

Purchased this phone in August to replace a Sprint POS 4 function phone that I've had for a while. The phone is all around a great device. I'm divided on whether to write a lengthly review or just the bulleted pros cons list, but I'll got with the latter.PROS:- Very light- Very thin- Excellent 8 Mega-Pixel Camera w/ LED flash- Comes with ~6.5GB internal phone memory- Multi-tasking is smooth/seemless- MP3 playback is excellent- Web browsing is smooth- Most all apps that you would need are free- Battery life for talk is very good- Touch screen is just right sensitivity wise. On screen keyboard, when turned sideways is pretty goodCONS- Battery life while texting or browsing the web is pretty bad (reaches half life in a matter of 1-2 hrs)- In call phone reception isn't the greatest, but I'm still trying to diagnose whether this is a coverage issue or the phone itself (as of now I could go either way)- Comes with several annoying pre-installed apps that cannot be uninstalled. These apps also randomly run in the background. You can download a free app manager to kill these apps but they just auto launch again (probably a major player in the battery drain). This seems to be an issue with most Droid phones though, not just an Incredible issue.

I got my Droid Incredible in the mail on Tuesday even though the release date is today (4/29).The phone is stunning...with all the simplicity you'd expect out of a new smartphone and all the fun you'd expect out of a Google phone.Pros:Android OS and SenseCustomizableBeautiful ScreenAndroid Market8MP camera (shoots well in low light don't let anyone tell you different)super fast processor7 home screens that you can view by pinching.  You don't have to swipe through all 7.  Makes my friends jealous.the browser is smooth and fast. Auto aligns text when you zoom.  uses multi-touch to pinch and zoom. Smooth scrolling and fast, fast load times.Conshard to sync any e-mail other than a gmail accountfacebook app sucks, but i just made a bookmark to the full site, since the internet is super fastoptical trackpad is glitchy but i only use it for the camerabattery life...but Seidio is coming out with an extended battery so thats not going to be a problem soonBottom Line:Honestly, I have been waiting for a phone like this every since the iPhone.  I don't have AT&T; and to be honest I just don't like Apple as a company.  They make cool stuff, but they rip their customers off.  This phone is an iPhone killer.  Compare them on all levels of performance, looks, functionality, customization, and speed and you'll find that the Droid Incredible is the same if not better.  Also, Verizon's coverage is fantastic, so don't be fooled by 4G.  I'm sure its great if you live somewhere where you get service.EDIT: (4/30) This phone eats RAM like crazy.  I installed "Advanced Task Killer" but I was still down to only 42M after a few days.  I would suggest downloading either "Task Manager" or "TaskPanel" (I have Task Manager and my boyfriend has TaskPanel on his Moto Droid and both work quite well).  I also suggest restarting the phone every few days just like you would a real computer.Other than that still no complaints  :)

I just recently got a droid incredible, and I am a new smartphone user. I generally don't know much about smartphones (although I have played around for periods of time with iphones, moto droids, etc.) so I can't really say this review is of an "experienced" smartphone user. The phone has many pros which make the phone really likeable.Pros--I have had a couple months to tinker with this phone and I have come to like the general feel of the user interface (htc sense), it seems to fit the phone and makes it more pleasing to look at.-- I found that being able to use the phone as a usb storage device is extremely convenient.--The camera is excellent, I have taken pictures of documents and they come out as extremely clear/readable (the flash is also a plus).--The video filming quality is good and seems to be above par from what is to be expected from a phone camera.--The availability of apps is convenient, whenever i need something like a pdf reader, or document reader or anything else, I just go straight to the market and find something that fits my needs.--Battery life seems good (although some people seem to have had trouble with this)--Phone call sound quality is pretty goodThis phone has some really annoying bugs which to a certain extent overwhelm the pros of the phone (for me anyway)Cons--The phone is unable to connect to enterprise networks without lots of tinkering. At my college, it took me one MONTH to figure out how to set up the wifi--even with the help of the IT department.--The phone's alarm clock-when set seems to ring even when the phone is set to silent or vibrate mode--this gets on my nerves.--You cannot set the tones of the rings of each calendar event. I have set up several calendar events on my old phone (Lg chocolate) and was always able to choose whether I wanted the phone to ring, vibrate, or both as a reminder to those events. The native calendar app seems unable to do that simple task.--The native mail application is unable to look at multiple accounts' emails at once which is extremely inconvenient. Many messages seem to disappear from the app which is really strange.--The phone sometimes randomly freezes and restarts- so far it has happened to me twice (during the first two days that I had the phone).--The phone doesn't recognize new music without a restart- this problem is only with the phones native music app-others apps seem to have no trouble recognizing new songs.Overall I like this phone, even with all of its issues (but that's probably because I live tinkering with tech and trying to figure out new ways to fix my tech problems). Sorry for the incredibly bad grammar, good luck.

This is in response to the fellow who said that because the phone can't be on data 3g at the same time as making a call that it might cause a problem if he was talking on his phone while using navigation.In reality you can use google navigation at the same time as making a call, its not an issue what-so-ever. What happens is google navigation runs in the background and has preloaded the maps it needs onto the built in storage or sd card. You will still hear the voice navigation when talking on the phone so you won't miss any turns but it does not prevent you from making a call as suggested. In fact it works very seemlessly and performs well. Once you hang up the phone it goes right back to navigation and never misses a beat. Its one of the nice features they built into google navigation and one of the reasons this phone (or any android phone running os 1.6 and above) and the android platform are worth their weight in gold.I have since sold my tomtom navigation unit and that in itself has paid for the price of the phone. The incredible is an amazing device and i would not hesitate for a minute to buy it again. Before this phone i had an eris and while that was nice it was just not quite enough for my needs. The incredible fills the void completely and offers me so much more. I rate this phone a perfect 100/100, i could not have designed it any better myself and there is not 1 thing about this phone i don't love.

This is my first cell phone, and it really is an amazing device. More pocket computer than phone, it has amazed me everyday for the month I've had it. I guess you've heard by now the only drawbacks are the screen which is impossible to see in sunlight, but looks great indoors, and the very short battery life (leave it plugged into the charger when possible). Also the camera may not quite live up to it's 8 megapixel name, but it's very good nonetheless. I love everything else about this computer - excuse me - phone - and do not regret my purchase one bit. I would give it five stars if not for the display/battery problem.

There are too many porn apps in the android market and they are imbedded in every category. They do not provide a separate "Adult Content" category for this. To report these apps as inappropriate is futile since there are so many of them. There is no way to put a filter on the phone to keep this stuff out. The response on Android Market's forums regarding this topic has been insensitive and foolish. Someone brazenly commented that a better phone for people like me would be an iPhone. I can't even find a place to filter my internet content on this phone also. Buyer beware. Oh, and there are applications you can buy outside of the Android Market site that provide parental controls for a subscription FEE. Apparently I have to pay for my right to NOT LOOK at this trash. I am repulsed enough to cancel my Verizon account and return this phone.

I purchased this phone two years ago (2010) as my first smartphone. I absolutely LOVED it. Here's a quick rundown:Pros:1. Small size, large screen. As a person with small hands, I have no desire to own a phone that could double as a tablet. I want to be able to reach all quadrants of the screen with one hand/thumb. This is about the size of an iPhone4 but with a larger screen that is comfortable to read and work with. Pocketable, fits in purse/bag pockets designed for phones.2. Large quantity of apps from both Amazon or Google Play (formerly Android App Market).3. Sturdy design. Let's just say this device took some serious physical abuse and until recently, it just kept ticking.4. Expandable memory. Need more space? Jam an inexpensive SD card in the slot and you're good to go.Cons:1. Recently developed software issues, probably from some of the abuse it suffered on my account. It will not write/read the sd card, photos are previewing fine but will appear corrupted when enlarged. Photos were deleted, it stopped syncing with Google so much of my data was lost. (Cry)2. Began needing to LOAD the homepages. Started forceclosing EVERYTHING, including 'backbone' programs like Gmail.3. With regards to app security: if this is your first time owning an android device, you must be aware the security of the app market and amazon are not as good as Apple's. Although it is a self-regulating market (unsound apps are generally removed or will not sell well thanks to dedicated reviewers), you should still be vigilant about your own security. Free apps more than not will ask for permissions the app doesn't necessarily need to run on i.e. full internet access (unless it says it can link to Facebook or something), and 'open network sockets'. You don't want your network sockets open. This usually means the app is obtaining anonymous (not sensitive) information from you for statistical/development purposes. Just be careful.A NOTE ON MEMORY ISSUES:I have read several of the reviews here regarding the 'low memory' warning you get. This is a SOFTWARE issue that is easily remedied which concerns the FACEBOOK app. You must CLEAR the CACHE on occasion and then you will stop getting the warning. To do this, go to MENU>SETTINGS>APPLICATIONS>MANAGE APPS>FACEBOOK>CLEAR CACHE. As previously mentioned, I have had this phone for two years, and now due to the software issues I've been having, it's time to move onto a different phone. I have since purchased the HTC Rhyme, as it is also a small phone and doesn't have the bells and whistles of the larger, faster phones but it's what I need. I will be doing a separate review on that phone as I work with it.

There is so much going on in this phone. It's been almost a week and I'm still finding new things to do with it. Very cool new toy.I honestly am not a tech person (even though I live less than 10 miles from Apple's campus) and I don't know how this phone stacks up to an iPhone. However, my very good friend(proud owner of an iPhone 3gs) as holding on to my phone during an event and said he was very impressed with the Incredible. This friend and I travel all over for events, and my phone works everywhere, versus the iPhone's spotty coverage and slowed internet indoors. But this is purely observations between the two, not concrete 'this is for everyone evidence'.The apps are a lot more advanced than I expected them to be. The Android market really did grow right under our noses. Again, majorly impressed.Apps are interesting, internet is super fast where I live and everywhere I regularly visit (Silicon Valley/Bay Area), the one thing I can't stand right now is the battery life. The woman I spoke to at Verizon is that they're working on getting a better battery for it, which makes it a bearable grievance.4 of 5 because honestly, the learning curve is insane going from a LG Versa to a HTC Incredible and the short short battery life is maddening.

After using it for hours, I was dumbfounded when my new HTC Incredible 3G Computer rang (oh yah, it's a phone too). Make sure you really want a high tech 3G touch screen phone. Two friends of mine only want a phone to make phone calls so I advised them not to buy it.I love it but the battery is a major issue. They're at the limit of high power battery technology. So, to help save battery power, download the app ATKF to stop (kill) all the unnecessary apps from running. It only stops them from running, doesn't hurt anything. There are a lot of built in apps that can't be removed but can be killed (stopped).Two extended batteries to consider buying are:Seidio Innocell 1750 mA Battery (fits the same as the HTC OEM battery) for $41 on Amazon.-I bought this oneSeidio Innocell 3500 mA Battery (thicker than the HTC OEM battery so it comes with a thicker back cover) for $53.94 on Amazon.Please read the reviews before buying either battery.Paid $201.38 total and shipping was free. Purchased on 07-06-2010 directly from Verizon.

I am on my 3rd Android phone: T-Mobile G1, Motorola Droid and now the HTC Incredible.  The OS has progressed in usability much since it's initial 1.0 version and the current 2.1 with Sense UI add-ons makes the experience much more enjoyable.The phone is fast and the Verizon 3G network is fast.  Web browsing is great and the phone has native GMail support as well as Exchange support.  It has an 8MP camera that takes decent pictures (save for the flash is over kill in low-light and up close) and comes with 8GB of memory that can be supplemented with a MicroSD card (it comes with a 2GB, but that is pretty useless- get at least a 16GB)There are about 50,000 apps at present, but this number is growing every day.  Most notable is a Google Voice application which is the only way to use voice mail.  The included Google Maps has 3D Google navigation.  The other Google apps are all present and work as they should on a Google OS (Earth, Shopping, Tracks, etc).There are rumors of upcoming desktop and car docks (later for GPS) and an extended battery- but these have not appeared on Verizon's site as of yet.  The 'glossy silicone' phone case from Verizon is excellent for $15- and looks pretty nice with the diamond patterns on the back.The phone is not without issues; there are battery life issues (mostly when the phone gets into a 3G/1x EVDO area and keeps switching) and the optical trackpad can be a little wonky at times.To get into some of the really neat features, you will need to do some 'under the hood' work.  For example: If you want the alarm clock to wake to a particular MP3, you need to put the track in the SD Card under /media/audio/alarms.  If you want to use an MP3 as a ringtone, same as the alarm, but the MP3 needs to go under /media/audio/ringtones.I use both an iPhone 3GS (for work) and the HTC Incredible. The iPhone I use for playing games (Space Miner, PvZ, etc) as the game developers aren't all on board with Android yet; I use the Incredible for everything else: Phone calls, photos, music, email, web browsing, texting, facebook, webcam viewer, etc.In closing, if you are looking for a phone to play games, buy a cheap phone and get a Nintendo DSi or a Sony PSP- or as a last resort an iPhone will work.  If you are looking for a great phone that has tons of useful features that can replace 90% of what most people use a laptop for, get the HTC Incredible!

Ok, I'm an apple guy.  I've got an Ipad, Ipod, Macbook, and pretty much everything else apple has come out with.  They make great products and they do great marketing.  However, I HAD an iphone and really couldn't stand all the dropped calls and speed of the AT&T network.  So I switched back to Verizon 2 years ago.  Had a blackberry and it was great, but boring.  So recently I got the opportunity to upgrade to the Android Incredible and it truly lives up to its name!  The phone is extremely fast, has a great interface, full touch screen, GREAT camera (it doesn't shoot all that well in low light (even with the flash)) but the pictures come out great in well lit/out door areas.  The battery life (like all these smart phones these days) is not great.  I did buy a larger battery from Amazon and it makes the phone pretty much last all day.  Internet/email is very fast and intuitive.  and most of all, the PHONE CALLS are great!

Definitely not a phone for the reading glasses crowd. No size adjustment on the font.  So unless you keep your reading glasses with you at all times, you will find using this phone a challenge. Smart phone, stupid UI. Is there an App for that?

I have had the phone for a month now and it has been everything that I wanted, in its function.  I left T-mobile for better wireless coverage since I travel a lot and that has been excellent as well.  My only complaint would be the battery life.  Without turning off some of the phones functions (wifi, GPS, etc.) the battery struggles to survive 12 hours.  I am an airline pilot and I sometimes work 15-16 hour days.  I don't want to turn off the phones functions because they were big reasons for the purchase.  If the phone could survive a full day of use on one charge I would have given it a 5-star rating.

I've had this phone since it came out.  While this is my first smartphone, and I don't have anything else to compare it to, I've been extremely happy with it.  The only downside is the battery life.  There really isn't much.  You have to do a lot of management with this phone to get the most out of the battery.  A lot of what I have done includes modding the phone - there are plenty of resources on that in the forums at xda-developers.com.  There has been a pretty fast and steady growth of homemade roms that REALLY get the most out of the hardware and work towards getting better battery life.  A word of warning though - making any kind of changes to your phone will void your warranty.  Also, even though the process of unlocking phones and using custom roms has gotten much easier, be warned that there is a bit of a learning curve.But back to the phone - I'm a little over 5 months in and am extremely happy with my purchase.

I was a die-hard BlackBerry fanboy for a long time so suffice it to say, it was difficult for me to make the move to a non-BB device. But, since doing so, I have been so much happier. My biggest complaint about BB's was the speed. I've always been picky about having an actual keyboard and such but since getting the Incredible, I've not had one problem making the transition.This phone smokes the competition. I can't comment for the iPhone but I do have the iPod Touch and this thing is much more friendly than the iPod and the browsing speed is much faster and reliable. I know there are going to be die-hard Apple folks out there who don't want to read anything about their beloved iPhone's getting some competition but it is here and in the form of the Incredible!There aren't as many apps as there are through iTunes but most of the popular ones are available for this phone. I had AT&T; and after they screwed me over one too many times I switched to VZW and haven't looked back. I can't say enough good things about this phone.Cons: Battery life. That's it! However, I knew about the battery life before I bought it so I knew what I was getting into. For those out there who are going to bash this device for the battery life alone, well, do your research first. If you know about it ahead of time, you're better prepared for it when you notice you have to charge it with moderate to heavy use during the day. I recommend installing Advanced Task Killer if you buy this phone. It's free through the Droid Market.Battery life aside, this is a great phone! Fast and full of features.

I have owned the Droid Incredible for about 10 days and was at first bothered by battery life. With a good bit of time learning about the phone the first few days I found that the stock battery did only last 8 or 10 hours. Now I have learned a way for the battery to last about two days with normal use. All that is necessary is to hold down the power switch until the "phone options" menu comes down then turn off mobile network until you want to use the web. You can turn it back on in only two clicks in the same way and you will be amazed at the improvement in battery life. And of course you will still be able to use your phone and most applications without the mobile network. Applications only need it if they need the internet.I love this phone. It is INCREDIBLE!!!All of the good things you hear are true and as far as battery life try the hint mentioned above. I am a Mac person but this is better that the iphone in my opinion. Plus you have the Verizon network. There is also a widget that lets you easily control the wireless connection and other functions that if used, will further extend battery life.The camera and video are incredible also.

Ear piece is good and so is the microphone. The outside speaker can play ringtones very loud and clear and vibrate mode works excellent too. If you've been looking for a phone where you can use MP3s for ringtones, this is it! It has been a lot of fun, and I don't have to pay for ringtones anymore.This phone can do almost anything, and it can do it really fast. It is one of the fastest, if not THE fastest phone out there. This is due to its snapdragon processor. HTC Sense rocks IMHO, and I am very impressed with the camera. It takes excellent pictures, but the flash can wash out the picture if you are too close. Battery life has been fine for me. Be sure to get an appkiller application from the market, and use it. It helps with battery life! I also turn off 3G, WiFi, and/or bluetooth from time to time and that helps too. Yes it has an onscreen keyboard, but it is a good onscreen keyboard with tactile feedback. I got used to it pretty quickly.It has a glass screen and I have had it for a few months and not put any scratches on it whatsoever. I bought the verizon hard silicone "glossy" case. It is the best one I've seen and I am thrilled with it.

This phone is amazing. It's highly customizable and very responsive. It definitely pushes the envelope in smartphone capability. Unfortunately, I had to return it because Verizon's service in my part of greater Charlotte is pretty bad. The return process was painless enough; Verizon's customer service was great, and Amazon's return process is easy.

The title about says it all. Battery consumption is crazy, (especially if you work like I do in a high interference area where phones are often looking for signal)but that is largely because there is so much to do with this cool phone that it is hard to leave it on stand by waiting for of all things a phone call.There are tons of free applications to keep you busy, as well as 3G connection to get internet and fairly large screen to see the net on. You can use any song in your library as a ringer and there are free apps to help you edit those ringers. It took me a few days to figure out how to use all the features of the phone, but you may be smarter than me and not have the issues. My only gripe other than the battery life (which I fixed by buying an after market extended life battery) is the virtual key board is hard to work with my old hands, but younger folks will probably be perfectly happy with at least the horizontal keyboard which is pretty big.By the way the camera is amazing!

I've been waiting for this phone for quite a while. The Nexus One was too annoying to buy through Google and the Moto Droid was just too clunky. This is a beautiful piece of machinery. Touchscreen is wonderful and extremely fast (love the 1GHz processor). The battery life is so-so but I guess you have to expect that from a mini computer...downloaded some power saving apps like Sceebl and that helps some. I'm buying the extended battery from Seidio and will update later on that. Some reviews on tech sites mention that it feels "plasticy" or cheap...which I don't really agree with. I think the fact that it's more lightweight than others says a lot about how awesome it is. The touchscreen keyboard is quite easy to use (had a bit of a learning curve for a day or so, but now less than a week later I'm great at it). It's kind of annoying that some apps automatically start (like footprints). The camera is very nice considering how small the lens is. I really wish there was some kind of cover for the lens so it wouldn't be so easy to scratch it, but I cut a circle out of some screen protector material and put it over the lens. Doesn't effect my picture quality at all as far as I can tell. I've never owned a smartphone, so my opinion may be biased...but it's everything I could ever want and more with only a few minor complaints. &lt;3

My first Droid Incredible's battery would last about half a day, then it started rebooting itself constantly after about two months so I exchanged it; naturally Verizon send me a refurb.The refurb has remained functional about a year now; however its battery similarly lasts 4-6 hours...and this is with NO phone calls, NO surfing, no nothing! Just sitting there it eats the battery.If you want a phone that must essentially be constantly plugged in, by all means buy an Incredible!

It the battery lasted as long as other phones I have had then I would have given it 4 stars.  I could not find a setting to increase the power of the vibration and through research, I confirmed that there was no adjustment! The battery life is very poor, I had to charge it twice a day, and I am concerend that as it gets older, I might have to charge it even more often. It is a shame, I really like the phone and I am very upset that these two design / engineering flaws were not detected and corrected before it's release. I am suprised they wouldnt have solved this before it was sold.  I was very excited to get the new Droid Incredible. I have to say that the apps are great and speed was very good, however for me the phone was a huge dissapointment. I returned it within two days. The two biggest problems are the vibrate function and the battery life. I need to keep the phone in vibrate mode at work, but the vibrate mode is so low that you cannot feel when you get a message or email, I missed twenty work calls the first day!

HTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)OK, my original plan was to not get sucked in to another contract and possibly look into something Tracfone has going with Walmart that uses Verizon's network anyhow. Then I saw the Nexus 1 and heard it was coming to Verizon. Well we now know that is a pipe dream. So I start hearing a lot about this HTC Incredible that Verizon will offer instead of the Nexus 1.So here we are and here I am with an Incredible. I am upgrading from an LG Voyager which still works great but I wanted a true smartphone for a long time and 2 years ago the LG served my needs well.Obviously there is a bit of a learning curve but not too steep. Since there are plenty of reviews that give specs and features I shall focus upon what is best/worst in my circumstances.I am use to a flip open keyboard and there is none with this phone but I see once I adjust to it the on-screen will not be so bad. One feature that is a HUGE plus for me is the ability to voice dictate text messages. If you speak clearly it does very well. I am in the earlier stages of what may become a crippling arthritic condition and I find people text a lot more than talk anymore. Being able to speak and have the phone type it be it a text message or email was the push that sent me to ordering one.Since I have read so much about short battery life and I do see that myself I am getting a higher capacity one. This phone does play some flash content but not all. Zips around the net at a decent speed and is very responsive to the touch commands.My only huge frustration thus far was trying to add a ringtone from a text attachment. I come to learn you can not add them that way, you save them out then add them where as the LG would add as ringtone without saving the attachment first, like I said small learning curve.I am not thrilled how you access the battery and the SD slot either, you must PRY the back off. Is not like you need a crowbar and I understand is not expected that you would be in there much but it kinda cheapens an awesome design.Something interesting I accidently discovered, with my LG I use to charge it mostly USB through my Dell 1545 since it was simple and freed up a plug. Well, I use to rest the phone on the wrist rest on the right side since I use a USB keyboard. I expected I could do the same with the incredible, not happening. First time I thought it was the computer, but quickly found it was the phone. When placing this phone in the exact same place as I had the LG........it KILLS the video card! I mean instant blackout! First time it came back on after about a minute, next time required a reboot. So if you experience any blackouts and your phone is close or on your computer is something to check.Everything else is pretty much what everyone is saying, nothing is perfect but this phone is pretty sweet. Long way from when I got my first cell, a Moto V120. Can't wait to see how they get me to bite the hook again two years from now lol.

I upgraded to the Droid Incredible about 3 months ago and I have totally enjoyed this phone.The Iphone my have more apps, but in my opinion the android platform is much better.The only advantage the iphone has is its media player because well they invented the ipod. The Incredible is fast , powerful, fun phone. Some of the apps are amazing the customization of this phone will blow you away. The web browsing is fast and smooth, the 8 mega pix camera is amazing. My only suggesting would be to invest in a extended battery, I purchased a 3500 mah extended battery and now get 2 full days plus on a charge. I highly recommend the Droid Incredible even over the droid x.

I highly recommend against getting this phone simply because of the poor battery life, which makes it extremely inconvenient. Within 4 hours half the battery gets drained in limited usage (check emails). I have went to countless forums and tried everything I could to extend its battery life but nothing really works.

I have been a Verizon customer for about 5 years and always complain about the selection of phones. I have had touch phones, slider, flip and regular phones. I really wanted an iPhone but I seriously HATE AT&T; from previous customer experiences I've had. I tried the Droid Eres and it was too darn small. I tried the Droid and just couldn't handle the bulkiness of it and the keyboard was crappy. I took a plunge on this one and I am very happy I did but with a few quirks. I never thought I would fall in love wiht anything other than my blackberry. I was afraid of the all touch screen but we are working together fine after much practice.I do have a few gripes but nothing that is a deal breaker:1. Vibrate mode sucks2. Battery, need I say more...3. Camera captures a good quality pic 1 in 3 times4. Direct sunlight completely washes out screen5. Call quality in some places is in and out but that could be a tower issueAll in all I really an happy with the phone and do not see a future upgrade completion unless Verizon gets the iPhone.

If you want a phone to surf the web, get the Droid. But if you want a workhorse PHONE choose something different. I upgraded from a Palm 755P, which was several years old. Despite it's age, it beats the Droid hands down in many respects. Voice dialing on the Droid? Don't make me laugh. It always requires the use of several buttons in order to use it, and the voice recognition always makes mistakes. The Palm offers many ways to customize your calendar - the Droid has few and forces you into pre-set reminders, etc. The Palm also manages contacts better and offers pre-fil -- the Droid doesn't. The Droid is Incredible in one respect - it's incrediably power hungry. I must plug it in at least once in the middle of the day or the battery dies before the end of the day. I simply don't understand all of the awesome reviews of this product. I did discover some interesting apps -- but the hunt for a better phone continues. You can keep your Droid.

overall a really user friendly phone. just be sure to download a task killer program, and you won't have the low battery life problem.

I really wanted to leave AT&T; and I really wanted to love the incredible.  Unfortunately, I sent the phone back after 2 weeks of use.The biggest issue was the battery life.  I did app killer, turned off BT, Wi-Fi, GPS when not using and ordered an extended battery.  I still couldn't make it through the day.  I was able to get through the day with my iPhone 3G.I love the Android concept.  However, it really is still for techies (which I am) and therefore not recommended for the average cell user.  It's not nearly as refined as the iPhone with regard to both UI, hardware, App store and software.  There are many great apps in the android market but I couldn't find what I used to use daily on the iPhone.The screen was nice indoors, but with sun glare, it's unreadable.What was really sad was the call quality.  I had multiple dropped calls and garbled sound quality.  Apparently an OTA fix is in the works, but this is not what I was expecting when going back to Verizon.I painlessly went back to my iPhone 3G, returned my device to Amazon and have upgraded to the iPhone 4.  I do miss a few things from Android (navigation and speech recognition) but I really love the screen and battery life on the iPhone 4.

I got my Incredible last night and it is unbelievable.  I haven't put it down since I unpacked it.  I never thought I needed a smart phone since I'm literally in front of my computer 24/7.  I started doing some android development for work and wanted to see it working on a real phone so I splurged and got this phone.  It is better than I imagined.  I can't believe how beautiful it is.  You won't regret getting the Incredible.

Cons:It does not have front camera(eg video chat) or HDMI port or inbuilt wifirouter(mobile broadband)as compared to  upcoming sprint HTC EVO phone. (but verizon supposedly suppports tethering at around 15$ to 30$ per  month . However some one suggested in the comments to try pdanet)I does not have hardware keyboard - unlike motorolla droid.(but that would have made it bulkier )I beleive there is no automatic blue tooth dialing-  per earlier reviews.(though it has supportfor blue tooth itself)Camcorder voice quality is bad(video is ok).Its easy for thumb nails/dust to sticks easily on to screen(hence screen protector is highly recommended)There is No lens cover for camera. (so you may have to buy holder etc)It does not have good battery life  .(But since its removable - you can buy extra)PROS:It has fastest processor(for mobile) yet.. (but just like in netbooks vs laptopit may mean good response time vs battery time)It uses the latest android version 2.1( hopefully they should update it to upcoming 2.2which would give  it better battery life due to JIT compiler)..It has inbuilt beta GPS(works even when you talk), FM Radio, awesome camera,decent camcorder and removable battery!It can be plugged to TV - per some youtube previews(I could not find that USB to composite video accessory- but since it has only 1 USB output- you will not be able to charge it while viewing the video)Android has cool voice search facility.(though not accurate - but works for common words)The Phone/Voice quality is decent/good. (as compared with mortorolla droid)The size and weight is perfect for putting in shirt pocket.The screen is awesome - and I enjoyed watching youtube videos on it..(but it may be hard to see in daylight)Conclusion: I was impressed with  the screen clearity- and I understand that newer phones will have betterspecs.. But its currently the best phone (for any carrier) . I would have liked removable hardwarekeyboard.PS: I had done pre-order - and hence I had to pay 200$  - but I did not have to pay activation fee ..(I however got some extra SD cards)

I had the HTC Incredible for about 2.5 weeks, it worked GREAT as a smart device, but it consistently dropped calls. Also, the battery life was miserable, I got about 1/2 day before it went into cardiac arrest. While it was working with WI-FI, it was extremely fast, the interface was lovely, there were many great apps, some better that the iPhone, some not so much. At any rate, as a consultant, I could not live with a phone that dropped calls whenever I was in a building. I NEVER had a phone call in a building that did not either drop or get so broken up that I had to walk outside to hear the caller. This is unusable. I went to several forums and found that it was not an isolated problem. Most users were having battery problems, and many had poor reception.If I wanted a phone that dropped calls but had a pretty interface, I would have gotten an iPhone. My previous (and now current) phone was/is a Blackberry Curve 8330 which NEVER drops calls, and the battery lasts for at least 1.5 - 2 days with some apps running in the background. I don't love that phone, but I NEED a reliable phone. BTW, my wife has a Moto Droid, which does NOT suffer from these problems. Her phone gets over a day on a charge, and the reception is quite good indoors. I'm in wait-n-see mode here. Maybe the Samsung in August...I gave my HTC Incredible back to Verizon before the 30 day limit and I am glad I did (although I think a restocking fee for a defective device sucks). I did not think I would be relieved to be back to my Blackberry Curve, but such is life.Let's remember here, if I just wanted the apps, I could use an iPod Touch. I want a smart phone, and this one is not ready for prime time.

HTC IncredibleOne of the better Verizon Android phone available (if you can get your hand on one of em). Screen is nice and bright (AMOLED), software is fast and responsive, thanks to 1GHZ processor and 748MB of ROM. Eight megapixel camera and dual LED flash is nice, but the quality of pictures were not impressive. 8GB of storage is decent. Battery life could've been better. The exposed camera lense in the rear is a major design flaw, it will be a scratch magnet. For mobile data hogs, Verizon offers unlimited data plan, which makes this phone a better buy when compared to smartphones (iPhone) on AT&T;'s 2GB data limit.

This is the smartphone I thought I was waiting for. I love the smart part, the Android 2.1 OS and the size (though slightly large for pocket comfort) is good. But as a phone it completely missed the mark. More than half the calls have poor voice quality. The sound is choppy, breaking mid syllable and sometimes clipping complete words. I have to ask people to repeat themselves regularly and at times it is so bad that I need to call them back from a land line. It's ridiculous. This is probably the tenth cell phone I've had (going back to the analog days) and without a doubt the worst voice quality.Verizon replaced the first one, but the second one has the same troubles. Apparently this problem doesn't plague all of the phones, but the two I got were so unpleasant to use that I am taking advantage of the 30 day return policy.I spoke with HTC twice about this and both times I was told this was the first they ever heard about it. I think that is crock of sh**. Voice quality, battery life, and low signal strength are the top complaints about the Incredible on the forums. There are even threads on the HTC community website about voice quality. Certainly HTC monitors it's own web forum. I suspect HTC may have pushed out a not-ready-for-prime-time device.If you don't need a telephone or get lucky on the phone that arrives, this may be the one for you. I need mine to a phone first. This has also put me off HTC, deserved or not.I suggest you check some of the web forums before you commit to this one. You are not going to get straight answers from Verizon or HTC in my opinion.[...]

1. Android + HTC Sense shows 7 home screens per scene (and multiple scenes) that are highly and easily customizable.  More information displayed right on the page.2. Use of Widgets (more information displaced on the page/icon) that are easily customizable. You can put email widget, weather widget, contact widget... on your home screens.  You don't need to click on an icon to see what is in there.  Information is shown right on the widget.  iphone/iOS still gives you a whole bunch of icons.3. Easy file transfer between phone and other devices (e.g., computer).  No more painful itune transfer.  By comparison, iphone/iOS is intentionally designed like an information blackhole -- stuff goes in (slowly) and downright difficult to get out.4. 8 GB internal memory + removable micro SD card support.5. When plugged into a computer, it shows up as an external drive.6. Free Google Navigation (with voice guide).7. Google Street View support!8. Integration with Google Gmail, calendar, contacts, documents, etc. (if you use them)9. Removable battery (you can buy more batteries or higher-capacity batteries to extend use time).10. Live wallpapers (e.g., you can put maps and traffic on the wallpaper)11. No constant and insufferable and slow itune and ios updates.12. More...Well, although iphone/iOS is better as a MP3 and podcast player (but not that much better), you can just get an ipod touch!  When your iphone broke, your ipod would still work.  :)

I've been on Verizon for awhile, and have loved their service...but I've always been let down by their phone selection. Many of my friends and relatives have the Iphone and AT&T and I've wanted to phone that has the Iphone's functionality, but not the awful service. I love this phone...It's got the apps. It's got the 3G coverage. And it's got the customization options that Apple's Iphone can't touch. Android is great. HTC sense UI is great. Can't say enough about this phone. Now, the battery life leaves a little to be desired, but it'll still get through you a day easy. And i'm sure there will be some good 3rd party batteries soon.

This is hands down my favorite cell phone I've ever owned.  The layout and controls are intuitive, well designed, and easy to use.  The digital camera and video recording are superb.  The mp3 management and playback are on par with my ipod.  The google maps GPS can't be beat.  The phone allowed me to ditch my:IpodFlip camGarmin GPSGarmin 305 hand held gpsDigital cameraI had the motodroid for 4 days before returning it for this phone, I make the same recommendation to everyone I talk to.  Bravo to HTC.

Amazon stated they would deliver this phone faster than I could get it thru Verizon store.They did, and got it in time for vacation. This is my first smart phone and it was so easy to learn how to use it. Recommend this phone to everyone!! My kids were impressed when they saw the apps and what it can do. For once I have out done my kids. Used the Google map feature on vacation (a lot). My husband got where he would not even look at his map. He would just ask 'where am I? and where do I need to go?' when he got lost. The internet access, facebook, weather...what can I say...I love it all!!! Would not take a trip without it now. Would recommend new HTC smart phone users to go on the internet and watch the videos on the phone. That is the best way to learn what apps you want to use. Would only load the apps that you really need.

Do not read anything about the cons, this phone is very easy to setup especially the email, it will import all your contacts into your phone from any email address that you setup, contacts are easy to make and delete out, just hold down and you can edit or delete.  The phone is very very fast, especially the web browser, it is very easy to type and very responsive, the only annoying thing is the auto fill when you are texting, but you can click the word and it will remember it for next time. The only annoying thing about the phone is the smudges, go get a screen protector and your problem is solved.  This is the fastest phone out on the market and I love going to websites that have flash, they show up perfectly.The market place is getting better, go get a task killing app or you will drain the battery, I have had the phone for 3 days now and it was very easy to pick up from the beginning you program the phone to the time you make a phone call.

Ok so I'm giving this device 5 starts but its no where near a perfect, but probably closer than any other device on the market today, in my opinion.My opinion is slightly biased however.  This is the first real nice phone I have ever owned.  Im 26 and have had 2 phones my whole life but I finally decided to treat my self to something nice.Anyway.. on to what I like about this device.  Its more aesthetically appealing than any other phone on the market.  It has one of much nicer screens.  The camera is top notch for a phone camera.  The camera is far from perfect but again for a phone camera its hard to compete with it.  The speaker is amazing.  Much louder than my friend's iPhone4.  I could go on and on but I dont really want to get into all the technical stuff because im no expert.People are going to say the Droid X is better but really I think it all comes down to personally preference.So far the only con about the phone is the battery life.  But everyone already knows this.  There are small things you can do to improve the life but even still it's not all that great.  8 Hours for me but im constantly using the web, chatting on IM, etc.

This phone was Verizon's iPhone-killer when it came out, and it's easy to see why.  It is just as fast as the iPhone, almost as easy to use, more flexible, has just as many apps, has a larger screen... and runs on the Verizon network.Call quality is amazing and the phone holds a decent signal.  The battery is removable/replaceable and the phone's storage can be upgraded.  The Incredible has a 1GHz Snapdragon processor (which means it's more than fast enough for whatever you throw at it) and will most likely receive an update to Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) this summer.  Yes, HTC put Sense (a skin on top of Android) on the phone, but Sense is actually pretty good.  It doesn't slow the phone down, adds useful features, and only delays the update process a few months.This phone's virtual keyboard is great, and others are available if you prefer Swype, speech-to-text, or any other type of keyboard.  The Incredible has every Google application available for it, from Gmail to Google Translate and Google Voice.  Free turn-by-turn naviagtion, a great camera, visual voicemail, and any other feature that you can come up with are all part of the package.You won't be disappointed with this phone, and if you can get it for a cent, even better!  The iPhone 4 is $200 on contract, but this phone is practically free?  Sounds like a no-brainer to me.

We purchased two droids with high hopes. My husband loves his. I do not. After going back everyday for a week to Verizon they are telling me that my finger tempature is to high and doesn't work well with the touchscreen pad. Funny I'm typing this on my new IPad.  I'm taking back my droid and I've already gone back to my Blackberry.  Bummer. Very disappointedSad in LA

I waited a while to get a smartphone, and I'm happy I did.  Well designed and great performance, vastly better than an iPhone.  I give apple credit for changing the way phones were built, but they have been bettered.  My only gripe is battery performance, just ordered the Seidio Innocell 1750 mAh Battery.

My husband & I ordered 2 HTC Incredible phones from Verizon because it was about $50 cheaper than doing it from Verizon or Wirefly. Even tho it u r buying it thru Verizon Wireless, they are really just subcontracting with Verizon so I must put a disclaimer that all my issues I had were with Verizon & with HTC not making sure that they phones worked properly before they were released (which was a huge problem with these phones & caused them to be quasi-recalled).I have to say on the positive side, even tho the phone came about 2 weeks later than it originally said it would, I still got it 2 MONTHS faster than I would have it I purchased it directly from Verizon. Unfortunately, the reason Verizon sold out so quickly & didn't get any phones in for such a long time was bc they had problems with the phone. I got my phones much, much sooner, but then I got phones with MAJOR problems.They had very, very poor signal quality & were constantly dropping calls. One day alone I counted over 20 dropped calls before I became so angry & just shut the stupid phone off. Both my husband & I had to argue & argue & argue with Verizon to get new phones. We had to first go thru their protocall to make sure it's our phones & not something else. We went thru that which was a huge pain bc our phones were wiped out like 4 times & u have reload programs, contacts, etc. Also, we were told at 2 different Verizon stores they couldn't handle fixing the problem so call tech support. Call tech support & the say take it into the store! It took us 6 weeks due to all of this running around for them to determine the problems were with our phones & not their system. However, they have a 30 day return policy. We were sooo upset at first bc they were not going to replace our phones bc it was beyond the 30 day warranty & they couldn't get their money back from the manufacturer now & it would come out of their (Verizon) own pocket. However, they had it all documented that we had problems from the beginning & did exactly what they said to do & that caused it to go beyond the 30 day period. Finally, after going round & round we got new phones which work much better, but still have poor signal quality & sometimes drop phone calls. I'm an attorney & used to dealing with difficult situations & people, but this whole experience was really bad.It's so frustrating when u pay $230 per month & u can't even use the dog gone phone. We don't have a land line either so it was not fun when we had no phone services at all. We were with US Cellular for almost 20 years before this & never, ever had these problems, tho we had normal flip phones, not smart phones.  Never thought we would miss the days of being with US Cellular b/c when we were with them we weren't too happy with some problems we had & the fact that they have squat for phones. Now those problems seem so insignificant. If only we had known... :(

I have been hoping Amazon will get the Droid X. Hopefully soon they will have it.  The droid x is the same price currently for the Incredible, why buy the step down when you could get the X.

I'll spare you a long diatribe here:What I like: Size, EXCELLENT screen, very cool apps to download - many excellent free ones.What I don't like:  Spotty reception/coverage (esp. for BOSTON), apps often fail to connect or have connection issues, extremely short battery life, confusing contact database.I think it's a neat toy, but still has a way to go.  Lots to play with here - many apps and games that will help kill that battery life.  For something considered more of a computer than a cell phone, the battery life just doesn't live up to snuff.  Still, it's one of the more nicely designed and fun cell phones / smartphones out there.  If you're with Verizon - definitely get this - just don't expect miracles.------------* Update 5/2011: Battery life stinks.  Have had to buy a replacement, bigger battery.  Market app stopped working, and it's the app you need to GET apps, so, I'm screwed.  I hate this phone.  The signal is sluggish - it will drop to 1 bar or no bars in a heartbeat.  Thank god the iphone exists on Verizon so I can get that now!!!!

This phone is great. I've had it for a month now and love it. The Android operating system is great. I love how you can sync your google contacts and the amount of apps available for the phone. The speed is amazing! Very few application have any "loading" period and there is never any lag. It does get hot when charging sometimes, but it doesnt really matter to me. I am officially sold on DROID Incredible

This is a bad a$$ phone. I see a lot of the top phones from the folks I work with, and this one beats them all. Better than iPhone, better than Droid. It's slim but feels very solid in your hand. Great camera. I love Sense 2.1 - lots of great features. If you use many Google services/apps, like gmail, calendar, picasa, and Google Voice, you're going to love the tight integration. GV setup was easy, and painlessly leads you through changing your carrier voicemail over to it - very impressed. Some people want to complain about the littlest things, I think they're really reaching. I looked at several top-shelf phones and passed on them all. This one earns it's name!

This is the best phone by far. I love how its set up. There are so many apps just like the Iphone but better, plus the signal coverage is tremendous. The battery could be better but with the battery saver app it gives me 2 extra hours of battery. The 8 megapixel camera takes amazing photos and lets you upload them straight to your favorite website. The calling feature, in my opinion, could be better but is not bad. Messaging is a blast! the qwerety touch keyboard is easy to use, has word prediction, spell check, and the calabration tool makes it even easier for my giant fingers. If youre thinking about buying it DO IT! you will not regret it!

I have owned the Incredible since the day that it was released, April 29, 2010. I was unhappy at first, because I had to pay $30 extra a month and the phone was initially very hard for me to get used to using. However, after the first day or two, I learned how to use the phone and I now greatly appreciate it when I am on the road. I have always used my Mac Pro for not only my photography business' photoshop, etc, but also for internet and scheduling. Now, I use the Incredible for almost everything on the internet and I can access the internet when I am on the road. So, when I have a client calling me, I can do research if I have to and I can check my schedule without having to call my secretary. Any updates that I make or my secretary makes to my schedule are almost immediately synchronized with my Gmail calendar on the phone and any other device that has access to the calendar. This is possibly my most favorite feature!My only ongoing complaint with the phone is its dreadful battery life. This is due a lot to how often I use the phone; it is never in standby for more than 30 minutes and I usually am using it every 15 minutes or so for something. Anyone buying this phone will probably be using it as much as I am or close thereto. I go through three batteries a day on average! I have to keep it plugged in continuously. Batteries are $60 for this phone, on Amazon! That is the extended battery, though. It is about 35% more powerful. Furthermore, I find it frustrating that there are only a handful of accessories available for this phone right now. But, these are all little trifles compared to the big picture: this phone is absolutely amazing and perfect in almost every way. I recommend this phone to every businessman or anyone in need of internet on a regular basis. Do NOT be deterred by its lack of battery life, etc. Its benefits FAR outweigh its drawbacks!!P.s. I found an 1100 mAh battery for the HTC Eris that should work fine with the Incredible. It is only 1100 mAh, but it is also only $9!! I have ordered one already, I recommend looking at it. If it works for me, I will order three more of the batteries! HTC Eris uses the same battery that the Incredible does. The extended battery is not the same, though (I mean the EXTERNAL extended battery)!

This phone was my first smartphone, in my openion if a smartphone can't perform as a good phone, i.ein making a good phone call then there is no need to get one.  I tested many smartphones in the Verizon Wireless store and thisHTC Incredible was one of the few than can make a good clear phone call. Now regarding the smartphone features, the screen is veryresponsive to the user, I did wish though the text font size can be changed to make the Text bigger size, however there is no way inAndroid or the phone settings to do that, however there are some apps in the Market to do that. The Battery life could be made betterI did purchades the extended 1750 mh Battery and also I did some change in the settings to conserve the Battery:1- Get an app such as the Juice Defender (Free) to control the Background Update.2- Turn off the BlueTooth and WiFi, if not using it.3- Turn Off GPS Services when not in use.4- Reduce Screen Brigthness in the settings.5- Turn off Background sync updates in the settings, THIS ONE WILL HAVE A BIG IMPACT ON BATTERY LIFE. And if you need to check somethingslike email or something you can turn it on.Using the above settings. and when using the phone for 12 hours making phone calls and emails check and some internet use, the Battery will be still left withabout 60 % charge left after 12 hours. Using the battery that came with the phone and with similar use the battery will be 40% charge left.Couple of points though if this is your first smartphone using Android OS, when setting Gmail the first Gmail acount you setup will be used by the phone and you will not be able to remove or change this email untill you Reset the phone to the factory default state, and also when you setup the first Gmail or any other Gmailaccount, it will not be username/password protected, i.e if other person played with your phone he/she can read your Gmail emails, there are 2 ways to protect yourphone using a password:1- You can set a password in the settings, so when the phone is locked and after unlocking it you have to enter a password, however the nice thing thoughif the phone is locked and password protected and you got a phone call, then you need only to unlock the phone without entring a password to answer the phonecall, but you will not be able make a phone call unless you enter the password, you can make an emergency phone call when the phone is password protected.2- You can protected a selected number of apps installed in the phone, by using an app from the Market, I used the "App Protecter" for 1.99 so ifprotect the Gmail app, then when you select the Gmail app then you have to enter a password, any app installed in the phone ca be protected with the samepassword, and you can any time remove the protection from a given app.The phone camera is pretty good compared to other phones I used in the past.You can connect the phone to a pc and copy files to/from the sd card (2GB) I am planning to get an 8 GB SD card so it can fit all the data files and mp3 files.I still didn't have time to try all the apps/features for the phone yet, but the phone is a good phone and also HTC Tech support is one of the best tech supportI dealt with, when you call them for help about anything about the phone they really try their best to help you and solve the problem.

I've had the Droid Incredible since the day it was released in April 2010, and after many months of constant use, I can honestly say that this is the best phone I've ever had.I primarily use the phone for texting and voice calls.  The texting interface is intuitive and pretty much what you'd expect.  Unlike many smart phones I've had in the recent past (especially Blackberry), the phone works great as an actual phone when talking to people.  Call volume is loud and clear, and the person I'm talking to on the other end has no issues hearing my voice as well.Internet is fast, provided you live in an area with 3G coverage.  I don't have too many apps on my phone, but most of the popular ones are available, though it's not nearly as extensive as on an Apple product (yet).The android system is intuitive and reliable.  I've never had my phone lock up or freeze requiring a reboot.Unlike many other reviewers on here, I've had a great experience with the screen.  In over 8 months of use, I don't have a single scratch on the glass screen, and I've never used a screen protector or a case.  If you take reasonably good care of your phone and don't toss it around in the sand, then you should be fine.  My lifestyle is probably quite different from the people on here who have jacked up their screens; I'm an overtly clean person, but realize that there are a lot of filthy dirtbags out there.Battery life could be better, but is more than adequate.  I'm a light to moderate user.  With data always on, wifi on or off depending on where I am, and GPS off, my phone typically goes from 7 AM to midnight with 70% of the battery remaining at the end of the day (or 30% battery usage).  When I travel overseas, I use the 2100 Verizon brand extended battery, which makes the phone a bit bulky but provides several more hours of juice.The reason why I feel compelled to write this review nearly 9 months after the phone's release and on the verge of the Verizon iPhone is because I realized recently that this is the first time I've had a smartphone that causes me no headaches and distress whatsoever.  Yes, there are some things that could be a bit better, but overall this is an excellent device that works reliably and is great for those of us who still want a phone that works well as an actual phone.  2 thumbs up.

I have had no bad experiences with this phone with he exception of the one time the HTC sense forced closed on me but with a quick reboot the phone was back and working in no time :D this phone is great and I would buy it again in a heart beat!

I purchased this phone from Amazon about a month ago and couldn't be happier. Reception and transmission is great. The graphics are crisp and clear and calls can be made from Wi-Fi with 3G  turned off. I purchased the Seidio 3500 MAH extended battery which helps immensely in terms of battery life. Turning off the non essential uses helps me to go two or three days without charging, depending on how much surfing I do. The phone has a couple of draw backs. The virtual keyboard is tiny and a PITA for a texter or intensive user. I would recommend the SWYPE keyboard for extensive use. Still, all in all it is fine for short e-mails. The camera, as others have noted, is not great. It takes a lot of experience to start getting decent photos out of it. Still not bad for the occasional snapper. One of the phone's high points for me is its compact size. I do not need or want a huge screen. I prefer the Incredibles compact size. The graphics are so crisp that the 3.7" screen is fine, and my eyes are not 20/20. Lots of APPs are available on Market for it and it seems to handle the ones I have downloaded very well so far. The phone is a dream to customize for those who wish to root the device or do other customizations. I also purchased the Seidio holster which provides great screen protection and attaches nicely to your belt. The Incredible will do nicely for me for a couple of years until 4G gets more fully established in my area. This is a fine device and the Amazon price cannot be beat.

The battery life is terrible when compared to iPhone. Apps are limited too. But the price is definitely more attractive.

HTC DROID INCREDIBLE I was a loyal ATT cell phone customer for the last eight yrs. And ATT stopped being the kind of phone service that would give me what I wanted. My wife has been a Verizon customer for a few yrs. And would always tell me about Verizon, the service and just how good the company was... I decided to try Verizon because it had the phone I wanted. HTC Incredible, I had a HTC PURE for the last two yrs. and knew how good HTC's are. HTC Incredible DROID is every thing I had read about, a user friendly type phone the market apps is great and the speaker mic for texting, looking up websites, E-Mail, is great, the camera is very simple to use and great pictures. I very happy with this phone...Thanks for asking

Why buy the phone your friends have?  You'll want to be able to ask them how to do stuff!! They'll tell you in a fraction of the time it will take you to hunt through sparse documentation and poorly written material. Example: You have a yahoo mail account and want to synchronize the address book with the droid phone contacts. Good luck if your friends have iPhone's or Blackberry's. Wouldn't you rather be skiing on your day off?

I am most likely going to trade in my Incredible for the Driod X (as soon as one becomes available that is) however I am doing this for purely personal & impatient reasons rather than because the phone is not up to what I had hoped. I have (secretly) wanted an Android device for several months now having originally started my smartphone experience with a Palm Treo 650 (at the time I LOVED that phone), I upgraded to the 700p and subsequently the 755p before making the HUGE leap to another OS altogether with my first Blackberry, a Bold using AT&T.; While I had viewed most BB users as arrogant A-Holes (for the most part, entirely unjustified of course) I reluctantly began to not only like the BB platform, but slowly I came to prefer it. I still maintain that BB's are NOT as out-of-the-box user-friendly as ANY of the ancient Palm devices, but I really appreciated what it COULD do that my Palm couldn't.I became--again, quite reluctantly--a power Blackberry user. Unfortunately I was attached to the abysmal AT&T; service, which has almost a universal bad rep for spotty (at best) service. They brag (and brag and brag...) about having the 'Nations Fastest 3G Service', which may be true--however what GOOD is it when your phone cannot receive a signal in the same location where my wife's Verizon BB Curve had 3G service?? I'll take reliable connection over spotty and fast 3G service ANY day. Long story short, I had to trade my phone in and without having to explain WHY, I was given a Windows Mobile Tilt 2 as a replacement (not MY choice--it was a promotional thing which I had zero control over). This proved to be without a doubt, the WORST phone I have ever used or even heard of. I applaud HTC's design, the phone itself was very nice (although it WAS amazingly heavy--easily the heaviest I have ever owned, by quite a large margin, too)...what I did NOT like was the HUGELY unreliable Windows Mobile platform. My phone froze on me multiple times per day and I couldn't wait to get rid of it. I went back to BB only this time I finally signed onto Verizon and LOVED my Tour.I decided it was time to upgrade and while I LIKE the iPhones, I have serious issues with Apple in particular and how they have twisted so many people into thinking their devices are superior 'Just 'Cuz' they're made by Apple, thereby also making the owners superior as well. While my initial thoughts of BB owners, once upon a time was unjustified, I have to say that my opinions of the vast majority of iPhone owners I have run into have been pretty much right on the money: arrogant A-Holes. Sorry, but its true--not ALL of them, mind you, just those I seem to run into, apparently.I have been eyeing the Droid X for quite some time, but the wait to get one seemed impossibly long. I went ahead and got the Incredible based on several comments by the Verizon employee assuring me that other than screen size, the Incredible was its equal. She insisted it came pre-loaded with a 16gb SD card--it did not (2gb) and also had the 2.2 Froyo update as well--it does not, at least not yet. Based on this information, knowing that along with 2.2 the Incredible is supposed to have mini WiFi hotspot capabilities as well as HD video recording, I went ahead and got one all the while in the back of my mind knowing that if I didn't like it, I could always bring it back within 30 days. Sure 'nuff, no 2.2 OR 16gb card, which really pissed me off. How is it the employee (a manager no less) would NOT know this? Honestly I think she was just seeing a guaranteed sale and put on her Used Car Salesman sportcoat and said whatever I wanted to hear in order to make a quick sell.With that being said, the Incredible really IS a fantastic phone. Honestly, with the amount of texting I do just between my wife and children and me, the Speech-To-Text feature is worth the cost alone. While not 100% accurate and good for pretty much just short comments, using it while driving is a LIFE saver--literally, and I am NOT endorsing texting while driving, mind you. Its SO simple, instead of playing around with the 'virtual keyboard' which is hard enough to use--and downright stupid to do while driving. I still believe that driving and using a cell phone is stupid, which is why I believe this feature to be so great. The number of apps I have found are amazing...and best of all: most are FREE. Sure you'll find more than twice the number of apps available for the iPhone, but come on, seriously, how many apps do we NEED?? It took me over an hour to just browse a small fraction and I found more than what I will ever use in that time. If you prefer iPhones and their apps, that is fine, I'm just saying you can find JUST as many really useful apps for Android devices and much, MUCH more free apps than you will ever see available for iPhones, iPads and whatnot. As new as the Android platform is, to have as many apps available as it does clearly puts it ahead of how far apples app store was at in the same time frame.The live wallpaper is just awesome. Its entirely useless I'll admit, but amazingly cool nevertheless. I really like how I can customize my phone however I see fit. I really like the fact that whenever I see fit, I can change my phone any way I want. Just cool. The touch screen is very responsive--almost too responsive--and you'd have to experience it to understand I guess. The optical track pad is a nice addition, especially for the times when I want to edit on the screen but my fingers were too big (another reason I want an X), however if there is a way to adjust the sensitivity of the pad, I couldn't find it, and I wish I could. Also, when looking up a contact, I couldn't immediately pull up an on-screen keyboard in order to begin a text, which was a bit frustrating, especially if alphabetically their name was far down on my list...it took that much longer to get TO the contact. If there is an easy way around this, someone please let me know. Having the weather on the main screen with the ability to update whenever I want is convenient, and unlike the same similar feature that was included on my old HTC Tilt 2, this one automatically grabs the weather from the area closest to where its receiving your signal from--all without you asking. I suppose you can pick from different cities, but as a general rule, I only want to know what the weather is like where I currently am, so I am perfectly satisfied with this feature as is.The camera takes rather great pics--so far the best I've personally seen from a camera. Unfortunately as is normal for cell phones, as soon as it becomes dark, your ability to take better pics becomes dramatically reduced. Lets just say, for everyday point-and-shoot situations in decent light, this camera is a pretty good substitute for your regular digital camera. The photos--while 8MP in resolution, as we've all seen thanks to the fantastic processing on the iPhone 4's 5MP camera, more does not necessarily mean better. This is one area where the iPhone truly does excell ahead of all major phones available at the moment, although that probably will change here within the year I would imagine.For a phone with a 1Gig processor, switching between texting chats certainly can take up to 5-6 seconds before it opens up the screen, which I just did not expect. Most everything else is as quick as I've been hearing from other users, but to open a chat log in texts takes MUCH more time than I expected, and to be honest, longer than my 2 year old BB Tour did. However, in every OTHER way it is blazing fast...especially with the internet. Coming from a BB which, as we ALL know has just about the worst browser available on a hand-held device, man I gotta tell you I felt like I was connected to DSL speeds like my home computer...and while that comparison is mighty generous, it really isn't all that far off the mark. Pages load incredibly fast with this browser, which I put on par with the iPhone in EVERY way--and once this receives update 2.2 it'll blow it out of the water...literally.The screen is, well, wonderfully vivid and easily the best I have owned (thus far). Pictures are crisp, clear and detail is always easily projected. I have only seen an iPhone 4 briefly, and while everyone seems to universally praise it for having the best screen available to any smartphone at the moment, I think you'd have to have beyond normal vision to be able to look at one and say with absolute certainty that you can clearly see a major difference between one and the other. Seriously, phone pixel density is becoming so good these days that almost nobody can honestly see a measurable difference. I'm not saying you CANNOT see one, but I AM saying that what difference there is, well, has to be a minor one at best. I am 100% certain however, that there will be apple fans who cannot help but disagree vigorously, and while my eyesight isn't what it used to be, its good enough to say this with confidence. I am NOT knocking the iPhone here at all, either. It has an amazingly clear, crisp and vibrant screen. I just think the gap between that and the incredibles screen is closing rather quickly, thats all.Battery life is lacking to say the least. This is one place where the iPhone not only is the clear winner, but knocks one outta the park in comparison. Supposedly with 2.2 battery life will increase dramatically, but until I get that update, it pays to purchase a car charger and never be very far away from an outlet, either. Honestly, the battery life is dismal--at best...and I have worked hard to organize my phone in such a way that I use only what is necessary. I dim the screen, don't use bluetooth or WiFi hardly at all and even just sitting on my desk it saps the battery down noticeably in a short amount of time. Sorry, but this is ridiculous, especially knowing that the Droid X with a MUCH larger screen has a great deal better battery life than my smaller one...? This is one area where I believe the Incredible doesn't just do poorly, it downright fails--and is my ONLY major gripe about this device.Call quality seems good to excellent. Speaker volume was exceptional. Love the app Market for Android. My wife and I were wondering where to go for dinner, and within 90 seconds, I had found an app to help me find a place to eat, downloaded it and received directions on my screen. Amazing. While we were at dinner, I downloaded Flixter (for free), found the closest theater, and even watched a theatrical trailer for the movie we wanted to see, all within about 90 seconds. Sorry, but this is one way in which the Android platform is not just better, but head & shoulders superior to iPhone and the slow & clunky way you have to access their app store. Again, if you are okay with this, then fine. I happen to like doing things this way, personally.All in all, I have to say that this phone is purely awesome, and such a leap ahead of my BB that words hardly can describe. The ONLY area in which BB's STILL continue to dominate is in push e-mail delivery, regardless of where your email comes from. I still can't help but wonder why no other carrier or manufacturer after ALL this time, still cannot mimic the push email with the same ease of set-up and swift delivery that BB has delivered for YEARS. Oh well, that is--in MY opinion--the ONLY place where android suffers. While the calendar application isn't as polished as say my ancient Palm Treo was (face it, Palm RULED when it came to organizing schedules, which is what it was originally designed to handle), but what I have is certainly workable, and I'm absolutely certain that right now if I looked hard enough, I could find a FREE calendar app to download that would give me everything I need...heck, maybe I'll run and fetch that right now...and thankfully because I am not tied down to my home computer with iTunes, I can download it on the fly wherever I am as long as I have a decent connection--which, thanks to Verizon is just about everywhere I plan to go.Before I get hateful responses, let me say this: clearly apple manufactures an amazing product in the iPhone. I find it interesting that literally out of nowhere, when it debuted, the iPhone instantly became the phone to beat. Just look at all the smartphones available today, they are ALL judged by the iPhone standard and almost no other. When a new phone comes out, they almost always are compared to the iPhone--and there is good reason for this. Some like everything about apple, Steve Jobs and all that goes with it. Face it, Steve has done an amazing job--like him or not, thats just a fact. With the iPhone 4's reception issues aside, it is clearly still the phone to beat out there. Has Android made a better platform than iOS? Yes & No. In some ways I believe the Android OS is clearly superior and in some ways the iPhone is. At this moment, it basically comes down mostly to what you personally prefer (unless you aren't a fan of AT&T;). If I weren't on Verizon and I lived elsewhere I probably would own an iPhone myself--but having been ON the AT&T; service for a little over a year, I can say that at least in the area that I live, it isn't an option because their coverage is so poor. But when it comes to comparing one phone to another, you need to do your research and go with what you personally like, and if thats an iPhone, good, if its something else? Fine. Do what YOU want, and don't let anyone tell you differently.I think that if you are a fan of the android OS then you cannot go wrong with the Incredible...unfortunately, without my reading glasses, I need the X in order to fully explore everything my phone is capable of...and admitting that is certainly not a simple thing to do in my case.***UPDATE***After using the phone for over a week now, I am STILL impressed as I (im)patiently wait for the next stock of Droid X's to arrive. One additional thing I really like about the HTC Sense UI that I believe is not available on the X (however I am NOT 100% sure of this) is how I access the calendar, choose a specific date, and as long as it isn't too far ahead, at the bottom of the screen will be the weather prediction for that day. While I don't put an aweful lot of faith in the typical meteorologists ability to accurately predict anything beyond 36 hours at best, it still is a pretty nifty feature to have.One thing I found weird was that the phone did NOT come with a full user manual. It DID come with a Tips & Tricks booklet, but that essentially is good for just unboxing the phone for the first time & getting it started. I downloaded the manual from the internet, but again, the script was small enough that reading it and scrolling from one page to the next to find what I wanted was a bit too inconvenient for me to want to rely on it for very long. I'll stick to reading about it on a PDF on my home PC.If I had to add a small-but significant gripe, the charging light, which also doubles as a blinking alert when you receive a text or email is quite a bit smaller and much harder to see than on my old BB. I wish that while it was charging that it could still somehow alert you to a new message, but unless you feel & hear it vibrate, tough luck. To the left of the Verizon logo just underneath the speaker in front I can make out an alert light of some kind, but I have no idea what it is for. It hasn't gone off once since I have used my phone and haven't found what its purpose is for in the manual, either. I suppose I'll keep looking it up til I find out.Its nice to receive alerts to new updates for specific apps I've installed...and I never went looking to see if they had updated, I just received the notice overnight and gave me the choice to update if I wanted. STILL waiting on the update to Froyo 2.2 but I suppose I'll just have to wait that one out. Verizon confirmed that the update was ready and they started sending them out wirelessly as of Friday August 27th, but they were doing it region-by-region and I am pretty sure that the higher populated areas will get theirs first and soforth (meaning I'll get it last more than likely). I found where I could manually download from google direct the update, but I have read too many stories of how the phone didn't work properly if done even slightly incorrect to even a few horror stories that afterwards the phone ended up bricked as a result of missing a step or not doing everything literally EXACT. As much as I want better battery life--which apparently seems to be one of the many by-products for the Incredible while using 2.2--I'm gonna wait 'til it arrives from Verizon directly. I just hope it doesn't take much longer.***UPDATE #2***Woke up this morning with a notice saying Froyo 2.2 HAD arrived. The OTA update took maybe 7-8 mins and I lost no data--which seems to be an issue, or at least a worry of some Incredible owners. I have noticed a few new perks right up front: 1 new live wallpaper (the background that we always see on the Nexus 1), an app for mobile hotspot and faster internet browser...it isn't THAT much faster because, lets face it: it was already pretty dang fast. The dInc already had Flash Lite, so haven't had time to mess with other websites sportin' Flash just yet, but I will.I noticed that the texting threads look a bit different, and the SEND button is no longer there...it has been replaced with an icon that I wasn't too sure what it did--at first. While it isn't a big deal, especially since I figured out how to send my texts once ready, I gotta wonder why they would get rid of such an obvious button like SEND? Weird.So far battery life is dramatically improved with the new update. Normally between waking up and arriving to work my battery will have noticeably drained, but not nearly to the same degree now. My phone also seems faster to respond going from task, to task. I hope this isn't wishful thinking. Yesterday I found a Direct Message shortcut to texting so I don't experience the MAJOR 6-7 second lag (it got worse) it would take to open up a single threaded text message...which had to be my BIGGEST complaint against the phone. Finding a way around it was absolute pure bliss to be honest.As another reviewer noted, I suppose the only real drawback to owning an android phone is how UN-Productive you can be become because of spending so much time playing with the darned thing. Seriously, it seems that daily I find a new and really cool new thing it can do. I haven't been this happy with an electronic device since--well, since, I guess I've never BEEN this excited before because I've never owned anything that can do as much as it can--and I haven't even scratched the surface of what its full potential is.One more thing: I am VERY impressed with how thin the phone is. I know iPhone claims the new model is the thinnest smartphone available, but I'm sorry, but if it is, then it sure isn't by any degree that I can see with the naked eye. I also LOVE the rubberized coating on the back. I know not everyone likes that particular style, but it sure feels comfortable in my hand. I know I am still looking forward to whenever my X will arrive, but it certainly seems that after each day goes by, I contemplate keeping the Incredible more and more. Who knows? I just might hang onto it after all...***UPDATE #3***A few things to point out with the upgrade to Froyo 2.2 on the DInc...I now have additional apps that came with it that CANNOT be deleted--removed, or--it would seem--be able to even stop from running in the background. The Skype app seems to start spontaneously all by itself and even when I force it to stop, every now and then I'll see it start up all by itself. This is inexcuseable to FORCE us to run an app--unless we WANT to. Plain and simple. I love how I can custom organize almost everything about my DInc, but making it so my phone will slow down due to unwanted apps running in the background--and ensure that I won't be able to stop them is not just a problem for HTC, Android and Verizon, but something that I feel will force otherwise BIG fans of the Google service off to something else entirely. In the grand scheme of things, is Skype running in the background THAT big of a deal? Maybe not to everyone, but I guarantee it is a big deal for many--including me. It really upsets me that when I use Task Manager to close specific programs, I find out later that certain apps RE-Started again ALL BY THEMSELVES.Hey Verizon! If you're reading this: FIX IT NOW. Android really IS (IMO) a fantastic OS--however, if you go all Big Brother on us, you're going to find fewer and fewer people attracted to buying your phones. I expect another OTA fix to arrive and correct this monumental blunder soon or I may switch to something else entirely--which is really sad because otherwise I really LOVE this phone.***UPDATE #4***Just found a place to download Swype for my phone. Originally I had found SlideIT in the Marketplace for free--and it is almost identical in every way--except it was just a Demo, and after a few days it expired...and being the amazingly cheap individual that I am, I searched and searched (it DID take awhile) until I found where I could download Swype for free (the Beta Testing was over, dangit!). I had to do a bit of fidgeting to figure it out all the way, but I did it, and now I've got it and I LOVE it. If anyone believes they can text using a real keyboard OR a virtual one faster than using Swype, TRUST me, they are fooling themselves. Swype (or SlideIT if you're willing to pay 'cuz you can't find Swype for free) blows both of them out of the water by a pretty huge margin. I know some believe they CAN text faster using an actual keyboard, but I highly doubt it (ie NO freakin' way).

The stock battery *will* last a day and a half if you use it minimally.However if you like actually using all the features, like listening to music, calling people, checking e-mails, messages, taking photos, etc etc that will eat up a lot of battery; with the stock that may last you 4-7 hours, which falls short of pretty much everyone's day.Buying an extended battery is the way to go, I can now use it how much as I want without worrying about battery life, and it hasn't affected the size and weight of the phone enough to even slightly bother me.This phone takes great photos, the Android Market is finally building up a good collection of apps so you have a lot of useful things to addon to your phone to make it awesomely useful in your life.Some of the things I enjoy using on this phone, most on a daily basis:> Transmits completely wirelessly to a bluetooth adapter, that transmits and FM station that transmits to my car radio.I listen to Pandora, Siruis and my own personal music collection.3G signal is excellent and streams flawlessly, but I'm in a semi-urban area.> 1+hour of phone call usage, *some* breakups are noticed but actually improved over my other phone and I can still understand the other person clearly as well as what they're saying through the occasional intermittent breakups.> Games. Who doesn't love games on their phone when they're waiting and bored out of their mind.Lots of really great and surprising intellectual but fun games in the android market, most are free.> Text messages - as far as I know there's no set limit on texts. I think I have over 500, the default app that comes with this phone is the best and works best for this phone. Other ones, even the popular text messaging apps do not work as well, even though they may have a few more features I found it wasn't worth the switch.-- Very easy to text, easier than my other phones full keypad which was surprising. It autocorrects and tries to guess what you just typed in case you messed up a letter (or all of the letters).Sometimes when I'm not looking at the phone (totally not when I'm driving, that'd just be irresponsible) I just punch around where I think the right letters are. I look down and it looks like a mess, but the phone guesses the correct word, and after I hit the space key, bam- fixed. Perfect, fast texting.> Camera is quite excellent for a phone, and video is as well. Not something you want to shoot a movie in, but for quick snaps of friends or quick vids it's perfect.----Also I would recommend phone owners of this to buy an app that allows you to turn on GPS tracking and track your phone in case it's lost. I have a friend who lost his phone, used the app and it tracked it right to the guys house (actually was a beat down p.o.s. trailer) - police came in, got the phone back (found some other things), problem solved.All in all, the name of this phone suits it well. It was modeled with the iPhone in mind, sure- but android is taking huge leaps and has surpassed Apple in several ways already, though respectively still a few steps behind in other areas.For the things that matter, you can't go wrong with getting this phone.Get a case, screen protector and extended battery.You'll have one outstanding phone that you can organize your life, capture your life, and live your life.Best of all, after the extended battery it truely lasts throughout the entire day.I don't know what I would do without this technology, so many aspects of my life are bundled into it.

I returned the Droid II and got the incredible... I love the incredible and have no regrets.  Exchanging the phone through amazone wireless was a breeze.  I will likely buy my phones off amazon wireless from now on.

This bad boy is not too shabby, unless you want to use it driving.  I know in most states that if you are caught with a cell phone in your hand while driving, its a nice little ticket.  Well, this puppy does not allow you to use the voice-dial via blue tooth, unless the blue tooth has the names and numbers stored on it.  I.E., my car with voice dial, no problem.  My Motorola headset, problem.  I discovered that little tidbit, and called customer support.  They had no idea that you could not use blue tooth voice dial, and said that it would be upgraded soon.  I stated that it has been 2 years since the first Android OS on Verizon, and they still have yet to fix the problem.  I guess I am just nit-picking, but my phone 5 years ago had that ability, and for a $150 ticket, I would rather buy something that costs more but has the blue tooth voice dial.

I had an iPhone and recently got the HTC Incredible. I loved the iPhone but hated AT&T.; But I love the HTC Incredible even better than I loved my iPhone. Here's why.HTC Incredible advantages over iPhone ------------------Verizon - I got rid of my iPhone simply because AT&T; is terrible here in New York. My sister and her husband in Washington DC got an iPhone over Christmas and they complain about the crappy service there too. Verizon is blazing fast, the best service in NYC.Widgets - Surprisingly the iPhone doesn't have widgets. The Incredible has some really cool widgets you can use. Widgets are like icons you can add to home screens, but instead of opening a program, the icon itself will give you info or have some other type of functionality like a a list of contacts or booksmarks you can access directly without opening a program first.Transfer files without iTunes - Whether you like iTunes or not, you are hamstrung using it with the iPhone. With the Incredible, transfer is simple. You connect the phone to your computer and you can copy over files to it.Connect it to as many computers as you want - I can connect to my computer both at home and at work, something you can't do with the iPhone. Apple annoyingly limits you to one computer to update your iPhone.Access the file system - Unlike the iPhone, you can copy, paste and delete files from the internal hard drive. You can also copy files from the hard drive to your computer--or any computer for that matter.Email - E-mail capabilities on the Incredible are better than the iPhone. In addition to global search, you can sort by conversation, sender, date, etc.8 megapixel Camera with flash - The 8 megapixel camera takes beautiful detailed shots, even better than the iPhone's camera, which actually takes really nice photos as long as it's not dark. The iPhone doesn't have a flash. The camera on the Incredible did crash a few times, a but I'm hoping they will work out in later versions. The Incredible camera is also really fast loading.Physical Camera button - The Incredible has a physical camera and video record button that works very well. With the iPhone you need to push a button on the touch screen, kind of annoying sometimes.Faster - The Incredible is blazing fast. There is rarely any lag in switching or loading programs. Very snappy.Mp3 player access without unlocking screen - When you're listening to music and you click the button to turn on the screen, you don't need to unlock the screen to see what music is playing. The iPhone has that as well. But unlike the iPhone, it also has usable back, pause and forward buttons on the locked screen.Editable dictionary - You can see and edit the keyboard dictionary yourself and choose what words you want in it.Send caller to voice mail - If you edit a user's contact, you have an option to always send that user to voice mail if you want. Minor, but kinda cool.Weather on calendar - When you flip through upcoming days on your calendar, it also displays the weather for that day. Pretty sweet.Google maps with layers - Android allows you to add `layers' to your map. For example, you can overlay the NYC MTA subway maps and see the actual subway lines. iPhone can't do that.Super thin - This phone feels thinner than the iPhone, and I think it is in some ways. It certainly fits in my pocket a lot nicer than the Motorola Droid, which felt about 1/3 thicker than the incredible.iPhone advantages over HTC Incredible ------------------Music audio quality - I loaded the same some songs on both the Incredible and the iPhone and listened carefully. The iPhone's music audio quality, without any EQ, is slightly better than the Incredible. It's not bad on the incredible, it just sounds slightly punchier across the audio spectrum on the iPhone. The Incredible does have better sound quality than the Motorola Droid, which I also tested.Equalizer - The iPhone has different equalizer settings. It's poorly implemented and easy to get low-end distortion but at least they have an EQ. No EQ on Android phones. Lame. (See update below)Alerts - I like the way alerts and text messages pop up on the iPhone better than the Android. It feels like you need to dig too much to access new messages on the Incredible.Apps - Of course, the iPhone's app store is far more extensive than the Android's. 95% of the functionality I can still get on the Android, but apps for the Android are almost always made second to iPhone apps if at all.**UPDATE:** There is a great app on the Droid now called PowerAMP. The EQ is fantastic. It's definitely better than the iPhone's built in EQ. It's much more configurable and you can turn down the amp so there's no low-end distortion that you get when you add bass to normal songs on the iPhone. Now, in terms of music quality, I would say the Incredible is as good as the iPhone.

Coming as I was from an old Sony Ericsson, entering the world of smartphones is a little akin to leaving the stone age for the 20th century, all in one step.  The Droid Incredible (DI) is an excellent phone with all the necessary bells and whistles one might expect.  Scheduling, email, SMS, MMS, camera, etc works like a charm.  Build quality of the phone is also excellent, as it fits nicely in my hand and is just the right size for my pocket.Gripes?  I have three.  First is minor.  When dialing the phone, or using the numeric keypad to enter a number, the haptic feedback (the buzz) still works even though I have "haptic feedback" turned off in the settings.  This must be a bug that will probably be fixed in the next update cycle.  Second, waking up the phone is accomplished only by hitting the power button.  Why can't I hit a side/volume button and have the screen wake (but stay very dim) to show me the date, the time, who called, etc?  I don't like the one-button-wake system that's currently installed.  Third, and final, and most of all--battery life.  Be prepared to become a battery hawk like me.  Download some sort of task killer/task manager system, because apps do not always play nicely and shut down when you're done using the app.  Battery life is short--get used to it.  I have yet to get the 1750 maH battery, but I plan to do so very soon.  Last night, I went to bed with just under half the battery left.  The alarm was set to wake me up for work, but when I woke up (in time, fortunately) the phone had shut down for lack of power.  That's not good.  Application power management is a serious concern with this phone, but other than that, I'm very happy with my DI and I'd get the same phone if I had to do it all over again.

as the name suggests, this phone is incredible.  apps, internet, everything is fast fast fast.  in fact, the only downside to this phone is in the software.  the android keyboard needs a bit of work, but the big downer is the pre-installed bloatware that comes with the phone that you CANNOT UNINSTALL.  this is rather shady because some of the apps try to ask for money and someone unfamiliar with all this might confuse it as some verizon related charge.  VERY SHADY.

I love google and spent weeks reading reviews of different smart phone technologies before determining Android running on HTC's Incredible with Verizon would be the right combo for me.  After 15 days of use I am very disappointed. The user interface is rough around the edges.  After using an iPod touch (similar to an iPhone but without the phone) I found the Incredible's text editing capabilities even with HTC's SenseUI not very well thought out and kludgey.  Certain system functions just don't make sense for instance after turning off The Haptic feedback in the system settings (to save battery life) I found many of the application I have installed can override the system settings and continue to use Haptic feedback. A totally worthless application CityID that requires a paid subscription keeps prompting me to enroll and cannot be removed, which I verified with Verizon. And the biggest disappointment for me is that Bluetooth headsets are not fully supported.  You cannot voice dial from a bluetooth headset, you need to go back to the phone, turn on the display, bring up the phone's voice menu, enter the voice command on the phone then switch over to bluetooth to complete the call on the headset. Now doing this while your driving when Verizon and HTC at this time do not offer an Droid Incredible specific car mount is not only a pain but DANGEROUS. Also the phone does not use an OLED display making this phone completely useless outdoors in broad daylight.  Battery life with moderate phone and data usage requires at least one charge halfway through the day. That said, the applications using google's cloud/internet technologies are amazing.  The voice recognition for any text editing including entering GPS navigation info is in my opinion at least 99% accurate.  The ability to say "Navigate to 123 Anystreet New York" (of course using a valid street address) programs the GPS. The voice recognition is great for short SMS messaging. I really want to keep this phone but I am afraid I will have to return it within 30 days as per Verizon's return policy otherwise risking the possibility of getting in a car accident while trying to make a call.

Just got the phone on 5/2/11, and man is this phone packed with great features. Still learning my way around, but from what I have seen so far I am hooked. Just some of the little features that I like: the phone has a flashlight, it also displays a windshield wiper blade in motion when the forecast shows it is raining, and it comes with dozens of cool apps. Do not hesitate.....get the Incredible.

Great looking phone and camera, BUT....Can't use Bluetooth handset for voice dialing (jawbone icon).With this latest and greatest phone you would think it would have this feature standard, but unfortunately not. I called HTC support and they said all their DROIDS aren't capable of this. So what's the point? This is a deal breaker for me. I do a lot of driving so this is a must for hands free. So I guess this puppy is going back and continue using my old and trusty KRAVE. If  anyone has any ideas(besides more apps), please comment.

This phone has caused me more aggravation even than any computer I've ever owned, and that's saying something. I've started more than one friendship through mutual complaints about this horrible, malicious, lazy device. It must be sentient because no inanimate object could be so consistently, incorrigibly, contemptuously defiant. Basically I got it because Verizon is the better service, but I'm beginning to think I'll take the hit in reception and get an iPhone. Be part of the market response to a scam and refuse to buy this insult.

I love this handset. It's like having a small computer at your fingertips.I was a Blackberry Curve user, and was nervous about giving up my keyboard, but I needed a good browser with a larger screen.  What I got is so much more. I am a heavy internet & media user and the phone is unwavering in its response. Fast, sleek & beautiful.  A friend of mine has the HTC Evo, which I found to be too large, and clunky.  The 3.7" screen is just right.The screen vibrates whenever you hit a key, so you have Haptic feedback as you type, which I find extremely helpful. I don't really miss my old keyboard, especially if I type in landscape mode, which gives me more room to be accurate.The battery life - especially the way I use the phone - is really short. 1 - 2 hr when I browse the web, view video & run multiple apps.  However, this is to be expected with the little battery that is included (1300 mAh).  I traded up to a 2150 mAh Lithium Ion battery. which comes with an extruded cover. I prefer it to the original sleek back cover, since I can grip the phone more securely. The added battery powers the handset for at least 4 hrs of multi-use.  I cannot comment on what the battery life would be with just stand-by phone/text usage, since I haven't been able to keep my hand off of it since I got it. The thing just draws you into playing with it.  I can tell you that today, I left it unplugged for 8 hrs, received & made a couple of calls & text messages and still have apprx 3/4 of battery life left, so I think this is acceptable for a small pocket computer.  You can extend the battery life by shutting the screen off when not using it, making sure you don't have many apps running at once (you'd be surprised, many apps continually run, even if not needed), and shutting off bluetooth, wi-fi, GPS when not in use: these are HUGE battery suckers.Standout features:GOOGLE Navigation - amazingly accurate and immediate - these are VOICE directed, turn by turn directions.  Excellent. no lag in my handset.7 Home screens you can customize & flip through or pinch shrink. Great fun customizing & using them.Yes, LIVE wallpaper, (I know, they drain the battery even faster, but they are so pretty...)  which means that your background moves, in my case, I have a fish tank, with fish floating by.Barcode & Q Code scanning - so great for comparison shopping or finding things.  I was in BJs, about to buy a printer, which seemed incredibly priced, but the sale was expiring at end of the day. Instead, I pulled out the Incredible, scanned the barcode, the shopping sites opened up and I found it on Amazon for the same price, free shipping and no sale deadline. Plus I used AMAZON REMEMBER, took a snapshot of it and uploaded it to AMAZON to purchase later.8 mp camera - Need I say more?HD 720 video recording - I know, not yet, but it's included in Android's Froyo 2.2 update, which is being rolled out to the Incredibe as I type. So it's in the horizon.The handset acts a traveling wi-fi hotspot so you can use your iPad, etc. - again not yet, but included in the upcoming Froyo update.FM Radio (you need a corded headset for this one, because it acts as an antenna for the radio.) Can you believe it?  Yes, I still listen to FREE radio.Voice dictation instead of typing, and voice search.I could go on all day, but you get the picture. Besides, I have not yet discovered everything this phone can do, because I have not yet READ THE MANUAL.  Everything I've written about so far, I discovered without turning one page of the manual.  Imagine what I could do with this thing if I actually READ. THE. MANUAL.RECOMMENDATIONS:Get a bigger battery, yes, I know you'll need to install the clunky back, but trust me, it will make the handset easier to hold, and not leave you stranded without power.  I now carry the original battery with me as a a spare.Buy a 16gb (min) micro SDHD card.  Verizon only gives you a 2 gb card which is like spitting in the ocean - it will be used up with a few photos, videos & tunes.Make sure you go through your preferences to store as much data onto the external card, thus saving internal memory for app & phone management & usage.HOW THE HANDSET COULD BE IMPROVED:Dedicated physical buttons to make calls or use camera, it's annoying not to have them.  Maybe one additional, customizeable physical button.Make the screen easily viewable in the sun. Now I have to go to a shady spot to see screen.Include a bigger capacity SDHD card w/purchase.Better battery life.Other than that, I love this thing to distraction.Enjoy,Alp

I got my htc incredible from the verizon store for $435(worth every penny) and I haven't had any major problems other than initial battery life(which seems to get better with time) and the lack of a front side camera. The latter is the only reason I still plan on buying another phone/device. I'm trying to decide between the nexus s and the xoom. Any opinions offered would be greatly appreciated.:-}

I purchased the Droid Incredible phone from Verizon in November 2010. At first it was great, I loved all of the apps it had and it's style. But after about a month, it began to falter. The battery life is low, which didn't work for me since I am a college student. But worse things happened to it. Whenever I would use it when charging, or I would use a data intensive app, or even talk on it for longer than 10 minutes, it would turn itself off. But it would restart again immediately. I though it was a fluke. But it wasn't, it does it every day now. It just restarts with no apparent reason in the middle of something. And it would keep re-starting until I took the battery out, which makes some of the apps stop working. So I would constantly be replacing my apps. And don't believe Verizon when they say this is an isolated problem. I was at the Verizon store and 3 different people with the Droid Incredible brought in their phones for the same exact reason as me. I got a new one in the mail, and it might work, but I don't have my hopes up. Bottom line, buy a more reliable phone, even if it costs more. Because this phone won't do all of the things that it promises.

Let me first say this phone is fast and beautiful.  Plenty of FREE apps.  The Sense UI from HTC is a wonderful addition on top of the amazing Android OS.I love that I can have different scenes.  Makes it nice for both home and work.  The phone is very customizalbe.  I love that I can have very few icons on the home screen or tons.  The I love the weather widget.For the price, you really can't go wrong.Free Turn by Turn Navagation is a major plus.

After reading a lot about the HTC Incredible and having had a gut full of Apple's DRM and close-mindedness; this is a great phone. I love the open community of people and users that strive to create a better product through free exchange of apps and information. It's fast, easy to use and compact.That being said the battery life is poor. I upgraded to a 1750 batter to get it to last all day with the heavy use of the resources. The AMOLED screen is nearly impossible to see in direct sunlight but I knew this before I bought it and have learned how to get around this annoying trait.I would love to see FROYO 2.2 on this very soon so I'm keeping my fingers crossed.

Ok this is not going to be an in depth review of the phone or its features because there are already a lot of those on here. These are my observations about some things I noticed and not everyone is mentioning.The build quality of the phone is questionable. Its entirely plastic and is very very light weight. Even with the battery I feel like I am holding a toy. Comparing this to my droid, I feel like I could snap the Incredible in half like a stick. A good hard case could solve this problem.You practically have to tear your phone apart to put in a micro SD card. Kinda scary lol.The back cover is really thin plastic and just snaps into place. If you need to remove this often to exchange batteries or sd cards, you might snap it.The battery life is really difficult to judge because everyone uses their phone differently. That being said I found the battery life to be just about average. My experience with everything on (minus live wallpaper) some web browsing and music, you will just make it to the end of the day. With heavy usage I could definitely see this needing a charge later in the day. While the HTC widgets are AMAZING, they don't help battery life. It will take some time to get that perfect balance of what to turn on and off but still keep it functional.Signal strength is also hard to judge because it varies individually. When I have my Motorola droid side by side, I get 3-4 bars on my droid and 1-2 bars on the Incredible. I haven't seen equal signal strength yet. This is true every where I take the phone.Despite all this, its a great phone. Its blazing fast with an amazing screen and HTC sense really makes it intuitive and nice to look at. I ended up returning it because of the things I talked about and keepin my droid. Would still recommend this phone but suggest people go into a store and try it out first.***UPDATE***Did some research on the net and found that the signal strength bars on phones is software setup by the manufacturer. People with a Motorola Droid and HTC have noticed that the actual signal strength in dBM is about the same if you go to "settings -> about phone -> network".

I preordered this phone from verizon and got it on Apr 29th. I really liked it.Pros:1. super fast. I can ran many (more than 10) apps and switch between them with no gap.2. HTC sense is a very nice interface to integrate my google/facebook account (I don't have twitter, but I believe it would work seamlessly as well), so I could have all my contacts in one place with their phone numbers/emails/facebook accounts.3. It is highly customizable (in a way much better than the iDon't). You can set up different profiles (background, volume, vibration, notification) for work, for home or anything else, and specify a switch time. So it would switch to vibrate and shut down wifi automatically when you go to work for example, and switch back and turn on wifi by the time you get home.4. Big and beautiful screen.Cons:1. apps. I got almost everything I need. But I would hope to get more games like the titles iPhone got (e.g. plants vs zombies). Well, I think as the android momentum starts to build, more developers would be willing to write apps for android.2. battery. that's the first biggest problem I notice. I guess since it runs at super power, it also consumes a lot of energy. I have to plug it with the charger right after I get home everyday. I am always very concerned about shutdown if I have used it heavily during the day. There is an app (something called "advanced task killer") that kills apps running on the background unnoticed. That will save you some battery. But it doesn't solve the problem completely. Innocell is selling a 1750mAh extended life battery. I am going to try that.

After years with a basic cell phone, I finally stepped up to the bleeding edge with the Droid Incredible. While it's cool to surf the web, email, navigate and do other multimedia stuff on the go, I still expect a mobile phone to work well as a mobile phone and this is where the Incredible falls short. In brief, this phone, along with other Verizon Droid models, lacks the speech recognition software necessary for true hands-free dialing, a shortcoming I find truly Incredible. Even with a bluetooth headset or car kit, users must push buttons on the phone to access voice dialing, then read prompts on the screen and push more buttons before placing a call, activity that is not only dangerous while driving, it's actually illegal in many states. According to the user forums I searched online, this is a known issue with Droids for which no Android apps or other software solutions are available.The only hardware solution I've found in fairly extensive searching is the BlueAnt Q1 bluetooth headset, which, along with its predecessor, the V1, incorporates built-in voice recognition software to enable hands-free dialing of a few pre-set speed dial numbers on Droid phones, as well some other voice recognition capabilities. Since I like the Incredible's other features well enough, I've decide to keep it and get a BlueAnt headset to replace my trusty old Plantronics V510. The Incredible does seem to be the best Verizon smartphone currently available. I just wish I'd known about its hands-free handicap before I decided to get one.

We researched smartphones for months and months before deciding on the HTC incredible and I am beyond thrilled with it.

I HATE THIS PHONE. I beyond hate it. I wish I could make them take it back. Worst choice I ever made was to UPGRADE to this crap. This phone is supposed to make things easier??? No you have to move back and forth back and forth between screens just to send an email. Oh and FORGET email if you want to use a client other then gmail. It is like pulling teeth to get the phone to realize there are other email options out there. This phone has been nothing but a pain. Organizing anything is a nightmare, getting around is a nightmare, and Verizon itself does not even understand the thing.

I placed my order, and provided all of my info.  After getting repeated messages about my order being delayed b/c of availability, I finally got a short email saying my order was cancelled because they "couldn't get approval from Verizon" as a new customer.  A phone call to Amazon customer service yielded no results, they simply said I needed to work it out with Verizon.  Called Verizon, and I was approved in seconds for service (oh, and by the way, they had no record of Amazon ever sending my info over to start an account.  Hmmmm.)Also got some interesting info from Verizon about why equipment costs so much less through Amazon - not only are you signing a contract with Verizon, you are signing a contract with Amazon, and they have their own fees associated with cancellation or changes.  Make sure you read the fine print on the contract you are agreeing to...

Although I'm about to replace this phone, I wanted to let everyone know how much I enjoyed this phone -- for over three years!!!  That's right, this thing has been trouble free since Sept 26, 2010.  What a work horse.  Surfing the internet, email, calendar, contacts, navigation, speech.  And I can't count the number of times I've been somewhere where someone needed a hot spot and I'd fire up my trusty hot spot app.  Just a great experience.  Alas, after all this time, I'm moving on.  Rumor has it Verizon will make the Nokia 929 available at the end of this month.  My primary objective -- I take a lot of pictures with my phone and I want a great camera phone.  And from what I can tell, the new Nokias are setting the standard.  Wish me luck.

I've been able to test out this phone for the last week and I'm very pleased.  I have had (and returned) several smart phones as previously they'd been more trouble than their worth -- but this is a different story.  This device (we're waaay past "phone" here) is amazing.  It takes a bit of time to set up if you are not importing from a previous phone, but the set up is much easier than I found on blackberries.It's FAST - snapdragon processor rocks. I think downloaded images are crisp, clear, plus the onboard 8m camera is pretty good (the built in flash is great). The keypad is responsive and accurate.  It take a little practice to get accustom to how it "feels." Great onboard ringtones. I wish that I could program certain options for particular times of day (maybe this can be done, but I don't know how).  For example, automatically have the ringer on vibrate from 8-5 on weekdays, regular volume on weekends and after work hours. Or set the wifi to not try to access networks certain times of day (I think this might help with battery life).Battery life, uh, well, it could be better.  I think that once I get past the obsessive playing, the battery life will be better. But basically, I want to use this device all of the time, so sure, I'm using up battery juice.Is it an iphone killer?  Probably not.  Iphones are now driven by a huge number if user/consumer/programmers who cash in on the apps -- so as long as people are making money on iphone apps, it's here to stay.  The Android apps are pretty good - just not as plentiful, but on the other hand, not an overflow of the silly apps that available for iphone.I have had good luck with the verizon newtork (which is way more reliable than at&t; in my area), so I'm sticking with verizon and this is the best phone they've put on their network.

Have this phone since mid-October.As a multimedia device - 5 Stars,  as a Phone 0 (zero) Stars!First phone was exchanged (Thanks Amazon) after about 2 weeks of suffering with sound distortion and signal problems, I decided to give it a  second chance and sorry I did. Signal problem is completely kills everything good about this phone - I would be better just getting Ipod Touch. About 80% of time phone shows 1-2 bars going to no bars with phone sitting on the table and dropping calls respectively. Now HTC tells me to reset it. Yeah, right - I will loose all apps, even though they're free, all pics and it will not solve anything - phone had this issue from very beginning and I'm far from being  alone in this.Battery life as most people complain is nothing to brag aboutDroid OS is greatShould have bought Samsung as my daughter did instead

I love this phone....and I love the Android OS.  It blows Apple iOS out of the water, period.This phone is a monster....even though it has been out since May, it is still has the specs of the new phones coming out.  Highly recommend this.  My wife just got one too.  I've had mine since May.Love it.

I finally broke down and bought one of these recently, when Verizon made it available for free after a $100 rebate. I had to upgrade my data plan, but boy, was it worth it! This phone (and I hesitate to call it a phone, because it is so much more-- high res camera, camcorder, radio, portable internet hub, bar-scanning price checker, voice recorder, pedometer, game station, flashlight, you name it-- gives the iPhone a serious run for its money. It fits well in my pocket and even though it is heavier than my previous phone, it feels well-made.The apps are amazing. I made a shopping list on my phone using one and took it to the market. As I bought stuff I tapped the screen once, and poof! the items were marked and sent to the bottom of the list. Google Sky allows you to ID constellations you're looking at as you gaze upward wherever you happen to be. Google maps serves as a de-facto GPS-- GPS is available from VZW for an extra fee, but why pay it? I downloaded free mah jongg, card games and other fun stuff from the free apps list. There are also organizing apps, business apps, cooking apps, personal training apps, social media apps, games, tools, and more other stuff than you can wrap your head around. You can use any earbuds or headphones with an iPod style jack. I have no interest in Bluetooth, so I can't comment on that yet.The guy at Verizon Wireless set up a dummy gmail account for me to use to access my aol and other accounts on my phone's desktop through POP, transferred my address book and backed it up offline for good measure. The phone can get a signal pretty much anywhere I've been so far, but I just programmed it to access my home signal via Airport Extreme. It charges through either an outlet or plugged into my MacBook's USB port. You can buy an optional car charger, but I don't think I'll need it. I live in a city and haven't had a problem getting a signal. It took a long time to charge the first time, but now I just plug it into my computer when I get home and it's fine. I set my screen display to turn off after 1 minute to save battery juice, and so far that is working well for me.I love the touch screen format, which is easy to use and reasonably sensitive, and the fact that it changes orientation from vertical (portrait) to horizontal (landscape) when I rotate the phone.The Droid Incredible takes beautiful pictures. It has a decent camcorder for a phone. You can upgrade the memory card from 8 to to 16 gigs. I will do that next.My only criticism: The keyboard can be a bit small, but it's workable. Practice improves the results.If you buy one, make sure that you get a screen protector and a decent armor style Droid case. That will keep your phone safe in your pocket or reasonably protected if dropped. My friend recently dropped his iPhone and the screen shattered. He decided to replace it but had to wait several weeks for the replacement to arrive. My Droid is happily and snugly encased in a good quality case that VZW sells, though I know there are other after-market cases, as well. I got a 20% discount on the screen protector and the protective case because I bought them on the date that I purchased the phone.If you're on the fence and like to be able to get online whenever OR like helpful apps, I say: do it. I checked the Droid Incredible out in the store about a month before I bought it and realized I would need to re-learn how to use my phone. That initially discouraged me. That may even seem scary to some, but this device is really intuitive; after you use it for a couple of days, it's really easy and you understand it. I'm really glad that I took the plunge. I recommend the unlimited data plan, even if you don't think you will use it-- when you see all the cool things this phone can do online, you will want to have access to all of them.

No idea how I survived without this amazing tool.  Granted about 90% of its usefulness is the apps, but they wouldn't exist without the phone.On an important note, Verizon has done an excellent job establishing its online customer service features.  Not to mention their phone-in customer service is incredible.  Not only do they keep asking what else they can fix, but everybody who answers the CS line knows how to solve mostly anything.

I am a gadget guy. I need the latest and greatest. With that said, this is by far the best device i have ever owned. Period. Even to this day, about a year after i purchased it ... if i were to buy a new phone right now, i would still walk out with this phone.For those like me that need change and updating, look into rooting the phone. Once rooted, there is no limit to what you can do. I flash a new look&feel; onto my phone at least 2 or 3 times a week. I get bored and this phone is perfect.tons of developer activity also, which is very important for any device to be successful.

Decided to move up to a smartphone with a deal like $.01 for a top-of-the-line phone from HTC and Icouldn't be more pleased.  I read every review I could find on this phone as well as the MotorolaDroid X and I decided on the HTC device.  This thing is appropriately named, it is an incredible phone!Calling it a "phone" is an injustice, it is far more than just a "phone", although it performs that taskextremely well.  Call quality is top notch and it performs so many other functions beautifully! Itaccesses the Web, handles messaging, syncs and handles my Gmail effortlessly, plays music, plays video,in short there is little this phone cannot do!.  The screen is positively gorgeous (though it is difficultto read in direct sun, I knew this before I bought it) and the HTC Sense interface works well.  Half thefun though is exploring the vast amount of apps available for Adroid, it is almost overwhelming.In summation, if you looking to move up to a smartphone you cannot go wrong with the Droid Incredible.Of course you must commit to a 2-yr contract with Verizon, but the trade-off is you get an amazingdevice for virtually nothing. (Verizon waived the $35 activation fee as well-credit on your first bill!)

I first got the Incredible a few months back but returned it thinking I really didn't need a smartphone. But after a couple of months of being without it, I couldn't imagine life without one after all and subsequently went back and got the Incredible.I originally got the Incredible thinking Verizon was not going to get the iPhone (boy was I wrong). While thinking about which phone to get I had considered the Samsung Fascinate and Droid X along with the Incredible but didn't want to be locked into Bing with the Fascinate and concluded both the X and Fascinate are too big.The Incredible is almost the same size as the iPhone. It has a sleek, black look, good display that is clear and the phone overall is user friendly. The call reception is good and the sound when you use the phone's MP3 player and the picture quality when you use the camera (video and photo) are pretty decent for what you get.When I need to pull up websites, watch videos or utilize Google smartphone apps they pull up very quickly too. In addition to low battery life, a big headache I experience with the Incredible is the keyboard. Since the phone is not equipped with a physical keyboard you have to use a screen-based one. Due to the small keys I find I have to backspace many times or retype words. Fortunately, the Incredible is equipped with a program that allows you to choose words while typing which makes correcting mistakes easier. However, it is because of these two flaws as well as the fact that the Android operating system is very vulnerable to virus attacks that I can only give the Droid Incredible 3 out of 5 stars.I have used this phone and the Apple smartphone and after having this phone for over 6 months, I plan on getting the iPhone.The Droid system is a Linux-based open source operating system which allows for multiple developers to create applications and improvements at a much faster rate. However, the biggest flaw with this approach is not only can numerous developers create applications, it also leaves Android phones vulnerable to virus attacks.Admittedly, it is because of the Android operating system and the army of phones that are using it have forced Apple to upgrade it's iOS if not the iPhone itself. Overall, with the Apple iOS users are limited only to what Apple offers and approves which is its biggest hinderance but also it's biggest asset. With Apple's development standards for applications it makes it harder (if not downright impossible) for viruses to filter into their computer and smartphone products.The short battery life is a pain in the neck too. Hopefully that HTC will soon make an extended life battery which will be slim enough to replace the one that is included. Unfortunately, short battery life is common among most Android phones (this one included).If you do decide to obtain an HTC or any smartphone with Android I recommend keeping the phone plugged into a charger when/if you use it for playing music, recording videos, surfing the internet or any kind of heavy data usage. By doing this you will not have a problem. I also recommend downloading Advanced or Super Task Killer (which is free) and Juice Defender. Both applications will help you regulate which apps you want to run as well as save you some time (and possibly money) by helping to keep your batter usage in check.As to claims about the inability of people to see the screen in direct sunlight, in this respect the iPhone does have the advantage. I was unable to read my phone's screen mainly when I used the anti-glare screen protector sold by Verizon. I replaced Verizon's product with Ghost Armor and, aside from it being much clearer than Verizon's screen shield, I can view the screen a little better in direct sunlight. However, to best view your screen on this and possibly other Android smartphones you have to look directly at the Incredible's screen while you are outside with the shadow of your body to help your eyes focus.If you are going to get a smartphone, the HTC Droid Incredible is a good choice to start off with. HTC makes some decent smartphones but, with the high quality Apple puts into their products (like the iPhone) they and other Android smartphone manufacturers have a lot of work to do.

The first day I had it, I freaked out.I didn't get to use it much and it lost 100% of the battery in about 14 hours.However, I had data and wifi on the whole time. I wasn't using it, but it was on.Then, I added toggle buttons on the home screen for data and wifi. I leave them off except when I need them.Now, it lasts about 3 days for average use.The other aspects are just like other reviewers say. It is quick, responsive, and android OS.

I have to say this is one of the wisest choices I have ever made. My last phone was a prepaid Tracfone I had several years ago and it basically died then so I didn't have a phone. Then not have a phone was driving me nuts! Having an iPod touch with this app called Line2 was almost an alternative. Costing only $15 for unlimited talk and text, which was a steal. The only con was, I didn't have wifi at home and I had to go out for wifi at my local supermarket. I was aching my mother to get a phone by adding me to the plan and I would pay my portion. I looked at the Droid phones, admiring this one and the Droid X. I looked at the reviews and noticed there was sucky battery life for the Incredible mostly, but I saw I can get a better battery. I went down to Hhgregg with my parents and saw the Droid X for 200 (uh, no thank you, pass!) and the Incredible for 50. The choice was obviously clear. I could get most of the features of the X minus the HDMI and larger screen but also minus 150 bucks. I was planning on getting a phone by myself if it they weren't going to do it, but they ended up getting me one and they got one for themesleves as well. I've been ordering accessories like the extended battery (which I'm using right now) and the holster I'm waiting on. The only downside with the extended battery I got was there isn't a case for me to fit it on, unless I cut like a rubber one up or something to fit it. But I say it's worth it. I'll go into more details about the battery life, but first, the perks of this phone :)First off, is the OS. I found it to be very intuitive and fairly customizable compared to my 4th gen iPod touch. I also love the fact that I can put widgets on there, making it my very own! I also love the Live Wallpapers and I can even put an animated gif as a background (if I can do it right). And yes, you can play animated gifs with this unlike the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad =) I could do it through my touch, but I had to use this app that I had to buy and download them onto my touch through iTunes and who wants that! :( But if you want them to repeat over and over again, you'll have to download an animated gif viewer, which is free ^^ Another thing is that if you're an iPhone user and want to switch to a phone like this, but want all of those apps, don't worry. Even if it's not as near as populated as the iPhone App Store, the Android Market is still an awesome place. Over 40% of the apps are free vs only 28% free apps on iPhone's Apps store. Plus, I got some apps that were on the iPhone app store on the Android one. Notably, apps like some of the EA games, Gamevil games, Gameloft games, and other apps like Pandora and Autodesk Sketchbook Mobile (yes, I draw on my phone. Deal with it >:)) are on the Android Market and most-likely more to come. Also has emulators that you can play with. Yay! ^^Another perk is that you can actually have Flash Player 10.1 (I know, it's awesome!) with upgrade of Android 2.2 Froyo. Plus, you still have access to HTML5 so it's all good. Another advantage over the iPhone! Though you can't access Hulu, most of the flash is better than none =) Hulu is the only site that I've encountered where I can't use flash. And you can play flash games too, if it's not hard enough. One other awesome thing is that you can actually download files to this phone such as mp3 and actually listen to it! This thing is closer to a mobile computer than even the iPad is and I've wanted one forever! I can even upload photos and artwork to websites like DeviantArt ^^One more perk before I get to the cons is the unlimited data package. This will come in handy because if you want unlimited texting or calling and I'll show you why. Thanks to the Line2 app that was on the App Store, I was able to make calls with it on my iPod touch. But it has crossed over to the Android Market and you know what that means. Think about it. Unlimited 3G data plus Line2 equals total epicness of unlimited possibilities! I can talk to people all over the U.S. and Canada as well as send text messages even if they aren't Verizon customers! The app adds a second line to the phone, but it's really convenient. You can even do a conference call which you can have multiple people on the line! Only downside is that picture/video messaging isn't supported yet. Also, you won't be able to assign a custom ringtone to calls and texts, but one can't be too picky as this can save you over 65 bucks with combined unlimited talk and text! Plus the app is free for download and you get a 30 day trial to see if you like it or not before signing up for it! Never worry about sending too many texts or wasting minutes ever again! =)Another perk is the camera. This is close to the best camera on a phone as you can get, except for this Sony Ericson Phone, which I heard sucked. But it takes great pictures with the 8mp camera and it has great 720p video recording. It ALMOST replaces my camcorder. Not entirely since it does full 1080p HD recording and has a 10mp camera. It's more convenient to carry a camera phone around than have both, but for special occasions and projects, I would stick to my camcorder. I still love the options of the camera such as the ISO (or whatever it is), the exposure, and awesome looking filters =). I think the HTC Sense has something to do with that so I'm not sure about the similar features on the Droid X and the Droid 2 Global.Alright, here's the part that we've been dreading, which are the downsides. One huge downside is the battery life. Before I got my extended battery, this thing wouldn't last even half it's charge when I was watching an hour's worth of youtube videos. If you're a heavy user, do what I did and get an extended battery. I got the 3500 mAH extended battery by Acase. It lasts signifigantly longer and I had a live wallpaper up, watched a flash video my girlfriend sent me, played Star Fox with an SNES emulator, checked my texts and facebook, and it was still above half of it's power and that was from 7 to 11:30 in the morning. That might sound bad, but think of it this way. A typical computer lasts about that time, maybe even less depending on what you're doing. I'm sure if you don't do much with it, only using it for checking texts and emails and make a few calls, and maybe watch a few youtube videos, this thing should get you through the day. But you have to charge it properly by letting it die all the way the first 3 to 4 times and leave it on the charge 2 to 3 hours after it's done charging. I'm thinking of getting this other battery to test it and give one of the batteries to my mom or dad. But I've on had this battery since yesterday so I'll update this review and let you guys know what happens. =) I got my extended battery for like $31, with shipping included. One other con is the virtual keyboard. It's an OK texter, but not always accurate as my iPod touch's virtual keyboard. But it does have auto-correction and you can use speech text to speak into the mic and it'll have the text on there. If you don't like virtual texting, go for the Droid 2. Another con, which isn't a big deal is rooting. In case you don't know what that is, it's like jailbreaking for the iPhone, but not really. Like jailbreaking, rooting voids your warranty on your Android device. It unlocks your phone and you can customize it however you please, but you have to know what you're doing or you'll screw up your phone. Thankfully, my problem was fixable and I could care less about rooting now. One last con is that you can't take snapshots of your screen like you can on the iDevices where you hold the lock button and press the home key. I don't know why they have to be rooted in order to do that, so I'll just take a picture of my phone. Maybe they'll come out with and update or app for that.Now, despite it's cons, this is a great phone and I love my Incredible Droid =) It pretty much lives up to it's name and I can make it almost anyway I want and I can do almost anything with it! It's that Incredible! I hope this review was helpful to you newbies at smartphones as well as smartphone users in general. Like I said, I'll post an update on how the battery is in a few days. If you're like me, get this phone. You won't regret it. ;)Update: I had the Acase and it sucked. It hardly had an improvement. I ordered the Seidio 3500 mAH and I'm using it right now. I'm loving it! You can read my reviews on these batteries on Amazon by searching for them =) It may have given thickness to my phone, but it's worth it. I can just cut the part of the area where the battery is out. I ordered a case and I'll keep you guys posted on how it turns out.I also have a couple of applications that I thought should make your Incredible, well, even more Incredible. You can customize the lock and theme to your phone without rooting! Complements of 91Pandahome and Lock Bot Pro. =) Also, I found that you can download apps that you can actually tether without the monthly free! I won't mention any since I don't want them taken down, but I don't have to go out for wifi anymore hardly! I can use the unlimited data plan on my phone and connect it to my laptop via USB! The internet isn't bad either for 3G. It buffers sometimes with videos when I have like 2 bars or less. But it's still a lot faster than dial-up (bad memories). I love this phone a lot and I continue to love what I can do with this thing and make new discoveries with it. =) I'm glad I got this phone and I don't regret it.Update 2: I've had my Seidio extended battery and it makes the Incredible even more so Incredible. In case you're worried about a case not fitting, try going for a rubber one where you can cut through it easily so you can have the battery stick out. I got the Crazyondigital one in blue on Amazon for less than four bucks altogether. That'll save you a lot of money over Verizon's cases they have to offer for this phone. Also, I just recently decided to go ahead and root my phone. Totally worth it if you want to take screenshots and get free "wireless" tethering. Also, if you can do it just right, you can change the interface entirely or even install Android 2.3 (Gingerbread). I haven't done that yet, but when I figure it out, I'll tell you if its worth it or not. =) I really want to be able to use apps that don't support HTC sense. Don't get me wrong, it's nice, but it can be a pain sometimes when it comes to compatibility. That's just my take on it. Still loving my phone and Android period ;) I hope you will too.

I have had the Droid Incredible for a few weeks now and am simply amazed at how much it can do. Yes, the battery life is short when using the internet, apps, texting, etc. I charge it once a day, but I have a spare battery on hand at all times, so no big deal. The screen is super touch-sensitive, so it is easy to leave a screen you are working on if you even brush against it, but you quickly adjust to this. A free app, called Advanced Task Killer, allows you to turn off the many apps you are not using, including the internet, so that your battery life will last longer. I would highly recommend this app. The sound on the phone is crisp and clear, the display is very sharp and colorful, and the amount of apps available is also "incredible." I would highly recommend this phone, and for me personally, it is the best cell phone I have ever owned.

Of course the battery isn't going too last that long in a smart phone. Other than that... LOVE IT! You have the world in the palm of your hands!

I've waited for this phone for months. First I thought the Moto Droid would be my LG Dare's successor. Then I saw the leaked photos of the Nexus One and finally the Incredible. After all this time, it has finally arrived and I've spent the last few days playing with it.The number one question everyone will ask is "How does it compare to the iPhone?" and I think possibly for the first time ever, the answer is that it is *better* in many (or most) ways.First, the hardware. In person this thing looks like a murdered out (black) version of the iPhone, with a few catchy red accents and a unique faschia around the back. It looks very cool and feels great in your hand. Some places have reported that the backside feels "cheap" and I'll agree -- when the back panel is removed, it feels cheap. But when it's on the phone (99.99% of the time), it feels quite solid and the whole package feels balanced and complete. I like the soft-touch backing because it doesn't show fingerprints. Nice. Yes, the screen will show fingerprints, especially if you run greasy.Next, the interface. I had never used the Android OS before and wasn't sure what to expect in terms of simplicity, layout, and general elegance. In my opinion, Android nails it. No, this phone doesn't have the sheer simplicity of the iPhones interface. Instead, it gives you something that the iPhone doesn't: control. You get to decide where your icons are. You get to add widgets to your home screen(s). You get folders, program shortcuts, and various wallpaper choices (including animated wallpapers, if you're into that). The interface and customization options are really excellent. This is great if you have even a little bit of tech-geek in you, and it's still intuitive. Everything runs smooth and responsive. And it does multi-tasking, without breaking a sweat.The external speaker (for music/speakerphone) is excellent for a cell phone; one of the best I've heard with little or no distortion. Of course it doesn't have any bass, but that's to be expected. Multi-touch works perfectly (there were some known issues with the Nexus One because it used an inferior touch processor that has been upgraded in the Incredible). There are all kinds of widgets and programs that come standard so you can get a good jump on customizing your experience. Camera is fine. Sure, it's 8mp (I'd rather have a 3mp with excellent picture quality). No, it is nowhere near a dedicated point and shoot camera. Above average for a cell phone, but don't expect miracles here.I do have a few gripes so far, and some of them are more of an HTC/Google software thing and not a direct issue with this particular phone. First, the widgets, while nice, are limited in their customization. You often have a choice of 2-3 display styles for a widget, but aside from that there are very few "widget options". They each work pretty well but are limited in their individual flexibility.Another small annoyance is in some landscape mode keyboards (like when writing a text or filling out a form) you have to hide the keyboard before accepting what you've typed; you can't just hit enter to accept or continue. Sounds small but at times it can be kind of annoying. In portrait mode this problem doesn't really exist, because either there's a button present or you can scroll through content to find it. (Landscape mode overwrites the page content with your text editing area.)Random note in the middle of my review: the Android Marketplace does not have as many apps as the iPhone. Personally, I don't care. iDon't need a million apps to make my phone useful. The ones that are available in Android have provided everything I've needed (so far).Finally, there are going to be a lot of people disappointed in battery life. I've only charged mine a few times so far, but this is definitely a phone you're going to need to charge at the end of the day with moderate use, or possibly even sooner with heavy-duty use. I wish they would have packed in a higher-capacity battery, but then at the same time with all of the features on these types of high-end smartphones, I can't expect the battery to do the impossible.Overall this is THE best phone on Verizon and quite possibly ANY carrier, at least until the Evo 4g and next iPhone. Since Verizon is the best network, though, I give the Droid Incredible 4.5 stars and three big thumbs up. That's right, three.

This phone is amazing! Amazon shipping was extremely fast, I ordered it one afternoon and received it the next day!The Incredible is by far the best phone I have ever had. It is amazingly fast, intuitive, and easy to use.

As opposed to many reviews, I am not doing a "comparison" review. I have some pretty strict requirements for a smart phone so I'll list those first and you will know where I'm coming from. If I am going to carry something that makes more than phone calls, I have the following list. To have to carry a phone AND a computer everywhere I go does not satisfy my idea of a smart phone and the additional charges. Thus, this is my first smart phone.MUST HAVES:1. I travel a lot and MUST make and take phone calls from many areas, some quite remote.2. To replace my computer I MUST be able to open and run AT LEAST 3 windows at once, and answer phone calls while working - multitasking.3. I need a GPS a lot of the time - 5 vehicles4. Google chat5. gmail6. hotmail7. Ability to do limited editing of Microsoft Word and Spreadsheet documents8. I like to have a decent camera with me all the time but frequently forget mine.9. I must be able to transfer files back and forth between several computers and my cell phone easily - bluetooth is nice, removable sdk card is better.10. Typing is OK, but speech to text is handier.11. Occasionally in remote areas I must use the cell phone capabilities to connect computer to internet.12. Skype is an absolute "Must have"13. When traveling in motor home, current radar weather can be critical (no one wants to be in a tornado area in a motor home).14. Mapping.15. Calendar directly linked to computer calendar.16. At least one day of battery life.If my smart phone does not have these things it falls into the category of a very interesting toy, but not something I can afford to spend much time on.Don't care, but nice:fm radiocameramusicfacebookSo why the HTC Incredible?I have two dissatisfied children (25 and 46) with AT&T; accounts. So much for the iphone. If you live in a city and like it, buy it. But don't ask to use mine or have me make phone calls for you when you have no signal. Sorry.The Incredible will do all of the "Must have" tasks albeit the speech to text is a bit spotty.The one time we had spotty phone service in a remote area, my wife and I discovered we could constantly keep in touch using chat. The phone apparently stores the chat until you get a brief burst of signal and then immediately sends it. No problem. Very clever.The camera takes quite good quality (surprisingly good?) photos, but there is NO REDEYE, even though there doesn't seem to be any reason not to have it - and the video cam does well.Don't be fooled by a long list of apps for phone X or Y. Totally meaningless. I do all my international banking and credit card work on the Incredible with no problem, edit Microsoft documents, and everything else in my "MUST HAVE" list.If you are considering buying a smart phone I suggest you make up your "MUST HAVE" list and research the internet carefully. I was quite easily able to rule out everything but the Motorola Droid and the HTC Incredible.Battery life with such heavy use is not going to be good, so don't be unrealistic with any brand. I need at least 8 hours. I bought a 1750 mah battery replacement which does the trick (check my review in epinions).

I like it better than my iPhone 3GS with one exception, battery life.  Buy an extra battery or portable charger because this phone will leave you stranded after three hours of normal use in a strange city or in a business meeting.  I run from outlet to outlet.  What a pain.  I have no idea where HTC came up with their estimates of battery  life.  For the experiences of actual owners just read the reviews under spare batteries for the Droid Incredible.  Other than that it is a fast and powerful Android phone with an awesome display.  HTC supports their products well when there is a problem, too.UPDATE 2011/02/16:  Battery performance has markedly improved into the six hour range.  I assume due to over-the-air updates to the operating system.  Initially I rated it as 3 stars, but I am bumping it up to 4 stars.

This is my first smartphone having been a fence sitter with my old voice / text phone till now.  I'd been waiting in anticipation for Verizon to confirm / deny the rumors about the Nexus One since February.  Then I started reading online reviews / comparisons between the Nexus One and the newly announced Incredible and felt myself leaning more the the Incredible though the two phones are very similar.I was happily surprised when Verizon finally broke the silence and announced the availability of the Incredible.  And though I was only halfway through my New Every Two plan, upon my request Verizon graciously offered me the phone at the promotional $149 and then simply restarted my New Every Two the moment I activated this phone.  THAT'S good customer service.I've had the phone for over a week and I absolutely love it.  Yes there are grumblings about the lean battery life.  I won't lie, you do need to be prepared to charge it daily, especially for the first few days.  But you have to keep in mind it's a small computer that does REAL multitasking.  This is nothing new for those who have owned smartphones previously and does take a little getting used to by the basic voice / text phone crowd (my old voice / text phone went 8-9 days between charging).The battery is a tad undersized for the power of the phone but then again we consumers want a small, thin form factor.  Already there's a 1750 mAh battery available (exact same dimensions as the one it ships with) and rumors of an upcoming 2100+ mAh.  And remember, something you can do with this and most every non-Apple mobile device - easily carry a spare & swap / upgrade batteries.Following the advice on the Android forums, for the first few days I put my phone through full charge / discharge (till completely dead) cycles and have noticed a good 50% gain on battery life.The screen is gorgeous.  Because the phone does true multitasking you have a selection of animated backgrounds including a really cool swirling galaxy, blades of grass waving in the breeze, etc.  Touch sensitivity is great albeit a little too sensitive at times (a screen protector really helps in this area).  The multi-touch is great and while surfing the web, with most sites you can "drag zoom" (opposite of a pinch) text and pictures and then pan around - especially for those sites that prefer to use annoyingly small microfiche fonts.Voice quality is excellent - both what you hear and what your caller hearsThe speaker is decent for a phone but plug in a decent pair of headphones (uses a standard jack) and you have sound quality rivaling an iPod.  Plus the cord on the headphones acts as an antenna for the built-in FM radio.wifi setup is a breeze though with Verizon's unlimited data plan the biggest benefit to wifi connectivity is speed.  I find the range with my home network is as good as my laptop and the phone will automatically switch between known / configured wifi networks and the regular 3G network, with a preference for wifi over 3G.  When using the YouTube app, if you're connected on wifi it will automatically always try to get the highest quality version of the video.  If you're only on the 3G network then you have to tell the player to use higher quality (since it can take longer to load and possibly not stream as smoothly on 3G).I've been using the free Pandora app to stream internet radio and have quickly gotten addicted to always-on Internet connectivity.  Sound quality doesn't change between wifi and 3G and I can't even tell when the phone switches as I get out of range of my configured wifi hotspots.  There is something to be said for the Verizon 3G network coverage.  I live in Phoenix and haven't had any connectivity issues.I do need to mention there's a current issue in the app that shows you 3G signal strength in the phone status bar. It doesn't seem to show true signal strength.  That is at times it has shown zero signal strength and I've made calls, surfed, listened to Internet radio with no quality issues.  Once again, this is a new phone and nothing an update (they download via the 3G / wifi network, by the way - you don't have to plug it into your computer or take it to the Verizon store) won't correct.Voice recognition is pretty flawless (actually performed by the Verizon server farm, I believe) and can be used pretty much anywhere you can use the onscreen keyboard.Integration with Gmail email, contacts & calendar is seamless.  In fact if you have a Gmail account you'll see there's no longer any need to keep contacts on your phone.  You can assign ringtones, notes, etc to your Gmail contacts exactly as you can to contacts stored locally on the phone so why bother backing up with Backup Assistant, etc?  Every time the phone syncs with your Gmail account any changes are "backed up".  You do have the option to sync with other email providers but I haven't explored that feature since I only use Gmail.I've had hit and miss success with Flash video on sites like [...].  But at least the Android OS is committed to supporting Flash so I have full confidence that this will be corrected in an upcoming update.All this chatter about the Apple store having hundreds of thousands of apps vs Google store only having twenty thousand or so seems rather irrelevant to me.  That is, I'm finding PLENTY of apps available and a surprising quantity of great quality FREE apps.  And as the Android OS gets more and more popular, and as Apple gets more and more unfriendly toward their "loyal" developers, there are going to be more and more apps available for the Android OS.Finally, at least in my case Verizon only shipped the anemic printed "Quick Start" guide which did little more than tell you to charge it fully first and gave a quick overview of the phone and setting up Gmail, Facebook, etc.  If you do a Google search for "Droid Incredible Users Guide" you'll find a great 206 page PDF of the full users guide.  I'm not sure why Verizon isn't shipping it (printed OR CD) though it has their logo on it.  If you're new to smartphones and/or the Android OS (like I was) this guide is a must and can help you make the most out of this incredible (ha!) little device.If you're still a fence sitter like I was, yes, there will always be a better phone "coming".  But if you're ready to finally join the smartphone crowd I think the Droid Incredible is an excellent phone to make the leap with.

This a great phone. The only draw back is the battery life. You will need to carry with you your charger. Other than that, again this is a great phone.

I've had this phone for less than a year. Speed is good. Screen is good. However, the phone crashes, maybe about once a month. It also cannot handle uploading videos that are a few minutes in length. I've had trouble with the phone deleting swaths of my address book that were not linked to my google account, as well as text messages being deleted, before the limit was reached. Also, texting on the phone is not as good as an iphone, although the screen sizes are similar, this one definitely gets letters wrong, particularly at the edges of the screen. The volume is also not sensitive, it is very loud, even after lowering the volume to the limit. All in all, an average phone. I would not get a second one.UPDATE: phone is constantly dropping calls. Turns itself off randomly. Randomly deletes user data. Randomly doesn't let you access the touch screen when in a call, preventing you from hanging up. I wouldn't take another one of these phones if they were giving them away. Stay away from the Droid Incredible.

I recently got this phone, and even though there are newer htc phones and verizon doesn't sell it anymore, that's good, because it's cheap on ebay, and definitely NOT obsolete. It has the same specs under the hood as the new ones (which is a lot, you can look at those) and I hate phones with a large screen, I'll settle for a 4 inch, like the dinc 2,  but I wouldn't replace it with a thunderbolt or a droid x if I could get them for free. And the aftermarket hacks are practically endless, check out xda developers. All of those roms, especially cyanagon mod 7 practically fix battery life. On heavy usage with Cyanagon mod 7 I have about 50% left. And everything like sound quality and pictures are great. People also say it is a drawback it doesn't have sense 2.0, right now there are like 5 custom roms with sense 2.0 for it. This phone is NOT obsolete as you may think, and it is a great phone, and it becomes a droid super incredible if you do custom roms! It's great.

Some of you might be wondering what is the difference between the HTC Incredible (Verizon) and  Nexus One (T-mobile) other than the obvious difference in the mobile phone carriers network.  I just bought my HTC Incredible from the Verizon store and will try to explain the differences and similarities (My friend has the Nexus One).* Side-by-side, both color saturation, clarity and contrast are great on both HTC smartphones since they are equipped the same excellent 3.7-inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display with a native resolution of 480x800.  If I have to pick a winner, I believe the Incredible is slightly better, probably because it is brand new and free of fingerprints and dust.* The Incredible uses optical trackpad for navigation, whereas the Nexus One uses the trackball (like the older Blackberrys).  The trackpad on the Incredible seems to be more responsive and can scroll quicker, however, I have to say the trackball on the Nexus One seems to be more precise and easier to control while not overshooting the target.  But I think I can master the trackpad with a bit more practice and getting used to how much pressure to use to control it precisely.* The Nexus One and Incredible both have 4 capacitive buttons for Home, Menu, Search and Back below the screen.  Both devices' buttons are very sensitive to touch, no difference here.* The Nexus One has 5MP cameras with a single LED flash, whereas the Incredible has a better 8MP sensor with dual-LED flash.  Both cameras have auto-focus.* In terms of raw processing speed, both smartphones run on a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU, which is the state-of-art and both phones can open/close and switch between apps quickly without any noticeable delay.* For system memory, the Nexus One has 512MB of RAM while the Incredible has 64MB more (total of 576MB). Another hardware difference is the Nexus One has a unique dual mic system for ambient noise cancellation. This feature is unique to the Nexus one and is not available on the Incredible.  I am not sure how effective it really is, but I use my Plantronics 975 Bluetooth headset with arguable the best noise cancellation system so it is not a big deal for me.* You will notice the UI software is different when you turn the phones on,. The Nexus One uses the standard Android 2.1 OS (Eclair) home page UI, whereas the Incredible and Desire run the proprietary HTC Sense UI .  I really like the Sense Inteface better than the basic Android 2.1 standard UI.  It is more than skin-deep; it replaced and refined much of the standard (boring) interface for most of the Android operating system experience. There are more usable space on the home screen, better media apps and a sleeker number dialer.  The visual appearance is amazing (Incredible!).  It is very attractive and stunning and best of all, none of the eye-candies seemed to affect or slow down the performance of the Incredible when comparing with the Nexus One.* Yes, the Nexus One does have an advantage due to the T-Mobile 3G network, which is you can use voice and data at the same time.  Being on the Verizon network, the HTC Incredible can't.  Is it a big deal?  I think only you can answer that question, but for me, I can honestly say I can't remember a time why I would really need/use this `feature'.  I have Pandora and it stopped streaming when I am on a call, but I don't want to listen to my music anyway when I am on a call.  And if I have to look up something why I am taking to someone, I can always call them back.  I guess if I am using the Android Google Maps Navigation while talking, I might have a problem, but my car has built-in navigation so it is not an issue for me.Since I just got my Incredible today, I can't comment on battery life or reliability, but since HTC already made similar phones (Nexus One, HTC Desire, etc.)  I believe battery life shouldn't be an issue.  So far the call quality over my Plantronics 975 bluetooth headset is great and no drop call when I was driving to work for an hour on the phone.  I will append my reviews in a few months if I discover any significant issues.  For now, I am very happy with my HTC Incredible.

I replaced my 3G iPhone, as I had terrible signal with AT&T and was stuck on the slow edge network most of the time. Since switching to Verizon, I get 3G everywhere and I can customize my phone without going through the trouble of jailbreaking the phone. I use Google for almost everything so it integrates perfect. I love Google voice.  The customizations are almost endless, the first couple days I felt like I was chained to my phone as I couldn't put it down. My only disappointment is battery life but that can be fixed with additional batteries or an extended life one. Since switching I haven't missed my iPhone once, finally a serious contender to the Pompous dictator Apple.

Just got my Verizon Incredible last week and it certainly lives up to it's namesake. Coming from a Motorola Razr this is like going from the model "T" to a jet car. Lot's to learn but it does DO lots. I never had an iPhone so I can't compare the two but most who have both clearly prefer the Incredible. The only negative I've found so far is the battery but, of course, what else is new. My 1750mAh should be deliverered tomorrow. End of problem. I'd recommend this phone without reservation. Period. I just love it.

Phone is awesome. Display is good, calling is good. The battery life is pretty standard for smart phones. Mine lasts the whole day and I use a lot of internet and other applications. Good news is if the battery life isn't what you want you can get a bigger battery from seidio but I haven't decided to do that yet. The thing I like best about the phone is the voice recognition. I spoke a whole email and didn't have type one word, I thought that was pretty awesome. You can use the voice recognition in almost all the areas were you can input text.

Paired with the VZ network and an unlimited data plan. This phone rocks. Fast processor, fast internet, intuitive interface, and the voice recognition that fills in any text box is great (i'd say it works spot on about 90% of the time but this depends on the clarity of your voice and how you speak).There's only two things you'll want to be aware of:1) The phone doesn't have a front-facing camera, so you might be missing out on techie goodies to come later on down the road (skype to skype video calls?)2) Even with all the auto-killing task managers and turning WiFi and GPS off until you need it, the battery life sucks. Period. And it's not just my phone, seems to be standard from other complaints I've read online. Just bought a longer life (1750 mAh) battery that's the same size as the factory battery that I've heard makes a big difference. But since I haven't got it in the mail yet, I can't say if it's a perfect fix yet.

I bought my first Droid Incredible in April 2010. I absolutely loved it, but then the speaker broke. Verizon sent me a refurbished Incredible phone for free in accordance with the warranty. This 2nd phone was defective: the phone unloaded the memory card every 1-2 days. To get it working, I had to remove the protective cover, remove the phone back cover, remove the card, and reinstall the card. Having to keep doing that got old pretty quick. Verizon sent me another refurbished Incredible phone. This 3rd phone was also defective: the touch screen frequently became totally unresponsive. Sometimes I could get access to the phone by turning the screen off and then back on. After a while, this no longer worked: I had to remove the cover, remove the battery, and then reinstall the battery. After a while, even this stopped working most of the time. Verizon sent me a 4th phone, another refurbished Incredible. After 2 hours, it killed my battery. The local Verizon store replaced the battery via the warranty, but 2 hours later, the brand new battery was also ruined. Verizon gave me a 3rd battery so I could limp along with my 3rd phone until Verizon could deliver a refurbished Droid X. Hopefully Motorola does a better job refurbishing phones than HTC!Comment regarding online Verizon customer service: The online Verizon representatives would not send me a new Droid Incredible even though they have been unable to give me a functioning Droid Incredible phone. They also told me they would have to charge me money to switch to a refurbished Droid X. The local Verizon store understood this was terrible customer service and switched me to Droid X at no cost.

I acquired an HTC Incredible in late 2010 as my first smart phone.  It was an impressive performer for me over two years, and other people were impressed by it.  Even iPhone people were impressed by it.  The neat things about it are well described in these reviews.  I  got a lot of utility out of the Incredible.There are at least two persistent problems related to this model that would probably stop most shoppers from buying it if they had forehand knowledge.Biggest problem is that a heavily used Incredible frequently throws a low phone disk space alert.  When this alert is active the phone works but  gmail, android mail, and facebook apps won't sync.  The phone was built with plenty of memory, so it's no doubt a software problem ultimately traceable to Android 2.2.  And there's a decent workaround, which is to clear caches and manage apps often.  But the whole experience was aggravating over the course of several months.  A real upgrade fix within 2.2 or 2.3 was never offered.Second thing is these handsets have rear speakers that tend to go bad.  So common it is that the speaker is abundantly available on the retail market as an inexpensive  spare part.  The part availability is not a bad thing.  But most people won't have the wherewithal to perform that fix when the Incredible breaks down.Nonetheless, it was a good phone for its time in the smartphone era.  Most people got good service from it.  Give it a 4.

I got to play with it a little bit today and I am certainly not impressed. I am going to wait out for the new iPhone this summer. I think people's reviews are fairly accurate but this phone does not bring anything new to the table. I will get the new OS for my 3GS iPhone (which puts it at par with Droid's OS capabilities) and see what magic Mr. Jobs will bring to us this summer. I am just not impressed being a bit on the geeky side, but otherwise solid phone.

I thought that I would be "upgrading" when I switched from T-Mobile to Verizon.What a sad. sad disappointment.  Not only is coverage not any better (at least for me), the call quality is choppy and if you call their customer service department, you'll be on hold for at least 10 minutes...and that's after you navigate through the IVR system.I do so MUCH regret having switched.  If you are a T-Mobile customer, do NOT switch to Verizon.  You will pay MUCH MORE for MUCH LESS if you do.The android phone?  Others are correct about the poor battery life.All I can say is bring your USB cable to work with you so you can charge it on your PC AND also get a car charger so you can charge while you're driving.  Talk time REALLY eats up the battery... heck, I think I used up 50% of my battery in just one "on hold" session with Verizon Customer service.I agree that the CityID "Trial Offer" that you can't get rid of is a pain.Another tiny annoyance is that Verizon does not allow you to nick name your phone on their website like t-Mobile did.We have five phones on our plan and it was always nice to see name on the billing statement instead of just numbers.I've only had the phone for a week, but already regret the purchase.One last thing that really bothered me is that we didn't receive our phones until like 5 days after they were ordered (labor day holiday was part of the reason), but Verizon wanted to bill me for 3 days prior to the actual receipt of the phones.  How can they charge me for services that they did not provide?

I echo what so many other reviews have said about this phone - great device in so many ways, not so great battery life. The hardware is nice, great screen and good functional buttons across the bottom. But the hardware is not where this phone distinguishes itself.  After spending the last two years with the BlackBerry Storm and RIM's OS 5.0, moving to Android 2.2 is so satisfying, especially since I am no longer doing battery pulls throughout the day. I finally feel like I arrived at the app party, as the BB App World just wasn't doing it for me. And while I was sad to leave BB Messenger (the strongest reason to stick with BB for your personal device needs and the only thing that is keeping RIM alive outside of corporate email), I easily found an app that essentially replaces BBM for free. The Android Marketplace is easy to navigate and includes anything you would want, and often multiple versions of it. And while it is true that Android OS makes this phone what it is, users also get the benefit of the HTC user interface. In my mind, the HTC Sense interface is why people love this phone more than anything Motorola puts out. Needless to say, I am extremely happy with my switch and there is little I would change with this phone. I have customized this phone and this will be my can't-live-without device for at least the next two years. To beat the battery issues, I have taken to bringing my charger with me to work and charging it fully before I leave for the day in addition to charging it over night. Yes it's a pain, but this is what's necessary when you must always be connected. When I think back to my first cell phone seven years ago, it is incredible how far we've come.

Let me get this out of the way first: This phone is significantly better than any other smartphone in its class, including the iPhone 3GS.Coming from a ROOT-ed Motorola Droid running 2.1, I had a difficult time not being able to remove the crap apps (like City ID, more on that later) on the Incredible (also running 2.1). Also, getting used to the interface changes that the HTC makes is difficult, but once I got used to them I found them great. I like how it can integrate so many things into HTC's Sense UI; Google Contacts, Facebook contacts (and galleries!), Flickr Galleries, Twitter, Company Directory, etc etc. I actually signed up for Verizon's Visual Voice Mail because of the fantastic integration that the HTC Messages app has with it. Some, but not all, of the standard apps are still there, like Calendar. HTC removed some standard Android apps probably to help avoid confusion and redundancy.The HTC Clock/Weather widget is pure eye-candy, if you don't mind it taking half your home screen. The HTC Widgets are top-notch, for sure, especially the Calendar widget. The Friend Stream widget shows your Facebook, Flickr and Twitter updates as a whole, and not just cut-off messages. But, if you launch the actual app, from the Widget icon, for example, the app itself allows browsing all of the galleries, status updates, etc. in an organized and easy to find fashion. The Add Widget interface has a link to download more HTC widgets such as a Coin flipper, Dice, Notes, "Today In History, and a Tip Calculator/Check Splitter. Note that this device is missing the HTC News widget, but, using EStrongs File Explorer I was able to install the Android 2.1 GenieWidget.apk New Widget from the Nexus One (upon install it gave an error, but actually worked after a reboot).There are a few others tweaks that people might appreciate. The first thing that someone may notice is the "black glass" theme, with widgets to match. It's fairly well done and reminds me of AdamZ Smoked Glass ROM. Reopening the app drawer takes you back to where you recently left off, instead of having to scroll back down (handy if you have a lot of apps). There is also a feature called Scenes, which allows you to save your device's current customization state (widgets, wallpapers, screens). There are some default ones like Work, Travel, Play. I'm not sure if Scenes integrate with Locale. Of course there are the 7 home screens with screen preview (also possible with Helix or ADW Launcher).I did not care for the physical keyboard of the Motorola Droid. After finding gesture-based keyboards, I will likely never go back (ShapeWriter, Swype). But, the HTC IME keyboard is fanstatic, too. It's on-par if not better, than the iPhones'. The OLED screen is stunning. Everything looks so much better on it than on the Moto Droid's LCD screen, it's hard to describe. The auto-brightness works great, too. Note that the Incredible's resolution is slightly less at 800x480 versus 854x480 for the Moto Droid, but it's not really a problem or even very noticeable.Compared to the Motorola Droid, this smartphone feels significantly lighter. I know it's only about a 1.5 ounce difference and about the same thickness, but it feels much thinner and lighter than the numbers suggest. I suppose at this scale, every little bit really does make a large difference. I haven't put the trackball to any use other than having to click it for the camera. I'm not really sure what I would use it for that isn't already easy enough to do on the touch screen.As for speed, this device is ridiculously fast. This phone has a 1GHz processor and 8GB of internal storage with capacity for up to 32GB more via microSD card. It is a huge improvement over the Motorola Droid, even when it was overclocked to 1Ghz. It's super-stable, too. I haven't had a single Force Close at all. The camera takes photos super fast. The browser loads super fast. The interface and animations are super fast. Everything about this phone is just pure speed. The battery life seems to coincide with the quickness of the phone, with significantly increased drain on the battery compared with my Motorola Droid.This phone runs on rocket fuel with a ten-gallon tank. It's going to get you where you need, fast, but you'll have to filler-up to continue. I will admit that strangely enough, the battery life has been slowly getting better with each charge (about 10 charges now). It has been difficult pin-point the exact issue with the battery, since the Battery Usage section shows Android System as using nearly 90+% of the battery every time I've checked. The Motorola Droid was more specific (display, WiFi, Android OS, Android System, etc.) Seidio has a 1750mAh battery that is the same size as the original which provides a nice boost without adding bulk to the phone.Hopefully, the few complaints I have can be addressed with the availability of ROOT for this phone, which is in the works. The ability to under/overclock it should address some of the battery concerns. I suspect that trimming down the OS will help as well, as I'm sure some of those background service apps are taking a toll on battery life.In conclusion, this is a very fast, beautiful device. It truly lives up to its name.I'd also like to take a moment to give a big F-U to Verizon for forcing the City ID app on us. A $1.99 monthly subscription app that comes preinstalled as a 15-day trial on the phone and cannot be uninstalled! It is supposed to "display the city and state of an incoming call", but that is false and misleading. It displays the origination of a caller ID number, not where the caller is actually physically calling from. I could have a Los Angeles, CA cell phone number, but be in Las Vegas, NV and it shows up as Los Angeles, CA. Stupid, stupid, stupid. On top of that, some people are reporting that after 15 days are up, it nags you about subscribing each time a phone call is received. I've only had my phone for about a week, but I'm not looking forward to this.

OK, I could give this device some credit for the other things it is that it is not bad at. For example, it is a pretty good stopwatch and gps. It replaces a bunch of gadgets I used to carry. But as a phone, it makes me scream. Why, the thing just does what it wants, not what I want. It turns the ringer off without my prompting it to do so. It calls people without me telling it to. In short, the thing has a mind of its own. I guess that makes it a robot, but what I wanted is a phone!!!

In terms of performance, functionality, customization, and speed this phone is very comparable, if not better, than the iphone...good coverage as well from Verizon.

It seems that many reviewers already gave top-notch reviews of the Droid Incredible itself.  I wanted to just add a bit as someone who had the iPhone 3Gs, switched over to the Incredible, switched to iPhone 4, and then BACK to the Incredible.I had initially preordered the Incredible and received it two days earlier than the expected date.  This detail is irrelevant now but it definitely added to the whole experience of what is an awesome phone in so many ways.  My primary reason for getting an Android phone is because I'm a heavy Google user for both personal and work.  The three most used apps are:1) Gmail2) Calendar3) Google VoiceWithout a doubt, Android excels in these three.  You can read more about the "how" in other reviews.  If the phone is so great, why did I go back to iPhone?Well, when it became legal to jailbreak your phone (i.e. install apps not approved by Apple), I thought that I would go back and give it a shot to see what some of the 3rd party apps were like.  In particular, I wanted to use GV Mobile, widgets, shortcuts, and a new lock screen.  After jailbreaking your phone, you do get back some of the functionality that comes with an Android phone.  But in the end, it simply fell short in all those areas when compared to the Droid.  The Droid is fast, customizable, and uses HTC Sense which provides a nice polished look.The areas where iPhone 4 out"does" the Incredible:1) Camera.  Don't be deceived by this whole 5 megapixel vs 8 megapixel.  The iPhone camera/video camera is significantly better.2) Polish.  HTC has done a great job making the phone nicer to look at and use, but this is still Apple's territory and they are still king of the hill here.3) Apps.  Andriod's app selection is growing but the apps on their own (not multitasking capablities) are availability in a wider variety and higher quality.4) Battery.  I was surprised at how short the life of the Incredible battery was.  I was equally surprised at how good iPhone 4's battery is.I would still recommend the iPhone 4 to almost anyone that is just looking for a fun phone with lots of random apps.  But if you definitely want the best experience with any Google service, don't waste your time - get the Incredible.  Simply put - it is the best phone I have ever used and Android is developing at a rapid pace that is improving with every step.

A search for some real reviews after the phone came out proved fruitless, Droid fans lovefests are seriously lacking in content. I took the plunge anyway and figured I share my experience to give future buyers some real world facts to help them decide.Pros: Awesome screen color and readability, Google Navigation, good voice quality, more than enough quality apps. While at first it is not as easy or intuitive an interface as an Iphone, with Sense UI and tweeking settings it will become YOUR personal interface. You'll constantly be fiddling with it just because you want to!Cons: Sunlight rapidly renders it unviewable, and that's key since what good is Google navigation if one can't see the directions when driving? Yeah it speaks to you, but sometime you need to see the screen before the turn to figure out what is really coming up. Mount it up on the dash, and it gets partially washed out. Forget outdoors! This phone becomes a game of is this enough shade to read the screen??Add the stupidity of no Bluetooth voice dialing, confirmed by Verizon themselves, and this is becoming a dud in the Big Brother hands off states and cities. If you travel a lot, being able to see the GPS screen, voice dialing and bluetooth are mandatory features.Battery life. Are you kidding me? 1300 mAh?? With such a lightweight, why can't the phone come with a built in app to allow power management schemes??Better yet, give us a bigger battery, HTC already makes a 1500 mAh, and a 3rd party makes 1750 mAh batteries that fit. at this price the cheap battery shows you what Verizon thinks of us (and yes we are stupid sheep who will buy the phone anyway,bah!)Overall: Rushed to market and overhyped by Droid fans in the media, it still manages to have enough qualities to be a keeper. You'll have to figure out how to work around the washed out screen, and hope they will update the software to improve the voice recognition and bt dialing. In the meantime, do what I did and only get a one year contract on this.

I have tried a number of different smartphones and was actually planning on holding out for an Android 2.1 phone with a large screen, fast processor, and a qwerty keyboard.  But when I tried this phone out at the Verizon store, I was sold.  I have used the iPhone onscreen keyboard and I actually feel that the Incredible keyboard works better.  I can actually type about 20wpm using the Incredible onscreen keyboard.  I do not know if it is just the way I type, but I get more typos when I try to type at the same speed using the iPhone keyboard.I thought the topography style back plate would be weird, but I actually like it a lot.  It not only gives you a better grip when holding the phone, but it is actually well implemented.  The build quality is excellent, with no loose parts or squeaky components.  The display is bright and crisp, and I have not yet seen the phone stutter because of lack of processing power.Apps are plentiful.  It is true that Android Market currently has 50k apps versus the iPhone App Store's 190k apps, but I believe it is more like 30k versus 60k, as many, many apps are completely useless, redundant, or both.  It has all of the apps I need along with some amazing Google apps.  Android Market is also growing exponentially with the widespread adoption of Android.  The Incredible also has widgets which the iPhone does not have.  A calendar widget allows you to see what is on your agenda on the home screen with having to launch any calendar app.  The built in FM tuner is nice.This smartphone is also highly customizable.  You can change widget placement, widget sizes, app placement, active wallpapers, and your Incredible can look different from other Incredibles.  However, because of its customizability, it is a little more complicated than the iPhone.  More options and features necessarily entails slightly more complexity, but the Incredible is still amazingly intuitive.  I have not yet needed to reference the instruction manual a single time, and I have used the smartphone extensively for about a week.I have separate mailboxes for Gmail, Exchange, and Yahoo Mail.  The contacts and calendar synched from my Google and Facebook accounts surprisingly perfectly. They helped me set mine up in store and installed the free 2GB memory card.  I actually purchased mine the afternoon of the release date.  The store had 45 at the beginning of the day, and they had 2 left when I got mine.  The store manager said that the first three people waiting in line for the Incredible when the store opened were iPhone users who decided to switch.The Incredible allows Flash, giving you the option of viewing Flash content if you like.  The iPhone does not even give you the option of using Flash because Steve Jobs does not like Adobe and Flash.  The Incredible also allows you to download apps from Android market or other sources.  Not only does Apple restrict you to downloading apps only from Apple's app store, Apple censors the apps in the app store based on some opaque and whimsical criteria.  Apple recently censored an app from a journalist who was critical of Steve Jobs.  In my opinion, Steve Jobs is becoming too powerful and is showing his inner Big Brother.  Sure the iPhone is double plus good, but this Droid is Incredible.

So I purchased my phone a few months ago, and decided to write a review, now that I've really put it through it's paces.  I was coming from a original iPhone on AT&T.;In comparison to the iPhone, I must say, the call quality is much, much better.  I can hear people, I can talk to people, and the only people who get dropped are people who are still on iPhones.I had used my iPhone as my full time music player.  The Incredible is a fine substitute for my commute listening.  I will say that the sound isn't quite as "full" as the iPhone, so if you are a true audiophile, you probably will notice.  Also, the music player app is close, but just a little bit below the iPhone.Battery life seems comparable to the iPhone when you have everything on - not quite a full day if you're constantly playing around with your phone.  I solve this by keeping wi-fi, bluetooth and GPS off unless I need them.  It's really easy to do compared to iPhone, since you don't have to find all the settings.  It works because the internet is super fast over the cell connection anyhow, and I won't have wi-fi out of the home anyhow.  The GPS is really draining, so if I'm using this for long car trips, I have a car charger.The best thing over the iPhone is really the ability to customize.  I didn't really like the stock keyboard - so now I have three options, depending on my mood.  I've been playing with other music players as well.  I love having the widgets so I don't have to find settings.So, all in all, the slight dip in music player is worth it for all the customizing.

I was very excited to get the new Droid Incredible. To be very honest the apps are great and speed was very good, however for me the phone was a huge dissapointment. I returned it within two days. The two biggest problems are the vibrate function and the battery life. I need to keep the phone in vibrate mode at work, but the vibrate mode is so low that you cannot feel when you get a message or email, I missed twenty work calls the first day! There is NO setting to increase the power of the vibration and I called tech support and there is no patch or download to improve this function, how could they not put a setting to increase the strength of the vibrate mode! The battery life is very poor, I had to charge it twice a day, AND another person at work sent the Droid back after a week because of the same battery problem. It is a shame, I really like the phone and I am very upset that these two design / engineering flaws were not detected and corrected before it's release. I mean what geniuses test these things before they go out to the public!!

I bought my Droid Incredible about a month ago and now I find that without it I go through withdrawals.  I thought I lost mine and went out to purchase another within hours, only to have an administrator find my original.  Verizon allowed me to return the one I had just purchased minus a restocking fee ($35).Now I use google navigation for my gps, I bought Klipsch earphones to listen to music and watch videos before I teach class to get more familiar with techniques.  I teach Krav Maga and new techniques keep coming in from the IDF (Israeli Defense Forces).  Yes sir, I am trapped by the comprehensive environment which the Droid puts you in.  The first time I plugged it into my computer, it synced my contact list and does so periodically.  My main accounts are gmail and yahoo.The touch technology is incredible and I have "phone envy" to none, my HTC Incredible is just that, Incredible.  Blackberry users drool and iPhone users wish they had the capabilities I have (multitasking).  So for less money than an iPhone I got a more powerful and functional phone.The Droid 2.2 OS so completely opens me into an unrestricted world of media and streaming.  As far as media sales go, it's Amazon (non proprietary) v.  Apple store and the little apple world, one full of worms.  Wake up, this is an open source world, even MSFT participates with media.

I would choose this over an Iphone even if I got the Iphone free.  I think it has more capabilities and is more useful.The phone is very tough. I recommended it to my gf even though she was out of her contract and could get an iphone.Seriously.. get a google voice number and you have a very useful communication device.cons have been some weird problems that come and go with system updates. After a year it is a much better phone and if you get one now its very mature.  I am not happy with the facebook integration it sucks the battery.I have had a chance to use Motorola phones as well as part of my job and I would take and iphone before one of those.If this phone was not available I would use an iphone.  the fact that its so cheap makes it a no-brainer.

The HTC Droid Incredible is ambitiously named, but lives up to the expectations. The screen is absolutely amazing. It's bright, saturated, and looks absolutely beautiful. It responds very well to touch, and is big enough to display webpages, apps, and most importantly to me, Google Maps.The excellent screen, paired with the 1GHz SnapDragon processor creates a fast, colorful experience that can't be matched by the current generation of iPhones or BlackBerries. Navigation is smooth and seamless, even while running Pandora in the background and reading the news in a browser or looking for apps in the Android Market.The GPS is quick to lock on, much faster than the BlackBerry Bold I previously used. Google Maps works beautifully with this phone; the amazing screen and fast processor really shine. The navigation feature in the newest version of Google Maps works wonders despite being a beta version.This phone sets the bar high and easily out-performs the current aging generation of iPhones. The Android market is growing at a rapid pace, and the Android OS is superior in many ways to the iPhone OS. Even so, the real stars of the show are the screen and CPU. This is the first phone I've used that can replace a laptop for basic functionality.

Great feel in the hand, size and weight. Excellent screen and touch response. Apps are fast. Horrible sound quality, horrible, reception, horrible battery life. Conversations are impossible. Consist of, what?...what?... what did you say? Sounds garbled, breaking up. Dropped calls, rarely gets a 3G signal. I am a light user and still have to recharge the battery 2 or 3 times a day. Can't believe I waited 3 weeks for this piece of junk. Can't believe I gave up my iPhone on AT&T for this. HTC Customer Service, after three complaints and getting nothing but a canned 'There is nothing wrong with our phone', finally said a ROM update is forthcoming. Will not say when it is be available. Better be before my 30 days are up, or I won't be there to receive it. No guarantee it will even solve the problems. When I googled my issues, I found thousands of others with the same issues.

My wife and I bought moved to Verizon for this new Android phone. I'll make my review of the HTC Incredible short and to the point:Pros:-Fast-Responsive-Intuitive-Touch screen works well (my first touch screen device)Cons:-Battery life is simple terrible. I will be lucky to get a full day at moderate usage. I'm considering investing in a car charger because I'm afraid it will die after a work day. I'm also considering buying a more powerful battery, but that will cost around $40 based on Amazon's prices.-Reception bars (the 4 bars at the top) fluctuates wildly - having only 1 or 2 bars even in metro areas is common. Is the antenna bad or is the way the phone interprets signal quality defective? That is not clear. My wife has had poor call quality, but I have not.-3g notification bar rarely lights up. Again, does this mean the device isn't receiving 3g or that the way the phone interprets the signal bad? Based on speed tests, I believe 3g is working. However, if the 3g notification icon doesn't light up when there is 3g, what's the use in having it?Hopefully, HTC and Verizon work together to fix these issues if a software fix is even possible.****************** EDIT May 12, 2010I've been using the phone longer and have some additional thoughts that prompted me to add 1 star to the review and temper my original con list.BATTERY: First, the battery indicator life is misleading. On a full charge, it seems as though using the phone for 10 minutes results in 25% of the battery to discharge. However, the next 50% of the battery life seems to last the rest of the day. I've only had a "low battery" indication once so far.  My previous phone was a Blackberry 9700, and the battery could last me 2-3 days on a charge. It has been surprising that I have to charge my phone every night, but I'm adjusting.SIGNAL STRENGTH: I think the signal strength indicator is either more sensitive or just miscalibrated. I've seen full bars three times since I've had this phone, but I've had no problems with reception.3G NOTIFICATION BAR: This was a misunderstanding on my part. I've verified this with speed tests and phone diagnostics.The one additional comment I would make about this phone is that I miss the universal inbox feature of my Blackberry where all emails, texts, and such would appear. I'm exploring to see if there is an app that will simulate this.

I use the HTC incredible as mini computer, GPS, Internet browser, calendar, compass, radar, trapster device, camera, video camera, calculator, barcode scanner, sky map, MP3 player, FM radio receiver, Mini TV... ah and don't forget! as a cellphone,  so I expect this phone to use up battery at alarming rates. A bigger battery was warranted given this many features, other than than just HTC awesomeUpdate After 7 months:To keep up with power demand I had to buy a Seidio 1750 Battery for $57, didn't even last for 8 hrs, so upgraded to the Seidio Battery 3500, for another $53 plus the protective cover for $31, this has to be the most expensive phone to own in the planet...Great features but, I am sorry, I cannot afford to own one HTC phone on my next upgrade

I was torn between the Incredible, a new Blackberry Tour or Bold, and the iPhone 4g. After lots of research I landed on the Incredible and am very happy I did. I had the Eris prior to this and while it did show potential, it was slow and couldn't seem to handle all the music I loaded onto it. The Incredible handles everything I throw at it extremely well - it's ridiculously fast and smooth. The Market is constantly growing and I personally like it's future much more than Apple's app store. There are a ton of great apps that are completely free. Within a day of getting it I'm already using my Incredible as a GPS, iPod, phone, great camera, calendar device, game console, golf course yardage tool, and more. I paid nearly full retail but believe this phone is worth it. I was also able to cancel my $60/month backup internet service and tether with this phone instead! Just a great device - no problems to report yet (although like I said, haven't used it long).

First of all, I'd like to tell you a little about myself so you get an idea of where I am coming from.  I am a college student in computer engineering, and have never had a smartphone before.  My previous phone was an LG env2, which while a solid phone had little in the way of multimedia features.  I've been waiting for months to purchase an iPhone (and jealously eying my dad's iPhone in the process), but decided to go with the Incredible instead when it became clear the iPhone wasn't coming to Verizon and I couldn't be happier.The primary reason I decided to go with this phone initially was because of Verizon.  My dad has an iPhone 3GS, and even though it is a slick device with great apps and a nice interface, he struggles to get reception both at home and at work (and he lives near a major university and works on that university campus).  No matter how awesome a phone is on it's own merits, what good is it if it can't receive calls in the two places where you spend the majority of your time on a daily basis?  Note that he is clearly within the stated coverage area for AT&T.;  As for Verizon, they have an awesome network - I can get 3G in the building where I work while all other networks can't even get cell phone signal.The second reason I went with Android over the iPhone was because of development.  While I don't plan to be a heavy developer, I like the ability to write a simple application if I see the need without having to have both a mac and a developer's license.  Additionally, the ability to supply an app outside the app store gives nice flexibility if I don't want to go to all the trouble to have it listed or if I just want to share it with a few people.  On that note, while the Android store isn't great and certainly isn't anywhere near as good as the Apple app store, I find that ~95% of the apps I want are available there (plus the awesomeness of several google apps like navigation, maps, goggles and gmail that aren't available through apple), and find that using google search in combination with the Android store is a viable (if somewhat less elegant) alternative to the apple store.  Also, the ability to run live widgets (applications that show information passively without being interacted with on home screens) is a nice feature of the Android phone over the iPhone as well.Now that I've explained why I went with a Verizon Android phone, I'll explain why I went with the HTC Incredible over several other worthy options.  The main choices I had with Verizon were the Moto Droid and the HTC Eris.  The Eris is designed to be a cheaper, mid-level android device and while there is nothing wrong with that, it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  As for the Droid, it is in my opinion the only serious competitor for the Incredible in the Verizon lineup.  While noticeably inferior hardware-wise, it has the advantage of slightly better battery life and a physical keyboard, as opposed to the Incredible's soft keyboard.  This does come at the price of making the device noticeably thicker, however, so that's something to be aware of.  Personally, I find that with the text-to-speech features and custom on-screen keyboards like swype (which allows you to slide your fingers between keys to make words instead of pressing them - very handy), I can actually type faster than I can on a physical keyboard.  But if a physical keyboard is a must, go with the Moto Droid.  Additionally, this is definitely personal preference but I really do like the Sense UI of the HTC phones much better than the UI for the Moto phones - it comes off as much more polished and usable in my opinion without sacrificing any of the power of the base interface.Additionally, be aware that there is another Moto Droid on the way in the next month - the Droid Shadow or the Droid 2 as it is sometimes called.  It apparently has, among other things, an updated UI and the same processor as the Incredible (1 GHz snapdragon), but details besides that are sparse.  If you aren't sold on the Incredible, it may be to your advantage to wait and see more details on this phone to see if it fits your needs better.I guess I should probably say a few things about the Incredible itself now - it feels great in my hands, is responsive when I move between applications and windows and has a very nice camera.  I was a little disappointed by how much battery the camera uses, but that's to be expected I guess.  That leads in to perhaps my biggest disappointment with the phone - the battery life.  Coming from an env2 which I had to plug in about once every 10 days, I find myself having to plug this in more than once a day to make it through the day.  While a much shorter life than my env2 is to be expected, I was hoping it would last at least a full day of on-and-off moderate to heavy usage, but it can't.  However, I have a microUSB cable at work and at home, and I find that if I just put it on the charger whenever I am near my computer and let it charge overnight, that it lasts long enough to get me through those times when I can't charge it.To summarize:Advantages of Incredible over iPhone:-Verizon-Open platform-Customizable-App Deployment/Development-Live widgets-Full multitasking with any app-No iTunes dependency and the ability to sync with multiple computersAdvantages of iPhone over Incredible:-Apps/app finding-Ease of use/learning curve-Battery life optimization-HD video shooting-Better integrated multimedia apps (music, video watching, etc)-Standardization (development for one platform vs. many platforms)NOTE:  If I could rate Amazon separately, I would give them infinity stars for getting me this phone.  It's been backordered on Verizon for months, now showing a date 4 weeks from today as the shipping date if you order now.  In contrast, I ordered from Amazon last Wednesday (when they had them in stock - it happens occasionally if you are curious), and had it in my hands on Friday.  As usual, A+ service from them.

Have had this  phone for 2 months now and I am on my 4th phone.  The first one lasted 1 month and then the speaker blew.  Then the next one came and the camera looked like a 1930's still photo. third phone arrived and will not get a signal.  now waiting on the fourth phone and hopefully that one will work otherwise I am leaving verizon.

I owned an iPhone for 3+ years and decided to switch to the Droid Incredible under Verizon after my reception with AT&T caused me to drop calls on my iPhone pretty much every time I placed a call.  I've owned the Droid for three weeks.  The battery life is horrible.  I charge the phone every night overnight, and with moderate usage, the battery gets me through about 6:00 p.m. if I don't charge mid-day.  I had to install an app called Advanced Task Killer Free (this was Verizon's solution to help extend the battery life#.  Now, every time I use my phone, I have to launch Advanced Task Killer and kill all of the background tasks/apps that are running.  While it only takes a few seconds to do this each time, it becomes very annoying after a while, and feels like it shouldn't be a necessary process when owning a cell phone.  But yesterday was the straw that broke the camel's back for me.  I had the phone in my back pocket and when I sat down on a park bench, the screen cracked very badly.  There is a design flaw in the phone in that the glass plate has a small hole/circle where the joystick device sits towards the bottom of the phone.  This causes the strength of the glass to have a weak point.  The cracks in my screen #7 total) all originate from the joystick circle.  I am switching back to AT&T and iPhone and ditching the Droid.  The quality is nowhere near that of an iPhone.  I will deal with AT&T's coverage issues instead - the grass is NOT greener!

Got the Incredible when BB was offering it for free (I think Amazon now offers it for a pennyHTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)).  I have used it for over a month now. It has replaced my Palm Pilot, iPod Nano, alarm clock, wrist watch, etc.  It has definitely replaced my 8 mega pixel digital camera also....I can now take my pictures and videos and edit/send them right away to my friends and family or to myself without having to turn on my PC....download to my PC....edit them....sign on to email....etc.I use it for my calendar and email so now I'm not handcuffed to my laptop anymore and can quickly check my email and calendar without booting up the pc and logging on etc.  I can now even connect via wireless to my TV and play my phone videos, music, photos, if I want to.  Battery will drain if you use it constantly but it lasts longer than my laptop ever did.By the way, it does phone calls and text messaging even better than the LG flip phone that I had before...and I really liked that phone too.

Ex-IPhone user> The Droid Os has many pluses as well as its faults. The navigation isn't always as intuitive as I would like to see. The touch screen is iffy either too sensitive or inaccurate. Text is a challange cause the lettering doesn't seem to identify the center of the touch and frequently picks the wrong letter and other times it is too easy to remove icons/widgets from the home screen. The android default music player is pitiful and Double Twist is a work around but nowhere near perfect. Where is the freaking "OFF BUTTON" on these apps??? NO case is available for the extended battery. Now it gets buggy. The music will come on when i answer a call or icons won't open unitl after a long delay.What I like is GOOGLE. The google apps, like Talk, Voice, Goggles, Maps, GMail, Navigation, Places and Lattitude are great to use. With other gmail users Google Talk is lke messanger on BB. I have had my DINC for 4 months now.
