
I don't use my phone that often, so i just didn't want to fork out so much money for a smart phone.  I bought a go phone from Walmart, the one that looks like a blackberry and hated it.  It was an inexpensive phone but did not work well at all.  Couldn't hear the phone ring and couldn't hear at all if i was on speaker mode.  This lg phone is much better.  Had to get used to it as it was different from my last phone, but works well for me.  Takes a few more steps to text a message, but again i don't use my phone that often so its fine.  This worked great with ATT plan, just put in your card and it works. I reccommended this to a friend and she bought too and it's fine for her as well.

I find the keyboard a bit hard to read, the color of the letters should contrast the background of the key more. Other than that I am liking the phone.

Don't like keyboard set up.. too many keys to the right of the actual lettered keys.. lose network constantly.. It'll have to do until I can get out of current contract and get a new phone with new service.. but I'm sorry I cheaped out and bought this one. Not real user friendly.

I returned it. I think the keys were too small for me and I just didn't like the phone when I had it in my hand.

The way the user interface is set up reminds you of something that you would have been using 5 years ago. You have to push way more buttons to get anything done than on any other phone I've used, and it holds a charge for almost a day.

i got this phone and then i realized i should have told them to keep it, my neon dies fast, when im on the net i have to keep it plugged in to the charger or it will die. the speaker decides to stop working every now and then, the ear speaker does the same thing. when im in the middle of something the screen goes black and reboots.

It works, but has a bad to the one who calls me on this phone..other than that it is ok.

I purchased this phone for my mom who doesn't like touchscreen phones and she absolutely loves it!! Shipping was EXTRA fast and it was in perfect condition!! Great purchase:)

I haven't used it much yet, but it does seem somewhat difficult to navigate. Once you choose an option, it's hard to go back to the previous thing on the menu. I usually have to start over. I also wish it would unlock and answer by sliding the phone open, it can be hard to find the answer call button in a hurry.

I bought this phone for my mother who is 70-years young.  She is not very tech savvy, but wanted to learn how to text so that she could talk to her grand daughters, but was unable to learn and had difficulty making phone calls which worried me because she doesn't have a land line.  I bought her another Razr phone which was what she was used to and a nice case with a little bling on it and she is extremely happy now!  I gave it five-stars because it wasn't the phone, it was the user...

I purchased 2 of these phones after BOTH my teenagers lost/broke their phones. Please know both my teenagers phone were previously insured, but I have since dropped insurance coverage seeing you have a broad selection of phones at a better value than the insurance deductible. Also, insurance does not cover water damage. I don't understand why consider most damage is either dropped/cracked or water damage. The insurance deductible is $50 per phone while each of these phones were $35. You also get to CHOOSE a different type of phone and the phone is NEW (your insurance carrier will send you a refurbished phone).I gave 4 stars because my teenagers do not like the menu. After using the device, I agree. The menu/buttons are in excess and somewhat complicated. I can affirm 2 things: talk and text features work like a charm. I enjoy how the text screen is formatted and I enjoy the selection of ring tones. This phone is just as good, if not better, than any phone you will get from AT&T.; It has current features such as Bluetooth & MP3 with a camera comparable to other cellular devices of it's class. We had zero issues with the activation process.

My only problem with this phone was a big one.  I couldn't read the letters/symbols on the physical keyboard.  The pale grey background and keys with dark letters just doesn't make it visible unless the backlighting is lit up.  Even then, it was nearly impossible to read the numbers.  I had to send it back and ordered another LG phone of a similar style that has a better contrast on keyboard.  Note: Dark keys with light-colored letters/numbers/symbols are much easier to read than Light-colored keys with dark-colored letter/numbers/symbols.

This will tie us over while we wait for our upgrade period.  Could not believe we could still find this particular phone brand new.

Some of the phone calls do not go through on this phone. I don't know if it has to do with reception from my cellphone carrier or not.

I got this for my 83 yr old mom and she loves it because it is compact and easy to use.

This phone worked for about 2 days. During this time, I think I had 1 call and a few texts. On the 2nd day it shut off and refused to turn back on. Plugging it in doesn't seem to help. I'm returning the item, this is a lemon.Also, the only touch screen features are for typing in numbers. You have to navigate everything else via buttons. Which is annoying but for a replacement phone... the deal breaker was when it died after 2 days.

LG GT 365The phone only works with AT&T...I; thought it was an unlocked, unattached phone.  Now, cant use it.

Bought this for my daughter first phone. The price is okay. To early to say how long, it would last.

i bought this phone thinking it was unlock but it was never unlock . still have the phone. thought i would get the unlock code or atleast already unlock but no. was unable to use the phone .

Cheap unlocked phone great for texting. I don't use the Internet on this phone but for calling and texting it works great.  Have dropped it without breaking and it fit in the front pocket.

Bought this phone for my mother, she loves it. She has never had a cell phone before and needed it for emergencies, so this was the perfect phone for her to get. Now if I could just get her to stop texting me... LOL

This phone was way too small didn't work at all I had to replace it I was very disappointed and definatly not the way it was described  not recommend anyone purchasing this item.

I got the phone and it looked new when I called att I was told it was a used phone and locked. Im not able to use it.

She loves this phone, she can keep it in her back pocket. I like that it worked very well with her t-mobile sims card, they charge so much for new phones. I will be buying more phones from Amazon in the future.

My daughter says, &#34; This is a good phone, but it is a little slow. It works fairly well and all of the buttons work and are visible.&#34;

Easy to use and very durable.  I have two kids and so juggling things in my arms and hands is a concern.  This phone has survived a few drops already.

this was a replacement phone for my mother.  it was terrible and did not get service in her office building where she normally gets service.  returned to amazon.

I got this a gift for someone overseas. This does not have front camera for Skype. That was only complain. But I can always find out about unlock feature.

I ended up purchasing one of these for my son who had an aging cell phone.  Although there have been some mixed reviews, our phone is working great.  Its been 2 months and it's held up so far.  Time will tell!

My son loves it he says it easy to use, carry, and durable he has dropped it and sit on it still works good.

OOPS I WAS TALKING ABOUT THE PH IN MY LAST COMMENT. THE COVER IS JUST FINE AND LOOKS GOOD. THINKING OF BUY A DIFF. PHONE

This is a really nice cellphone but I can't seem to get my sim card to work in it. Need to check it out and see if I'm doing something wrong; other than that this is a very nice phone.

First of all, this phone was sent to me with the previous owners contacts in it, which is just tacky, considering that it came from a store. The phone did not charge at all. I sent it back promptly.

The phone is a little awkward and takes time for even the most intuitive kids to figure out. The front face plate is just plane wierd. Phone does it's job and seems greate for kids. I personally would never buy one for me or for someone who needs their phone for more than just emergencies.

The phone I received was manufactured in 2009 and it doesn't have predictive text/T9. When I bought this phone, I wasn't expecting much from it except to talk and text regularly and occasionally use the internet. I am aware this isn't a smartphone, but I expect to have T9 and not for it to take so long to connect or disconnect to the internet.

not good

I purchased this phone for my mom.  It came with everything it said it will come.  Good condition.  My mom says that she likes it.  The phone arrived quickly after I ordered it.

Needed a cheap phone until my contract with AT&T expires. Phone works great although signal strength is a little weak sometimes.

It's a piece of crap. I've had it less than 4 months, and it puts the text conversations out of order, and you can't scroll up to see a person's reply, and the screen goes black randomly. Do not, I repeat do not buy this phone.

The person I got it for is satisfied with the phone, never-mind its not touchscreen and it doesn't seem to match up with the blue-tooth headset, that was suggested, I bought with it.

It is outdated way more than other phones in its category.  It slows down and can't handle storing more than a few pictures taken with the camera--NEEDS SD card or you will be miserable.  Great looking phone, but thats it---Try The SPARQ instead, way better phone.

I love the phone.  The keys are spaced to where it isn't hard to text with my big fingers.  It is handy.

This was a birthday gift for my daughter item arrived very well packed as to prevent damage affordable price for a quality product

I hate this phone.  it has dropped more calls in one month than i've dropped in the last 15 years of owning a cell phone.  Also the texting is annoying due to having to turn on AND off the function button.  Don't buy it!

Okay phone, do not like that you have to change the angel to be about to call, just gets a little inconvenient. I would not recommend this phone based on the design .

is as stated I guess I just thought it would be easier to use  says it is a smart phone do not believe it

I love this phone.I just bought it for my daughter and she loves it. and it indeed was unlocked as promised

When I received this phone I couldn't believe it!  Instead of the normal &#34;clear plastic sticker&#34;on the glass front that you just pull off, this phone had a paper sticker glued on the front!!  I tried to peel it off but it wouldn't come off without serious work which of course just scratched up the glass display.  I never bothered to try the phone at that point since the display was already messed up with glue, paper and scratches.  I would NEVER purchase from this seller again.  Returned for refund - as always Amazon Customer Service was great!

I purchased the phone and when I received it, I took it to t mobile to get my number on it, and the phone only worked for about 3 days, very disappointed!!!! Such a waste of my money

This phone is not ergonomically designed. The buttons are small and it's hard to type on it. The area of the keypad is also too small, I don't like how it slides. Not easy to navigate through phone, I returned it after one day. Unless you have small hands, don't buy this phone.

My wife damaged her 1st one and liked it so much she made me find the same phone so I did.

crappy

Brand new!! Just as described awesome phone had the same exact one before broke the screen so I had to get another one that I was satisfied with and I was happy to find one with such a great price

Texts are late getting to me . Ring tone not very  loud. I now wish I went with the other  phone I was looking at

I purchased this phone and three days later it crapped out on me because it got a drop of water on it. This is a really cheap phone, so don't expect much.

Bought as a replacement when previous phone ended up in the laundry. Nice and clean, and blown...sturdy, inexpensive phone for kids.

All of my kids use the same phone--this particular LG Neon. They especially like the slide out Qwerty keyboard. The battery life is very good. After a year's use, one of the phones had an issue with not being able to receive picture messages. Another reviewer here had the answer: Do a master reset using the pass code 0000. Doing so did not lose any data, and the phone has worked perfectly ever since.

I buy this phone for send to my country because I believe this phone was unlocked,but I lost my money because it was blockedand could not connect,I am very angry with this situation

I ordered this for my 8 year old to replace her previous very cheap phone. It's main selling point was the price and that I would not have to sign a contract with my cell carrier to add her to my plan. The phone, as described by it's dimensions, is very small. The numeric pad is located in the middle of the the qwerty keypad. My 8 year old likes it, she takes pictures and listens to music sometimes. Primarily used for text messaging with me when she is away from me. Works fine so far, it is just really small and feels really cheap.

I'm not a smart phone consumer, yet. This phone is a great value for the price, but it is very unfriendly to the user. The keys are too close together, which causes mis-dialing. The manual included with the phone is no good in finding information. The phone doesn't alert you when you have a missed call. You have to go through too many steps to find missed calls. Make sure you order a data plug, because it doesn't come with one. The camera is a little weak. I haven't got too many clear pictures. I thought maybe I am doing something wrong, but the manual doesn't address troubleshooting the camera. I can't find the zoom. I'm lost. That's why I am giving it only stars for the value according to the price.

This phone is very easy to use.I loved the slide out keyboard. It is also very easy to use and figure out.

Bought it for additional line on my plan. That line has no internet so I needed something simple. This one was a good choice. Has a touch screen only when punching in a phone number. Awsome for fast texting.

I hoped to use this phone outside the USA whilst on my travels but it was a huge disappointment. This unit does not work on GSM networks if you are more than 10kms from a network tower. All other phones i have used in the same areas, with the same SIM card have full bars of the network. I don't know if it just a weak antenna or the AT&T software loaded on the phone.

For a bit of a cheap phone I haven't thrown it in a bog yet.....  slow when text messages pile up but otherwise an ok little phone.

Old tech. Compared to newer stuff.

I hate it its too small and the keyboard is too flat and its really hard to type dont get it you are just wadting ur money

I bought this last year only because I lost my phone and needed something to hold me over until my current contract was up. I had hoped to be able to resell it at that point, or maybe give it to family member who didn't have a smartphone yet. It worked well for maybe 3 months.The phone FEELS well built. It's small, compact, and you get the feeling it would survive a fall very well, although I never had the 'opportunity' to test that. Having a full keyboard is nice, although the keys feel a bit weird. You have to press down on them a little harder than you would think, and some of the button placements are a little weird, which lead to a lot of prematurely sent messages while I was first get used to it. Compared to the keyboard of the Samsung Glide, which is the phone that I replaced this one with, it felt awkward, although one could probably get used to it within a week or two.The interface is nice, and using a touch keypad for dialing was a nice bit of functionality as well. I do kind of wish they had expanded the touch functionality for other things however, maybe for some games, but it wasn't too big of a deal.However, all of this was rendered moot once this phone decided to have problems calling people. More often than not, I would be unable to have a conversation with anyone. I would try to call someone, but then I would be unable to hear anything coming through. People could hear me, apparently, but all they heard was me asking "Hello?" over and over again, trying to tell if it was working or not. I soon learned that if I couldn't hear the phone ringing within the first 5 seconds of calling, I would have to hang up and try again. Once I could hear their phone ringing, I would stay on, assured that I would be able to hear the other person, assuming they would answer. Oddly enough, I don't recall having this problem when someone called me, only the other way around.Luckily my phone only started having problems just before I was eligible for an upgrade from my carrier. I don't really regret getting this phone, but I certainly wouldn't get it again. It's a nice phone for the money, but it seems like, based on my own experience and some of the other reviews, it's a bit of a risky purchase.

Honestly, I find it a little difficult to navigate around on this phone, but I guess it serves its purpose as an inexpensive phone for my husband who rarely finds a need for a cellular phone.

I Bought the phone for my Nephew who using it back home. he really meat his goal. He love it. I will order one soon for my husband, Thanks. Magalie

Cheap phone but works. It is ok for a quick fix to a no phone problem but the back is pitifully cheap plastic. Ill bet it falls off and is lost in no time.

Never Recieved phone. Would not recommend. While a great piece of technology it was rather frustrating to order a device and not have it shipped

OK for the price, but if you can afford something better, then go for it.  It completely stopped working after only 3 weeks.  Was it a rare occurrence?  I don't know if they're that cheaply made or I just got unlucky.  I can't tell you.  My refund was very quick and pain free through Amazon, though.I bought this as I still have a problem buying $200+ android devices.  It seems the more expensive the phone is, the quicker you will wash it in your jean's pockets and destroy it, drop it, loose it, or otherwise destroy and mangle it.Let's see, it's not an android.  The keyboard is extremely hard to get used to.  It *is* a touchscreen but you can only use the touchscreen for very specific functions.  I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now and I am just now figuring out how to send text messages without sliding the keyboard out, typing, sliding it back in, and pressing send.  The buttons and interface are extremely vague.  I guess you DO need to probably read the manual on this, it's just not obvious how even the simplest of tasks are performed.Another super "awesome" feature that the programmers and engineers decided to throw into this phone, if your battery is even somewhat low, it completely removes your ability to send text messages.  Thanks LG Engineers, it was sort of critical I send a text message, but your engineers sure did know better that I shouldn't do that for no obvious reason!  Yes, no kidding, if the battery becomes within 2-3 hours of going completely dead, it will not allow you to open the text messaging "application".  Or the "contacts" application.  So you're left with dialing numbers by memory.Reception?  Well it gets no better reception than any other phone I've used, but possibly worse.Camera? You can take pictures, but what do you expect?  It's not great, but I didn't expect it to be great.The overall usage is very fumbly.  Like I said, I've had it for I believe 3 weeks now, and I still struggle with the even most basic features and tasks.  Send a message?  Let me go through 15 menu's trying to find it.  Who was the last missed call?  3 minutes later, I might have it right.The overall construction is fairly sturdy, except the back that holds the battery in.  It's a piece of plastic about as thin as 4 sheets of paper and every time you drop the phone, even gently onto carpet, the phone will explode into the phone-battery-back-piece combo requiring a quick reassembly.One more annoyance, YES it's one of those annoying phones where you can hang up on people repeatedly by pressing the "hang up" button with your cheek.  It's not as awful as some, but I've done it twice in 3 weeks.I was pretty hard on the phone, but for roughly $40, can you REALLY complain?  It's not an Android, or a "nice" phone, but it does the job and is better than some similarly priced phones.

Wanted to give 5 stars but had a small problem getting started on Tmobile. Yes, it is unlocked, but not exactly a &#34;pop in any sim and go&#34; phone. After 15-20 mins on the line with tmobile techs to get it set up, when all was said and done, it's a good little phone. I bought it as a spare for when my kids are having their phones repaired. Texting is difficult when you have meathooks for hands but my son actually got used to it quickly. I'm thinking about getting another for my mother-in-law because the virtual key pad on the screen is bigger than the one on her phone and alot easier to see. All in all, a good little phone for someone looking for a basic texting phone.

I bought this phone for my son to replace his old phone. Not too happy with this phone after a month or so He couldn't receive picture messages. It would say not able to upload photo. The keyboard is hard to type with. But I guess for $30 you get what you paid for. Would not recommend it.

I bought this as a christmas gift for my son. He liked it a lot, it was perfect for what he needed. Three weeks after activating it the screen stopped working :- /

The phone works great and has all the features we were looking for. For the price, you can't beat it....

bought it for my son , he loves it . Hoping no one steals it like they stole the others. very efficient and doing the job designed to do.

not to bad of a phone i do hear a echo when i make a call or when i get a call to  like the key board for texting  witch is nice

LG GT365 Neon GSM Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth, MP3.  Nice Phone, But does not have good reception out side of 2 miles from cell tower.

On beginning to type a number, the phone should show a list of matches. Also, the battery shuts off when low without warning.

I did like it when I got it but then using it the keypad are noisy when sms/texting. But it's a good phone just for making and receiving call. My most concern is the noisy keypads.

This phone is built like a toy, very cheap. No reception at all, had to invest in a Microcell, sorry I did, the phone is long gone to the junk pile. Would NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

DON'T BUY IT!!  The buttons are screwy and it does not text very well.  Would not buy again!  Save your money!

Does NOT require a data plan which is what we needed.  Good phone for simply calls and a full keyboard for texting.  Haven't used a lot of the other features yet so cannot comment on camera, MP3, etc.  It was pretty much plug and play when we got it a dropped the sim card in.  We were off and running in no time at all.

I have this as a backup phone, and it works good for the price. The touchscreen is a joke, though- it can only be used to dial phone numbers.Please note this uses a full-size SIM card, not a micro or nano. I had to get an adapter from my micro-SIM in my Galaxy S4.Do not buy this for a Verizon or Sprint service (or Cricket, Virgin Mobile, or Boost)- it will not work.

Bought phone as mine broke and was not time for upgrade but was waste of money as itDid not work ... Old phone that had already lasted as long as it could ... Should not be selling this.Tks

It works fine, but we found that the arrangement of the buttons was frustrating, so returned it. It felt solid, and sturdy, so it was disappointing that the interface wasn't more well thought out.

Phone becomes unresponsive and I have to constantly delete text messages in order to make room and be able to receive more. Otherwise they just don't arrive. The reception is horrible, I drop a lot of calls.

The phone does not work well. Very rarely can get voicemail on it.Texts go through randomly - sometimes quickly, sometimes slowly, sometimes not at all. And this applies to texts coming and going.Sound quality is poor.

My 10 year old rarely uses it, but when he does, it's fine.  Easy to text on and very affordable.

it worked perfectly in Ghana and any other carrier.  it is portable, fits into pocket which prevent it from falling easily

Phone battery arrived dead and never took a charge. I assumed that this phone and battery was brand new but I was wrong

Exactly as described, new in box. Works well.

this phone had major issues and it would freeze and  reboot on its on.its not worth the price. i am sorry to say. would  never by this phone again.

much more improved and organized better controls,movement,quality,etc it is definitely worth the wait and  is a good phone to use

Good price and works well for young teenagers who like to text.  My son seems to like it and the design is definitely texting friendly

I was looking forward to finally getting something better than my old "flip phone".....something to which I could text faster on and have more reliability.  This phone wasn't it.I wanted a "slider" phone with a querty keyboard in hopes of texting faster.  The keyboard took some getting use to.....but the buttons are so small and you have to look at the buttons to make sure you are pressing the right ones.I set up the quick-dial.  On my old phone, I could hit one button and call (two hits....all without looking)....on this one, you have to "unlock", press "yes" (to unlock); find the number pad button, then the screen with the numbers comes up.......you have to LOOK at the pad to make sure you're hitting the right number.  Not too convenient.And don't get me started on the coverage!  My old phone would only drop me in certain areas......this phone....GAH!!! In place I had coverage with my old phone, this one didn't!No, I wouldn't recommend this phone.  Sorry.Update: March 2014, and my wife gave up on the phone and traded it with my daughter.  My daughter turns it on when leaving school and the phone needs charging every other day.  It's a piece of junk, I'm looking for another Nokia flip or bar phone.

I like the cellular one. I don't have any problem with the cellular one. I am sure that I made a good purchase.

My son broke his Neon with over a year before he was eligible for replacement.  Looking to replace without costing an arm and a leg I came across this phone.  The phone was priced well and came quickly.  We took his old SIM card out of broken phone, placed it in this phone and it was up and running immediately.  I would buy this product again.

But two of the couple years ago. works ok. I like the sliding part for texting purposes. it makes a great gift

I have had mine for over three years never had an issue with it and even dropped it a few times still worked. My only problem with it now is that its shutting off without reason even when the battery was replaced otherwise the years before it worked good for me. It is not the best phone but from the other models I have tried before and yes even a smart phone that was suppose to be really good. I am happy with the neon models until I find that ideal smart phone  eventually, and learned no matter basic or smart each phone has some quirk or problem. The price is right on this.

I do like it but it doesn't work in my country, I would like to exhange if is possible ofr another unblock cell, that works in my country. Thank you!

I got this phone about a year ago, and it's working pretty good. Well you know after I put all my energy into sending back and getting it fixed several times. The phone's a very good text messaging phone if you want a QWERTY keyboard, but it takes a while for a person to get your text message. A lot of my friends, when observing and messing with the phone, always think it's a touch screen. WRONG. The only thing that this phone has that is somewhat cool is that it's a touchscreen when you want to dial someone. I REALLY want a different phone, but until my family has enough money to get a family plan, I'm going to have to stick with this piece of junk.

overall, this is a really sturdy phone. However, the charger died after 3 uses and we had to replace it. the phone was a gift for my sister and that dead charger caused much embarrassment.

The phone dialing is ok , but key board is awkward to use . Option keys work vertical only Also drops call or looses signal a lot

My daughter loved this phone. The buttons on the phone stopped working. Just like another recent purchase, it made it just outside the return policy. Imagine that...

Let me 1st start off by saying this model is great for anyone who wants a great phone with the basic functions of a smart phone.  I was so happy with my 1st one so when I flushed it I made sure I found the same one to replace it!!  Well let's just say since I bought the 2nd one online (not thought AT&T like before) I have had nothing but problems!!  1st: NO manual although it was in a AT&T box (should have been my first warning sign).  2nd: AT&T can't seem to figure out why or what is happening with my multi-media and after an hour of them attempting to send/receive pictures still nothing (that was from day one of owning it)!!  3rd:  Well as of two days ago - I no longer have a working phone nor any contacts!!!!  The phone shut itself off and won't turn on at all (which could be seen as a great thing) however when it did it, it also deleted ALL my contacts off the SIM card!!!!  Now one could say it is a crappy phone (make/model) but it sure worked like it was suppose to for a year when bought through AT&T.  SO.....no warranty and out a lot of money since I wasted it on this one and now I'm going to have to buy a new phone.

If you're looking for a basic phone with a sims card this is your phone.  If you're hard of hearing don't get it.  The volume is low.  Consumer Cellular couldn't get my husbands to connect with internet nor could we send or receive pictures.  Internet is sllllllllllllooooowwwww on this...  As previously stated if you're looking for a basic text/talk phone and are not hard of hearing it's worth the price.

This phone would not hold a charge from the first day.  Then it just shut off  and would no longer charge!

Phone is ok only if u have petiants works good for calls for emails it's slow for the price it's ok

Works as advertised for the moment. We'll see how it holds up to a pre-teen. We bought it for it's cheap price.

I am six weeks into this phone, and it has just recently started delaying the connection to my outgoing calls by several seconds... as in, the call is connected, but I hear nothing, and if I am lucky, the person on the other end will not hang up but keep saying &#34;hello&#34; until I hear them. More often than not, however, they think it's a failed call and hang up. I have to text people and ask them to call me. I am glad that I didn't spend more for it than I did, but that is still almost $40 I essentially lit on fire.

Im not sure of i was supposed to receive one or not. But its pretty rediculous i didnt get one. Now i have to return it

Got this for my mother who started texting a lot.  She liked it but now it turns off without warning.  Lasted less than a year, but it was only $35.  Guess I will just get another...

The phone was a great value, as I bought it for both texting and talking. The pull-out keyboard let me write messages easily and wasn't that hard to figure out after I got used to how it worked. The phone can also be dialed by using the touch screen feature, so you don't have to pull the keyboard out for anything but texting. A button has to be pressed first (unlike 4G phones) to put the phone into touch-screen dialing mode, but that's not a major problem for me. Nice and compact and (so far) rugged enough to sit in my change pocket to be pulled out in a hurry when an important call comes in or has to be made.

can't read the numbers and the setup for ?.&#60;+ etc. sucks.pretty much the entire phone sucks,I had a Samsung before this phone that was the same style, it was fine.this one is poorly thought out.

I bought this cell phone as an additional phone to use for business calls and it is a neat little phone. It was new in the box and works just fine on the T-Mobile network!

For $30 you can't go wrong with this if you are looking for a dumbphone w/slider. My only complaint is that there is no way to make the numbers on the screen bigger, and it can be a little difficult to dial sometimes without pressing the wrong one. Takes getting used to, otherwise it would have had five stars.

Don't waste your money. My older LG slide broke and this looked very similar, but it is not. The phone arrived new and very fast. But it is NOT a touch screen. Navigating is an absolute nitemare. Get what you pay for and this is a $29 phone.

I ordered this phone for my dad, since it is fairly simple. He hasn't said anything much to me about it, but has been using it.

Incredible phone for the price, it's not WIFI capable but is Data plan ready, touch screen for dialing # only, texting is done on the key board, i'm happy with my purchased. This phone has alot of features for such a cheap price..

Very good , I plan to order more than 20 now. But it's too expensive , I think they have to group the price a little it.

Received the phone can make calls but can't text. very disappointing as I bought it for an anniversary gift for my husband :(

The only drawback is that the symbols are too small to read and grey on black is too hard to read for anyone over 40.

The item was exactly as described. The phone is just perfect for a 10 yr old kid. Item appears brand new. My youngest is getting a lot of use out of it.

Expected universal plug compatible with my other phone, NO. I can not hear the other person on the phone. I turned up all of the volumes I could find, NO HELP.  I can't use the phone.  I expected it to be just like my other phone and I spent more because this one was brand new, not used.  I had to get a different phone.

First, the battery doesn't hold a charge for more than a day even if it's not being used.Second, the organization of contacts is limited.Third, the keyboard is difficult to read.Fourth, checking messages requires the slide to be out.

Bought it as a gift for my mom because she wanted a nice phone, but nothing too difficult for her. She loved the gift and let her friends know about her gift and whatnot, but then as she was starting to get used to the phone she started mentioning about how it would randomly turn off. Don't know if we just got unlucky with our purchase, but that would be the main complaint. It didn't last but a couple weeks and it started turning off on her.

Its a good phone really i dont used too much but its work  i get what i want and a good price too

I Just received my phone this weekend, I really like the phone features, I just wished the phone was a little bit bigger and came with the manual, but I've gotten most of it figured out. I had a couple of questions about some of the phone features,  so I email the seller, he was very prompt and polite. I will buy from this seller again.

If I could have gave this phone zero stars, I would. This phone is absolutely horrible.  I purchased this phone as a backup until I can upgrade to get a replacement in December.  The phone seems to have a delay when I call people. It is common for me to make a outgoing call and not hear it ring or any noise until they pick up and say hello at least 2 times.  It freezes,  I can't get group messages and sometimes can't get multimedia messages.  Definitely would not recommend this phone .

Not great phone.. Worked one week a d now it won't hold signal. Had to go back to old phone

I purchased this to replace my lost phone until I could upgrade in November.  Loses service / connection with the network several times a day.  It would be easier to keep track of how many times it actually connects.  Supposed to be 3G.  My wife's phone  is 3G without problems.  The antenna use in this phone is obviously junk.  November can't get here soon enough.

There is a software issue where the phone will occasionally turn off if you close it while a message is sending. It happens just often enough to impair basic communication and be annoying.The buttons are small, this will feel irksome at first. But gradually you can adjust. The shortcuts for writing a text are not immediately intuitive. It takes a few weeks to get used to using it. Once you are used to using it though, you will slowly begin to resent this phone as it cuts off increasingly important messages.

I took the phone to be activated. All was well and then the phone stopped working 20 mins after activation. Didn't even leave the store. Took it to a customer service agent and their words were that the phone was a bad purchase, corrupt and could not read sim cards. decided to return the phone. The shipper received the item 5 days ago. I have not received a refund.

Clearly a back up phone that will sit on the shelf. Nothing better. Can not give it a positive word.

Good basic phone...works as it should. Camera isn't great but if your looking to nake calls and text for a decent price this phone is good. A little tricky to navigate

Just the right size and type phone I was looking for, however,  on the first try, and many successive tries, the phone shut off prematurely when I slid the slider back into place.  I returned the phone for full refund rather then try a replacement, it is just not worth the bother.  Have a feeling this may be a general problem with this phone.

Bought this phone in 2008 through an electronics retailer to replace the flip-phone I had. Love the slide out keyboard and ease of use. Battery life and features all work great. Gave it four stars instead of five though for a couple of reasons. First of all the Web Browser button is in a really goofy spot so you have to be careful or you dial up the Net without knowing it. Secondly, well, if you are looking for Apps, this is NOT the phone for them. Not much offered and the ones that are seem to stop working after a month or so. Want a good "Average Intelligence" phone for texting and making calls then this is it.

OK,  small key board, has hard time connecting to network at times  ,  good price and cheap, depends how you will use it

I like the phone overall, but the orange letters on silver keys are very difficult to read.  I'm constantly adjusting the keyboard to see what key I'm looking for.  Sound quality is good.  I find it easy to use the texting function (even considering the keyboard shortcomings) because it is intuitive to send, reply, etc.

replaced my phone i had like this one because my son go a hold of it and after a while it started screwing up lol recommed this phone to anyone who is looking for a go phone

its good works ok perfect as per details and descriptionI like to say its work with tmobile then work with any other service

It's your basic texting phone, nothing to write home about. I did find that it would occasionally turn itself off for absolutely no reason.

I bought this for my 10 year old son. He likes it alot, but he actually wanted a touch screen phone, but this one is great.

Doesn't work like it's suppose too, text messages don't go through and calls are hard to hear and turns off and on.

It keeps shutting off.  Got a new battery and it still shuts off.  This rating system is stupid.  Why must it be so difficult

Worked great while &#34;I&#34; had it. One of my kids found it and decided they liked it better than theirs so took it over. It is now in constant use and working great with no complaints from them!

This phone it is really good, I bought it for my family in Cuba and they have being using it without a problem so far. Five star!

This phone is exactly what you see.  Unfortunately, what you cannot see is what counts.  This phone is hard to text with and just does not handle well.  I am sure it is a good product, just not one for me.

After 3 days of use it randomly looses signal. No signal right next to another phone with service on the same network. When the phone works I like it but I need a reliable phone and this on doesn't fit that requirement.

I bought this one for my son, he loves it! Very happy with this purchase, I would recommend this one.

It said it has a touch screen and it does not, As we all say you get what you pay for.

Would have given it a 5 if all the AT&T info was not in the directory/contact list.  If I could figure out how to get it out would do so.

I gave this phone a 3 because of the size.  It is really really small.  I brought it for my husband and thought it would work as a second phone.  However, when I seen the size i was disappointed.  Just know it's a basic phone, but I guess ok for the price.

Neither my tech service provider nor I could determine if the phone was actually unlocked. Since I had not held an account with AT&T, their personnel at a local office or by telephone contact, were not helpful at all.  One AT&t representative said I would have to open an account with them in order to learn how to unlock the phone. My provider finally discovered that the phone antenna was not capable of receiving its tower signal. There were no bars showing on the phone to indicate a signal was anywhere nearby where I live, I purchased another phone and have good reception. Accessories compatible with the phone were not needed after the phone was returned

Tried this phone with consumer cellular. Don't know if it was the phoneor signal, but ended up could not use this phone with that service. Evenwhen it showed a strong signal, could not get incoming calls nor call out, orit worked very rarely. Text msgs fine, no problems. Even could notget into voice mail.

Pro: Decent phone and I didn't have to waste an upgrade. Works pretty well. No dropping calls and easy to text on.Con: The battery cover comes off the back pretty easy and that's a pain. And sometes causes it to not charge because the battery isn't seated right.

It's ok I mean it works lol but you get what you pay for and it was cheep so I need to give it a bit see how long it stays working ( miss my iPhone) :(

This phone works international. It has a clear reception and the camera is so good. Charging lasts for long hours.

Got this for my 12 year old and its an he loves it because of the slider and easy to use keypad

This was a gift for my daughter, 13. Its her first phone and she seems to love it. So far I have no complaints.

I ordered 2 of these at the same time cause I was hoping to get them at the same time to surprise my kids. I don't know why but I got one today and the tracking shows the other is in Florida still. Not understanding that. Guess I get to hide this one till the other one comes in. Kinda disappointed with that.

I purchased this phone July 2013. It worked in Canada, texted and called overseas with no problems. I really like the qwerty keyboard. I was happy with this phone until today. It just died. I went to turn the unit on and all that it would do is show the at and t logo, then the screen is dark. So disapppointed.

I ordered this by mistake ,I did not see that it was an ATT phone and it has ATT programs on it, these don't work unless you have att for your carrier. So I sent it back and they refunded my money except for the shipping cost which is ok with me since it was shipped to me free  ,I, liked the phone and the way it worked just not right for consumer cellular as a carrier. I liked the slide out board.

I liked the phone for the price. I just wish the battery charged would last longer. Pretty nice and handy phonefor simple calling and texting.

I just printed a label to send this phone back.  It worked fine for me, but my daughter said she'd rather not have a phone than have this one.  She is usually very tech savvy, but could not get along with this phone!  It was a little old fashioned for her I think.  Her previous phone was also a &#34;no data required&#34; phone that had a sliding QWERTY keyboard.  It seemed that this LG phone had a lot of menus to navigate like the older phones have.  Her previous phone was not actually a smartphone but it was much smarter than the LG.

Superior product.High Quality. Superior Packing. Fast Friendly Service. Great phone for a rare cell phone user or for someone transitioning from an older type phone and just learning to text.

I bought this phone to hold me over until i could get an upgrade with my carrier.  UGH!  Hate it!

I purchased this phone and was great. But I noticed that the battery didn't last long. I have gone through 5 batteries in the last 6 months. ( each lasting sorter than the next). This seems to be a problem with the phone. Is your really like this phone. But it from a different seller who sends fully operational equipment.

nice phone that I can use works great for my day to day needes

It is a little to small but the person that received it likes it alot. I think anyone would like the phone if they got it

The phone works.  For the price, that is about all that I expected and all I really care about.  It isn't fancy, or a smartphone, or the best phone ever.  If you want a great phone, you're going to have to pay more (and don't buy an HTC phone, whatever you do).  Now, if your &#34;smart&#34; phone is made by HTC, and that HTC phone is terrible and won't work when you need it to (due to inherent designing and engineering flaws) and you need something that works so you can call people, get this phone.I only docked it one star because it seems some of the basic software (touchscreen outside of the dial pad being the biggest) was forfeited when the phone was unlocked, and it the buttons and physical setup seems to be left-hand oriented, just like other reviews state (It doesn't really say anywhere that it's for lefties, but it seems to be.  I just wasn't expecting it).  You will have to get used to some of it's quirks if you buy it, but this thing is pretty reliable.I also found out that it is not so fragile...I already accidently dropped it on hard tile from about four feet up.  That didn't scratch it, or cause it to fall apart.  I also found out that that same fall will shatter an HTC OneX.

Great phone for your money.Easy to set up,Easy to use.The only minor problem letters hard to read in day light .Good battery life last 3 days

phone came a bit earlier than on time - very satisfied about that. used it for about 3 months now and its still working nicely. pretty good phone for about only $70

The box was opened by the seller and the sims card was taken the phone is useless without the card the sellers are thrives was a gift my grand daughter how do you explain to a child the sellers are rip off artist

To start with not such a good looking phone.Yes, it is unlocked. But all carrier features are not supported, which is a big inconvenience.The price is good, but I would advise researching the Amazon market for similarly priced phones with more features.2.4&#34; touchscreen too small for meAll in all a good buy, if you want to use it as a second phone.

This is a bare-bones non-smart cell phone, which is just what I like.  One can text on it or even search the web, but I use it primarily to talk on it.  It's lasted about three years so far.  I'm happy with it.  I especially like the slider feature.  It's easier to type on than on a screen, I think.

I use this as a GoPhone, for emergency calls and texting.  The call sound quality is disputable, but the QWERTY keyboard makes it easy to use.  The only thing I really dislike is the message alert, which allows only one alert or an alert every 2 minutes.  I was used to an alert initially, then a simple beep every 5 mins thereafter.  BUT this is the 2nd Neon I have, after the down key on the 1st stopped working properly, so am happy enough with it for my purposes.

awsome it works great !!!! i had a phone just like it and after six yrs it died !!! loving it

This phone works but it feels like a toy phone. It has a screen that reminds me of my gameboy for 89. If you need a phone no matter what then ok, settle for this one but I would try something sturdier.

Buy another phone. Phone dial button doesn't dial and Fn keys unreadable. In this case you get what you pay for.

Phone works like a charm. Great buy for the money. This phone is way better than what I was expecting.

Do like the phone difficult use. not easily manipulated. sound quality poor. wish I had done my research on this phone before I purchased it.

i realy like the phone. what keeps me from loving it is the period(.) is not in an easy to find location. knowing that it is used often, it should be up front. also the number pad on keyboard should stand out by darkened print or something of that sort for easy viewing

DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP. There's no zoom on the camera, it couldn't send or receive pictures even though it says it could, the phone is made as if it's made for a left handed person, the only part of this thing that is actually touch sensitive is the dial pad, which must be activated by pressing a button, when typing a message out the phone will actually get slower and slower as the message gets longer which will screw up your typing, if you start typing fast, the keys that also act as arrows will act as if you had hit them as arrows, so they will move the position of where you are typing back up into your message above, so you'll start typing the rest of your message out in the middle of an above sentence, which screws the message up, and can often be done without noticing at first. The phone is very slow otherwise, has an absolutely retarded system of picture keeping and editing, there's NO zoom at all on the camera, to make a picture your background, you have to take multiple pictures of what you want if you want it to be something different than the default ones on the phone already, the back plate on the phone that keeps the battery in only locks firmly in place at one point, and if dropped, the battery can pop out and the back might stay on completely, making it so you don't notice the battery popping out, which would lead to losing the battery like my idiot self did. I could go on and on about the faults of this terrible phone, but I think the above should be enough to dissuade anyone from wasting the money on this unworthy phone. Please don't waste our money on this. You would honestly be better off buying a cheap prepaid phone.

This phone was terrible!!!  It never worked!! I bought this for my husband and he ended up smashing it, because it caused him so much trouble.
