
I bought this phone after comparing with LG P350. This phone is heavy and bulky. The piece I got had manufacturing defect - sim card slot had issues with holding the sim card.

The All-Tel sales gerbils who sold me the Milestone didn't know enough to advise me properly concerning the Milestone's status in the U.S. market. I.e. it's lack of support and scarcity of help in setting up it's features.The enclosed "Quick Start User's Guide" is woefully inadequate as far as helping me make the most use out of the phone that I can. For instance, it doesn't even tell me how to answer the phone or set it up for a convenient way to.  I've missed a number of calls because I just couldn't get the phone into a mode where I can press the "Answer" [the green phone icon].  Yes, some of that is my ignorance regarding how to use the phone but I cannot see the miniscule type font used in the on-line "Quick Start User's Guide" and even when I try to print that guide out, the formatting makes the type super-small again.The final turn-off is that the built-in tutorial doesn't lead me any where other than the very broad instructions on turning the phone on...which I already knew how to do that or I wouldn't have got to that tutorial.There should be a full-blown, thorough, step-by-step "Owner's Manual." I have tried every way possible to find a full-blown manual for it(e-mails and inquiries to the Motorola Help or contact line, Motorola Forums and User Groups, Canadian and UK sites as well and just about every commercial vendor that deals with manuals but they don't have the full blown "Owner's Guide." Even a .pdf version that I could print out.  It will let you see a pdf. Some on-line sites will let you see the "Quick Start User's Guide" but the formatting used makes it impossible to print even that pathetic document.The best feature it has is the large size and excellent quality of the Milestone's screen. That's the only reason I can even justify a rating of two stars.  Everything else sucks.

Just perfect.In the coming years, there might be a lot of newer and better android phones released, but this stands in the category of being "Legendary".Touchscreen + Qwerty keypad + Android OSKiller combination.

This phone was great bought it brand new everything you could expect for this cellphone

Great phone , sadly there are not that many cases and accessories on  amazon.

how can the manifactor sell this phone with no service on warrenty. Somethings things breaks. its ah havy risk to boy hi high cost items with no warrenty? The Manifactor is a joke to sell this items with no service. Go w3ith some one eldse that dose warrenty. I-touch dose have warrenty however no repair service department. Apple Dose make fake warrenty. this phone no servic what so ever on service on reapirs when needed

Sturdy phone. Handles impact exceptionally well. Survived for 2 years in the hands of an exceptionally careless individual. Costs half the price in 2013 than it used to in 2010 - probably because of the newer competing devices in the Android market.

works very well on GMS company, arrive before the promise time.  Good investment, meet all the expetations my son had

It the best all around Phone that I know. I am finding something new about it all of the time.

Well, this phone arrived with failed camera and AMAZON did a horriable job on packing.First, there was nothing between the phone and the shipping box indicating no protection was took in the packing.Then, the box of the phone was REALY dirty with some muds.I also could not find the plastic protecting thin film on the box, which was always seen on other REALLY NEW product. This phone was not US verison and came with EUR standard charger (not working well). Besides these defects, the camera failed once I started the machine. If youe open the camera,screen turned to completely black,noise came from the machine and you also could smell something melting from inside of the phone. Accessories were not sealed as well.THIS WAS NOT THE PHONE WHICH I ORDERED AT THE VARY BEGINING AND IT SHOULD BE THE OPEN-BOXED OR USED ONE WITHOUT FUNCTIONAL CAMERA AND NONE PROTECTION.IT WAS EUR STANDARD MEANING YOU CAN NOT USE 3G IN US.HOPEFULLY AMAZON CAN RELACE THE GARBAGE.SUGGESTION?Yeah.DO NOT BUY IT.

This android is great.  I love how android allows for so much customization.  I like the size of the phone and the screen.  They're good and do not strain the eyes.  This touchscreen is preferable to the ipod touch/iphone in my opinion.  It's a lot easier to use and I tend to make less mistakes on this than the itouch.  Weird huh?  I originally chose this phone because one big factor was having a sliding keyboard but this touchscreen keypad is so great that I haven't had to use it very often.  One thing I don't like about this sliding keyboard is that they're not evenly spaced between your hands thanks to the additional navigation block on the right (useful).  I probably have small hands but I have a hard time reaching naturally with my right to type...it takes a lot more conscious effort and it's not as smooth so I'm not as happy about that.  All in all, everything is so awesome that this is a small discomfort.

The first Motorola Milestone I bought came brand new, a very good phone... The second one I purchased from FGS Trading came in looking like a new phone... turns out it had been re-built, probably by it's last owner or by FGS Trading. Poorly re-built, cheap materials, telephone is awfully slow, some buttons have already chipped and look like cheap plastic now after a month. My advise is DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!I know the phone was used because on the Motorola database, it clearly states that the phone was connected at Motorola England... hard to lie now a days.The phone I would give maybe 4 stars, it is nice, performs great as expected (when brand new...), great features, very nice design, good build, endures the intense use...FGS Trading I would give 0 Stars if I could, for lying and misrepresenting... (NO wonder they sell it with no warranty)

Well i really liked how this phone looked and how it works, but im having one problem with it, i cannot seem to use the internet with out the wifi and i cannot recieve mms even wit wifi, so how can i fix this problem?

Great phone,solid construction, too many great features to list. If the picture texting worked (normal testing works fine) for T-Mobile I would have given 5 stars. If you plan to use this on T-Mobile you will NOT get 3G speed and picture texting will not work (receive only).

The screen is big and clear. Very functional. But in my case I had to return it - not for it's flaws - but because I found it a little hard to press on those buttons with my long nails. I always missed :)All in all it's a great product. I recommend it

I would say the processor is slow, but depends for what you are using it.. It is best to upgrade it to better OS that is already pre-installed.I liked that phone, it was the cheapest solution with the keyboard, so I bought it.Unfortunately I lost it :(  but .. for everyday use, with long battery life, and application and google play as well.Of course there is no waranty, but what do you need it for?Comparing this to cheap Windows phone from Dell .. I would again choose motorola. but maybe little faster one :)GPS and wifi and all sensors are working great! ... apps sometimes falls..

Beautiful cell! I wait for it just 3 days! It was fantastic! The cell appeared very well treated. I recommend to you to get it.

After seeing many options, i chose the milestone as my first smartphone and i dont regret it. The reasons why i chose the milestone were because i wanted a phone with an android system, the qwerty keyboard, large screen (for gps and web browsing) and the look.I now have the phone for over a month and here are my impressions on the phone:Call quality is very good,no dropped calls, connections all work well, i live in Europe and have 3G network (you can disable 3g network if you want), wifi connection and internet browsing also very good, five stars here, touchscreen is also good, never had a touchscreen device and had no problems adapting, i've tested other android devices that dont have touchscreens as good as this one, however not as good as the touchscreen in the iphone, honestly dont think any device can top that.The qwerty keyboard is also excellent, many reviews say the keyboard is flat and the keys are small, but for me personally the keyboard is fine.The battery life is one of the downs of the phone, for someone that never had a smarthphone like this, will notice short battery life, especially in the first days because of the overuse, i set my screen brightness to the minimum and have app killers and battery improvement apps, and with my normal use (some calls, text msg, some music) i get around 2 full days max. i think it's common on this kind of smartphones.One known bug is the music bug, when you unplugg the headphones the music will start playing from the speakers, the phone came with android 2.1 update1, don't know if this bug will get fixed with 2.2.Another complain i've read a lot about the phone is the battery cover sliding out when you have the phone in your pocket, it never happened to me and i dont even think it comes that easy.I also have ocassional reboots, i still havent figured why it happens, but i think it can do with some apps, or auto app killer, or network(search) related, but its isn't that annoying because the reboot is fast.Overall i am happy with the purchase, excellent materials, love the look, five stars in keyboard,gps,browsing experience,call quality,cammera is also good, etc.Downsides for me are the music bug(very annoying for me), ocassional reboots and the battery life, hence 4 stars and not 5.

I did not bought this from Amazon. I have 2 of these from my relatives. Both of them having problems with the touchscreen. The humidity is the main reason and your phone's screen is likely to be useless after few months in the pocket. Ghost screens problems will appear at first and then areas on the touch screen will be 'dead'.Beside that, It's a good Android phone if it doesn't have these problems.

This phone is the equivalent to the US Droid and Droid X. While the phone is easy to use, and looks and feels great, be sure to check the number of complaints about this phone on various social networking sites. Evidently, Motorola isnt willing to repair their phones when they have issues. Less than one year of normal use, suddenly an 'internal board' error is an unrepairable problem that the warranty doesnt cover. I purchased this phone with the expectation it would last for a number of years, not months.So again, buyer beware. The quality of this equipment is questionable.

the unique problem is the update from motorola to froyo 2.2,  that restart phone some times, but it is liveable.

The Milestone - in terms of hardware - is quite decent.Some observations:+ excellent display+ good call quality+ useful keyboard and cursor control.  Keys are too flat.+ easy user interface+ excellent camera in terms of picture quality.+ slow camera response+ poor native email app.  I use K-9 which is better.+ google sync with iCal (I use Apple) is poor and duplicates contacts in the thousands.  It's made for PC users, really.+ Android market availability is very poor locally (Can't get Skype, Audible, Ebay apps, for example)+ I often get "missed call" messages, during times when I know I didn't miss a call.  Bad reception?+ poor time zone support that screws up your meetings schedule when moving to other zones+ doesn't sync with my Parrot bluetooth device in my car.  Maybe I need to update firmware.Shows a lot of promise!

feliz con mi producto excelente calidad tel&eacute;fono inteligente lo maximo buena fecha de entrega ning&uacute;n inconveniente, los recomiendo compre con seguridad

excellent phone in first 2 weeks then, camera stoped to focus. Battery life is barely enough for single work day. and finally after 1 month phone just died ! may be i've got some defective phone but still i regret buying it

This is a really nice phone with many great features and capabilities minus a few issues as follows:- it is heavy- unable to download an upgraded version of Adobe Flash Player due to the operating system which, sadly, is not going to be upgraded.Therefore, I just cannot view certain things on my phone. Get a newer phone with an upgraded operating system- in-call sound can be pretty terrible sometimes. The fix seems to be to set the in-call volume at the mid point- my phone sometimes re-starts on its own without warning- funny thing happens when I am in bluetooth mode with the car stereo...the music player on the phone comes on when either the bluetooth in the car stereo or the phone is switched off- you can attach smileys, pictures, videos etc in an SMS but there is no option to insert a contact from your contacts list (as far as I have seen)

Es un gran tel&eacute;fono muy c&oacute;modo por el teclado f&iacute;sico, no es demasiado r&aacute;pido y se cuelga cuando hay muchas aplicaciones, la c&aacute;mara es un poco deficiente, a pesar de ser de 5mp la de un Blackberry de 3.2mp es mejor.para una persona sencilla y que necesite comodidad es una muy buena opcion.

I bought this to replace my Verizon Droid A855Hardware is exactly the same as my old Droid.Software is even better with a much improved marketplace.Battery life and slide out keyboard are awesome.Works on ANY network that runs off of a SIM card.

What I really like about this phone is the well built body. it has this practical and professional look. Photos are great. It has a 5-megapixel camera with a flash, plus loads of great camera features and a DVD-quality recorders. The processor is really fast with 3G speed  and is more than enough to check the web, Facebook, emails and everything online. I like the fact that it is Unlocked GSM phone. I used it overseas with no problem at all, I just inserted the new sim card and I was good to go.  It is thin and it has very good QWERTY slider keyboard. GPS is amazing turn by turn, you do not have to download google map app by the way.I would recommend this phone to friends and family.Good job Moto...

The screen on this phone stops working in humid conditions.You can check youtube and see for yourself countless victims of this defect who show their phone registering input and sending emails and dialing contacts like it's possessed by a ghost. WORSE, it does not accept your own input, so you can't dial or do anything.So far, the best theory I've heard on why this happened is humidity. I'm in South America and most of the victims of this are in India. In fact, one person at the Motorola help forum claims that his screen goes haywire every time he travels to India and returns to normal in London. My screen kinda sometimes works on dry days or in air-conditioned rooms, but is absolutely insane on rainy days.Sadly, the problem seems to degrade the phone over time as I was able to work around it for a few weeks, but now I've given up on the phone because it's gotten so bad. The last straw was when I had to make an emergency call and the screen just lay there like a dead thing and refused all input.The problem seems to be the the capacitance touch screen which gets short circuited by the moisture.Bottom line:  It doesn't matter what the rest of this phone is like, it's useless once the moisture gremlins seize control of it.As I said earlier, you can look up the numerous videos of this defect to see for yourself.

Got this phone for my cousin. She likes it very much.. she loves the features. It is a bit bulky in my opinion. Won't fit in your back pocket and not something you would carry around in your hand. lol.

hi all my wife bought this mobile for me to use here overseas in afghanistan but i can't use it seems to be a kewl gadget but i need sim card slot access so we will return it. So if there is a seller out there that has a motorola milestone droid with sim card slot access please email me at cal74@live.com i like to purchase 1 thanks

Motorola milestone is great product, except when it is not. It seems that in their haste to screw up customers, they locked the phone, so you need signed updates for this thing (not present in droid versions). Also at first versions even the sms messaging was not working.Lately I have seen motorola starting to bundle more and more crapware on this device ( xing ect.).Otherwise, well, sometimes the phone goes into a mode that just burns the battery away. Sometimes the phone plugs into charging mini usb plug, but does not actually charge itself up. Oh and then there is this low battery warning, when you just plug in the power cord, the phone notices it and flashes & screams !ENERGY!, while this would be nice, this act totally uses the rest of the battery out and the phone shuts down.I would warn people of this phone, it is a good phone, when it works, but these small things, and motorola policy of bundling crap with new updates, is just wrong.

Okay! very good, tanks o aparelho funcionou corretamente no BRASIL, chip, OI, processamento de  dados um pouco lento, mas usual

Despite all Motorola Milestone 2.1 Android innovative fuatures and tools it is not able to identify and pick up texting senders number from Contacts list and show up names i/o # of mobile phone list even to add a list of friends in groups of receivers!! It's Basic even for 2G generation mobile phone!!Maurilio Cordeiro

i ordered this phone it looks great and as described but the performance is horrible. the phone constantly freezes and shuts off for no reason. several times a day and i never have service i am highly upset i would not recommend this phone to anyone id rather have a tracfone.

I did not do enough research into this Motorola Milestone, and it was actually a European phone that was not compatible with the 4G available here int the US.  I wish the seller had divulged this information in a more straight-forward manner and I ended up returning this item.

My first was not good enough but I will like to try again and I hope I get what I want this time.

I returned this phone just a few days after i bought it.  it would constantly shutdown and reboot.  while on the phone when it worked, the other party said it sounded like my voice was through a synthesizer.  then the phone just quit one day and never turned back on.  im sure my phone was an isolated incident but who knows?

You are likely to regret buying this.It is severely underpowered in comparison to modern Android phones. The interface is sluggish, and although Motorola keeps promising I have yet to see an official Froyo update for it.In addition, there is an acknowledged factory defect where the back-cover slips off. I have logged a ticket with Motorola and they have yet to come back with a response, so it seems that in general Motorola makes a habit of not honoring their warrantees.

This phone is awesome, except for that when I received it, the microphone didn't work during phone calls, unless on speaker. And even then, it was cutting in and out. The phone itself is great. But this little problem is widespread. Make sure once you buy this phone, it is in full working condition. Other than that, its an awesome phone.

i have been using milestone for almost 2 months in usa with t-mobile.i just get EDGE internet speed but it enough for me.i used to have nokia n900 but i returned it bacause of no portrait mode and hard to use like a cell phone.This phone is perfect slim and light.you can use all google features with this phone.phone calls easy and has a detail call log.after the new firmware update its better.gps reception is perfect.battery is enough for all day.it has nice accessories.and I really appreciate shopping with AMAZON never let me down i strongly reccommend this phone and AMAZON.

Buyer beware, this is a EUROPEAN model (the Milestone also comes in a Canadian version) so 3G is 900/2100 only and that means there is NO WAY to get 3G in the USA, either with T-Mobile or with AT&T; - Amazon USA should not be selling this phone without a BIG DISCLAIMER - not to mention they should specify it is a UK model (comes with the original UK charger and a US adapter).I need an Android phone so if I find there is a GSM Android phone out there that works on a 3G network in the USA I'm returning it.I've wasted about 10 hours since I got it yesterday :1. Trying to connect to my AdHoc wifi network : forget about that Google have killed that basic feature in Android that 99.99% of the WiFi enabled devices (WinMo, iPhone, Blackberry, Internet Radio, etc...) have.2. Finding out that this 3G phone sold by Amazon USA does not work with any 3G network in the USA.

I do not have this phone, but I am writing, because maybe a owner can help me. I need to know what are the 3G frequencies available in this phone. I know that there are European, Canadian(900/2100) and South America (850,1900,2100) versions. Could any buyer post here what are the 3g frequencies supported by this phone or what version is this international version?Yes, I asked Amazon, but they said they do not know. All the infomation available is in the product description!Thanks in advance,

First off the phone is smaller then you would think im talking the whole phone not the just the screen size. The keyboard buttons are very jammed tight. It freezes alot and it shuts off randomly. On phone calls its really easy to push buttons with you cheek because the screen does not like to stay blacked out. I understand its not a 3g phone but even for edge it runs slow for what in its time was a high end android. the battery life if only okay when other reviews will say its awesome well not really unless you do nothing on your phone but the basic text here and there and a couple phone calls a day. The phone says it comes with a memory card well it does not and the phone it self has little memory not even enough to hold the facebook app so look forward to spending at least another 15$ on a SD card. All in All this phone is not worth the price its being sold for.

It seemed like it had problems sliding up and down and it just wasn't as good as i thought it would be.

Yo quer&iacute;a comprarme un smartphone desde el 2009 y estaba estudiando el nokia n900, muy buen celular el n900 pero luego vi el motorola milestone y me gusto mas, por el sistema operativo que usa, que es el Android y segu&iacute; estudiando sobre el tema y me decid&iacute; por el milestone por que esta mas desarrollado y no iba a comprar un celular con excelente hardware y el software no este desarrollado o no le den seguimiento en el futuro, el celular me funciona de maravilla, lo &uacute;nico que no me gusto mucho es que no tira muy buenas fotos, eso es todo.

I had that phone but didn't work in my country. Because there wasnt a simcard slot. &#304; dont want to live that thing again. Can somebody let me know? Is there a simcard slot on this one. Please I loved that phone much.

One star is too much for this item.I have received the phone in an unsealed box. The SD card was missing. There is an useless "owner guide" (probably copied of the original - the print quality being low) that tells you how to answer and make calls.  All the components (phone, battery, charger, USB, phone body) were wrapped in some worn out plastic bags that looked like something recovered from a waste yard. Nothing was sealed of course. The phone has few scratches and few patches of dirt. There is no way in the world this is new phone. Most likely this is a moderately used phone.On the top of all of these issues this is NOT a GSM phone as advertised. There is no slot for SIM card. So this is not compatible with AT&T; & T-Mobile networks. This is actually a CDMA phone. The Verizon logo being actually printed on the battery cover...I am not going any further with this. I already requested yesterday the return information. No answer yet from instock novelties. If no answer by end of the day Monday I will request Chase to dispute the transaction.I am buying things from Amazon since 2003-2004. 99% of the time all went from OK to outstanding. This purchase fulfilled by "instock novelties" is the worst shopping experience I ever had with Amazon...Update - Aug 11 2012Another fiascoThey mailed me the postage label for returning the phone. Obviously the return label postage was wrong. Their NY address listed on the label was correct. My MN address was correct too. However the "free return" postage label was for local shipment only. So I have to pay ~ $8 for return. As I said, stay away from these creatures...

Excelent functions but it came with UK AC current plug, good camera functions w/ 5 mp definition, gps works great always with signal even in other countries

so far, i've had this phone for a year..... the thing is, i can't really buy any phones from tmobile, because i'm not the owner of my tmobile account....so i decided to buy a unlocked phone. So far this phone has been great, but as usual, there are a few pro's and con's...pros-android-qwerty keyboard-big touch screen-works with tmobile 2g-VERY STRONG PHONE &lt; nearly indistructablecons-short battery-d-pad placed in an uncomfortable position-keypad hard to reach over d pad-gets hot after a few hours-drops bars when held at certain position-very very very slow UI-very slow internet connection-slow application speeds-low amount of RAM (can only run 1-2 applications at a time)-low amount of space for applications (only 10 apps can fit at a time)-crashes more often than all my phones put together

Still using my milestone...I have the international version and I updated it to Android 2.2.1. Overclocked it and rooted and still no problems. Downside pictures are so so.It has no crash and very durable.

This thing cost way too much, but it is a great phone. Every thing works, the keyboard is nice (except the keys are a little too flat), the screen, the camera, everything works well.I Have had two problems though - First I bought this phone to use with T-mobile, but it doesn't operate at the frequency T-mobile uses for their 3G service. Second, after the last upgrade it has randomly started playing music. It is a known bug with some work-arounds, but it is very annoying.So, with all the new variants coming out, I'd say look for something newer on contract first. But if there is a price drop (as stock and demand drop) this is a very capable choice.

If you are looking for a non-apple smartphone, this is it.Primary function, being a phone, is outstanding. The phone has a good reception and you are able to have clear conversations even in noisy environments like games or construction sites.Additionally, it is full of features with out of the box google integration. The screen is amazing and very responsive. Gps, camera and wi-fi works as expected. The full qwerty slider keyboard works great, however keys are too flat. Form factor is adequate.  The phone is slim and not so heavy.Despite of the bugs mentioned in several forums, I haven't found any. The piece I got came already with the Android 2.1 update and works straightforward.It deserve a "well done" for the engineers at Motorola.

Ok, I ordered this phone and got it in a very timely manner.  When I first opened it, it was amazing!  I loved the android OS and how everything was set up, but within hours it stopped sending text messages and wouldn't send them until i completely shut down the phone and rebooted it.  I figured the phone was faulty, so I sent it back and amazon sent me another one, no questions asked.  When I got the second phone, it was great, for a few hours, then it started doing the same thing as the first, and I know i couldn't possibly be unlucky enough to get two faulty phones out of hundreds of working ones.  I assumed it was the phone and amazon let me get a full refund.  I gave this two stars because of how amazing amazon was about getting my problem taken care of.  My refund was in my account two days after they received the package!  I wouldn't recommend this product, at least not to people on the Centennial Wireless network.

this is a great phone it got hear a day early and it works with straight talk sim cards but i cant use the web i payed fore eh its what ever still a great phone

Able to make calls and text with att but no internet or data. phone is awesome just don't work anywhere. very disappointing.

The product looks good but battery is very weak, it takes hardly 5hrs from 100% charge to 10%, what is the problem?

Our family has four of these phone that are just over a year old and we have had nothing but problems with three of them.They have been out for warranty service a number of times each and now we have two of them that will not even work.Telus our cell phone provider of course does not stand behind any of their products so now we have 2 contracts with 2 years remaining on the contracts that have no phone unless we pay more money to Telus and buy more phones.Total garbage phone with garbage service.

Since people like lists, I'll start with what I liked and disliked.Pros:1.  One of the best screens that is not an iPhone 4.2.  Amazing browsing capabilities.3.  Relatively fast processor and GPU.Cons:1.  Constant echo on all voice calls (T-Mobile and Skype).2.  Sound quality through the earpiece is mediocre.3.  People on the other end often complain of audio distortion (e.g. thought they had the wrong number on numerous occasions because they couldn't recognize my voice).4.  Music player starts playing on its own through speakerphone several times per day, even if you haven't used it since a restart.  Only way to avoid it is to shut off phone entirely.5.  Keyboard is garbage for everything but playing games.6.  Sliding mechanism on screen is loose which means it will open partially in your pocket, turning on the screen momentarily (but continually) and killing your battery life.7.  Build quality is very cheap; unit feels very fragile overall and housing was actually loose around the buttons, especially camera and volume rocker buttons.8.  Outbound calls that aren't dialed through Contacts list make the phone crash completely about 5% of the time (I counted about 1 in 20 calls did this).9.  Browser performance gradually slows over a couple days until you reset the phone.10.  Camera is absolute garbage.11.  Accelerometer is way too slow for a phone of this price and supposed quality.I tried really hard to love this phone, as I had used one on several occasions in the past and was quite impressed.  Going in I realized that the keyboard is not exactly the best for what it's primarily designed for (i.e. typing messages), but it is amazing for retro gaming.  Even though it's reversed from the usual gamepad setup, the keyboard is very good for use with S/NES and other game system emulators.  For writing messages, it's simply too awkward, and in spite of my best efforts I could not get accustomed to it to the point that it was usable.  The onscreen keyboard is much better.The default browser is pretty good, and the screen is just amazing in terms of color, brightness and sharpness.  As a capacitive touchscreen, it is easily as responsive as you'd expect, though I did often experience sluggishness with on-screen command taps, even with no demanding services or applications running.  Physically speaking, I wasn't that impressed with the sliding mechanism under the screen, however.  I don't know if it was particular to the unit I received, but the screen was quite loose.  For some reason there was even some give up and down, not just side to side.  That is, the screen moved in four directions, not just two, which made me quite nervous, as the screen overall seemed to have a tenuous connection to the body of the phone.  Additionally, the screen moved way too easily in the directions it's supposed to and did not lock into an open or closed position.  As I mentioned above, it started to slide at the slightest provocation while in my pocket.  The problem is that every time the screen is moved like that, the phone wakes up and remains on for the duration you specify in settings.  Turning auto-off to a lower setting might help, but honestly that's a pretty lame workaround.  The phone shouldn't be so loosely constructed as to allow opening without a respectable amount of force in the first place.Unfortunately the worst aspect of this phone was its primary function, namely as a phone.  Every time I used it I heard an echo of myself through the earpiece.  Using a bluetooth or wired headset eliminated most of it, but for me that's a very impractical solution.  And given the cost of the phone, I am not about to suffer with a workaround for something that is supposed to work so well already.  After noticing the problem, I did some searching and came across quite a few other users who have experienced similar issues.  It seems to be a possible manufacturing defect, but after reading stories of users who had to exchange their units upwards of half a dozen times before getting one that functioned passably well as a phone, I decided to return mine and not exchange it.Besides the audio problems, I noticed something unusual when dialing numbers manually.  After dialing a number with the keypad and hitting send, the phone would sometimes lock up.  After about 10 seconds, the Motorola and then Android logos would appear, meaning the phone had just reset itself.  This happened to me twice before I started to get concerned.  I managed to reproduce the problem myself, though it takes between 10 and 20 manually dialed calls before the phone crashes completely.  Still, that is a number that I am simply not willing to live with.  What if that one call out of however many happened to be extremely important?  What if I were dialing 911 or 112 when it crashed like that?  It's a risk that I am not willing to take.Returning to the audio quality for a moment, I should also mention the unusual distortion that callers would hear on their end of the phone.  Often it would happen towards the beginning of calls, where for the first 5 seconds or so it would sound as if my voice were being heavily modulated up or down, akin to what is done to protect someone's identity on TV interviews.  Eventually it goes away, but again it was something that happened far too often to be an acceptable quirk.At the end my biggest annoyance was the music player.  If you have any music at all on your SD card or in your phone's memory, be prepared for the music player to start up of its own accord and play a random song through your speakerphone.  This happened to me daily, even after I installed a new default audio player, which was the suggested workaround I found on some unofficial forum.  It would often turn itself on during the most inopportune times:  In a meeting at work, in a quiet elevator, at a movie theater, at 3am when we're asleep, and so on.  The only way that I could manage to get it to stop happening was to remove all music from the phone, but since I use my phone at the gym as an mp3 player, it was an impractical solution.Using many workarounds, this phone would maybe have been usable, but for the price and for what it is supposed to offer, it was simply unacceptable for me.  It's distinctly possible that I'm just unlucky and got a defective unit, but keep in mind that every problem I mention above has been well documented elsewhere by numerous others for almost a year now.

The device itself is solid and nice. Even the keyboad is nice. I will skip all the good (which im sure you can find a lot elsewhere) and go stright to the bad: The Milestone is a locked phone. This means that the only way for you to get any software updates are through Motorola. This could be OK except that Motorola is doing a terrible job in releasing software updates. I have been waiting for a Froyo update a long time. I'm not a phone hacker, i use my phone for work. I need froyo because of Flash support (which does not exist in previous releases). Another major reason for me wanting froyo is I cannot install more than a few apps becaue only froyo has apps2sd which allows installing apps to the larger sd card. Legitimate? Well motorola promised froyo and it got delayed and delayed and finaly they released and it is horrible, lots of reboots and freeezes. And it is not because the device is too "weak" for froyo - it is because moto disrespect their uses with low quality software. And on top, instead of letting users put their own custom ROMs - they locked the device so users cannot control their own devices. Too bad. This is a deal breaker. It is the last Motorola device i will ever own. Lesson learned.

Newer versions of smart phones  are out now, but i still use my old phone when necessary. The screen broke (my fault because it fell to the floor from a height) but i simply placed a screen protector on it and it's still functional.....i do not regret buying.

I visited USA and got to play with this phone a little.Once i got back to Sweden i found out that motorola got no market in Sweden at all (except a few stores that took *3 the price)I stumbled uppon this by accident and went for it.Have had it over a month now and there were no problems hooking it up to Telia or Halebops net here in sweden. (took less then a minute).Love the screen, love the feeling, love the Keyboard. In other words, I LOVE the phone!I bought some swedish chargers with micro usb, and that works great with the phone.Something to note is that the phone comes with a usb charger, just plug it into your computer and it will charge.The phone also comes with a 8gb micro card, which can be upgraded to 32gb.The camera of the phone supriced me, its even better then my old camera lolIt has two led lamps as a light souce for the camera (flashes) but they are really good if your lost in a dark room aswell!Something to note, Motorola is not updating the Android OS as fast with the USA Droid phone. USA got theirs already while we with Milestone needs to wait till the end of the year, but atleast they are supporting it. ;)Love the phone, get it!!

Is a great phonemy baby is happy with this phoneis a wonderful phone and very easy use it

never got the phone, but i did get my money back. now i have to re-order the phone and hope it gets sent to the correct address.

This is an awesome phone, no doubt. It is very slick and thin, reason why I wanted to protect it as much as possible. My message is to warn you about installing a screen protector on it. This happened to me: I tried to install one of those plastic filter they sell for 2 bucks, this are installed with a bit of soap and water. After doing this, I left the phone off and then turned it back on after a while. And right there ...I damaged the touch screen! Sometimes I can press the screen and get a response, and sometimes it just goes crazy as if a ghost would be using my phone. It worked perfectly before this so either: 1) water might have caused this, or 2) I might have placed too much pressure on the screen while trying to remove air bubbles. Since there is no warranty on this buy I am desperately looking for a solution. I just bought on eBay a new "touch screen digitizer" for $35 to try to fix this problem. I'll see later on...

It's been 8 months since I bought the Milestone. Recently it received it's Froyo(Android 2.2) upgrade. The phone is heavier than your average phone and is more solidly built. The screen has a nice resolution and is sufficiently responsive. The processor, though, is not quite fast enough. On many an occassion the milestone crashes when loading heavy apps like Maps or Latitude. The sluggishness in general usage is easily visible, especially when compared to the new and cheaper alternatives. The camera works fine - takes OK pics and decent videos. The bluetooth and wifi work as expected. GPS and AGPS works pretty well. Keyboard is useful, but takes some getting used to.To sum things up, you're better off now buying a different phone. You'll get phones which performs better at a lower price. Or maybe you could get the newer Milestones.

I am very happy with my Milestone, I'm using it in Brazil.  I had one small problem with the version of Android that was shipped on it, I had to upgrade otherwise it was rebooting every 30 minutes, it was not a hardware problem.  I upgraded using the firmware from Motorola Brazil and it works amazingly well.

At this point, I would prefer a $10 phone that just made phone calls [period].  The touch screen is constantly malfunctioning... doesn't work if it's hot, doesn't work if it's cold, doesn't work if it's cranky for no reasonably explainable reason.  Also, *EVERY*time I talk on the phone, just placing my cheek up to the phone (Where else are you supposed to put your cheek if the phone is up to your ear?), it will press random buttons -- e.g. mute, end call, dial other numbers, open random apps, etc.  The is highly frustrating and disruptive to my calls.  Another annoyance for the person on the other line is that I get constant complaints that my voice sounds muffled.  I never had these issues with my old phone or any other phone I have previously owned (all various Motorola models-- none which were touch screen). Also, the touch screen often freezes or is delayed.  My gmail is slow to sync, even when I have full service (i.e. all my bars) and I am well within the 3G network.  If I could have returned this phone the day after I bought it, I would have because these all issues were immediately obvious.  The problem was that I bought the phone from a Verizon distributor, which apparently isn't a true Verizon store.  They had a crazy policy that once I bought the phone and disrupted the packaging in any way (cut a small piece off the box for the rebate) then I could never return it.  So... I'm stuck with this phone until my 2-year contract ends next March... which is marching along painfully slow!!

I really think that people under rate this item because some people expect more from it but its an old phone.I have found this phone very responsive almost all the time. I have started to have problems with the phone becoming slower because of the minimum space it has. So I suggest if your the type of person who downloads many applications GET AN 8 GB MICRO-SD CARD. The internet is very fast and responsive. I think they forgot to mention it comes with Android 2.2.1 with is great because many applications are using 2.2 or higher. I recommend buying this phone for people who love to text, dont have a 4G networking system, and are not very picky about their phone problems.

I have T-Mobile so it obviously works with my SIM card.  The Wi-Fi works as well; I don't have a data plan.  The phone is so very slow and gets confused with different tasks.  Opening my texts should not take two minutes to do.  It's the original droid, I believe.  This explains its speed.  I like the keyboard - the reason I bought it.  I honestly don't recommend this phone to anyone.  It's troublesome and time-consuming.  It also roams around like no other.  I'm constantly on AT&T's service.

This phone has great features. However has cons as well but still I recommend this as good features, nice battery power and obviously great look with less cost.

The phone itself is quite nice to look at. The keyboard is wide and keys are a bit spaced, which I like because I have chubby stub fingers so most phones cause me to press multiple buttons. When sliding out, it tends to move a bit slow, much slower than other android phones. The internet works, though not anywhere near 3G or 4G speed so if your paying for that you may want to downgrade a smidge. texting is fine, calls sound clear (I don't know if this is based on phone or provider so I included it just in case). Overall I do like the phone and will be keeping it. Also, for new buyers, if your internet doesn't work just contact the company, they will give you information that may assist you. For the price, this phone is perfect for me.*WARNING*For the people who don't read the information given up above, this phone works with T-Mobile and AT&T.; If you have a different provider, likelihood is it won't work as it is not made to work with their type. Just a quick heads up.P.S. Forgot to point out that I purchased this from Open Group Wireless via Amazon.com. Customer service was very helpful in getting my internet to work for me as in the beginning it did not. Very thankful to them.

I ordered this phone back in February. It got here to me in the bahamas fairly quickly. The features are amazing, the small keys on the keyboard take some getting use to and because its flat and not staggered its kind of awkward to type. It does freeze up,shut off and sometimes the camera doesn't respond and when it does the light would stay on. It's a pretty cool phone and maybe i just got one from the bad batch. Would i recommend it? Yes I would, hopefully it doesnt act like mines.

This phone is JUNK! I've sent it back over and over, approx 7 times! Don't waste your money like I did!

I pretty much love all the features to this phone. It's everything I was looking for. I knew there would be some features lost to it being international and lacking 3G. It on occasion has shut down while I'm talking to someone and I can't get online outside the range of my wifi. But that stuff is either rare or unnecessary. One other issue is the camera, it acts a little funny. But there's really no point in complaining, I own a Canon.

better than an IPhone... you can find lots of apps on the web for free. just one cons is that you cannot install apps to the memory card. but the internal memory is large enough.

Even though this is an "old" phone, I decided to go with this for the slide out keyboard and some of the feedback on the Android forums. Not as fast as my iPad (1) but good enough speed. I haven't had the need to root it as yet though. Supposedly one can over clock after rooting, and speeds can approach that of the Milestone 2, and other similar competitors out there? Hence I didn't see the need to pitch the extra 100+ bucks for the Milestone 2. I am using the phone on a GSM network without a data plan (how lame is that, right?). Well my corporate provided SIM does not have a data plan with it. But I use the phone on the wifi at home and at work. I was using my bro's tossed-in-a-corner Blackberry 9000 - and I didn't like it. The trackball started shorting so I couldn't scroll properly, the screen was just too small for browsing and the OS was not very user friendly. Then for some reason I couldn't access the internet, even though it said it was connected to the wifi. I prefer the bigger screen and slide out keyboard, as the touch keyboard is not useful enough when typing long SMS's or other messages.I've had the phone about 4 weeks now. During the first week of use of the Milestone, I saw two random reboots. I haven't seen any since then. Also, a couple of times, the music player started playing music on its own! Annoying. And just today I plugged in the headphone to feed my work monitor speakers with some internet radio, and the music player started on its own again, twice! :@The battery life is excellent out of the box! No battery calibration procedure needed. I am pleasantly surprised at the battery life, from all the poor reviews I read about the battery. I can easily get about 24 hours out of it with minimal browsing via wifi, bluetooth on for about 1.5 hrs a day while driving, some messaging and a few short phone calls. The slide works fine. It is not spring loaded, but there is some resistance to the slide - it does not feel loose and cheap. The phone felt slightly heavy in my hand at first - but that doesn't bother me. I have no qualms with the keyboard really. I can type alot better and quicker than with the touch keyboard or even the keyboard on the Blackberry. The auto correct sometimes get to me, but I am getting used to using the suggested words while typing.I've installed an App killer that I leave running all the time. From time to time, especially when I turn on the wifi, a bunch of apps start on their own in the background. So I use this to kill them.Regarding the software - I cannot criticize the software until I've tried to root and upgrade to Froyo. Although many of the random issues I've mentioned about seem to be software and not hardware related.Supposedly the screen is made of gorilla glass, and is very scratch resistant? However, I had my car keys jammed to it one time in my pocket, and I noticed a damm scratch on the screen already! Gggrrrr!!! So I've ordered some screen protectors for it. I'd hate to drop it too! So I intend to get me good rubberized frames for it. The camera is adequate - even in low light areas such as at night indoors with soft lighting (alot better than the tired BB 9000!)I sync with my corporate Outlook calendar using Google Calendar sync on my PC and the wifi on the phone. This helps a bunch with checking my schedule of meetings etc, when I'm not at my PC. I have a bunch of different contacts that I need to clean up- SIM contacts, Gmail contacts, and Outlook contacts. I just need to merge all of them into one proper contact list. I've used MyPhoneExplorer to sync contacts via USB- but it turns out a mess on the phone. I don't get my corporate email on it, because my company discontinued the Outlook Web Access a week after I bought the phone! And I don't intend to pay for an app to sync Outlook email to it either.All in all - a great phone. When I do eventually upgrade to Froyo, I hope it should be alot better.

The Milestone hardware is good, but for a few small details:- the fixed buttons should be hardware buttons. The OS is so laggy that you never know when a button has been pressed.- the international keyboard (German) only switched the "z" and "y" keys, the special chars ("&auml;&ouml;&uuml;" etc) still can't be accessed quickly.The service, however, is a show-stopper. Updates, if they arrive at all, are late and buggy. And in spite of running a Motorola version of Android, it is not possible to load a different version form a different source. This is not Android, it's a less-than-good Motorola OS that was based on Android.If the phone has all the features you need right out of the box, it still might be the phone for you. The trouble is, it won't have all the features, as Android itself is still in heavy development, and the particular snapshot you get with the phone isn't really up to snuff.Don't buy!

This phone does wht it supose to do. Works well and fast. Ignore what other people say how bad it is about this phone.Pros:-Fast-Screen-Looks-Keyboard-Easy to use-Cheap phone compare to othersCons:-Lags sometimes-Camera-No 3G in U.S

This is my first Android phone and it took me awhile to get used to.  Once I did that this phone rules!The Good: GSM, it's fast, the screen, the applications, the construction, Android.The Bad:  You have to manually add the APN to browse the internet, You can't get 3G, If it's your first Android phone, it takes a while to get used to.The Ugly:  The price dropped by $26, but Amazon won't refund the difference!Update: After asking for my account to be closed for not getting a refund, Amazon did give me a refund for the difference.

I travel all over the world and use this phone.  It is a great phone, I just insert a sim card from what ever country I am in and am ready to go.  Functional and easy to use.

Slick phone with an excellent form factor. The screen image quality is amazing.Very responsive and quick (except for Camera which is somewhat slow).I would definitely recommend it.

It is a great phone but I have a serious problem. The phone can't read my AT&T prepaid sim card, it keeps saying thers's no sim card or there's a sim error. I'm still trying to find a way to solve it otherwise I'll have to return it.

with the time the pices started to be lose it real position so loose no my favorite but price was cheap

I bought this device from amazon.comsimply it is amazing device.....thanks to motorola for this intelligent deviceevery thing is work good...processor,camers,gps,3g and wi-fi

Nice phone. No complaints except that battery runtime is less than 1 day with all features activated and while using phone in a decent way.Buy one spare battery!

it is a lovely phone really cool does a lot of great stuff the only ting is i didn't realize that i doesn't work with a simcard

Non U.S motorola milestone come with locked bootloader which limit the choice of custom ROM to be flashed.However, there are many ways to root this phone to enabled u to explore its potentialbest things about this phone:solid built albeit heavier than HTC phoneqwerty keyboard for easy typingbest rated android phonecome with processor that can handle graphic as wellbad thing about this phone;underclocked processor (500mhz - can be overclock using milestone overclock app-must root the phone first)locked bootloaderflat keyboard (some may dun like it)

I had serious smartphone envy for a while, but didnt want a blackberry or iphone.  So I immediately jumped on the overhyped Milestones bandwagon.  Unfortunately it fails as almost everything but a phone (God, who would have thought a phones quality would be based on things largely unrelated to calls?Pros:  Call quality.  Good sound, good speaker phone, never had any problems with dropped calls or anything of the sort.  Decent battery life, too.Cons: Everything else.  Terrible keyboard.  Terrible camera.  Proximity sensor that turns off screen while on phone shoddy, resulting in cheeking the 'end' button mid call.  Slow compared to phones that came out merely 1-2 months later.  Worst is the fact they ship every single unit with a shoddy headphone jack that results sound to garble when the jack is jostled even slightly.It'll serve its purpose until the Verizon iPhone comes out.  I hate apple, but you know what youre going to get with them.  In the Milestone we were promised the world, and we were served crap pie.

The touch screen is excellent, very sensitive and fast (as long you don't open too many apps at the same time). The keyboard is a little unconfortable, but I guess you get accustomed (anyway, I would prefer a thinner phone without a physical keyboard). It comes with Android 2.1, an OS supported by Google and with lots and lots of apps. The screen size is wonderful (the webpages are shown like on a computer screen - of course, with reduced size). All this make this phone a good choice.What I didn't like: the battery runs out very fast (one day or less of intensive use), but this is common to most smartphones.More internal memory would be fine, too (as I said, the system suffers some slowness when several apps are open). And, at least to me, the phone came with a firmware config version (GAS_EMEA_USASHLS00RTINT_P012) that makes the phone reboot every 30 minutes, that may be solved with a simple update.

This phone is wack it's not worth the money I think a flip phone is better dont buy this dumb phone

From the first time you got it, you feel the great quality from this phone. It's solid, a mix of plastic with metal parts. Good sound quality, strong and clear on phonecalls. The multitouch display works perfect, seems the iPhone multitouch works better but is not a problem. Bluetooth not tested yet, WiFi running very good. Pictures and video taken by the camera are acceptable. Data connection over cellphone only tested on EDGE (2G). 3G can't be tested on my area. Even I can't know what 3G bands are supported by this phone, no instructions, no info inside of the product, no info here on Amazon!. I wrote an message to Customer Service, and the answer was: "sorry, we don't know, please contact to Motorola". This part is the worst part. The phone works like a charm, i'm very happy with it, but the missing information about 3G band, means not to be worried about customers. Additionally to this, I receive the product in a too small package from Amazon and the motorola box was crushed :(
