
its an interest product. But in may state I need the software number to by it, for compatibility with the service comany . Its. ok.

I had had several Sony Ericsson Cellphones (W850, W300, W200, T707) and this rocks! Good touch screen, easy handling (If you are familiar with Sony), nice Android 2.1 (You have to upgraded first). Small enough to fit easily in any pocket, but as powerful to not notice is that small. Good camera, and nice storage space! The Android market is great since you have pretty much anything to download and install it...The Bad:The battery last one days on regular bases (Sending sms all day, and a few calls)Comes with to many apps who doesn't work very well, and are pretty much useless, can not unistall, so you have to keep like 17 apps.If you are planning on buy this cellphone, i will recommended! Has everything and more that you want!

I've had this phone for 2 years.  It's never worked right.  The orientation adjustment went out after a month.  Even though it's not supposed to, it puts pictures on the internal disc, which takes up valuable internal storage space needed for apps (factory installed that I can't delete) and text and call logs.  It doesn't work right with the computer software and I have a really hard time downloading my pics to my computer since they're on the internal disc drive.  Basically I have to do a phone backup for that.  Also, a lot of apps don't work right.As a phone, its quality is okay.  I seem to have more trouble with reception than other friends with different phones -- it seems sensitive that way.A plus is its durability.  It's a solid little phone.  I like its dimensions, and I like the external keyboard.  After 2 years, it's still in quite good shape, even though I've dropped it a couple of times on tile floors.I'm ready for something else, and if I had it to do over, I wouldn't buy this phone again.

I am totally upset. Sometimes it get stuck and the system crash, or the touchpad doesn't react at all. The most annoying thing is that it's not possible to update the software. You need Windows, which I don't have, so I had to borrow a computer from a friend. It didn't work. I borrowed another computer from another friend with a different version of Windows, it didn't work either. I've googled for forum, tried the two different ways of updating (also, the way they describe on the website it's not the same that is prompted by the phone when you plug it in. I tried them both), spent a lot of time on it. No way of updating. I'm really upset. I might get rid of it and get another one.

Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 Mini Pro (U20i) Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone with 5 MP Camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard--International Version with No U.S. Warranty (Black)was damage to the two days the speakerhe was using normally the next day and ran out of the speaker is bad for the product being damaged if a week of use

Todo le funciona perfectamente y trae las cosas que se indica en la descripci&oacute;n del producto.Tiene una perfecta combinaci&oacute;n entre pantalla tactil y teclado completo, adem&aacute;s el manejo de la pantalla tactil es bastante intuitivo y no he tenido mayor inconveniente con respecto al tama&ntilde;o del mismo.En fin... me encanta mi telefonito Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro.

I've got an X10 and a GF wanted the mini.  She was actually a little disappointed that the mini was super mini but functionally it works great.  Other than that I haven't heard any complaints.  It does have a decent battery life and everything else seems to be good with it also.  No faults in the screen or functionality of other parts of the phone.  After a "get to know it" period she had no complaints and started to really enjoy using the phone.

It's fast, works good. Access to the android market. Always liked sony products and this is not the exception. Installed 2.1 android update and a 16gb sd card and it's even better.

this phone is a pretty good smart phone, especially you have data plan, then it can like a little computer!

I've been using this phone for 2 years.Pros:- tiny- nice keyboard- voice, text work consistently- excellent battery life, although that's waning now.Cons:- full of annoying bugs!  Example: Every time I want to end a call, I tap to hang up, and get an error message. Tap OK, brings me back to the call.  Tap to end, it works.  I shouldn't have to go through three taps and an error message EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I have to hang up from a call.  It has been like this since day 1.- camera is awful.  Photos are fuzzy unless taken in bright sunlight.  Flash stopped working recently.- screen is off-center, WTF?- GPS has always been spotty and slow.  Stopped working entirely after a year and a half.  At first, it asked me to install voice every time I opened GPS, and if I clicked &#34;install&#34;, it brought me to an error message that the app I am trying to purchase doesn't exist.  Then I discovered the voice WAS installed, so I just skipped that step.  But again, why do I have to go through a series of error messages EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I open this application?????- Recently started dropping calls and not finding service.  I know it's not the service since my husband's phone doesn't do this and we're on the same plan.- came with a bunch of apps installed that I can't un-install.  Wasting space and I have to scroll through 20+ unused apps to get to the ones I want.Overall, this has worked fine for me as a phone/texting device for two years.  The camera is handy but photo quality is very poor.  Useless as a GPS device.  I never used it for gaming or MP3s, so I can't comment there.I would buy this again if the bugs were fixed, camera improved, and GPS actually worked.  I love that it's so tiny and has a slider.

Hey guys this phone is great, its small, keyboard works good, touchscreen is easy to navigate, I reccommend this phone for anyone that wants droid technology, also comes with USB so you can download songs and photos to your phone or from your phone!

This phone has great potential, I have to honestly admit that. I was expecting around the same potential when running it on only WiFi, but although it loads fast I dont enjoy the phone as much. It has wonderful features that syncs everything (facebook, twitter, etc) and updates automatically but this cant be used on only wifi. My unsureness of the phone could also be contributed to the small screen, although its really responsive, being a visual kind of person i often find myself wishing i would have opted for a different phone with a bigger screen. The dilemma would be that getting a big screened international phone would either mean a giant price tag, no keyboard or weaker software for a decent price. Although I debated on sending it back I opted to keep it. Its great while on the go because you can hold, control, and type on the keyboard using only one hand meanwhile the other is holding my hot tea and I'm speed walking across town. Unfortunately, this phone is by no means an efficient business phone, but a very well social one instead.The camera is great but I doesn't zoom for video or for regular pictures. bummer.

best mini smartphone in deep.came with 2gb, android 2.1, charger adapter, usb, manual, handsfree.PROS:-Size: "MINI" really meant it-slider qwerty keyboard takes advantage over xperia mini. xperia mini pros virtual keyboard is a non qwerty one, so you wont be using it for more than three words.-android market: access to more than 800k applications. IMs, mails, music players, games, and more.-5mp camera-flash: take good quality photos for its little size.-loudspeaker: really good! you won't need a stereo anymore... lol.-capacitive touchscreen: bye stylus!!!! quickly response to touch.-PRICE: cheap for a smartphone like this. you have all you need on it.-Networks: wifi, gsm, 3g, bluetooth, you can transfer files, sent mms, sms, internet.CONS:-would be great to have android >2.1 but you can't caus sony ericsson didnt update that version from this smartphone.-battery life too short. you'll need a spare and go with your charger everywhere.and that's it. it couldn't be better. i love this phone.

El telefono es muy bueno, se trata de un android de gama baja con la expancion de memoria con la tarjeta sd se puede instalar casi cualquier programa

The phone isn't too bad.  Battery life is horrible.  Phone also have some slow down issues here and there.  Especially when playing certain games.**** Requires a Data Plan ****According to AT&T; this phone does require a data plan.  I was notified that I have accrued over $30 in Data charges.  Even though I was only using WIFI!AT&T; wants me to add a data plan to my contract at an additional $15 a month for 200mb. RIP OFF!I am thinking about return this phone for this reason.  This of course could be user error as the Data option is automatically enabled and I didn't turn it off when I was using WIFI.I have since disabled 'data transfer' via the phone settings. I am still using WIFI and HOPEFULLY I will not be charged for the WIFI usage.Again, AT&T; claims that a Data Plan is REQUIRED.-------------Also, for some weird reason, this phone seems to just dial and call all sorts of people for no reason.  Not sure how this happens.  But you have to make sure the phone is locked when "handling" the phone or leaving it in your pocket.You cannot RECORD phone calls with this phone.  Which is sucks because you can with the older Sony phones.To record audio, you have to download an APP or pay for one.  Also sucks because the older Sony phones comes with an app pre-installed. (Sony W910i).

In this mobile my wife could not get ringtone when ever call came.All the settings are correct. If we remove the sim it is working fine. but once SIM is inserted it is not giving ringtone.

The biggest issue with the Xperia Pro Mini (u20i) this is the lack of voice recognition in the base software, so you're going to have to root it if you want to do things like run Google Nav via speech. I can speak right into my cheap LG Optimus V and get directions while I'm on the road, but Sony Ericsson didn't put the voice stuff in the u20i... and the only way to change that is to root. Also, things like pinch zoom also don't work by design unless you root & change the software.Now, I don't mind rooting, but you always risk bricking your device if you do the wrong thing. If I'm spending $200 on a phone, I don't want to transform it into a paperweight for something that should be in the software already. Very annoying to have to waste time on things like this.On the plus side, it worked perfectly in Asia with the Telestial international SIM card, and it's working just fine with T-Mo's Pay-go service (including the data plan) here in the US. So if you want a quad-band GSM phone that you can travel with & also use at home by swapping out your SIM card, then this will do it.

I think it is a quality product for its tough and strong and very practical for use with the phone colors. thanks

Phone I received was different - it had Korean fonts, and was defective.To Amazon's credit, they gave me a partial refund to cover the cost of the repairs.

this was a gift to my twin sister, we booth buy the same cellphone, and we fall in love of it

I ordered the item and worked fine, but the screen was a major disappointment.Very small, and very low resolution. keyboard not easy to operate.

not bad, but too small, this smartphone is too small if you are a guy, over than that its ok, not great

Ross Cellular sent me an old telephone! In the box says: &#34;...did not emanate fron the original manufacturer... may be new or used btu restored...&#34; They deceptive me because in the offer says NEW, and it means: &#34;New: Just like it sounds. A brand-new, unused, unopened item in its original packaging, with all original packaging materials included. Original protective wrapping, if any, is intact. Original manufacturer's warranty, if any, still applies, with warranty details included in the listing comments.&#34;

Please read this first: I am based in Los Angeles, California, USA. I use this phone with AT&T;, I have a family plan with unlimited text messaging and I have a data plan (although this is NOT required unlike the iPhone data plan)I love this phone. But this isn't a five star phone.So unto my complaints first:- short battery life! I have to bring the charger with me wherever I go.- easily unlocks but hard to unlock with the touch screen pattern if you don't use tactile feedback. it feels like a glitch.- no Up and Down directional arrows, only Left and Right. what's up with that?- touchscreen is activated during call, which enables the fone to "face dial" or dial with your cheeks.- not stylus compatible, or you have to touch it a certain way- Using the native messaging app, you can only MMS one picture at a timeNow that I've gotten that out of the way, here's what I love about it.- The four corner, main screen application shortcuts are so handy. You don't have to flip through pages upon pages of your applications.- Timescape, having all my friend's feeds in on area.- Camera produces good quality pics- "IM style" messaging- sturdy construction, I've dropped it several times already and it still functions like it's supposed to. screen isn't even scratched yet. I was weary about this one since myNokia 5800 XpressMusic Unlocked Phone with U.S. 3G,  GPS with Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and 4 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)got so easily scratched up.- compact size, it's so cute but so functional and useful as well.- Sony Ericsson finally caved in with using micro SD HC, finally!I ordered this from Amazon with slight hesitation because it's an international version.The box is so small and contained the bare essentials.Phone, 2GB memory card already installed, international charger with adapter, earphones, and some paper with info on the phone.I checked the version right away and was surprised to see that it's already the 2.1 Android.This phone works with AT&T; but can only use Edge and not 3G, I repeat, it does not run 3G.Which might be the deal breaker for some people but for those of us with a little more patience, it's actually still faster than dial-up.I can run Pandora radio and sync my email at the same time.Must have applications:ApplanetBattery DoctorExtended ControlsBeautiful WidgetApp ProtectorOpera Mini -imho, this is better than the pre-loaded browserGoogle Voice - if you have a Google number, really useful appGameBoid + ROM Gripper - YES, you can use an emulator on this phone. And the ROM Gripper makes downloading games so much easier and almost hassle-free.Camera360 UI - if you like putting effects on your picturesThinkFree Office - comparable to a mobile version of Microsoft OfficeFeel free to message me if you have any questions about this phone :)

Iphone 4 why pay more?After trying out various phones such as the iphone 3g, and blackberry tour I fell in love with this phone.Let me start out by saying that I liked the phone using the touchscreen so much that I felt like I didn't really need the keypad anymore which is a bummer. So yes the touch screen is very easy to use that not even the keyboard, which is the reason I bought it, is that useful. At times when you are writing a long text to write direction sure that can be very useful, but other than that the touch screen keyboard does a great job of saying your playful texts, invitations to your house party, or hellos.Reason I got this phone over the Iphone 3GNow the reason I didn't like the iphone 3g is the qwerty touchscreen. After using a blackberry there was no way the iphone was easier to touch than the blackberry, because you don't get feedback. Some people like using the iphone keypad but who knows if they have used other phones. This is why I got this phone. This phone has a nice keyboard, and touchscreen. You get two worlds here. But like I said the touchscreen worked so nice even though this just has T9 keypad on the screen it works flawlesslyAlso after having the iphone what I liked about this phone much better is the ease of use. The iphone 3g is many times slower than this phone. However I'm not sure about the 3Gs it isn't the reason why I didn't like the iphone its just because of the keypad.Sound QualityThere isn't much to be said here. The quality sound much more fuller than the Iphone by far. So if you want to jam some music loud this is for you.Stand outMany people already have the iphone, those mytouches, the first thing I thought when I got the phone is this is going to stand out since it is many times smaller than your average phone, yet it does everything, well almost since there are some applications that don't work with this phone but I haven't encountered any that don't. You still have your common apps that work such as facebook. In the end this phone does not have that generic look many phones have, and is very stylish.CameraHands down to this phone compared to the iphone 3g. This is just as good as the camera on the Iphone 4 why pay more?QualityAnd to be really honest with you as far as the quality goes this really owns apple products. To me I think apple juts raises prices to create a demand for their products. For example the Iphone 4 has the same quality camera as this phone does. And there are other phones that surpass the quality of the iphone 4 camera such as some other Sony Ericsson phones and droid phones. Just the look, feel and smell ;) is a winner for me. Guys this is Sony.True Unlocked phoneThere really isn't anything left to be said here.Data PlanThe Iphone requires a 30$ data plan from t-mobile to use the internet. This I can just use the basic 5 dollar a month internet and get 3g speeds.ComparableAnd some might say oh my gosh how dare you compare this to an iphone. The iphone has well there really isn't anything better unless you want to use imovie, or I don't know like that bigger screen then I don't know why you would prefer the iphone. And still this isn't a who has the bigger screen contest, there is the Samsung galaxy if you want a huge screen. The reason I didn't like it is because the touchscreen wasn't that responsive, and texting was actually hard to use.Wow factorI'm really surprised that this phone is not more popular. This fun is a very fun phone to use and to have around. I highly recommend this phone.

The Good:- Cute, excellent form factor, nice key spacing/size on QWERTY, good weight, nice size for my hands, pleasant "snap" in opening keypad, amazing touch-screen, decent camera, easy set-up with email/FB/Google apps. Loving Android!The Bad:- Total battery vampire, voracious with all its connectivity options turned on. The first day I had it on, after charging all night, the battery was dead in less than 10 hours.  Thought about doing a return, but then did some reading on the forums about tweaking settings to optimize battery life.  After updating settings, I'm getting through a day with ~70% battery, which is fine.- I purposely ordered through Amazon.com (and not one of the Amazon Merchants) to avoid vendor drama. Phone came with note stating that the package had been opened to assure that the proper chargers/manuals had been included for USA, but no USA charge adapter was in the box. That and a few other observations makes me suspect I didn't quite get a "brand-new" item. This wasn't a deal killer for me as the phone was in excellent condition and I had a spare adapter from another gizmo, but it left me a bit unsettled.Phone: 4 starsVendor/Buying process: 3 stars

this is a very good product the only drawback is that it doesn't load flash and there is no skype for it. So no flash videos on this device

I love this little phone, it feels good in my hands and I like the size of this thing.  I like the interface, its easy to use and the phone is fast and responsive, I really like the slide-out keyboard, I don't have any problems while texting, was concerned it would be too small but it works great.  The keyboard also lights up when dark so that was a nice feature because I wouldn't like using the screen for texting.  Have used the phone for a few months now and I have not had a single issue with it, would recommend.

The phone is a really nice one. It is small, it fits in the palm of my hands. I love that about it. The only thing is that because it is a touch screen phone, my ear touches it while on a call and it sometimes cuts off, or the volume is muted and I hate that. The touch screen is very very sensitive. Wish I would have stayed with my regular old phone instead of upgrading. The keyboard is tiny, only for persons with small fingers. I sometimes press the screen and change the language by mistake when texting because it is so sensitive. It annoys me sometimes to be honest. May change to something different in the future. But great phone otherwise.

Good:I love the interface, easy to use and the response is really fast, I love that it has a real keybord and the touch one. The photo quality is acceptable.Bad:The camera doesnt zoom.-major problem- The battery doesnt last very much (compared to Nokia)

One of the best phones I have owned. The sound is loud and clear when listening to music. Sturdy, I dropped it a few times and it kept working. It also fell inside the washer and kept on ticking as we would say. The camera takes great pictures and videos. Wish all phones were like this one. I recently bought an HTC ONE because the new Experia didn't meet my expectations.

I have a mini pro and it is different than these 2 I bought. The screens are too small, The functionality is different, the pictures quality is nos as good, any way, I felt robbed. My fault for not researching the models before the purchase.

I have been using this phone for a year now and I am dumping it to go back to the Samsung B3310. I wanted to upgrade to a QWERTY keyboard-based Android phone from the simpler Samsung.Although the QWERTY keyboard is nicely laid out and has good touch, that is not enough to make up for the other flaws in what is supposed to be a smartphone. At this price point there are lots of better options than this. I've tried to like it but...The touchscreen is hard to use. It is insensitive; it doesn't register or mis-registers one out of three clicks which is really rather frustrating.On the other hand, the screen re-arranges itself in my pocket or bag once or twice a week. Somehow the screen gets activated and when it does, further screen contact moves, removes and reorders widgets. Even more frustrating.The phone processor is apparently underpowered for Android, based on how long it takes for applications to start up or switch, even without adding applications like Glympse, which can take minutes to respond. Email and other applications are often slow and unresponsive.The user interface for adjusting settings is poorly thought out and hard to use.The camera has very few features and it takes multiple clicks to simply take more more than photo.The phone battery life is poor. I need to charge the phone every night, even if I am not making calls, or turn the wifi and other features off, making it a not-so-smart phone.

So i got this phone about 8 months ago, it worked fine, then little things would start to happen...not to mention it is rinky dink, i know it says mini but it is tiny especially if youre trying to use the internet, better phones out there for the price. It started re-arranging the icons and it always tried to delete them. If it gets frozen you have to take bettery out, and if you have a "draft" text message saved you cant open up that conversation without going all the way through the phone, it just will not open it and is very frustrating. I did like the keyboard, but again it just wasnt worth it for the price if youre looking for a smartphone get a bigger one, because this phone is just too small to do anything with. And leading up to my final point.....at 8 months, my phone died, because the battery wasnt charged, i go to turn it back on while charging and it just wont turn back on (today is 10/15) this happened less than a week ago, tried to reset it but nothing will turn this phone on, and its not the battery because is says its charged but nothing registers, so i had to get a new phone, again not worth it for the price, either get a cheaper phone that just texts, calls and takes pictures, or buy a smart phone that is actually functional

This is the smallest Android phone I've ever seen.  I have small hands and it fit snugly in the palm of my hand - even with the keyboard out you could pretty much text one-handed. The camera is better than I expected - it outdid my Nokia phone's snazzy Carl Zeiss 5 megapixel with the macro shots I took.  Unfortunately I ended up returning the phone for 2 reasons...The Android update from SE was fast and easy and went smoothly enough but after the update the speakers buzzed.  I might have been tempted to live with it but even the upgrade from 1.6 to 2.1 didn't make some of my crucial applications available - mainly due to the small, lower resolution screen size.  So the best feature (the tiny, pocketable Android) ended up being the deal breaker. I'm back to using my old G1 pda-style.If there aren't applications you absolutely have to have and you want a powerful phone you can actually slip in your pocket, I'd recommend it.

good phone for instant text' don't expect more.....phone size and color screen are great but, ring sound very slow and vibration too soft work fine with wiFi slow in edge net' and on key words no UP and Down arrow and one more thing in the calculator sorry no % (percentage key why? answer from SONY Ericsson "Go to droid market and you can download thousand calculator apps free w/% key" and so far this phone working good and one more thing camera w/flash and No zoom.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono muy practico e inteligente liviano, &uacute;nico detalle tapa dif&iacute;cil de extraer por lo dem&aacute;s todo excelente din&aacute;mico y completo.

Love the phone, Android not so much. Battery is some what little bit weak (Android fault).Stylish, small, sound is great, wifi is great,...etc.

Got this phone for my sister. I tried it for a day and really got hooked to it.The full qwerty keyboard is the only diffference between the X10 mini pro and the X10 mini.This little thing is packed with all the android goodies and a great camera.Sony's timescape is the icing on the cake.If you are someone who doesn't want to sign a 2yr contract with your operator, but still want to try out the Android platform, you might want to go in for something like the xperia mini or xperia mini pro.

es un buen telefono , un poco incomodo el sistema touch .. pero es cuestion de acostumbrarse, la bateria no tiene mucho rendimiento...

This phone is a literal piece of metallic garbage. Please, for the love of GOD, DO NOT GET IT. I am warning you - it is not worth it. Don't make the same mistake I did; I wish to spare you from the XPERIA X10 Mini Pro's sheer awfulness.First, its good functions. It looks cute, and can sustain a couple of drops.Next, its bad functions.It has a terrible, glitchy, dysfunctional touch screen. I can't count on both hands the number of times I've had to restart this monster because the touch screen was jumping and blinking and freaking out. It also has an all-too-frequent tendency to copy the last text I sent into the empty text field, so I'm forced to erase everything before inputting a new text. Moreover, it has an atrociously slow start-up and load time for such a small, primitive device. I got this phone because I was too cheap to purchase an iPhone or better Android - I just needed something that could text and call without many issues - and I must say, the XPERIA X10 Mini Pro fails at EVEN THAT.To unlock the XPERIA, you have to slide the touchscreen or open and close it. I've found myself so frustrated with the first option that I've gotten whiplash from flipping it open and closed because I didn't want to deal with its terribly insensitive and buggy touch screen. Also, its battery life is absolutely terrible.Please, just ... Don't get this phone. Just don't. Get yourself a Nokia if you're looking to save some money. Just don't.

I am actually shopping for a replacement for this phone, it's just too annoying. It is a nice looking phone, small enough to be practical and is capable of running lots of interesting apps and whatnot, but it has a few fatal flaws that spoil it:I only use my phone casually, a few texts and maybe a short call a day are all I really ask of it. Despite this, the battery only lasts me one day between charges. I have turned off all the bluetooth and wifi widgets and whatnot, but the in-built battery manager tells me that the main power drain is "idle". This phone was new, so it can't be the battery's fault. Very poor for a modern phone.Secondly, to save the battery, the phone locks itself far too often and is a hassle to unlock, requiring a button press and a scroll of the touchscreen which is sometimes a little twitchy. This is true when writing texts as the delete button is next to a tiny space button (and I know I hit the right one, the phone tries to predict what letter you want to hit rather than just going off where your finger actually touches the screen). Also, the phonebook is atrocious for doing simple tasks like viewing someones number, but great if I want to send them a message on facebook - Arrrgh!Finally and most importantly, THE PHONE CALLS PEOPLE WHILE IT'S IN MY POCKET. This has happened on more than one occasion and is totally unacceptable. The screen lock feature clearly doesn't work. This wastes credit and annoys me and my friends. Utterly contemptible in a so called "smart" phone. I will not be buying a Sony Ericsson phone again.

I can hardly get a signal and Im not sure what to do about it. I just about cant even use it!

This phone is the best phone ever. It's small fits right in your palm it's not big and fat like a sidekick or like samsung galaxy and it's only $171 and it an android! Plus you can get cool apps on the android market I would recommend this phone to people who like small smart phones. The only bad thing about this phone is the theme it's a blue color that you can not change other then that it's really awesome, if you like Sony Ericsson cell phones you should buy this phone.

I've always loved Sony Ericsson phones and this little bundle of joy is no different.Pros:Literally pocket sized.Cons:Touch screen is about 85-95% accurate, if you have small hands.Definitely smaller than I expected, but is fine for me. not a good idea for large fingers.Battery power could be better, especially when the Wifi is on.Summary: Its a nice first smartphone, and a nicer alternative to the virus BlackBerry. I'd definitely recommend it. I keep getting compliments.** If you have any questions just reply to this review and I'll answer, no problem.EDIT: Touch screen is definately +95% accurate

I got the Xperia mini pro a week ago. It is really nice and it's my first phone with android software. I am a little old fashion so I actually still prefer the widows mobile based phones(there's nothing like felling as though you're holding a real mini computer in your hand). So now I have the Mini pro and an Omnia. The screen seems to respond to your actual fingure (heat respoonse) and not a stylus. That is a pro and con for me - pro: because you are sure that your phone wouldn't dial in your hand bag or your pocket which happens with my other phone. Con: because for you big figured people or you ladies with nails (which I am), this proves to be problem especially when you are roaming the net based apps and the small icons are really hard to select. The battery power is the typical sony ericson life span in my opinion as I had alot of ericsson phones in the past. 5 Mp camera is a little better than the G900 but still not up to par with other 5 mp camera phones. Sony still needs to work on that I think. I don't have any probs with the outlay of the phone and upgrading online is easy. With a memory card slot that can compete with the 16GB phones out there it's great. key board is still a challenge with nails (0.5cm long nails) but I would recomend the ladies to still buy it because it's the best small phone you'll ever get on the market. It fits in clutches, you stay connected to the social networks and navigation. Also the screen is suposedly scratch proof so all the battering and dropping wouldn't damage it.

I bought 3 already and in less than 7. Months they broke the screen freze on one the second the keyboard fall out and the third just didnt want to turn on i dont know if the seller send me new &iacute;tem ir refurbished sucks

Overall a good phone. Like the display-the touch screen is very responsive. Upgrade to Android 2.1 is a plus. The keyboard is not so good-very tiny and some buttons don't provide enough feedback when pressing.

this is a gift for my wife, great phone, really nice, not a problem with it, awesome, my wife love it

cool phone...but i have major problems installing the android apps.....has me wondering if it's even an android as it says or is this a fault on the phone itself........can't  say for sure. Newer versions are out now, don't waste time to buy....

One of the worst cellphone that I have ever bought. OS is very slow and also the hardware is very bad. It stopped working after one year of use.

Menu is strange, many functions are hidden, you can become lost trying to using it.You need to download bluetooth file transfer to send and receive file using bluetooth.Wi-Fi is ok, navigation and playing videos on line is faster than other similar devices.

as we speak right now boyfriend just reach home and goes straight to the phone, he's had it a month now, but is still calling it his baby, he feels its the best all around phone hes ever had.  Every time i pick it up i feel a longing to get one too, which i will for my next phone and i will order from the same seller, we received it before the stated time and in brand new condition.  My boyfriend says his next phone will be the exact same one.

Since this is my first Android phone i cant compare it to the big ones but i found that the screen could be a little bigger.The phone is heavy for its size it is the weight of a rock of the same size!!You cant install too much apps from android market due to its internal memory limitation and the fact it uses and old Android and you cant upgrade it. There is a way to install the apps on a SD card but i havent tried it yet.The good news are that the phone can do a lot of things like skype, ebuddy for msn for a great price.This version comes with a keyboard which is very usefull to type faster, you can type really fast using it!!The battery lasts for a day only so i buyed 2 more batteries for it which i use when im travelling.

small but very good phone. Pro version has slide keyboard for comfort in good sms.muy recommend sending and android system.

you will get issues with the software it has, as it is a &#34;mini&#34; version of the real phone, you cannot run a lot of games because of the software that is for &#34;mini&#34; phones, freezes a lot, flex went bad like 3 times and had to repair them, it is cheap but at the end you end up paying more for the repairs than for the phone itself.  be careful, its a rip off!

The good: Compact phone with a real QWERTY keyboard - what more could you want?? Almost all of our family phones are Sony Ericcson and we prefer them to Nokia, Blackberry, etc..The bad: For some reason, the vibrate alert isn't noticeable, I have accidentally made a ton of calls because the touch is so sensitive...

I bought it because I liked the shape, small, and feature-rich smartphone, I like phones sony ericssonIt's that I like.Yes, I recommend

The celphone too bad, it was working by 2 1/2 months. And the The OEM Shop of the Amazon Marketplace, would not be responsible by the warranty! Mothe#&#*%!

I broght this phone about two month ago already the battery don,t hold the charge maybe 2 or 3 hours Defective phone or battery.

El telefono tiene el tama&ntilde;o exacto para ser llevado a cualquier lado, el software se actualiza facilmente con la utilidad de la pagina oficial, lo unico malo es la bateria, se acaba bastante r&aacute;pido pero es manejable, la pantalla es peque&ntilde;a pero sufuciente como para visualizar lo que se necesita.Gracias

I purchased this phone to replace a blackberry with medical software and an MP3 player.  I wanted something that would fit into a woman's pants pocket with ease, and this certainly does.  I don't go online much to check email or browse the internet, so screen size wasn't so important to me.  It runs Android well and Epocrates beta for Android works as well, if not better than epocrates for blackberry, which I used to use.  It has a headphone jack and a fairly exceptional built in speaker (considering the small size of this device).  The audio quality for MP3 playing is excellent.  The camera is fine, but doesn't replace a point and shoot for special occasions.  Texting with the built in keyboard is fairly easy, but I am not a big texter, so I can't comment much on that.I am pretty rough on my devices and have dropped this on the floor many times, and also recently submerged it in water for about 5 seconds (toilet bowl mishap).  It has never malfunctioned despite my abuses, and actually looks really good after many months of use.Usability as a phone is fine, although the screen turns off after a few seconds to save battery, so I have to "wake up" the phone again to end a call.Battery life is fine for my uses- needs charging every 3 days or so. Probably would need to charge once/day with heavy use.

I have had two Android phones in the last year, the Nextus One and TMobile G2. Both of the phones are outstanding. Went to the G2 because I wanted 4G and a keyboard.I bought this phone as a weekend phone, it's very small and compact --- has Outlook email (via RoadSync which is loaded), gmail, google apps and everything my G2 has --- including a keyboard, except less internal memory. The sound clarity is outstanding and the screen is very sharp. Not sure about the battery life as I don't use it on a daily basis. While it is not as powerful in processing power as the Nexus One and G2, it's more than decent, runs fast and better than most Android phones. It only has 3G data but that is fine as I use the Web and data less on the weekends. Keyboard is small so it takes a little longer to type but not really vs. no keyboard.I do have a colleague who uses this phone daily and she uses a lot of cell minutes. It works great for her on Simple Mobile (really T-Mobile backbone).However, it's a great unlocked phone for a great price.

This phone was huge disappointment! I was really excited about getting this phone because of the positive reviews and the nice price, boy was I WRONG! First, the phone malfunctions like crazy!!! It freezes at least once day, and you can't just turn it on and off, you have to go through and take the battery out and restart it. The battery life is SUPER HORRIBLE! I have never in my life had a phone where it was fully charged in the morning and by the time I leave work (without touching the phone) it only has 25% battery life. THEN it didn't even charge!!!! In order for this phone to charge I had to hold it a certain angle with the phone turned off and sometime that didn't even work! One time, the phone's alarm decided to malfunction and did alarm and I overslept and was late for work. Very unreliable! Plus, it just randomly turns off without me even knowing, so people tried calling me all day, but I didn't know because the phone turned off on its own. ALL OF THIS HAVE HAPPEN WITHIN THE FIRST 2-3 WEEKS OF PURCHASING THIS PHONE!!! So, its not like I had it for awhile and it started to mess up over time...NO! It started to act quirky the first day and it progressed over time. I would NEVER recommend this to even my enemy!

Bought this to be my first android phone. At the time of this review, i've been using it for a little over 2 months.I did all the research and for the things i needed and my budget it was either u20i or a motorola dext/cliq.  I decided for this phone because the keyboard is larger and because it's so small.The phone in itself is amusingly tiny, but a little on the heavy side for the size. It has one of the smallest screens on an android phone in the market, so beware.  Personally i find the screen large enough, mostly because this phone is replacing a palm centro, that has a slightly smaller screen.  The touchscreen is very bright and sensitive even for people with thick fingers.  Very easy to handle.  The sliding mechanism at first is sharp and responsive, but it does wear down a little after a few weeks of intense use, though it's never stopped working great.The phone comes standard with OS 1.6, but Sony Ericsson launched an update recently that will install 2.1 on it, which may be a good thing for some.  However, i feel the phone worked much better and smoothly with 1.6 than it does now that it has 2.1.  Needless to say, the upgrade is optional, but it's rather hard going back to 1.6 once you've installed 2.1.Android is a great OS.  I'm liking it much more than the old palm OSs i've used and the more recent iOS by apple.  It's mighty stable, the phone hasn't crashed on me so far. It has frozen on me a few times but give it a minute and it'll get working.  I love android, it's awesome.What i like the most about the phone is probably the keyboard.  Much larger than a blackberry keyboard, wide and well spaced keys, and it's a breeze to type on it.  However beware that i asked for a phone with QWERTY keyboard and was shipped a phone with QWERTZU keyboard.  No big deal, i got used to it in a day or so, but still make sure you're getting what you're paying for.My only real beef with the phone is the battery.  Sony really dropped the ball there.  I could live with a phone being an a few milimetres thicker/longer/wider to get a better battery on this thing. I have tried everything, keeping wifi, bluetooth, location off, killing unnecessary apps, keeping screen brightness to a minimum.  One thing i wont do is turn off data traffic on the phone, as i need the traffic to be constant.  Still, the battery will last me some 5 to 6 hours on standby (with little or no talking).  I had to buy separate chargers for my office and car in order to recharge my phone working during the day.Good buy at first, but i'll probably be changing the phone by next christmas.

Excellent product, works perfectly, my daughter is very happy to be able to use your camera again without recagar in 10 minutes. thanks

The screen is off center... The homepage and several applications are in Spanish and don't function... Crashes alot...Touch screen does not register touches the majority of the time... However it is a phone and that part at least works so doea the qwerty... Camera is pretty awesome as well...
