
Well lets just go over some of the problems with the Droid X.Customer service - CRAP, because there is no control over the platform, they have no idea what the software does.Camera - CRAP- May be 8 megapixels but results are more like 3.Software - CRAP -  Is extremely buggy, crashes often, and you have to be a computer programmer to understand, or spend immenseamounts of time to understand it. I don't want to spend all my time farting around in setting screens, Ijust want it to work.Battery - CRAP - Good luck getting it to last all day with minimal to moderate use.Overall look -- CRAP -- Looks like a cheap plastic piece of junk which it is.

After a week of having the phone i got what i call the  "black screen of death" from the camera. Apparently the shutter is stuck and the camera and camcorder no longer work. I have soft reset and hard reset the phone and even updated the firmware.  this seems to be somewhat of an issue if you check blogs etc. Other than that the phone works great. however that being said this should not be happening. I was reluctant to by another Motorola phone after having bad experiences with their phones. After many years of staying away, i thought i would give them another try, but its just business as usual.  When i called verizon they said that they never heard of the problem (they always say that). I asked if they read their website blogs and they said yes. I then said "there are compaints on your site" about this same problem. At that point all i heard was silence on the phone. Companies seem to be pushing out known defective products; Ex: IPHONE 4 becuase consumers tolerate it. I will have to wait at least a couple of weeks for another phone.

Can't believe it can do all that it can. I love my tech toys, but never really was too interested in a smartphone.  This blew away all my expectations.  Only negative is the pre-installed apps that you can't remove...c'mon.  The phone is great, and does so much more than I would have expected.

I can not stress enough how great this phone is when it comes to screen size, camera quality and just over all fun to use, but like many things to good to be true it is as well.The Droid X reminds of the days when cell phone providers sold people on the features like full qwerty keyboards & 3 mega-pixel cameras, but failed at making calls. The Droid X is best when it's fully charged, the only problem is that if you want to listen to music, or use apps that rely on the web or GPS, you'd better have a spare battery, or access to a power outlet because the battery life will routinely go from 100% to 50% in 3-4 hours just looking up a few facebook updates, google maps and checking in at locations with Yelp, or Foursquare.It's very possible that just about everyday you get off of work your Droid X will have used 60-75% of it's battery life. Which means if you go to hang out with friends afterwords there's a better than average chance your phone will drain & shut down by 9pm. Worse yet, you won't be able to turn it back on till it has at least a 15-20% battery charge (20-45 minute wait). Believe it or not, there is no using this baby even while it's plugged in when the battery drains. Imagine if you needed to call 911 and you didn't have a land line? I've been using app kill programs & have battery settings at extreme levels for saving energy, but I'm not seeing results that make this phone worth keeping.It's like paying top dollar for a pure bred dog, only to find out you need to give him diabetes shots 2-3 times a day. This phone is border line terminally ill and I can't imagine it being an option for somebody who is constantly texting or checking apps.Verizon offers a 30 day return on their phones. Don't believe me, try it out yourself.

This phone is very impressive and it could easily have earned five stars.  When I first purchased the phone, I thought it was the most amazing portable device I have encountered.  In the second week of ownership however, things went down hill.  I have had multiple issues with the phone and have spent several hours on the phone with customer support and at the Verizon store trying to resolve some reoccurring problems.One of the biggest concerns about the Droid X is the size, it is on the bigger side when compared to most other phones on the market today but it is not too big.  The Droid X easily fits it all my pants pockets, including jeans.  The Droid has a a gorgeous 4.3" screen, 16:9 widescreen 480854, which was the main selling point for me.  After trying multiple phone with Verizon and other carriers, this was the first touchscreen phone which I have had no trouble composing messages.  Not only is it easier to type on this bigger screen, the Droid X multi-touch support feels very responsive and intuitive when browsing the web. Videos look great on the Droid X and it makes for a wonderful portable GPS navigation system.  One of my favorite features on the phone is the Google Sky app which is an interactive celestial map for the phone.  Instead of considering it a big phone, think of it as an ultra portable tablet.Unfortunately, the interface on the phone is not stable, at least not since the most recent update.  I know my issues with the phone are not isolated because I was able to find multiple forums with other Droid X owners complaining and looking for solution with the exact same problems I have come across.  Some of the issues I have encountered include loss of phone functions, losing the ability to stream music/videos and having the camera/camcorder fail on me.  These issues have come and gone, usually a hard or soft reset of the phone alleviate these issues, it is a pain though having to restore your settings after a hard reset.  At first I thought my phone was defective, but after swapping my first phone for a second Droid X, I was still experiencing some of the same issues.  So far I have only downloaded a few apps from recommended and reputable sources such as Google, Pandora and Rovio; I bring this up because every time I contact Verizon regarding a newly discovered problem with the phone, they are quick to blame the phone user for downloading a malicious app.I have been able to stabilize my Droid X the last few days with an app that was recommended by Verizon.  I installed the Advanced Task Killer application, and my phone has worked fine since then.  Based on my experience, the phone can not function without this application that shuts down other apps that are running in the background but are not in use.I am on my third week with the phone and I am considering returning it while it is still under the 30 day return policy.  I hope that Motorola will be able to address the software issues with the Droid X with future updates.  I feel that I will be taking a huge risk with the Droid X if I decide to keep the phone.UPDATE:Day 21 and I am on my third Droid X.  I must have jinxed myself with the above review because my phone started experiencing a number of issues right after I wrote it.  Spent a couple of hours with technicians from Motorola and Verizon later that day, they both blamed each other with the issues my Droid X was experiencing.  Motorola blamed the network and Verizon blamed the update which did not appear to download properly on to the phone.I am hoping that third time is the charm.  If the phone can remain functional, it may be the best phone released to date.  It is disconcerting how easily the phone can become bricked from a poorly implemented update from the manufacturer.2nd UPDATE:So I decided to keep the phone, love the GPS features and having access to the web on a decent size screen on the go, and my third DX appears more stable that the last two.  Still experience quite a few hiccups with the phone, like assigned ringtones not working occasionally, but nothing that interferes with the main functions of the phone, at least not for the most part.I was hoping that future updates would stabilize the phone but it has not happened yet.  I wanted to give this phone a higher rating with my love/hate relationship with it but if anything, it deserves a lower rating (my rating of this product has been dropping with every new problem I am discovering, initially gave it a 5 star).  With the latest updates, the phone recently developed the tendency to reset itself when texting.  Contacted Verizon, they said it is a common software problem with the latest update, they gave me a list of things to do to try and fix the reseting issue.  If this does not work, I will be going in for a 4th DX.3rd UPDATE:It was a mistake keeping this phone, will be getting my fourth one in the mail soon.  The problems have become worse, the phone constantly reboots on its own, apps are not functioning properly, apps open by themselves (a common problem according to Verizon tech support), txt messages duplicating or sending several hours late, etc.

i was so happy when i got this in the mail... but then i tried using it (with wifi) and  kept getting errors, i called verizon and they had me do tons of stuff to try to fix the problem.... about 5 hours later still same problem. they told me it must be the phone so i called amazon and got a new one shipped out with the same problems...ugh.... called verizon again they tried to help but ended up telling me i should go try it at a Starbucks or something???????? (it may not like my internet) so ...... as much as i loved everything else phone has to go back!

There is BIG PROBLEM. It is a known issue with this phone. It does not work correctly with corporate servers running exchange. Sadly Motorola or Verizon will not tell you this before you purchase the phone. There are workarounds that sometimes work, but you have to be an IT professional to implement them.I switched from an iPhone 2G which worked perfectly with my company email system. But this brand new 2010 device does not. And Motorola knows this, yet released the phone anyway. Motorola has suggested that we can purchase a $20 app that will make the phone work with company exchange servers. That is another fix that sort of works, but it's not perfect. And why should you have to pay another $20 for basic functionality that is free with other handsets.Otherwise, the many features of the phone are very very good. Best Android phone you can buy. But if you need company email, purchase another phone.Check out the Motorola user boards for more info. There are 24 pages of posts about this problem. They say they are working on it... but no date has been given for a fix, could be months.[...].I will update with a video of the problem this weekend so you can see for yourself.UPDATE: August 5th. There are now 52 pages on the Motorola user boards, and no explanation or timeline for the fix. Again, this phone does not work with Exchange. You cannot get your company emails on this phone.SPREAD THE WORD!!!!

First of all, the phone itself is pretty much everything I wanted it to be except the quality of the camera in low-light settings.  Even with the night-time settings selected the photos and video both turn out grainy and blurry.  Otherwise, I love all the interface and features of the phone.However, the only reason I'm actually taking the time to write a review is to let people know that porting my old mobile number to my new Droid X was an infuriating experience including several distinct phone calls to incompetent (albeit very polite) service reps for both my new and old providers.  The process was eventually successful but took five days total and included a few hours where I didn't have service to either my old or new phones at all.  All of the reps I spoke to pointed a finger firmly at Amazon saying they created both "shell" and "billing" accounts for me but neglected to link them.To sum up, the phone is a good deal on Amazon but be prepared to spend hours on the phone explaining your situation very carefully if you intend to port your number from an outside provider.  Oh and I also never received the email with my $5 mp3 credit which was disappointing as well.

I sat back and waited for Verizon to get the iPhone and then for my plan to permit an upgrade.  Then I decided to look into the DROID X.  I read many reviews and customer feedback.  I decided to give the DROID a chance.  Mainly because it includes free Google driving directions/maps, a host of free apps and the Price is Right Bob ($50).  I purchased a 32GB sdmicro card with USB and SD card adapter for $60, I also bought the car charger and dash holder for hands free navigation.  My investment was about $130 total. The DROID X is a dream, fast and as easy to navigate as the iPhone (finger browsing good).  Within minutes I downloaded many free apps like weatherbug, google maps and Pandora.  The phone is easy to backup to my computer and the removable sdcard makes it easy to perform a backup.  I loaded all my pictures and old versions of legal MP3s etc that iTUNES would never permit.  The DROID did the thinking for me and organized my music and the pic browsing app is a snap.  The voice activated text and messaging service is better than most and is way convenient.  The touch screen keyboard is fun to use and if you invert the phone it is easy for people with fat fingers, AKA me.  I love APPLE and its products.  But unless your a techno snob, forget the iPhone and go with its better cheaper cousin.  Did I mention the 8mpxl camera and HDMI video?  Only drawbacks I see is the DROID and Micorsooft don't play well together.  I would like the back to be DROID on my homegroup windows 7 network wirelessly, not there yet.  You can connect with a tether.  The bottom line is I love this phone and chances are that you will as well.  Don't hesitate, three of my friends are recent Amazon wireless DROID X converts.  It's contagious.

I've had the DROID X since December 2010, and then got one for my spouse a month later. We replaced conventional phones, and in my case, retired an aging Dell PDA. We do not have any use for Verizon's $20/mo limited data plan. We have 100% unlimited internet coverage without it.The quality of the hardware is first-rate. Excellent sound; it has three microphones for external noise cancelling. You can't tell when I'm phoning hands-free from the car. I pair it to a Bluetooth headset when listening to music at home.What was unexpected was how useful the features are, and how much we have adopted them into our lives. So it's much more than a phone now for both of us. The features we use most are the Internet Browser, Google Navigation, Google Location, email, Google Contacts and Calendar and Google Talk. Also Google Earth, and Google Voice! I use the Kindle Reader and switch between the reader and the Android-Kindle software Reader.Google voice is VOIP - Voice over the internet. With that I can talk to my family across the country any time at no charge, and no minutes used. This in itself is worth the extra $30 a month for the Verizon smartphone plan. The quality is excellent. No drop-outs yet.Motorola makes some valuable accessories. The Droid X Auto mount is in use whenever the cars are in use. We use it to GPS navigate or at least tell us where we are. It's turn-by-turn voice announced so you don't have to look at the screen. In addition, the Droid X phone works as a hands-free phone from the mount. And it's charging from a lighter socket charger.We also have the multimedia desk charger by the bedside. It has an excellent dim-able clock and alarm.Our experiences with Verizon Wireless have been excellent.CONS: Verizon has installed a number of crapware applications, and you cannot uninstall them. I wouldn't care too much; after all, it's should just be memory space, but time and time again, I find that some program (like Skype) is running even though I have never used it. When we first got them we were plagued with a request to activate CityID, a subscription-based city directory. VZ Navigator, which is a very expensive monthly charge. In all about 10 or so applications that were specifically put there by Verizon and cannot be removed. Otherwise, our experiences with Verizon Wireless have been excellent.

08/22/10 UPDATE:  QUESTION:  Would the large screen of the Droid X allow users to see more things or the same things in a larger size on its display?  Has already been over five weeks of using the Droid X and no complaints.  This week I ran some "home tests" trying to answer the question on how programs will be seen in its larger display and have included some Photos.The process was a direct comparison with my I-Pods Touch (running IOS-4).  Said Apple products were used because their display is the same size as the I Phones and the recently introduced Droid 2.  The I Pod Touch accessed the Web trough Wi-Fi and photos have not been adjusted, only cropped to size.  The results showed some unexpected results that answered my question but not the way I anticipated.  Included are photos demonstrating what I describe below:1.  Keyboard.  The virtual keys for the Droid X are almost double the size of the Apple device. More important, the keyboard stretches to the full screen when in landscape (the I Pod does not have landscape capability even with IOS 4) and the key organization of the Droid seems to be designed with users in mind as for having included the period and the comma in the main screen amongst many other goodies.2. Displaying e-mails. When the same e-mail is displayed in both devices. No major differences as for content but fonts in the Droid X are almost twice the size as in the I Pod Touch.3. Urbanspoon. With the Urbanspoon, the information is about the same for both devices. The larger display of the Droid X is basically lost area with the "urbanspoon" logo.4. Weather Bug. Using the Weather Bug, the Droid X shows more content and more important, shows an additional decimal digit for the temperature reading.5. Browsing the Web.  On C-Net's TV podcasts, the larger screen of the Droid X allows users to see more information on the display.Thus, answering my own question on the larger display on the Droid X, seems that all depends on the way that specific applications/programs were designed for the Android Platform vs the I Phones OS.  On some instances (e-mails), things were displayed larger.  On others, the larger display of the Moto device allowed more content to be displayed (Weather Bug & the C-Net website).  On a third group, exemplified by Urbanspoon, the content is the same and the larger screen shows basically useless/dead space on the display.A point to remember.  These are home tests done with I Pods from 2007 and I have not yet played with the Droid 2.  The Droid 2 has many features from the Droid X and new I Pods  will soon be unveiled with a front facing camera and not unlikely the Retina Display of the I PhoneFour4.  And I use I Pods for e-mail and web browsing through Wi Fi only, never to watch movies or even for music listening.  For these, I use old Zen Visions (from 2004) which I modified with 120 GBs of HD space.Hope that these comparisons are useful or at least interesting to you as a consumer and if someone conducts similar comparisons with the Droid 2, the I Phone Four or the new Sammys, will be worth reading about the results and your opinion.08/14/10 UPDATE:  It has been almost a month (29 days) using the Droid X and time to decide if I it should be returned or if it is The Keeper because the VZNs 30 day return policy ends tomorrow.  Since my last update, one major event happened.  After all the fuzz & buzz regarding the E-Fuse that allegedly Moto had installed in the Droid X and will self-destruct the phone if users tried to modify it, I decided to see if indeed the phone would  self-destruct while still under the return policy.Last week when VZN sent the Froyo (Android 2.2) for the Original Droid users, I was able to download it from the Internet.  The phone was backed up (over the air) and the Froyo file copied on a Micro SD Card.  Following the instructions, installed the card and rebooted the phone.  Opened the zip file and although it seemed to self-install, the phone went dead.  I thought that the feared E-Fuse had gone off and would have to go to a VZN store with a credible explanation of what have happened.But checked on the Internet and found a posting on how to get the phone in recovery mode.  Thus, replaced the Froyoed card with the original one, got the phone in Recovery Mode (with the mechanical buttons; power & volume) and was able to restore the Android 2.1 OS.  Rebooted it again and the phone self-synchronized with VZN and all contacts, links, etc, came back as backed up.  Applications had to be reinstalled one by one.  Thus, seems that the story of the E-Fuse that self-destructs the phone is not true at all.Have used the phone in low reception areas and even with the signal meter showing just one bar, can access the Internet and make phone calls.  Battery life continues to be excellent and with the customization capabilities of the OS, the phone goes into a sort of sleep mode (called Off Peak Hours) at midnight and wakes up at 7:00AM.  With a third party application; Tasker, have been able to do modifications as to which "things" are on in specific events.  For example, the GPS turns itself on when any of the applications that use positioning is launched.  Otherwise it is off.  With said application and moderate use of the device, have been able to get up to 48 hours from a single battery charge of one hour.For those of you who are considering the Moto Droids, be aware that you must have a Google E-Mail account to access your contacts.  Google allows you consolidation of other e-mails or you just import your contacts from Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.  Your Google E-Mail is accessed on the phone and all the information of your contacts show up.  The latest from Google is that they allow you to log on multiple accounts from a specific device.  Very convenient but anticipate that this will end.The keyboard has proven to be very convenient, especially the large virtual keys and the predictive texting.  With just the first three to four letters of a word, alternatives show up under the texting area and you pick up the proper word.  On 08/12/10, Google announced the One Voice for voice recognition or voice to text.  I installed it but does not work.  Seems that needs Froyo and the latest reports are that will be delivered over the air on the first week of September for the Droid X.A couple of things that I had not covered before.  The camera and camcorder work great and files can be searched alphabetically or by date.  Video streaming is uninterrupted but have not received any with HD resolution.Having said all this, I must re-classify the Droid X with five stars, especially because even after erasing the OS, was able to self-configure itself over the air and have not had any problems at all with the new toy.  It's a keeper until at least next year.Hope that my review and updates have been useful to you.07/31/10; UPDATED REVIEW.  First, thanks for the consumers who have found my Initial Review helpful and classified it as such in Amazon.  Has been two weeks using the Droid X as my only means of communication besides Skype.  Overall, it is an excellent device with amazing customization capabilities but have found that the Droid X may have an even more limited customer market.  As amazing as the Droid X is, IT IS NOT A PHONE FOR PERSONS WHO ARE TECHNO OR COMPUTER CHALLENGED, at least for now, if they want to get the most of this marvelous Moto engineered toy.  Otherwise, there are many simpler phones that will not complicate your/their life(s).THE BAD:  First issue, being such a new device, not many vendors have the accessories for it and even though I received the ordered seven in one package from Amazon, still, no one has manufactured the proper case for the phone.  See last photo below.Second, the Verizon website offers plenty of features to customize your phone and play with it; messages, ringtones, etc.  But it does not work with 64 bit computers.  And after downloading and installing the software, you get a message that it does not support computers running 64 bit OS.Third, there is not much information on the Web and most of it relates to the original Droid which is not compatible with the new X version.  After following advices posted to load ringtones, videos and photos, noticed that most were wrong and had to erase all the OS system.THE GOOD:  Reception, battery life and call quality continue being amazingly good for a device with such a large display and now that I have been playing with some Multi Media features, can give you an update on these. Besides, the phone has become the center of attention of some persons; from a Security Officer at the local Airport to friends that have noticed the change from my Blackberry look alike old Nokia (E-71) to this MONOLITHIC 2001 SPACE ODYSSEY Movie alike icon.Unlike other devices that limit MM features, if you work around, you will be able to customize caller IDs with JPGs (not animated graphics like some Samsungs), from your favorite characters to recent pics of your kids and/or significant persons.  The Photo Gallery even included the date of the pictures you uploaded.  The audio is OK with a single rear facing speaker unlike other devices which have two speakers.  The only limitation encountered is loading videos.  Have tried at least 10 different movies to be converted from VOBs into compatible and reasoably small formats but unable to load these on the X-device.Thus, after using the Droid X for two weeks is still a KEEPER that fulfills my needs as for a device that can make calls, browse the web, get e-mails, messages and use a GPS w/o paying the extra $10.00 monthly fee usually charged by Carriers.Now, if for whatever reason the Droid X was not the ideal phone for you, my advice is:1. If you would consider other Carrier, try the HTC Evo from Sprint.  The 4-G capability is not available everywhere.2. If you want to use VZN but the X version of the Droid id too big a device, consider the Incredible.3. If you want to use ATT, try their version of the Samsung Galaxy but be ready for dropped calls.4. If you need to have T-Mobile, check their Sammy.  It is thicker due to the slide out mechanical keyboard and their amazing Nexus One has been discontinued.UPDATED CONCLUSSION:  The big, bad, mean new toy AKA the Droid X is for consumers who want or need the essential things from a Smartphone including good quality phone calls, e-mail & internet browsing.  And the persons that will most enjoy it are those that have the interest and the time for of customizing it.Hope that this review helps you deciding on which phone to get this summer.  If you want to wait until January 2011, several new devices will be available operating at twice the speed of the Snapdragon & Hummingbird processors.  But let's see what FroYo [Android 2.2] brings to these Droids in the next couple of weeks.Several photos of the Droid X have been included and sorry that these have not the best resolution/quality.  Here are descriptions of them:1. Comparing the size of the I- Pod Touch (32GBs) with the Droid X and the Nokia e-71.2. Main screen of the Droid X with the Galaxy wallpaper (included on the phone).3. Comparing how an e-mail looks like between the Droid X and the I-Pod Touch.4. Comparing the Weather Bug application in both devices (I-Pod has not been updated as for location).5. A more detailed view on how the Weather Bug looks in the Droid's huge display.6. Cases; the one on the I-Pod is a cheap one from E-Bay, the one on the Nokia is Boxwave's Designio case (not yet available for the Droid X) but the best I have found.7.  Holster; too large for even this big toy.Keep tuned for my re-evaluation once I receive the HDMI cable and compare the X-Droid's A/V capabilities with the TV native sound/video resolution.----------------------------------------------O7/26/10: INITIAL REVIEW:  I have been using the Droid X for ten days already.  Uncertain if it was the device that fulfilled my needs, conducted several "home tests" to evaluate three key things; battery life, reception and call quality.  The Droid has many other features but these were not relevant for my decision if keeping the new Moto device since I regularly use other devices for said purposes;  a Zen Vision for video playback & music, a Camera for pictures, etc.As documented by others, the Droid X is a big device, even taller than the HTC-Evo.  Its back is metal covered by a rubberized textured material which prevents slipping from sweaty palms and fingers.  On the Left Lower corner has the slot for a Lanyard which I hooked at the store.  Not many phones have kept Lanyard slots nowadays and it was a nice design detail from Moto especially for a big device.  Is not as heavy as you will anticipate and the mechanical camera shutter bulge is convenient for proper grasping.The phone has been customized for my needs and preferences, from the animated wallpaper of a Galaxy (not the Sammy Galaxy Phones) to the icons on the seven screens.  Yes, has seven different screens unlike the original Droid which came with three.  When turned on it shows the I Phone alike unlock bar which is not the most convenient way.  Nokia phones are unlocked by pressing two keys in sequence.  The screen is bright for almost all places except under direct sunlight.  Nevertheless, screen brightness can be increased.The operating system is the quite familiar Android 2.1 with nothing spectacular or unique on it.  Applications load quickly and I have not experienced freeze-ups even with multitasking.  The thing I like most of the OS is that it allows you plenty of customizing and even monitoring battery use per components; cell standby, display, voice calls, phone idle and Bluetooth as well as an indicator of elapsed time since you last unplugged the device.  There is also the capability of turning on / off the Bluetooth, the Wi-Fi, the GPS and Airplane mode trough colored icons in one of the main screens.For purposes of my evaluation if the Droid X was a phone to keep or pass and wait for the Samsung Galaxy next month, I tested the reception going into places where I knew that signal strength would be minimal.  This is just a comparison that has limitations and the most important variable is the change of Carrier from ATT to VZN.  Tested and compared with results with prior performance using the Nokia E-71 with ATT.  Not very fair but the Nokia is the device I have been using for more than two years.RECEPTION:First test; on an Inside Elevator, doors closed floor 8 (in a 20 story building).  None of the phones were able to make a call.  Calls initiated before entering the elevator were dropped (with both devices).Second test; Underground Parking.  Nokia dropped calls and was not able to initiate any calls.  Droid X, calls not dropped but voice quality deteriorated.Third test; a street downtown between tall buildings.  While the Nokia was not able to initiate calls, the Droid X was able to do them even though the communication was interrupted.Variables were minimized calling the same persons, representing the four main cell phone carriers; ATT, VZN, Sprint and T-Mobile.  I am aware that this test is more of indicative of different Carrier coverage and signal strength than differences in the phones as such.CALL QUALITY:After each call (made or received) I told the person who I talked with that I have changed my phone and wanted his/her opinion if they heard me better, the same or worse than before.  Half of them responded that voice quality was the same and half said that it was better.  No one said that it was worst and the Nokia's are well known for their good mike & speakerphone.  Worth mentioning that calls were made under multiple settings such as windy places, a noisy shopping center and also in the silence of my office.  Perhaps, the key factor for the Droid's performance it's the multiple microphones it uses, one for cancelling environmental noise.BATTERY LIFE:Perhaps, the most important factor in my decision to keep or exchange the Droid X.  Nokia phones have an excellent battery life and my E-71 was charged for an hour every other day or even every third day  with regular use.  Regular use for me is from five to ten short calls a day, checking e-mails and browsing the Internet a couple of times a day.  Wi-Fi is always on receiving e-mails and Bluetooth always enabled with either headphones or even the car stereo.The Droid X allows users many configurations regarding battery use and which applications features are on or off as well as how illuminated you want the screen.  It becomes even more user customizable with third party applications but I decided to run the battery duration tests with the three settings that Moto offers.  Worth reminding that on a device with such a big display, most of the battery will be used by it.To conduct this test you just go into Settings/ Battery Manager/Battery Profile.  There are three native options; Performance, Smart and Battery Saver Mode.  The results with my "regular use" were:Performance:  After overnight charging, using the Performance Setting (with the brightest display illumination) battery lasted an average of 28 hours.Smart Mode:  Same use after overnight charging, the battery lasted an average of 36 hours on three trials.Battery Saver Mode:  Similar use & charge, battery is lasting over 40 hours with at least 50% of the charge left according to the device battery meter (with said setting).  On this mode, the battery use by the Display shows only 29% compared with 34% use for the Cell Standby, 19% for Voice calls, 11% for Phone Idle and 9% for the Bluetooth.  This mode allows you also to configure specific settings for Peak hours and Off-peak Hours as well as individual display brightness.  I have not tried yet the phone over 40 hours without recharging, afraid that might have a dead phone at some time.CONCLUSIONS:I am aware that this initial review might be subjective, has variables outside my control but though of publishing it to help consumers that are not decided on what device to get in this revolutionary summer of new smartphones.  It will be very useful if others can compare the Droid X with similar devices using the same carrier; VZN.  As for my needs, the Droid X does fulfill the three main ones and seems that it is a keeper.SOME RECOMMENDATIONS:Due to its size, the Droid X might not be for everyone.  Definitely not for kids, petite persons or those who are technologically challenged.  In ten days I have been able to spend hours "playing" with the device and customizing it for my needs and likes.  One of the features I like most is that when I receive a call the phone "speaks" the name or number of the caller, shows the assigned avatar, image or photo followed by a short vibration and if I do not answer the call, the designated ringtone starts to play.Being the Droid X a new device, not many vendors (or even Verizon) have the accessories for it.  Thus, I am using the Lanyard from my old Nokia, a Screen Protector from a full size Garmin GPS and an old case from a large camera which had a belt clip.  The only place where you can get accessories (for now) is through the major website seller and I ordered a seven in one pack which includes the HDMI cable.During the following days I will test the Multi Media capabilities as well as it's Internet, e-mails and social media features.  Meanwhile, I hope that this article is useful for those of you that still have not bought their new smartphone.  Have fun researching which one is best for your specific needs!

A fine phone and mobile Internet device.Pros:App library is growing. Apps are developed using Java and an optimized virtual machine.Great phone with calender and phonebook integrated with Google's calender and contracts. This replaces PDA's which are manufactured anymore.Uses Verizon's EVDO wireless network, but can use WIFI via an access point.Recently rooted so it can only get better. The locked down bootloader will be worked out eventually.App development kit available for Linux and Windoze.Cons:Battery life, particularly with heavy app use can be a drain, but as long as I charge this nightly, I'm fine.Phone can act as a wireless access point, but that's a $30 a month charge more.

I'm not much of a reviewer, and I've only had this phone for a couple days, but I've been enjoying it so much I felt like writing one.Hardware:First thing I noticed when I picked up the phone was how SMALL it was.  Seriously, after reading so much about how large it is, I was expecting some huge monstrosity that I could barely fit in my pocket. I was pleasantly surprised.As for build quality, this phone feels solid. Has some nice weight to it, but not too heavy. Just feels like its made out of quality materials, not cheap plastic like my last phone.I really enjoy having the hardware buttons. The four front buttons make navigating the phone simple. The camera and volume rocker are properly placed and the power/lock button is right on top of the phone.Software:This is my first phone running android OS and I am thoroughly impressed. I am coming from a phone that was running Windows Mobile 6.2 and was worried about possible loss of exchange functionality. However, this phone synced right up with my corporate Exchange server including calendar.The navigation throughout the phone is intuitive. Customization is high, yet done in a way that makes it very easy for the user to understand.Also would like to mention that I am simply blown away by the number of free apps in the Android market.  I highly recommend TeslaLED for a flash light app that uses the phones camera flash.Cons:Default weather app isn't as cool as I've seen on other phones. Its provided by accuweather and doesn't have the nice animations I've seen on phones such as the EVO. But, I'm sure a trip to the market can fix that.Camera could use more manual options, I was disappointed when I chose the macro scene which sets the flash to auto and that cannot be changed.Sending video messages could be improved.Maximum media volume is somewhat quiet.

The phone is very nice but the 4 physical buttons at the bottom are horrible!!!I never used Android before so I didn't realize how often I would be clicking the buttons at the bottom.  Since they are physical, with a pretty stiff resistance, I have to hold the back of the phone as I press a button.  Doesn't sound like a big deal but when all the other clicks on the screen are so easy and effortless the buttons at the bottom become very annoying.The camera in the phone is amazingly good.  Video is very good.

I was a little leery of getting a phone with no keyboard.  Then I learned about Google Voice Actions (GVA).  I wanted this phone because of GVA.  My phone came with Android 2.1 and I was disappointed to learn that I could not use GVA unless I had 2.2.  Since GVA was free, VLingo decided to give their app away for free and I installed it on my phone.  I was surprised how accurate (99%) the speech recognition was.  I can search, navigate, email, text--anything done with the virtual keyboard can be input with VLingo.  Phone calls are clear and never dropped whereas I had daily problems with the purveyor of iPhones.I found that using the virtual keyboard was not so bad.  It has built-in suggested words that you can tap on, and any word you type can be added to the dictionary.  I like the easy customization of wallpapers and sounds.  It comes with a 16GB micro SD and you can install up to 32 GB cards if you like.  I use linux at home, so it doesn't connect so well with my laptop for transferring files.  I usually just use email or remove the SD card for huge files.  I do tether it for laptop internet use on the go.  You do not have to pay for "hotspot" service to do this.I have now manually upgraded to Android 2.2 and things are even better.  The screen is clearer and the sound volume is better.  Processing and graphics are faster.  I can tell by real observation and usage as well as by running benchmarking apps.  Battery life has improved.  I would have recommended this phone before the upgrade, but now I am even more satisfied.I almost bought it here, but WF shipped it to me in two days, so I cancelled.

My wife bought me this phone for Christmas '10 as an upgrade from a BB Storm (awful phone).  The Droid X has a beautiful screen, reasonable battery life considering the multimedia platform, and okay sound.  The best part is that I was able to download Adobe Flash and actually watch embedded video through the 3G straight from the internet!  It has worked perfectly!  I haven't tried going to Netflix yet, but I think Netflix has its own program or whatever.  Additionally, I've been able to snap pictures and record video and upload them easily to my Facebook and Youtube channels.  Overall, it has been very stable and a downright pleasure to interact with. :-D

I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now. I use my phone for both business and entertainment and it performs both functions very well. Email works well. I find it easy to search for email, to flag important email and to mark email as unread. I can also open most attachments. You are notified of new mail by an audible alert, a small green flashing light and an icon in the upper right (naturally you can configure these notifications in the settings. The calendar also is acceptable. I was impressed with the battery life. I can make it through a whole day on a charge. It is better than my palm pre and my pre had a larger battery I bought from Seidio instead of the stock battery. Also, I love skype, this is one of my favorite tools. It works beautifully on the Droid X. I was blown away at the call quality. When not using skype, the call quality is still good, love verizons network.I make lots of calls for work, especially conference calls. This is why skype is so handy. However, I did learn one super cool trick. I got a google voice number and added that number to my Verizon friends and family list. I then put an app called flex dialer on my phone which can route any call I make through the google voice number. This means no outgoing calls are counted toward my minutes no matter who I call or how long. I can turn this feature on and off with a widget. This comes in handy if I know I'm about to make a long call with a client.I was particularly impressed with the app market. I have an ipod touch so I'm familiar with what is in the apple app store and android apps are just as good. Yes android may have fewer apps but the good ones, the ones you are really going to need or want are likely going to be there. One of my favorite apps is the skyfire browser. I love having flash on my mobile phone, it really makes your web browsing experience closer to that of a real PC.Leaving a Palm Pre for a Droid X had me worried about two things, inability to multitask and pocketability. The Pre did both of those things. Droid X can't multitask like the pre and that is frustrating at times but all the other features really make up for it. As far as size, yes it is big but not too big to stick in your pocket. In fact I had it in the pocket of my dress shirt at work when I was waiting for my case to arrive, no problems. I've grown to love the big screen and after having used it, the screens of other devices seem tiny.A few things I'm not crazy about. The keyboard. In landscape mode the keyboard takes up way too much of the screen. It makes it hard to navigate through the paragraph I'm typing. Trying to scroll back up and look at what I've typed and then move my cursor to a different paragraph is a very clumsy process. My other gripe is the camera, it isn't bad but I was expecting better. Nobody needs to lecture me that megapixels are not the only feature that impacts picture quality. I know that. I just thought that if Motorola was going to make an 8 megapixel camera, they would have a final product that could take better pictures than this. They aren't too bad but they are a little more sensitive to motion than my last camera phone. Also they can be grainy if there isn't sufficient light.I have a love/hate relationship with motoblur. This tool pulls your facebook contacts into your address book. This is cool since many of my coworkers are also facebook friends. Now I see their facebook picture when they call me. I also see their facebook update in my contacts. Neato! On the downside, like most people I have some facebook friends that I havent seen in 20 years and I don't want them in my contact list. I cannot figure out a way to get these fools out of my contact list. Yes, I can hide them, but that isn't what I want. If any of you Droid X users out there have any suggestions for me please speak up.

This could have been the best Android phone available, at least for now and probably to come for a few months, but Motorola's attempts to distinguish themselves over HTC and Samsung had to spill over into the software.Hardware wise this phone is amazing, if there's anything to fault it might be that the form factor isn't right for you, but it really is just a winner.  Where it starts to go wrong is in Motorola's customizations to Android, either added or replaced.A prime example, Android supports sync with Facebook and Twitter through the official applications.  In doing so you can sync all your contacts OR just those you have as google contacts, thus not polluting your contact list.  You can also set which picture to use for a contact (google, facebook, or twitter) on a per user basis.  Motorola saw fit to remove this functionality and replace it with their own means which results in not only all of your contacts being dumped into your phone from each source but also you being forced to choose for all of your contacts as a whole which source to use for contact pictures (facebook or twitter, you can't default back to google).  This further introduces bugs in that the picture displayed isn't always the same one (the phone randomly switches them) and that with some contacts it will display the twitter user name instead of their actual name.Another example is the gallery, gone is the elegant display with Picasa account syncing, instead you're treated to a cover flow like representation of your images on the phone alone.  And another being the loss of the weather and news application/widget in favor of Motorola's very ugly weather widget and ugly rss reader.It's stuff that's just baffling.  Kudos to Motorola for improving this version of their custom UI over motoblur, but it's still bad/buggy and with the exceptions of the multi-touch keyboard, cursor dot/magnifier (like on an iPhone), and options to delay the security lock for the phone (which are all very nice additions) the changes seem to be for the worse, to replace the Android improvements post 2.0 with their own implementations.Pros:+ Amazing screen+ Fast, just bloody fast+ Feels very solid in construction, not cheap+ Great cameraCons:- Little buggy (Exchange support, notifications not going)- Tons of bloatware (MyVerizon, Kindle, NFS, 3G Hotspots, My Accounts, etc)-- Motorola's customizations (contacts, account sync, gallery, weather and news widget replacement)UPDATE:I have returned the phone (and gone back to the original Droid).  I spent 2 weeks with this phone but the bugs and the annoyance of the customizations made by Motorola just ruined the advantages of this phone over the Droid (original).  The bugs in particular for me were: the battery life doesn't indicate the proper levels - it shows 30% battery life, you reboot and it shows 60%, then an hour later I get low battery (15% warning), just made it unreliable.  Secondly I had issues with the sound not working consistently for notifications and ringtones - they seemed to become randomly silent leading me to miss texts and such.In short, while the hardware is nothing short of amazing, it's just a mess software wise thanks to Motorola's meddling.  Had they focused on the device itself and not their new UI then perhaps it wouldn't be so buggy.  While the UI customizations are my preference (-1 star) the fact that this is clearly buggy isn't a good sign (-1 star).

After owning a Blackberry Storm 1 and then Storm 2, I find the Motorola Droid X the best of the bunch! Much larger screen, apps are MUCH cheaper (and definitely MORE selection of them), not to mention easier to download and install! The touchscreen is a lot more responsive and easier to use (once you get used to it) than on a Blackberry, and the integrated Gmail seems to be more reliable than the POP email I've used on Blackberry. I do not have to perform regular battery pulls as I have had to with the BB either. I just love everything about this phone and would not trade it for the world!

I've had this phone since late July and I couldn't be more pleased. If you're looking for a phone that does a lot of things, this is the one to get. I understand that there are a lot of new, "dual-core", 4g phones coming out but if you want a solid phone right now I would definitely recommend the Droid X.It's extremely customizable (as are all Android phones) and it's very fast. The processor speed on the phone is very fast so you can run all of your apps and programs with no problem. The touchscreen is beautiful and very responsive. The large screen is great for everything from web browsing, watching movies, typing emails/texts and whatever else you'd like to do. Even though it's a larger phone it never feels too big. It easily fits into your pocket and when you hold it up to your face to talk it feels like the perfect size. Battery life is pretty good (I've since upgraded to an 1800 mah battery that doesn't require a differet cover) but with all smartphones it depends on how much and what you use it for. The camera is decent but you have to remember that it's not meant to be used as your main camera, it's main purpose is to be a smartphone. I like the fact that you can use a micro hdmi cable but in my use of it so far it's nothing to write home about. The user interface aka Motoblur is good but since it's an Android phone you can just go to the app store and download a custom interface (i.e. adw launcher, launcher pro) and set it up whatever way you like it.For those that like to mess around with your phone a little, the Droid X is extremely easy to Root. Once you do that, you can install custom ROMS and get rid of all the bloatware that Verizon puts on your phone that can bog it down. Rooting your X also allows you the best feature of all: free wifi tethering. Normally you have to pay Verizon $20 a month for 2gb of data of month for this feature but when you root the phone, you have access to it for free! The awesome thing about rooting your phone is that you can always go back and "unroot" your phone if you don't like it.I believe one of the main issues with any phone is the platform/operating system. I've used Apple/IOS devices in the past and while they're great devices I don't prefer the locked-down, overly controlled environment. I like having an open platform with lots of room for customization. That's what Android provides so that's a big reason I love this phone.Even with all the latest and greatest coming out in the smartphone world, I feel perfectly comfortable sticking with my Droid X for a good while longer.

Over a six month period, I had three of these phones - 2 Droid Xs and a Droid X2.  Each time, the phone would die.  The first time, I was on a call and the screen went black, would not come back on and would not end the call.  I had to pull the battery.  The replacement and the next two would freeze during video recording, the screen would pixelate, the picture would turn sideways and the phone would shut off.  Verizon was no help whatsoever.  It was so bad, I cancelled my contract, paid the $300 to get out and went to Sprint and an iPhone 4s, where I had no problems.

I love this phone. I have had it from the first day it came out. I havent found a thing i dont like about it. And now that its running android 2.2 its soooo much faster.. if you are looking for a, do everything phone, i would look into getting a DROID X.. :D

Got this phone last Friday and have been messing with it all weekend.  It's my first "smart phone" since the days of Windows Mobile 6 or so.  This thing is a mini laptop.  It's amazing all the things that it can do, and do them so well.  Almost anything you can think of (and some things you hadn't, but are just as cool anyway) is available to run on your phone.  The display is huge and amazing.  Battery life could be a bit better, but that comes with the huge processing power and screen.  I've read that this phone does better than most in its class in that regard too.  Really nothing bad about it at all.  If you're on Verizon and you've even considered this phone, get it as soon as possible because they're going fast and they're better than you can imagine.

My Droid X experience has been a nightmare. My phone worked fine for a week, and then it was all down hill from there. My phone constantly went in to airplane mode, and I couldn't turn off airplane mode because the phone said it wasn't in airplane mode. Then I couldn't call my contacts, the screen would go black and then go back to the home screen, I found out from messing with the phone that it had to do with contacts that were synced from Facebook, but when I contacted Verizon CS and Tech support they acted as if there was something wrong with me. Then the phone stopped charging...first from the outlet and then when connected to the computer with the USB. I took the phone to the store and they couldn't see anything wrong with the phone, they noted it wasn't dropped and didn't have water damage, but no explanation for what was wrong. The device was soft reset, and hard reset and the problems were not fixed. I returned the phone but have yet to receive my refund for the defective device. Although the phone was a lot bigger than I am used to, I got use to it and I loved the Swype feature. But everything else left a bad taste in my mouth and I will not do business with Verizon or buy a phone on launch day ever again.

My wife and I have had these phones for a little over a week now and we love them.  I like the bigger screen since I use the internet alot.  The sound is good and people say I sound clear when I talk.  If you like to get on the internet alot then you want as much screen as possible.  I love it.

It is a great phone,  iPhone4 apps are having a edge above the droid x apps. But for megood consistent signal strength is more important. Reception is cool.  Definitely morotolahas been in the Antenna business for over 50 years, simple proof is I can hold the phone the way I want it.Very fast browsing, and cool email checking.

This phone is ridiculous! No longer need to carry both Iphone and cell phone due to crappy ATT service.  Besides, although the Apple might be a bit more refined--this thing is packed to the gunnels with features.  Oh, and did I mention the storage on this thing? Love it! And the apps!

Pros:- Lightning Fast- Smooth Transitions between screens- Very Popular (never found an app that didn't work on it)- Camera works great, has a physical shutter button- Graphics are clear- Responsive touch screen- Fun!Cons:- Bloatware (Blockbuster, CityID, Amazon MP3, Kindle, VZ Navigator)- SD Card annoying to take out (must pull battery first)- Transferring files to computer without using the SD card is difficult.

I had the DROID before this phone and the DROID X is somehow even better.  Incredibly fast, absolutely zero hiccups even under the most strenuous multitasking situations.  Despite what you have heard, this phone is NOT big at all.  Putting my iTouch on top of it as well as my old droid there are only a few centimeters sticking out because the bezel on those phones are so large and this phone's bezel is very small.  The phone is twice as thin and light as the original droid and the 4.3" screen makes a physical keyboard completely unnecessary.  Anyone who has had a problem with touchscreen phones being too small to touch or hard to read this is your phone. A+

I bought a Droid X from AmazonWireless the day after Thanksgiving.  I have had lots of problems with the phone.  It freezes up at random intervals, sometimes during a call.  I have to take the battery out to get it working again. The SDcard does will not mount.  Different applications seem to crash and require me to reboot.  Today the phone went into bootloader mode.  The screen diTsplayed a droid figure with an exclamation mark in a triangle.  I could not get the phone to restart even after removing the battery twice.  When the phone is in this boot mode the phone is useless and can neither receive nor initiate calls. The camera Low light photos are very grainy and there is substantial shutter lag even in action mode.  Verizon says it is Amazon's responsibility to repair the droid X.  I'm not happy at all. My previous phone was an iPhone that worked consistently with intuitive applications that worked as described.

with so much going on inside it gets very hot and does tend to crash. Crashing seems to increase when I add apps so I have not added any lately and seems more stable. If you don't mind tinkering, rebooting it's OK. If not I'd try something else.

Already the owner of two HTC Incredible phones, I thought it would be nice to get this for my wife.  But within a few days the screen went bad (plenty of examples online) and Verizon's stance is basically...awww, so sad.  Now we will put you back in line for a replacement.  So even though I got mine on the first day, I must now wait at least 10 days before they will ship a replacement, rather than getting the RMA as a higher priority order.It is just unbelievable that Motorola and/or Verizon would not set aside some units for RMA replacements and ensure that customers who received a bad phone had a replacement the very -- next -- day.On the upside, they are crediting me with a 10% discount on my bill for the next 6 months and have agreed to ship FedEx P1 when it does become available.But the bottom line here is that Motorola and Verizon have both admitted that this phone has screen issues that may not pop up for several days or even weeks, so it just seems too early to believe that there are not many more phones out there just waiting to display the same display issues.  My recommendation, at least for the first few months, is to just get the HTC Incredible.

The Droid X is definitely deserving of a 5 out of 5. Personally I dislike the five star review system because I think a 10 star rating is easier to interpret and its rare products deserve 5 out of 5. for those of you who like the 10 stars,  I give the Droid X a 9 with point removed for the negatives below. This is my first Android phone purchase and Motorola and Google really hit it off. I will say that I have demoed a Droid Incredible for an entire day and the X wins hands down.As a small history, I have had the Blackberry Pearl, Curve, Tour and a lot of other non-smartphones. Blackberries are old, sluggish, buggy, and outdated. The only reason I loved my BB was for the BB messenger, however I can easily live without it thanks to the plethora of advantages of the Droid. The Droid X is by far the best phone I have ever purchased. everything from managing your calendar, to email, texting and calling is so simple and takes few taps. i use gmail, google calendar, voice, contacts, and maps religiously. Having a phone that integrates those services natively with the phone makes the Droid really worth it. also, APPS are on the android marketplace are way cheaper than on the BB. Plus, this phone is 10x faster and doesn't lag when running them. the droid x's browser is actually functional compared to the BB, and I haven't had any trouble viewing any websites. the browser is super fast as well. I also don't miss having a physical keyboard or the trackpad either because the Droid's touchscreen is pretty dead-on accurate. I frequently found myself typing the wrong letters with the BB's keyboard, however I dont have any trouble typing with the on screen physical keyboard and misstype much less often.I give the android operating system a 6 out of 5.+Positives+=screen is extremely bright and clear..."oooo's" everyone who sees it.=touch screen accuracy. outstanding. phone is simple to type on and tap.=call clarity - out of all of the phones I have had, especially the BB's; this phone has the best call quality and signal reception. Further, the speakerphone is outstanding.=internet speed is blazing fast compared to any BB on market.=SWYPe is a really cool feature for typing that while takes some getting used to, can be a lot easier to type once you get the hang of it. if you are not using swype, but the regular keyboard, suggestion show above the keyboard that are actually pretty helpful and more often than not, the word I was looking to type.= android OS. runs fast, isolates frozen programs without having to restart phone. easy and intuitive interface and simple to learn.= wifi works well but eats up battery= phone feels really sturdy and doesn't feel like it will break if dropped...i don't plan on testing this.= voice command recognition is outstanding and it rarely doesn't understand you. 1 try is usually enough. I wish my car had such good voice recognition.=++++ NO Pocket dialing!!! this phone doesn't pocket dial like every BB or other phone I have had so no more worrying about someone I haven't spoken to in three years hearing everything I say.. there are two sets of locks to prevent against this and they really work.= If you are a BB user like I was, this phone will do everything a BB could (except messenger) but better, faster and easier.-Negatives-=Battery life. The screen is so large it must eat up a lot of the battery. perhaps i've been using the phone more than usual in the first few days, but I have to charge it within 4 hours of using. considering the heavy use, the battery is doing well, however it leaves a lot to be desired if you are on the internet or making phone calls. i think a phone should be expected to last at least 6 hours with moderate use throughout the day. there are apps available that let you terminate background tasks that helps conserve battery. this does seem to help.=size is a bit large, however it isn't wide and doesn't feel heavy. can feel a bit bulky in your pocket though.=while this doesn't affect my rating for the phone, the marketplace frequently has a lot of spam applications but they usually get brushed to the bottom. also, some big companies still have yet=fingerprints and other oils are common on the screen which can get a bit annoying=phone gets a bit hot after some use.=the wall charger included with this phone is ridiculous. at three feet short, your phone pretty much has to be attached to the wall. plus it is a standalone wall plug that plugs into a usb cord. makes for carrying the charger around with you a pain.=apps that come preinstalled like blockbuster cannot be removed. I have tried reinstalling and updating, but they will not be deleted.Overall, if you use google's services, then you absolutely want an android phone. If you have Verizon and want the best smartphone they offer, Get an Android phone. Having used the Incredible for a day, I would absolutely not recommend that phone over the X. I find the the larger screen on the X, the call quality and touch screen are better. it is worth it hands down. Easily, Verizon's best offering at the moment. While another reviewer on here recommended waiting a few months because VZW is rolling out LTE/4g, I have to say, I am glad I didn't wait and purchased now. This is the best phone I have used and I can't live without it now having experienced it.

First the cons:Its slim, but 2.5" wide and 5" tall. People with small hands and pockets may want to consider this strongly.Its weight and hard rubberized exterior without a lot of flash can be considered can be considered a negative or well appreciated depending on how you look at it.It has a thicker section to house the camera module and power button dead center on top. I find that it doesn't detract much with gripping the phone in calls and provides a tool to grip it while pulling it out of the pocket or pushing the power button as you place it back in your pocket, which is actually quite different then I first expected. Its main negative at this point has to do with its lack of symmetry top to bottom detracting from style.The 8MP camera does not do well in low light and has a lot of digital noise typically. Its OK for on-the-go everyday stuff and app functions, but I don't see it taking the place of a standalone camera for showing off your photography.With an extended battery, power users will still have to charge your battery every night, so its average and 'good enough' I suppose. Compared to other android phones, this might be considered great, but compared to something like the iPhone 4, its a definite negative. At least its user replaceable...Your going to have to deal with blur, but you can skin it with launcher pro.Bloatware is standard and cannot be removed without voiding warranty and some tech skill, but the only really pervasive bit of that other then icons taking up space is Skype mobile (doesn't do video chat either) constantly running as a service. I personally prefer Google talk and voice for those functions, very highly recommended.No front facing camera means you need a mirror for video chatting.HDMI only works with Gallery app so far, and even then... glitchy. Aftermarket apps have to come to the rescue and, for that matter, Droid X has one of the best. :)A lot of settings that can get confusing for the average user and its taking Motorola a while to get rid of the fairly serious glitches that have occurred thus far with this phone. Currently among the big issues, you will still have a time stamp problem with text messages without an aftermarket fix (recommended anyway).Now for the pros:Beautiful large screen with a fast accurate touch sensor.Speech to text and swype make for a very friendly experience entering text.Voice recognition commands accurate and fast.Calls are clear and reception has been very good, better then expected in the worst of places.The apps all seem to run beautifully for the most part on this still young handset. I can place VOIP calls, outgoing texts using data, edit and create word documents and powerpoints, integrate all my social networking, watch a flash video or play a game, connect display to a TV, and do so much more. The apps available so far have given a lot to brag about to Android smartphones IMO.It has Bluetooth support for keyboards, mouses, hands free devices mono and stereo, and more.With HDMI out and aftermarket apps, you can treat it like a very small netbook. Just amazing for net and entertainment, almost to a fault.In conclusion, I really like this phone. It was hard choosing between this and the Evo 4G which still has its winning points being front facing camera and data not interrupted by CDMA, but the Droid X has proven more then satisfying.I would have rated it higher if Verizon had not crippled the HDMI, added bloatware, and Motorola communicated better with consumers about progress on fixing major problems. Worth the price I paid with renewing my contract easily. So glad tiered data plans being put into place by Verizon has not killed off the unlimited data plans (yet).

I started using this phone since beginning of this year. So it's two months worth of reviewPros:PRICE.* Big screen.. it's so easy to read.* Sleek and relatively thin* Swype feature.. it makes typing on a phone so much faster* FM Radio.. even though you need to use a headset for the FM to work.. it is a great feature.* Camera is great.. there are lots of feature (taking 360 view, multiple snaps with one click, sepia, B/W photos, etc) and the camera itself is 8MP.Cons:* doesn't allow to surf the net when you are on the phone. (do not know if it is a Verizon's limitation)* microphone strength is too low. you either have to use a headset or your mouth should be directly in front of the microphone.* Android OS keeps hanging from time to time (ends up in auto restart).* You also need to shut down your phone from time to time.. if you do not do it then it ends up in not receiving any calls (your phone will not ring), not getting updates (weather updates, FB updates, etc).. basically you will not see any activity in your account.* One time I got a voicemail without my phone ringing, there were no missed calls logged. I tried calling using another phone but the phone will not ring. I have to restart the phone for it work work.* location of the speaker (it's at the back). When you keep your phone face up then you are basically muffling the speakers.* ringer volume is a little to low.I have access to two Droid Xs. So I have tried customizing in both. Even with the same customization, you encounter different errors in the two phones.for example:- You can display personalized information on the locked screen using AVG Antivirus. I tried same customization in the two phones but I can only see the message in one phone and not the other (no matter what I do).- There are multiple facebook widgets. One widget gets updates in phone phone but it doesn't work in another and vis-versa. Same goes with news widgets as well.There are other glitches as well..Hopefully the new version of Android OS will have fixed a lot of these issues. and hopefully the OS will get updated in my current Droid X.

I love the potential of the droid x and I hate the way both Motorola and Verizon have handicapped the device for their own nefarious purposes. Be warned that this phone comes equipped with embedded crap-ware and crap-apps that most people will have no interest in, and no need for. Due to various partnerships and backroom deals made both by Verizon and Motorola, this phone is loaded down like a 2 ton brick by useless garbage all in the name of marketing and more profits.Let me be very clear about this; these are apps that if you don't want them, you CANNOT uninstall them from the phone because they are hard installed into the software package that comes with the phone! I have a major issue with this. It is MY phone and I pay a fortune to use it, yet I am stuck with useless apps that are a constant annoyance. Some, like City Data, pop up like ads begging me to order and pay for them and end up interfering with my calls, often freezing and sometimes even crashing my phone. Other cr-apps, like Skype and News, want to run constantly, take up precious memory, and clutter up the screen, yet I CANNOT remove them. I wonder that that droid x owners don't start a class action suit against Motorola and Verizon for this insidious use of marketing in a way that holds purchasers' hostage.Other problems: The 3G network is not always very reliable and often is either not strong enough, or not consistent enough, to stream things like NPR radio or movies so there is often a constant cutting out. The phone seems very prone to freezing, crashing and seems to have a lot of need for soft and hard starting, over and over again. I blame this on their lousy, top-heavy software garbage. Also, Motorola has a bad habit of updating software automatically, which the consumer has no choice but to accept, which then causes further crashes and has even bricked some phones. On Christmas eve they sent out an "update" that forced yet MORE cr-apps on my phone (including some stupid Madden football app) that totally crashed and then "bricked" my phone! Verizon is sending me a replacement, but it was lousy timing since I was left with an unworking phone over the holidays. If you call Motorola for help, or to complain about this, you are sent to a call center somewhere that's obviously not in the US and where they do very little to help the situation.All of those problems having been iterated, I do absolutely love so much about this phone! I like that the size is a little larger so all of the typeface on the screen is larger, as well, and easier to use. I don't find the size bulky, I actually find it very helpful. It works beautifully with google so that the maps, the calendar, my gmail, tasks and everything is right there and works seamlessly -- and I say this as a mac computer owner! One of my favorite features is the voice activation feature. I can call phone numbers or search the internet or access the maps and get directions, all by simply using my voice. I can also write emails, text messages and, yes even amazon reviews, all by simply talking...BUT the voice feature is not perfect -- it has its own very creative way of spelling things and so does require a significant editing. Still, the voice is one of the better and more useful features for me. The google maps app is free and it works as beautifully as any GPS I have ever used. I have come to depend on it and it makes my life so much easier. The camera is quite good and has plenty of editing features that I use frequently and I really like the ability to write, open and store docs and PDFs on the phone. Overall, the x provides a great internet experience with excellent visuals, ease of use and great searching tools, as well as including buttons for bookmarks, past history, open more windows, et cetera.While I am not impressed with Motorola customer service, I have to say Verizon customer service is always A plus -- once you find your way through the computerized voice system and get to an actual human being. Other than deleting all that enforced crap ware, the only thing I would wish for this phone is that (as a mac user), it would sync with the mac and with my itunes. So, despite my disgust with the lousy software and overly controlling nature of Motorola's new cr-apps, I decided to keep the phone due to the fact that there are a number of software programs and apps that are truly useful and due to real ease of use of the phone. This is the most complex and powerful, yet easiest to use, cellphone I have ever owned.

This is the best phone i've ever owned.  Better than my old iPhone & EVO.*Its a nice size device, comfy to hold, slender, not too bulky.*Screen is a good size, clear and crisp picture.*8MP camera and 720 video is bad a$s.  No need for a Flip.*OS works smoothly and is easy to learn.*Android Market has lots of APPS, more than i need.*3G Internet is speedy and i can browse flawlessly.*Swype is heaven!  [nuf said]*Tons of built in memory (comes standard with more than EVO, which saved me $$$) and its expandable!--> Best of all, it works as a PHONE!Verizon has fantastic coverage everywhere i go, where my AT&T; iPhone and Sprint EVO (30 day free trial, thanks but no thanks Sprint!) both had the worst service and dropped every other call.  Don't get me wrong, they are cool devices but worked poorly as a phone.This does what all others can PLUS it makes reliable calls.  A phone that works as a phone, wow!The only thing this doesn't have is a front facing camera, which is not necessary IMO.I love this phone & carrier!  It's fast, reliable and it works.  Get one!

My husband bought this phone in Dec 2010 and he just loves it.  I like playing with it too.  Great free aps to dowload into the phone.  If you pay for unlimited internet and emails, then you can go to town with this.  Takes decent photos.  Battery is ok.  This phones is powered with tons of things so it needs charging every day. Great for small business owners!  Has appointments, calendar that's great.  Just great!And if you like large screens, this is the one for you!

I was waiting to upgrade from my Palm Treo 650 (with clear, loud sound on voice) to a Droid with a big, high resolution screen. I just brought the Droid X for me and the Droid Pro for my wife. Both have all kinds of great features, except the phone, which you might think would be a centerpiece of a smartPHONE. On both phones we could not believe how bad the sound is: low level of sound, tinny, shrill, like a child's toy walkie talkie. It was so bad I took them both back. I will wait for the Iphone to come to Verizon. The Iphone has a better rating by Consumer Reports on voice quality and battery life than the all of the current Verizon phones. I had read the bad ratings for voice, but assumed that Consumer Reports was just setting the bar too high. After all, I once had a Motorola phone and it was great in every way. How a company can produce a lousy phone and put its name on it I cannot figure out. I also cannot figure out why the other reviews here do not mention the very crummy call quality. Is everybody only texting? I know people still talk...

Great phone, beats iphone, fast and great graphics. I would give it 5 stars; however, it has locked up a couple of times. Android has a lot of free apps. Verizon is the best in the USA. US Cellular is the best in the south for service and has the best signal; however, they don't have the latest or best smartphones.

I don't remember when I got this phone, but it worked well for a while. I was impressed with the size of the screen and that it has a high MP camera.However, even when I first got it, there were some issues, but I was willing to overlook them. Assigning ringtones to specific contacts was worthless, because it would play whatever ringtone it felt like, regardless of who was calling. The camera was super grainy except for in bright light situations, and half the time no matter what I did, wouldn't focus on a subject, no matter how close/far away they were.Then in October, the battery started getting wonky. It wouldn't respond to my charger, but would to my friend's. I thought it was just the charger, so I bought a new one. Wouldn't respond. So, I plugged it into my computer to charge, and that worked for a while. Then it stopped responding to the computer, so I bought another new charger, and that one worked for a while, but then stopped. UGH!At this point, whenever it would respond to the charger, it would say it was fully charged, and then four hours later, I'm charging it up at work (where it will only charge when put into the docking station, rather than just putting the charger into the phone directly). And this is with barely touching the phone- checking the time a couple times, maybe a handful of texts or so, jumping online to check email real quick, and that's all.This morning, for example, I took it off the charger at 7:30 am, and by 9 am, when all I had done with it was get online to send a work email, it was down to 70%!Whenever I take it off the charger, the screen is lit up but is completely black, and half the time hitting the physical buttons does nothing, so I have to pop the battery out and restart the phone.I also have to do that half the time I want to use my data connection- I'll get messages saying there was an error signing into Facebook or Twitter, or I'll try to pull up the internet and it won't work. If I restart the phone, it starts to work.It's been horrible about freezing up or lagging- using Swype is a joke because it will freeze up mid-sentence, and even texting the old fashioned way I'm usually three to four words ahead of the phone, which then means it screws up and I have to delete half the sentence and start over again.My favorite part is that a good half of the time now, it doesn't even function as a basic phone. I will get a call or try calling someone, and they can't hear me and/or I can't hear them. When this problem starts up, I tend to have to reboot the phone a number of times before it works, which usually means calling the person again/calling them back and having it happen two or three more times before we can actually hear each other.Basically, this phone is awful, and it will be just another frustration in life if you get it. I've heard great things about the Droid 2, so go get that instead.

Best tech device I've ever owned. It combined my phone, gps, Ipod Touch and gave me a camcorder and portable media player (hd out). Everything except the camera worked without issue for me. The camera works well now that I've learned how to use the settings (exposure is important).I pay for the 450 minutes and the data plan for a total of $70 ($75 with tax, where I am). I use Google Voice to provide my free text messaging and transcribed visual voice mail to save even more minutes. This is cheaper than any other carrier for a subsidized phone and unlimited data.Update: Even cheaper now! I now have the $15 data plan ($55, $61 after tax), which really only means I can't use pandora on 3g. I disabled all wigits and got a 3g blocker app (DCswitch, which works well, though sometimes the network comes back on, I think after a wifi network is lost). My extreme measures may be unnecessary, as I am coming in under 50mb for the month, even using GPS and frequently checking email and stocks with the google apps.The bluetooth antenna is amazing. I pair it with motorola s-10 headphones and get a clear reception all around the office and in clear line of sight of at least 100 feet! I tested this while exercising and actually never left range. My old D-Link notebook adapter, by comparison looses connection quite often in my office.On the other hand, the wifi antenna could be better(works best when in my hand?), though generally works well, especially now that I don't have to carry it in my pocket to get music.The battery is fantastic and even better with the extended battery, which makes the ORIGINAL BATTERY COVER fit tighter and better. I easily get three days of life to one charge, though I sometimes use airplane mode(especially while sleeping), but am heavy with music.Camera works flawlessly for me now! Pictures are amazing, some sort of software update I think.Best phone ever!

There appears to be a lot of misinformation on both here and on the web about chargers that will work with the droid x. I hope my experience will clear up this confusion. By the way the droid x needs micro-USB for data and charging. It comes with a 100-240V AC adapter 5V 850mA with 1 usb port and a USB-to-micro USB data cable. You can charge with the AC adapter or with just the data cable in any computer USB port.1) The mini-to-micro USB adapter works fine, both for charging and data transfer. I've confirmed this on 2 old motorola mini-USB chargers, and a spare USB to mini-USB data cable I had lying around. This is the one I got (Motorola SKN6252 MicroUSB Adapter Cable for Motorola Droid A855).2) iGo works fine. I've converted both an old A32 (mini-USB) using the adapter above, and also own the A97 (bought it here). Both charge. I love the igo system mainly because I can take it on the road and charge everything I own pretty much (except my camera), and it has surge protection built in and ranges from 100-240V.3) Plantronics explorer 245 charger don't work. Comes with micro-USB charger, but 5.0V 180mA only. I suspect it is too underpowered to charge the droid x. Most forums note that the charger is 850mA and USB ports max at 500mA per port (USB 3.0 maxes at 900mA per port). Thus I suspect at least 500mA is necessary to charge the droid x and the higher mA will result in faster charging times (haven't tested this myself).4) freaking out the phone screen. Some reports on the web note that certain non-motorola chargers have been known to mess with the screen, causing random selecting, dialing, etc or just making it unable to use during charging. I think most reports finger the old Droid. I have not had any trouble with using my droid x while charging yet, but will update if this happens.5) ID chip put into motorola chargers so you can't use non-motorola chargers. I have not encountered this yet, but haven't tested extensively. I tried my friend's blackberry micro-USB charger and it worked fine.6) Data cable. As above the USB to mini-USB with the mini-to-micro adapter works fine for data transfer and charging. I also purchased some USB to micro-USB cables here (Motorola Droid / Droid X Micro USB Sync and Charging Cable from SF Planet). They work perfectly for data and charging and have a thick cord that will likely resist breaking. They are however rather short. I would have to say the data cable is the cheapest way to get additional reliable chargers, assuming you have USB ports everywhere. I put one in my work bag just in case i need a quick charge at work. Could be carried in the pocket easily as well.7) charger from motorola H17 bluetooth headset. This also charges the phone and comes with a micro-USB 5V 550mA 100-240V charger. This is very economic headset right now on [...] (35$, if you get bulk and don't care about variety of earpieces) and works pretty good (pairs with 2 phones, flip switch on/off, 2 mic noise cancellation). If you assume the charger is 15$ separately, you're getting a solid bluetooth headset for 20$. I haven't trusted yet the dirt cheap chargers here on amazon, partly because of the bad associated reviews.Please make comments if you have anything to add to this.

Ok, they did a fantastic job on this phone. I havent put it down except for when I sleep. It just does everything guys. Battery life is wonderful and features surpass every other phone I have had in the past. I use to be so into waiting for the iphone to get to VZW but I have been won over by android. Motorola ... I left you guys for awhile but you have won me back. THUMBS UP!!!

I love this phone, I think its a viable option to the iphone. Most of the apps you can get on the iphone are avaiable on the droidx. My only complaint is that you cant cut and paste when browsing a web page or reading e-mail.

The  Android platform is a fantastic alternative to the iPhone.  Especially when loaded on a device with this screen size and hardware specs.  The Droid X is a pleasure to use.  The screen is large enough that typing on the touch screen is not a problem, you also do not have to scroll as much when reading emails.  The Gmail client is fantastic as you can go back as far as you want in your labels so you can search your entire mailbox.  There is the Android Marketplace for apps and Amazon MP3 is preloaded so you can purchase music directly from the phone.  It has a full web browser with Flash support, it of course runs on the Verizon network so if you know it is good where you live then it will be good on this phone.  Really I would say this phone has one huge weakness and that is battery life.  At best I can get 1 day out of the phone and it is back on charge at night.  Most days I usually charge it in the afternoon to give it a boost to make it the rest of the evening.  But given the fact that you are pretty much running a computer in your hand that is a small price to pay.  If you are in the market for a smart phone I would high suggest the Droid X or the HTC EVO.

Upgrades for subscribers on the governments lifeline program should be entitled to upgrades as well just cause you are low income don't me services provided by popular carriers should be lesser then the quality of a high paying customer and this should include annual upgrades to better performing phones.[...]Especialy when its our vetrans utilizing these low cost services.  What is it  your worth to you?Its worth the world as the world was WHAT THEY WERE DEFFENDING.

I think this phone is great. its perfect. i love it. the most common complaint ive seen is battery life. i would disagree. i think the battery life is great! (coming from the palm pre plus). I think its perfect size, i wanted a big screen and thats what i got! i think it fits in my pocket perfect. not to big at all. screen is very very scratch resistant! Recommended!!

I have had my Droid X for a while now. I received mine shortly after it was released. My experience with this phone has been horrible. I can't put into words the frustrations that this phone has put me through. I won't bother with a long explanation of it's short comings. Here is a short summary.Summary:Slow, Unresponsive, Inconsistent, Terrible.If you ever have the misfortune of using one of the devices for more than a month. You will know exactly what I mean.

This is a great phone and I have no complaints except for potentially low battery life. I use the phone constantly however, so I can't fault the phone for needing to be recharged occassionaly. My last smart phone was always locking up on me and freezing, especially when I opened multiple browswer windows. The Droid doesn't freeze and is very fast.

I was debating on whether to get the Iphone4 or Droid X. After talking to friends, reading reviews...I decided on Droid X. I'm surprised how many negative reviews there are on amazon about this phone. All of my friends and coworkers who have a Droid X love em! I've only heard one complaint from someone who said her phone would freeze often so she had to take it to Verizon store and uninstall her task killer...which eventually fixed it. There are pros and cons to every device. Along with calling and texting alot (mostly texting), I use it for email, facebooking, internet browsing, Angry Birds game (which i'm addicted to) and at the end of day I still have battery life. The only minuses I have found so far is the ear volume could be higher and some unnecessary apps pre-installed on phone that you can not get rid of. I have the volume all the way up and its not nearly as loud as the LG phone I had. Sometimes in a loud area I can barely hear what the caller on other end is saying. Still getting used to texting on touch screen only since my last phone had a physical keypboard. Didn't use to take alot of pictures or videos with cell phones but with the Droid X call me camera happy. Its a pretty decent camera phone and the large screen to view it on even better, while I do admit i prefer the Iphone4 and Samsung Continuum resolution and screen. I haven't installed any anti virus or task killers because the guy at Verizon store says it seems to cause more harm than good. I don't download anything off the internet unless its from the app market. There is still alot I have to learn about this phone but so far so good. Will update later.

9/22/10 EDIT:  I just installed Android OS 2.2 yesterday onto my Droid X, and holy freaking crap, the phone just got a whole lot better!!  The web browsing speed is MUCH faster, Adobe Flash Player 10.1 is now available for the Droid X, download speeds are much faster, and now a new application called QuickOffice is installed along with the OS 2.2.  With QuickOffice, I can write Word documents, create slide show presentations and number graphs, all from my phone!!The Droid X is now even better with Android 2.2 OS!  I LOVE IT EVEN MORE NOW!!!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I got my Motorola Droid X in the mail today, and I absolutely fell in love with it the moment I turned it on!The screen is a GIGANTIC 4.3" touchscreen, running at a 480x854 high-resolution, yet it's also just the right size to fit in the palm of your hand!The user interface is very cool and easy to use.  I actually found it to be easier to use than the iPhone 4!And the network does NOT drop when you hold it!  You can hold it in just about any way, and the coverage bars will not drop--EVER!The HD video camera is amazing!  And so is the still camera!  The picture and video detail is truly amazing!Browsing the internet is smooth, fast, and I can connect my Wii and PS3 to the internet through it too!  (Although it's an extra $20/month for the 3G Mobile Hotspot feature)The Motorola Droid X is truly a masterpiece smartphone.  And it runs on the greatest network; Verizon Wireless!!To tell you the truth; I WAS going to buy an iPhone 4, but after hearing about AT&T; killing unlimited data and the "death grip" issues with the iPhone 4, I immediately lost interest in it.But when I heard about the Droid X, and that it ran ONLY on Verizon, I fell in love with it.  I will never get another phone unless its better than the Droid X.Sure, the iPhone 4 is pretty, has a sweet design, higher resolution screen, etc..  But remember: it only runs on AT&T; the world's most unreliable network.The Droid X is a quality smartphone that really does live up to its name and expectations.  And it really is worth the money.  It is a must-buy.But like any smartphone, it has its weaknesses.  The only three cons that I have noticed so far are the battery life, the location of the included microSD card, and the start up time.The battery tends to drain a bit fast, especially when the screen's brightness is at its highest setting and when you browse the web and stream high resolution videos.  But it drains VERY fast when you are using its Mobile Hotspot feature.  Wifi devices that are connected to the internet through the Droid X eat up the battery life very quickly.  But it drains even faster when a max of 5 devices are connected to it, and use the internet through the smartphone for a long time.  I hope a better and improved battery is made for the phone.The second con of the Droid X the location of the included microSD card.  It is located directly next to the battery.  The reason I find this to be a 'con' is because each time you need to remove the microSD card, you HAVE to turn off the phone, open the battery cover, and remove the battery in order to get it out.  I record and upload a lot of videos with the Droid X, but it is a big pain to have to take out the battery each time you take it out and put it back in.And lastly, the third con is the start up time for the Droid X.  It takes longer than 30 seconds for it to start up.  That's a long time.  Almost too long, if you ask me.But all in all, the Motorola Droid X is still an incredible smartphone, and I'd give it a 10-star rating if I could!

If Apple can be faulted for valuing style over function, Motorola can be faulted for the exact opposite.  Nearly everything about this phone has been put together with function in mind- from the awkward bulge in the back housing the camera and antenna, to the awkward locations of the buttons on the sides of the phone, to the rubber bumpers on the front of the phone above and below the screen, and even the relatively bloat-free Motoblur interface.One notable exception is something you don't even notice until you pick up the phone.  The back of the phone is actually made with anodized aluminum, coated with a silicon-like substance for better grip.  The aluminum offers better stiffness and rigidity in a smaller, lightweight package.  It also isn't very good for reception, although I haven't had any reception issues yet.  It is fairly expensive to fabricate cases about of anodized aluminum too.  Aluminum is more expensive than steel for example.  It conducts heat very well, so the back does heat up at times but it cools down quickly too.While the screen is large, the overall size of the phone is not.  Compared to the dimensions of the Iphone 3G or Iphone 3GS, it has the same width and is only a half inch longer (10% longer.)  The thickness is the same too, except for the area of the bulge.  See the photo I uploaded above for a visual comparison.Surprisingly, the bulge in the back actually helps you hold the phone to your ear. When you put your index finger under the bulge it rests on your finger.  But it isn't very aesthetic, and even worse it exposes the camera to scratches since the bulge is what lays on the table.  Laying the phone down with the screen up leaves it more vulnerable to breakage than if it was screen down too.  But the way this phone was designed, laying it screen down will scratch the screen.In case you haven't seen videos of it taken apart yet, you should know it is very well engineered.  You can tell by the way it's put together that they weren't designing 10 other phones at the same time.  The Droid X doesn't need a bumper case to get good reception either.  Motorola has been making high quality phones ever since the RAZR in 2004.  The 1st Motorola Droid was the best selling Android-based phone for most of the last year, though marketing had a lot it do with it.  The processor the Droid X uses is a 45nm processor with an ARM Cortex A8 core, while current phones with Snapdragon processors (such as the Evo and Droid Incredible) are 65nm with ARM v7 type cores.  So the Droid X processor should be faster and more efficient than most other phones out there, except for the Iphone 4 processor which is similar in every way except for faster graphics (PowerVR 530 vs PowerVR 535.)However, the battery savings of the efficient 45nm processor are offset by the large screen.  The screen is a major source of battery drain for smart phones, but you should know Motorola's estimated 8 hours of talk time and up to 220 hours (9+ days) of standby time is plenty.  It does take a couple of hours to fully charge the Droid X though, which is longer than I thought it would.  Although the screen doesn't have as many pixels as the Iphone 4's screen, there are a couple of prime benefits to having a larger screen.  Because of it's large size I find myself not putting the phone so close up to my face anymore.  This is easier on the eyes, and doesn't trick my mind as much into thinking it is earlier in the day than it really is.  Anybody who has been up really late after being in front of a bright screen knows what I'm talking about.  Also, the larger screen space would help with playing games on the Droid X too, if Android developers would come up with any good games to play on it.  The screen is crisp enough to view 720p high definition videos on it.  And there is a noticeable difference in web page rendering speed with this 1 Ghz processor over my old phone with a 600 mhz processor, and same 3G type connection.You would think the larger screen would help with typing text, but I find I have to move my fingers further distances between keys which makes things slower.  This is alleviated with Motorola's Swipe feature though.  Swipe allows you to not need to ever lift your finger off the screen.  It is off by default, but should be on by default. Some people say Swipe is the Droid X's best feature.  Personally, I find the voice recognition software to be even more innovative and useful. Voice to text has worked flawlessly for me. The only trouble with Swipe is you have to go back into settings to turn it off again if you want it off for user names and passwords and other stuff keyboard typing is better for.  It should be more seamless.High definition Youtube is another great feature that isn't available on other phones, such as the Iphone.  Now, if we could only watch Hulu and/or Netflix on the Droid X that would be really great.  The Android operating system is definately more capable than the Iphone OS- from the widgets, to the included navigation software, the voice recognition, faster browser, and so on...  But it is also less simple and less intuitive to navigate, especially when using the web browser, accessing stored files, using the Google Maps, etc.Would I recommend the Droid X?  Only if you absolutely needed a phone right now, which I did.  Verizon says their 4G LTE network will be launched in up to 30 markets by the end of the year, covering 100 million people.  It will be faster than the Wimax 4G networks AT&T; and Sprint have rolled out, which are technically just really fast 3G networks.  Around the time 4G is launched, HTC will have 4G phones out with dual core 1.5 Ghz processors on it.  Motorola is planning a 2Ghz phone by the end of the year.  We're talking 2 times the processing power and at least 2-4 times the internet connection speed.  This will allow things that would previously have been unimaginable, such as streaming 1080p high definition movies to your phone and sending it to your big screen TV via HDMI.  4G will also bring about the end of unlimited data plans though, so you will pay more if you capitalize on that speed advantage.  And if you live in an area where 4G won't be rolled out for awhile, this may not be as important to you.I'm giving this phone 4 stars because I think the case could have been styled a little better, and in a few months it will be obsolete.  If you get a new phone around the Christmas season it shouldn't be obsolete for a couple of years.----------------------------------------------Update: Since writing this I have noticed the phone will drop it's connection and reconnect about a half dozen times a day, even within a pretty stationary location at my house.  Other phones have not done that.  I'm not sure if it is a software issue or connection issue.Update: Text to voice is a really nice feature.  The phone will actually tell me verbally who is calling just before playing the ring tone.  It will say their name if they are in my contact book, or it will say their number if not.  It also verbally tells me when the connection is dropped.  Pronunciation is about the same as a Tomtom or Garmin navigator unit.Update: The battery life is real good when talking on the phone and when on standby, because the screen is not on.  This is why Motorola lists those specs only.  When the screen is on I'd estimate battery life to be about 4-6 hours depending on how many apps you have running in the background and how bright the screen is.  For most people this will probably be all day battery life, unless you play games or surf the internet for more than 4 hours in a given day or spend a lot of time outdoors where the screen brightness is turned up.Update: The software is not completely bug free.  In the last 5 days I've had the video player freeze up twice (had to reboot the phone to get it working again) and the browser freeze up a few more times.  I'm hoping it will be more stable once the Android 2.2 update comes in a month or two.  I will update then.Update: I commented before about the lack of Hulu or Netflix.  At the time I hadn't checked out the Blockbuster app.  You can indeed rent movies from Blockbuster over your phone.  However, movies cost 4 times more than Redbox to rent.  The movies don't stream, so you have to download the whole movie file first before it plays.  And you have to download with a WiFi connection, you can't download with your Verizon connection.  I am hoping for more capabilities when Flash arrives with Android 2.2.Update: Motorola has limited HDMI output to user generated pictures and videos (the pictures and videos you made yourself on your phone.)  You can not stream the Blockbuster movie to your TV via HDMI.  Why did Motorola even include HDMI then?  My HP laptop does it just fine, but Motorola is worried about copyright issues.  Ironically, an illegally downloaded TV show or movie without a copyright stamp on the file will play just fine from what I've read.

I don't know if I am a typical buyer, but I think of smartphone like this as an all-around gadget that just happens to also be a phone. To me, the quality of the camera and assorted media capabilities are even more important than the phone. I was avoiding the iphone 4 because it's too small and has limited storage space, and this seemed like the best contender.Unfortunately, the droid x just doesn't cut it as a camera, so I'm going to have to return it. I had seen tests of varying quality on the internet and was hoping some of the poor results were due to user error. I am here to testify that it does indeed have a difficult time focusing. When it nails the picture, the image is very good, although somewhat over-processed; but half the time it is out of focus. I used the 8mp setting, played around with different ASA's, tried the macro mode at varying distances, but the results were unpredictable even in broad daylight.Additionally, the sd card is buried under the battery, which is extremely difficult to pry out--so if you're thinking of being able to switch cards around for different activities, forget it.It would definitely be better than the iphone 4 as a reading and movie watching device though--the screen is huge and the difference in resolution is almost imperceptible.

As far as hardware goes this phone rocks. The build is sturdy and looks very nice. The camera is pretty good, but pictures become grainy in low light. And the flash is mediocre. The HDMI port is a bit disappointing because it only shows pictures and videos you took on the TV. A third party app can make your phones screen appear on the TV but the image is not mirrored so your phone screen is just frozen.Bootloader:If you never want to customize this phone then you won't mind this. However, if you want to install custom ROMs (custom versions of Android) that use custom kernels then don't by this phone. Motorola has locked and encrypted the bootloader making custom kernels impossible. There are some ROMs that don't use custom kernels, but there are far fewer options for this phone than for others such as the Incredible.

Motorola broke the mold and definitely outdid themselves with their newest smart phone addition, the Droid X.  With the large touch screen, vast selection of apps, long battery life, 8MP camera, and HDMI port this phone can not only keeps you connected to the office, but allows for hours of play time as well.  The Droid X has a robust 4.3 inch LCD display, which is one of the largest on the market.  Having a screen this large makes web browsing and reading emails less tedious, and displays the dial pad large enough for even a person with horrible eyesight.  Amongst the large sea of applications, I also found a few for my daughter.  These are kids numbers, which works on addition and subtraction, and five pumpkins sight words, which utilizes the Dolch sight words lists.  These apps make a long car ride even fun for her.  She gets to practice reading and math, without realizing she is learning.  To her she is just playing a game on mommy's phone.  When I first purchased my Droid X, I almost cried when I drained my battery twice in one day.  After the initial new toy have to play with it mentality, I am glad to say I get about two days use out of each charge.  I have a really nice digital camera, but I do not carry it everywhere with me.  My phone is always with me.  Not only does it take great pictures, but it also records video in HD (high definition).  The pictures and videos that are taken from the phone can be instantly shared via social networking sites like Facebook or uploaded to YouTube.  The possibilities are endless with this phone and I look forward to learning how far endless can be.

I had this for a couple of days now and It does all that I wanted and it is so awesome. If I were you check it out at your nearest version store and see if you like it.

My first smart phone (although I am not unfamiliar with them, I just never owned one myself), and its been nothing but problems after just 2 months!Maybe I just got a lemon, but why aren't they eager to replace it if that's the case?This is my first run with Verizon Wireless and trying to get help from them is impossible. They are not forthcoming, they give you inane suggestions ("just take the battery out of your phone once a week to give it a hard restart"), its impossible to get a straight answer!Problems include but are not limited to: double texting, inability to receive texts, inability to make calls, screen freezing,....They should be paying us to take this phone off of their hands to compensate for the aggravation it causes.I just pray that I am not in an emergency situation while I have this phone!Seriously! This morning I tried to make a call and couldn't connect. I took the battery out as previously advised and when I turned it back on the screen froze!!!Verizon wireless just told me they couldn't replicate it so they gave it back to me.Yes, I am very upset while I am writing this after two months of constant equipment failure, but keep yourself safe and DON"T GET THIS PHONE!

on the verizon site you pay $99 for preowned etc. What makes this 1 cent? We really want to believe in this deal. also i get a discount if i go with verizon service, i don't see a place to get your discount. can anyone help me?

For a long time, I have been looking for a phone to satisfy both my multimedia and business needs without over complicating it. This phone is the answer. It blends personal and professional with plenty of room for separation. It also doesn't slow things down, it only speeds things up. The hardware is solid and rugged. I have dropped it a few dozen times and there isn't even a scratch on the casing or screen. The screen itself is gorgeous and even visible outdoors in the hot and bright Nevada desert. The touchscreen is ultra responsive and multitouch isn't lacking like in other phones. This device is the whole package and running on Verizons network seals the deal.

I'll start by saying that I switched to Verizon when I got married and picked up the DROID X to replace my iPhone 3GS.  I'm not a Mac junkie that has to go out and get the latest and greatest and in fact about a week before switching to Verizon I returned my iPhone 4 because it wasn't all it was cracked up to be.GENERAL - I use my phone to make phone calls, text, check the internet, reply to e-mail and on occasion play a game.  I don't spend all day doing these things just a couple of time throughout the work day, and still my phone can barely (and usually won't) make it all day without requiring a charge.  At best this phone is unreliable because the battery life is so terrible.  And before anyone comments that I must have ten widgets and continuous updates running and need to install an app killer program, I already have.  I took the phone back to the dealer about a week after owning it and they turned off all of the widgets and I set the phone to kill apps averytime it goes into sleep mode.  Bottom line is I shouldn't have to continuously tell the phone not to run programs that I don't want, never use and can not uninstall.MUSIC - I used to use my iphone to play music, jog with, listen to audiobooks, etc, and despite trying on three or four different occasions I have yet to figure out how to put music on the phone that will play through the installed music program.  After about 30 minutes of searching (each time) I've given up and just gone back to using my old iphone (now functioning as a itouch).SCREEN - Yes the screen is large and nice to see pictures on, read documents etc, but its not very good in anything that resembles sun light.  I can also only assume that the size of the screen has a significant draw on the battery life.  I would definately say the screen clarity is better than the 3GS but not near as good a the iPhone 4, despite what the technical specs say.HARDWARE/SOFTWARE - As I mentioned above there are numerous applications that automatically start when the phones goes into sleep mode (if you don't have a program to kill them).  Most of these apps can not be removed from the phone.  As far as how fast the phone operates I'm not impressed.  I regularly experience delays when running programs or simply moving left and right between main menu screens.  And if you're getting the phone to grab some candit shots with the camera, forget it.  This thing takes upwards of 5-10 seconds to either navigate windows or wait for the camera software to load.CAMERA - Not as impressive as one might think for an 8MP camera.  I'm not sure if it has to do with the software or what but I wouldn't say this camera functions as well as an 8MP stand alone camera.  Also the flash feature is poor at best.  Don't get me wrong the light put out by the camera flash is amazingly bright, the problem is it isn't timed with the shutter properly.  This regularly results in numerous attempts to take a picture because everything is too dark.CALL CLARITY - No real complaints here.  Don't know that I have dropped a call since I owned the phone, unlike the 3GS which I would drop calls at least once a month and don't get me started on the iPhone 4.  The speaker volume isn't that great.WEB BROWSING - No real complaints here, except that you can't use the phone and download anything from the internet at the same time, but my understanding is that is a VERIZON limitation and has nothing to do with the DROID X.Bottom Line is I will be upgrading, switching phones, what ever I can as soon as possible.  I've grown to despise this phone and can't get rid of it soon enough.  The only feature I like about this phone is the SWYPE keyboard.  Apart from that I fully plan on taking advantage of anyone on e-bay that is dumb enough to pay $300 for this piece of junk.  My brother has an HTC Incredible which he is very pleased with.  I almost purchased it back in August 2010 but the DROID X was the hot new thing on the market.  Maybe I would have been better served by HTC, but this is definitely the last time I purchase a MOTOROLA product!

**Update 8/29/11**Obsolete now but had to add that I loved my DX until I replaced it with the DX2 which should be a better phone than it is but it's still very good.This phone rocks. That sums it up pretty nicely. I was a Blackberry Curve owner and I loved my BB. Still love my BB but the Droid X is so very cool and does so much I'm always doing something with it. As a matter of fact, besides being bigger than a BB, the only complaint I have is that I am not getting as much done these days since getting my DX a week ago.I'll have to come back and update this in a month. I'm sure that with some time the new will wear off and I will have more to say.Bottom line: This is an excellent phone that has unlimited potential via app's to organize and simplify your entire life. The only problem is that it can actually cut your productivity if you allow it. With a little self-discipline, however, there is no end to the amount of helpful functionality this phone can deliver.I would like to see a better music player even though DoubleTwist works well enough it could be more user friendly.I would also like to see some desktop software to more easily sync it with my pc.I would recommend this phone to anyone but I'll wait a while beyond doing it here because I'm enjoying being one of the first to have one. It's fun to show off. ;-)

This phone is nice and all but my main reason for getting it was to use its GPS navigation capabilities. I think the navigation software that comes with the phone is pretty simple but usable and has great features, like traffic information, but my problem is that this phone becomes scorching HOT when I placed it in the car dock durinng a midday summer day. I was out for about 20 minutes, and took the phone out of the dock and I could barely touch the phone, it was HOT. It probably transferred heat from the dock and also got some heat from the sun. I'll definetly not use it on the dock when its that sunny outside because I'm pretty sure its not good for the phone and the battery. I'm a bit bummed out by this "feature" but will continue to use the phone

... but these are the issues:1 - I got it on launch day and so far I have to charge it twice a day. True, I have used it, a lot, but after the first couple days I turned the brightness down to 0 and that really didn't help much.2 - The motorola widgets suck. HTC's are much better.3 - it has crashed at least every other day since I bought it.4 - The scrolling is sometimes a little less than smooth.There's lots of good features about this phone, but those are well documented around the web.

Overall, it's a good smartphone and it has a nice big screen, but it has its issues.  The interface lacks the polish you find on the HTC Incredible, which my wife owns.  Also, the speaking volume output on the phone speaker is pretty weak, so it is hard to hear with any background noise.The swype feature is cool but it has trouble with words containing double letters, like good (not god) or choose (chose).  It can figure out that you don't mean gogle or yaho, but more common words trip it up.Battery life is pretty typical for modern smartphones, and I usually recharge it daily just to keep it in habit.The camera is not as good as I was hoping for with 8 megapixels, but it's not bad.  The video camera is pretty good, and both allow you to capture with rendering effects.Definitely get the unlimited data plan.  I'm a light user, and I still went over the 150 mb limit, which is Verizon's only other usage level.No complaints about service, although I've been with Verizon for a long time.

This was my first smartphone, but being a tech enthusiast I knew what I was getting into. I did a lot of research and eventually choose this one, and boy was I excited to get my hands on it.Unboxing, it comes with no more than the phone, charger with usb cable, and documentation. I was a little disappointed, seeing as I spent $200 on it and I like the little "freebies". Oh, well.When I first got it (android 2.1?), it had a few problems. It kept rebooting on its own, roughly once or twice a day. I decided to stick with it, seeing as the 2.2 OS update was on the way I and I thought it might fix it. As it turns out, 2.2 reduced the reboots significantly so that it only happens once or twice every few months or so.Ever since, its been mostly reliable, aside from a few problems. Everyone once in awhile, it'll get caught it a boot-up loop and will stay on the android eye until I perform a battery pull. Additionally, some times the camera gets a little glitchy. It'll corrupt the video or photo I most recently take, and then I can't open the camera or camcorder until I reboot the phone. Furthermore, the gallery app will not open anymore. Moreover, every once in awhile, the phone won't dial out or send texts even with full bars. My last little qualm problem is the boot up. It takes all the widgets and the phone about a minute or two before I can use it once it boots up.I know it seems like a lot of complain about, but these problems are minor, trust me. More annoying than anything. To comment on the good things, I'll say that the phone is very durable. Dropped it a bunch of times; only minor dents and no screen scratches at all. The LED's from the camera are very bright, and I often use it as a substitute for a flashlight at times. It also seems to shoot pretty good 720p video. I love the size of the phone, and it feels great in my hand. The screen is very responsive, almost no problems with that.I won't comment on android itself, other than the fact I love it. The UI that motorola has on this isn't bad either, but you don't have to use those widgets.Overall, I really do like this phone. I have it by my side at all times, and for the most part, has worked great. If you are on the fence, I'd say try it!

I had to choose between this and the Iphone. Here's why I chose this:1. Larger screen. 4.3" vs. 3.5" is a huge difference. With a 4.3" screen I can surf the web without having to constantly squint and zoom. With the Iphone's 3.5" screen, the text (although in very high resolution) is so small that it really strains your eyes.2. Verizon's unlimited internet. My Droid X is running nonstop, as I listen to internet radio, watch internet television and so on. ATT has a 2GB per month limit, even though they charge the same price.3. Apps. Droid has a HUGE library of applications. Not as much as the Iphone, but as much as you could want. And the good news is lots of good Droid apps are free!4. Flash. It is simply ridiculous of apple to try and boycott flash. With Droid 2.2 (which offers Flash 10.1) you can surf all the websites without having to miss out on the cool flash content.I also had to choose between this and the Droid 2 (this is thinner and has a bigger screen, and I don't need a slide out keyboard), the Samsung AMOLED Droids (this has a slightly bigger screen and slightly higher resolution, although they have a much lower SAR rating, so this was a tougher call) and the HTC droids (this is equal or better in every category).So bottom line is this: The only phone that you would get instead of this is one of the Samsung AMOLED Droid phones. Don't get the iphone for reasons above. Don't get the Droid 2 (if you want a keybaord get the Samsung Epic 4g). Don't get the HTC stuff. Possibly get one of the Samsungs due to their lower SAR.

Upgraded to this smartphone a few months ago. It has changed my life somewhat. I no longer have to lug around my laptop to work anymore for one. I have instant internet access in the palm of my hand. It is fast access too, and displays full web pages without a hitch. It supports flash and java apparently. It has an HD 720p video camera built in and takes clear sharp video.  The  8 MP digitl camera is great too and the quick upload feature is great. Fianlly the one thing that has changed how I do things is the voice to text feature. It is unbelievable and I use it all the time now. Works pretty good most of the time you just need to speak clearly and slowly. Anyways these are just a few things I like about the Droid X, but there are so many more features I use I can't think of them now.Get this phone you wont regret it.

A word of caution: this phone is more massive than you're probably picturing it!  With it's chin and forehead and back-hump this phone just barely fits in the front pocket of a pair of jeans.  Don't even bother with a case, the combo would be too big for anything but a duffel bag!That said, this is an amazing smartphone.  It runs Android 2.2 (but will get an update to 2.3 this summer) and has a 1GHz TI processor inside.  What does that mean to you?  You can run all the latest apps and games without so much as a hiccup.  It used to come with way more storage and now only comes with a 2GB card (weird) but you can always upgrade the storage if you need more for pics, music, and apps.The display looks great (for an LCD) and this thing can hold a signal and make a call where almost all other smartphones fail.  Thanks to built-in noise-cancellation and the absurd signal strength, you sound like you're on a land-line even when you're in the most rural of areas.So what are the downsides to the Droid X?  The size and the mechanical keys.  Whether those are downsides to you depends on personal preference, but you should be aware of those two potential issues.  I prefer a smaller (4-inch) phone and touch-keys (that will never wear out or fail).  But that's just me!  This thing is an amazing phone and even if you buy it now (near the end of its life) it will be more than fast enough for at least the next 18 months.

I am a first time smart phone user and did a significant amount of research on this phone. I am fairly tech savvy and expected a learning curve, but I never expected the plethora of problems with this phone.The phone has a nice look.  I liked the big screen, the idea of a 10 mp camera and some of the apps as well. I bought the phone for business,  but the glitches in the Google platform are so excessive as to essentially render it unusable. I have researched the forums and found that these problems are pervasive. So after 2 days of dealing with this phone and a stiff neck...back it goes.The problems persist even after downloading the most recent software update.Here is a list albeit not complete:1.) Even with all the power saving functions, it is a huge battery hog.It needs charging after a couple of hours of continual use. Even turned off the battery runs down rapidly.2.) Sometimes the GPS works, sometimes it doesn't It appears that just powering on and off or using the telephone GPS functions  doesn't work to restart it. I had to pull the battery3.) The voice on the navigation is tinny and difficult to understand. The navigation sometimes connects and other times doesn't. My goal was to do away with VZ navigator.4.) It sends emails only from the default email.  There is no way to change this except by changing the default. I sent test messages to one of my listed emails. It showed up in my computer in box immediately and in my Droid 4 hours later. Others showed up not at all.5.) I have multiple emails apparently the emails are funneled through the mandatory Gmail account. Apparently  this has been a problem for those with personal and business accounts.There are numerous forum complaints on this issue.6.) Much of the battery use is all the garbage running in the background. Turn it off...no worries they  turn themselves back on.7.) I finally got rid of facebook, my space, Fox news and USA Today which helped some. DELETING THE bLOCKBUSTER APP...IMPOSSIBLE.. .8.) The  internet  function is likewise spotty. It clearly works best with a wireless connection, but even then with a fully functioning wireless it says it can't find a connection. I would think between the phone network and the wireless it would work. Often if left solely on Verizon the internet connection is slower than dial-up. In fact it says to watch video, you should have wireless.9.) The calendar lacks functionality- I put an appointment on it and when I clicked on it, a panel comes up asking if I am going to attend this event and who else did I want to invite...urrh10.)  The video I took of my horses and dogs in the snow came out blue. This was after I carefully set the effects and scene...another mind of its own thing.11.) The camera likewise is buggy.Low light photos are very grainy  and there is substantial shutter lag even in action mode.12.) The interaction with Microsoft office is poor despite the apps. There is no interface with Outlook.13.) I can't get it to wirelessly interface with my computer even though it is on the network and sees the computer name  and the sharing is properly turned on.I really liked the idea of this phone , but whether it is the software or hardware glitches or a combination, it clearly is not ready to be a business phone. It has more bugs than Alaska has mosquitoes in summer.They are clearly trying to compete with Iphone....it has a long way to go.Google should have smart enough people to give a better software package than this. I'll try a Blackberry. If you are not using it for business, it might work okay, but the power consumption will remain an issueUpdate 1-3-2010I elected to keep this phone. "The best phone ever...." Perhaps but "best ever" must mean this technology has a significant distance to go.Some of the problems have cleared up. The GPS function now appears to work atleast most of the time, likewise the email function has cleared up as has the browser. I found an app that synchs Outlook. Free for the phone $30+ for  the computer, but you do get a free trial to try it out.It's not perfect, but works reasonably well.The camera takes some nice photos if you compensate for the shutter lag. The video has no zoom function. In both the camera and video you have to be careful of the effects which the camera seems to decide on its own to insert.The Iphone has many advantages, but as i understand it, you can't replace the battery as you can in this phone.Iphone camera has 5 megapixels which can make smaller prints, but isn't as good.I was finally able to download the apps I bought the phone to have and they work suitably well.So I will up my rating to 3 stars.1/31/2011- After a frustrating day of entering events into the camera, sending messages etc. I am remindered how frustrating it can be. The keyboad esp when not sideways likes the number or letter to the left or right and up and down. Entering non-familiar terms the swype, voice recognition which works okay usually and the keyboard go crazy. It is difficult to correct words. I don't know if the Droid 2 global with the keyboard fixes this, but it seems too sensitive. As with other aspects of Droid..it seems to have its share of bad hair days.

I despise this phone. It thinks it's a computer. It freezes and reboots itself ALL THE TIME. The screen will mess up, the reverse key will not respond, and I'll only have ONE program running. I'm very good with shutting off the unused programs, so this isn't an issue of "overload". The alarm isn't very loud either. Call quality is decent. This phone cannot automatically hook up to your email server (unless it's one of the specified emails on their list). You have to manually configure it. This is where I highly favor my previous phone, a Blackberry. I have 22 months left on my contract (I GOT IT 2 MONTHS AGO AND HATE IT), and after it's up, I'm going straight back to Blackberry. The ONLY pro is the screen size. I've never had an issue with putting it in my pocket. It likes to overheat. The battery life drains in a matter of 2 hours (EVEN WITH MINIMUM USE! UGH!). I've spoken to countless other people who have the same phone as I do and SAME problems. We all wish we could just chuck it. Whenever someone looks at my phone, they exclaim how cool it is, and ask if they can touch it. I say "Yes, please break it." My boyfriend got the iPhone and I'd much rather have that. I play on his phone more often than I ever touch mine. FIX THE DROID.

I have owned this phone and a few other android phones over the last couple years and let me just say this one was quite a bit of a let down.  Let me start with whats good.  It looks great, and feels solid in the hand.Now onto the bad.  Motorola decided to yuck this up with their terrible Moto Blur skin.  What that means is that user interface looks ugly, and it does a bad job of adding to the stock android experience.  Next lets move onto Verizon's slow as molasses 3g speeds. In a nutshell, verizon has the slowest 3g data speeds of all major carriers in the US.  What this means is that AT&T; and T-mobile 3G phones can download and stream videos  nearly 4 to 5 times faster.  I know because I also have a t-mobile account and that 3g phone always beats this one in bandwidth tests. 1.5Mb's on Verizon vs 5.5Mb on T-Mobile.  Needless to say it's a huge difference.Also gaming stinks on this phone.  The TiOmap cpu/gpu that motorola used in this phone is very cheap compared to the CPU/GPU that Samsung uses in their Galaxy S phones.  At best, performace wise this phone barely has as much horse power as HTC's Nexus one which was released well over a year ago.So there you go.  Save your money and buy either a newer HTC phone like the thunderbolt (at least it has an LTE radio), or save up for the new Samsung Galaxy S II phones that samsung just announced.  Engadget said it was the best smartphone they have EVER tested.  Eat that iphone.  Currently Motorola's android phones all stink compared to Samsung, and HTC's best.Compared to the iPhone:  There's no comparison, the iPhone blows this hunk of junk away.  Anyone who says otherwise is simply in denial, and has never used an iphone.  The Droid X is for people who want a free smartphone, simply to get their feet wet.  This is in no way a powerhouse of a phone, and it's very buggy.  I'm a huge android, and have supported it from day one with my old T-mobile g1.  But sadly the Droid-X is all bark and no bite.

Being eager to dish my iPhone and ATT due to the poor coverage, I bought the Droid X the first chance I got after my contract ended.  All the glowing reviews here really influenced my decision.  As soon I got the phone, I was trying figure out how to sync with my Outlook, but I couldn't find a way to do it.  After reading thru many online forum discussions, it became obvious that, it's not built-in.  There are the other solutions, paid or free, but most are clunky at best.  Or, you have to completely buy into the Google Kool-Aid, get all your contacts and calendar loaded to Gmail, which is probably what Google wanted you to do.  This is utterly disappointing.  Apple didn't like Microsoft, but at least Apple made it seamless to make iPhone sync with Outlook, because, over 90% of business users use Outlook to manage emails, contacts and calendar.  Motorola, Verizon?  They didn't step up to the plate either.  This could be the true smart phone king, if only...

Pros:-Sweet little Android that sets-up easy-Big Clear Screen-Plenty of apps with new ones daily.-Excellent 3G and Wireless Speeds-Good camera stills and movies-Does it allCons:-There is very little not to like- but preferences will make some people give negative reviews:-it's too big (I waited for big)-it's too heavy (ditto)-it's not as good at ____ as... (user preference)-Verizon is moving to tiered Internet pricingSummary: Let iPhone fanatics call theirs a phone- this is a little computer that runs an operating system that isn't Windows or Mac. And it's the best non-Mac screen size and res for computing and video/photo functions. The first one that ever made phone web-surfing make any sense to me.This gizmo & it's Droid relatives mark the beginning of the rise of Android as THE portable open-source operating system and will be incorporated into and compatible with upcoming Chrome Operating System. Many Developers will write for Android from now on- not just for phones but for future personal computers, Pads and smart devices too. This Droid and it relatives should make Microsoft wet its pants. Don't bet against Google on this one.I get the best phone reception I have ever had, the video and stills are good (not great, but hey, the thing is 4+ inches long and less than half an inch thick).I LOVE this damned thing- I bought two more for my daughters and hope we all get grand-fathered in on unlimited Verizon Internet when they start metering your Internet access.Not Perfect- but what is? It will take awhile for all of it's mysteries and glitches (and Andoid 2.2 in less than a month) reveal themselves. For now, the thing WORKS WELL as wireless computer, camera, and phone.Highly recommended.

I've had this phone for about 5 months.  Been back to the dealer twice for repairs/updates.  Worst phone I've owned.  I would not recmmend it to anyone.  Software updates take an hour.  If you watch a you-tube video, you'll lose 1/2 of your battery.  Daily use (calls/texting/reading news) drains the battery, you'll have to charge it throughout the day.  I've gotton to the point where I have to turn it off when not in use.  Forgot making a call while moving, you have to pull over.  I understand that if I was driving but as a passenger, its a little annoying.  The camera does take great pictures.

This phone is simply the best smart phone I've ever used (qualifier, other than watching my girlfriend play with her iPhone, I'm not familiar with the touted Apple product).1. The call quality is excellent.  Apparently, Motorola uses three separate microphones in aid of its noise-cancellation technology.2. It's user-friendly and intuitive.  I downloaded the full manual (it doesn't ship with one) and chucked it before I was a quarter of the way through.  This phone is fairly easy to learn without the manual.  After three days of playing around with it, downloading apps and tweaking the settings, it's become a treasured information device.3. The camera/video quality is very good, even in low-light situations despite other reviewers' claims to the opposite.4. The VOICE RECOGNITION IS SUPERB.  I don't know how Google does it but this phone understands what I'm trying to say and I didn't have to "train" it like old voice recognition software requires.  This means NEARLY EVERY ENTRY CAN BE DONE BY VOICE (including texting).  Combine this with the proper apps and this device is better than the tricorders used by Federation personnel (Star Trek).Here are some examples of how I used this device to RAPIDLY find information:1. I was recently asked to find the cheapest airfares for a specific trip.  I was given the departure city, arrival city and dates of travel.  I simply touched the Google voice-search icon on the home page and said "cheapest airfares from Los Angeles to Boston".  In three seconds I was provided links to the sites where I eventually found the best airfares (when I searched manually on my work computer).  It took me over ten minutes to find the best sights on my work computer, but only 3 seconds with this phone.2. I recently needed high-end wrapping paper.  I touched the Google Places Directory and said, "Wrapping paper."  Again, in less than 10 seconds, it provided me a comprehensive list of stationery and party stores, sorted by distance from my current location.  It even provided compass arrows (using the device's internal compass and GPS) to show the direction of each store.  As I stood and turned around, the little arrows maintained the correct heading.  How cool is that?3. When I wanted to go to a local shopping mall called "The Grove", I touched the navigation icon and said "The Grove".  In about 3 seconds, it provided me several choices.  The one I wanted was the first choice.  I touched it and was given voice directions on the GPS after another ten seconds.This thing kicks ass.  It does so much more, but these are some of the highlights.

I've had the Droid X since it was released in July. Watch out--it will slow down to the point of being almost useless for the simplest, most basic phone functions (such as calls, texts). I can't access texts, it reboots itself in the middle of calls and it locks up. Verizon can't fix this widespread problem. I can't wait to get rid of this thing. And no, I am not an app-crazed user. I've tried everything and had it into the Verizon store several times. It's been replaced, too, and the new one is just as bad. It's just a lousy phone.

Instead of a novel, here's my review. (Will Update)It's pretty big.  It's a big boy.  Seriously, it's big.  Horizontal, it's perfect for texting.  Standing tall, it's really standing tall.Battery is pretty good.  Normal use, it last of 8 hours until it needs to be recharged(settings may differ).Browser has flash, but download speed on the browser isn't that good for stream.  Once the stream player works, it's pretty good.  Manage to get Justin.tv working.Touch screen works well, when not lagging, but sometimes too well.  Sometimes, I just had to hover my fingers over and it would press the icon/letter/number its self.8MP camera is horrible (well lit)indoors, but great outside.  The real best use of the camera is when on camcorder mode.Freakin power-house on the Verizon Wireless network.  Downloaded 12 apps/wallpapers at the same time in 1-2 minutes.  Problem is some apps will be running even if you don't want it too.  It's not the phones fault, but just a warning. The whole thing about how a Verizon customer can't talk during a call and access their emails, text message, surf the web, etc., is B.S.  Did it and it worked out great.The options of setting settings on the phone is there, but it's not really that accessible, unless you know what you're doing.One problem I had was trying to make a basic phone call.  I just got my new, free, android and could not make a phone call due to its laggy performance.  Thankfully, it's not happening any more.  Another thing I haven't got totally control of is the feeling that this smart phone is really a living, breathing thing.  It's constantly doing things behind my back, via widgets/apps, so I'm constantly programing Droid X that I don't want to download updates, stop telling me about new emails, and switching to different navigation - 2 comes with the phone standard) because one thinks I'm lost.PS.  To those who didn't know, GPS doesn't use data.  So don't purchase Verizon's.  I basically had my phone on "Air Plane mode"- which turns off data and phone call aspect - and still manage to have the GPS working.It's pretty fun phone.  It's like the iPhone, but Jailbroken, which is really nice.

For years I've wanted an iPhone but didn't want to switch to AT&T.; I heard good things about the Droid X and how it was comparable to the iPhone, so when it came time to upgrade I purchased the X. Even though this was my first smart phone, my expectations were high. The X has managed to exceed my expectations. I'm not going to go into great detail, because you can get plenty of that from most of the other reviews on this phone. Instead I'll tell what I think is best about the X and what are it's biggest issues.What I like best:-the screen picture is amazing, very clear and good definition. I can watch movies on it and they appear in high quality on this phone.-the touch screen is fantastic, very precise and easy to use.-easy user interface. you have your home screens that you can customize with your favorite app shortcuts, and then the app menu where all of your apps are stored.-the phone can hold TONS of apps, and trust me - I have many! I downloaded an app called "gesture search" which makes it easy to find an app quickly rather than sifting through my huge list.-swype. the BEST thing about this phone. allows you to type/text using one finger with one swift movement per word. love it!-really great apps that are FREE (although this is more of an android perk). there are so many great apps for android, you just can't go wrong. this phone handles the apps quite well. i've had the X for about 2 months and it's only force closed on an app a couple times. that's better than I can say for my 3 month old desktop computer.-i'm going to delve a little more into the apps perk, because let's face, that's what smart phones are for right? these are some of my favorite apps that work great on the X. google goggles is amazing, take a picture of something and it will search the internet and give you everything you need to know about what you took a picture of. media remote - lets you use your phone as a remote for most Sony products - I set this up with my Sony blu-ray player and it works like a charm. advanced app killer - not really necessary for this phone because the X is powerful enough to run smoothly with hundreds of apps - but still a good app to have that will close all running apps if you want to increase performance. dropbox - move files/pics back and forth between your phone and your home computer. great for transferring files/photos to your computer without having to mess with SD cards or cables. keep screen - let's you choose what programs you don't want the phone screen to timeout on, allows you to read without having to constantly touch the screen to keep it from turning off. documents to go - let's you view/edit various word processing documents from your computer on your phone. shazaam - let the phone listen to a song for about 30 seconds and it will tell you what song you're listening to (complete w/artist and album info). steamy window - just phone, download it and see for yourself.-streams videos quite well from youtube.-fun to play games on. lots of fun, free games to download.-the size. i was a little leary of its large size at first, but I quite like it now. aside from everything on the screen being easier to see, the phone it fits nicely in my hands and is easy to find in my purse.-lots of storage!-wifi capable and provides a mobile hotspot.My biggest issues with the X:-the camera doesn't always work. i don't know if it's the hardware, or the default program. I've downloaded a couple other picture taking apps and haven't had a problem taking pictures with those. but when I try to use the phone's built in camera software, it doesn't always work.-sometimes when I try to view a specific group in my contacts (by clicking view by...group) the phone will not cooperate. seems like some kind of bug that could be fixed in an update, but hasn't yet.-the google search bar widget and the browser freeze up A LOT! i'm in the process of looking for an alternative search bar widget and/or browser.-battery life sucks. duh.-no front facing camera. it has everything else, why not this?!There's so much more to say about this phone but I'm not trying to write a novel here. These are just my observations and I have no regrets in picking the X.

I was with AT&T; and had the iPhone 3gs. The iPhone 4 had been out a couple of weeks. I hated the iPhone and I hated AT&T; just as much. The iPhone is a terrible phone when used as a phone to actually talk with someone. Dropped calls, bad reception, and garbled conversations. I decided to leave the iPhone and lose AT&T;, even if I had to pay a Early Termination Fee (ETF). I wanted to get on the Verizon network, and I waited until the Droid X released. I love this phone. I love the screen, the google android OS, and I love the verizon service. It took a little time to adjust to the android OS since I was so used to the iPhone. The only negative thing I can even say about this phone is the touch screen "smoothness". Sliding between screens and transitioning from landscape and portrait mode is less "appealing" as on the iPhone. It's just smoother on the iPhone. But that's about the only thing about the phone I can say that's not better than the iPhone. The Droid X delivers in every other area. It feels much more comfortable in your hand b/c it has a more "rubbery" casing. Screen is great. The Android Market does not have near the apps that the apple app store, but many of the apps I used to use on my iphone are available for my Droid X. Except for games. I had a lot of games on my iphone, and I really miss that. I hope the android market picks up soon, but I game a lot, whether it's ps3, xbox360, or on my phone.Anyway, I am glad I made the switch from iPhone 3GS/At&T; to Droid X/Verizon! I can't stand the closed "ecosystem" mindset at Apple.I do recommend this phone to anyone considering one of the larger touch screen phones.

When I originally decided to make the switch from Blackberry to Android, I did a great deal of research into the whole Android platform, what's good & bad and did all I could to be entirely ready for the whole new learning curve that a brand new OS usually brings. My plan was to hit the ground running and be as proficient as possible with my new phone by the end of the first day...and THIS is where I ran into my first speed-bump. I went to literally a dozen stores hoping to get an X only to find they were all out-of-stock and the back order was 3-6 weeks. This of course was my own fault for not making the leap when the X first came out. No, I waited a while and found they were totally out everywhere I looked. So I ordered one anyway, and waited. And waited. Week after week I waited. I finally lost my patience (partially because I was going to give my wife my BB Tour and she was quite interested in trading up seeing as her old Curve was in dire straights and we weren't sure how long it'd last) and just went in and ordered the Incredible.I was initially VERY impressed (see my review) with the Incredible. Unfortunately the sales rep told me a few things in order to get a sale from me that turned out to be entirely false. Namely that the DInc had the same pre-installed SD card as the X--it does not. Oh, and she also said that the 2.2 Froyo update was already done and ON the phone--it was not. This was--IMO--a blatant lie in order to secure a sale. Had I been working with just a regular sales rep at the Verizon store I went to I suppose I could forgive an honest mistake, but this was the Manager, and this kind of mistake was almost certainly an intentional one. I bit my tongue, however and moved on. After a few days decided that I just wanted the bigger screen and came back--to the same Manager--and informed her I would like to use my 30-day trade-in option. Once again, there was NO X in stock and they really couldn't tell me when another would be coming in. I began to get discouraged but a funny thing began to happen literally the moment I began to seriously consider keeping the DInc: I began to really like the phone...a lot.After a couple weeks I woke up and found the OTA Froyo update was waiting for me to activate. Initially I was VERY excited knowing the phone improvements would make it even better. I noticed better battery life (improved by about 15-20%--but keep in mind the DInc's battery woes were abysmal to begin with) and improved web loading. What I DIDN'T initially figure out was with the update came a few new widgets that would spontaneously start up regardless of how often you used the Task Killer to close--or even by Force Closing it using the Manage Application function. I would routinely check my Auto Task Killer and notice City ID, Skype and a few others almost ALWAYS on and running. I do not use (at least not at the moment) ANY of these apps and yet they would auto-start ALL the time. This infuriated me until I read on dozens of forums how using an app like Auto Task Killer are not really all that necessary because Android is designed to manage most of those functions all by itself. I DO use a Task Killer, but only to exit from the Internet and manually close some of the apps I use now & then and just leave the rest alone. I set the ATK to ignore certain apps and discovered my phone STILL worked fine and I noticed absolutely ZERO lag time or issues with the phone slowing down with some of those programs running quietly in the background. Face it, unless you physically open Skype, or City ID and tell it to DO something, it really isn't using up any memory. For those who are absolutely anal about shutting off absolutely everything using a Task Killer, look around on the 'net and read some of the forums--especially those from Android developers--and see if this isn't true.Right at the point when I was accepting the fact that my DInc was forever going to be mine, I got the call that an X had showed up. I rushed over, made the trade and I wake up the next day with mixed emotions. I had really grown accustomed to the HTC Sense UI and I gotta say, that overall it was a MUCH more polished and better all around LOOKING system than what I now have with the X. That does not mean I don't like my X, though. They are just two very different phones using a variation of the exact same OS. One just happens to be more polished than the other. I have noticed that the screen is just amazing on the X. Bright and obviously huge...but not TOO big. The X has a few more pixels than the DInc does, but since one has a smaller screen, the density is greater and therefore the Amoled screen on the Incredible also looks brilliant and very vibrant. One thing that hampers the DInc in a VERY serious way was the ability to read it in direct sunlight. I had read all over that this was a major problem, but dismissed it because I rarely used my phone that way--or so I thought. It was amazing how often I did, and boy did it suck under those circumstances. The X on the other hand was much easier in sunlight to see and read. Point goes to the X on this one.One place I noticed another difference was in swiping the Main screen to the adjacent screens is more responsive on the Incredible and I have found several times that the X takes several seconds to even register that I tried to go from the Home screen to one on either side. This puzzles me because they are both comparable in every way--even down to the 1 gig processor...so why the lag time? Oh well. After using 2.2 on my phone for a few weeks I now am back to 2.1 Eclair on my X, so that too is a small step backwards. It'll come, eventually so I'm not too worried.I absolutely LOVE Swype. The X comes with it right out of the box, but I really had to look for it for my DInc. The Beta trial had ended at the Swype homepage, so I looked and looked (and even downloaded a VERY similar app called SlideIT which worked great--but after a few days it too ended because it was just a trial version) and finally found Swype for free. I have noticed ONE thing that the version on my X had that wasn't on the version I downloaded to my Incredible was the microphone option for times when I don't want to use my fingers and just speak out what I wish to text (a progam which is absolutely freakin' amazing, btw), there IS one on the Swype keyboard on the X...but I had to change out the keyboard to the original on the DInc in order to use that function. It was a bit annoying, but didn't really bother me. Its nice to see it included here.I also kind of miss the buttons along the bottom of the DInc along with its optical trackpad. The physical buttons on the X seem quite a bit different--and not in a good way--than what the Incredible had. Just more responsive on the Incredible. I miss them more each day...again, oh well. There are several reasons why you may like one phone over another, and this is also one of the reasons why I believe Android will eventually really eat into iPhone sales: diversity. HTC makes Android phones, and so does Motorola & Samsung just to name a few. Each company have placed their own unique version of Android on their phones, some are better than others, some have options the others do not but its the options that make the platform so amazing. If I hate AT&T; (and I DO, with a passion...) but still want the iPhone on T-Mobile...I'm SOL. However I get plenty of options if I want an Android phone, because they have at least ONE model on each and every carrier in the US (more depending on which provider you may have). Being able to customize your phone, having the TRUE ability to multi-task with a Droid versus what iPhone passes off as multi-tasking (and ONLY with the most recent version--if I am not mistaken) is just SOME of the reasons why this platform will not only work, but thrive. For those who are insistent that iPhones are better I say this: honestly, its just a matter of opinion at this point. If I had an option to get an iPhone on Verizon, I really might get one. I think iPhones are awesome (their reception issues notwithstanding), but there are things you can do with Android you simply can't do with the iPhone and vice-versa. The app market for BOTH platforms are SO huge now that it really doesn't matter which phone you get, there are more apps than you will EVER need and all the good ones developed for the iPhone have a counterpart for Android, too so that point is essentially moot. If you are willing to accept AT&T;'s absolutely horrific so-called nation-wide service, be my guest. Having had such a terrible experience with their service with my BB Bold in my particular area pretty much soured me on them for good...however YOU may get fantastic service where YOU live, so again, its a matter of preference.Undoubtedly I will make some updates in the coming days and weeks as my experience continues to grow....but I also feel compelled to note that the biggest problem with Android thus far is how amazing they are and how much fun they are to play with can seriously eat into your productivity at work--IF you let it. Keep that in mind and come back soon and see what else I felt important to add to my review. Oh, and thank you for reading.***UPDATE #1***Battery life on the X is definitely better than on the Incredible. I'd say roughly 30-40% better...and considering how massive the screen is, that is saying something.I have noticed an ENORMOUS difference in switching from the Incredible to the X while browsing the internet. I guess you don't really know or appreciate how much different and better the experience is as a whole with Froyo 2.2 than with 2.1 until you use one for a few weeks and then switch to the other. HTC put Flash Lite on the Inredible even without 2.2, but WITH Froyo, the internet really IS dramatically improved--seriously. I didn't quite realize it until I went surfing around yesterday and discovered a WORLD of difference. For those iPhone users who balk at not having Flash (and according to Steve Jobs, never WILL) as not decreasing your overall internet viewing experience...you are 100% deluded. The difference is simply amazing. I suppose if you've never trolled around the 'net using a phone that was Flash capable you don't really realize what you're missing, but TRUST me, you are. My Incredible had a setting which allowed me to view websites in mobile phone mode, or view them as I would on my desktop computer. So far I have not found this option on the X. I just may download Skyfire until my 2.2 update arrives, I haven't decided just yet.I really like being able to re-size widgets on any of my 7 screens. I wish I could re-size them to whatever size I wanted, but they are pre-determined and some won't re-size at all--but having SOME options is better than none, right? I gotta say I really miss the stock HTC calendar that came with the Incredible. I have tried locating another version online and at the app Market that can compete, but so far I'm coming up empty.The alert light at the top of the screen just to the Left of the speaker is MUCH easier to see than the ridiculously microscopic light that the Incredible employed. It was VERY difficult to see, even when looking almost directly AT the phone face...if it was turned only slightly one way it simply did not register to the human eye. I am very happy with this improvement on the X. One option that the X has that the DInc didn't was being able to make the alert light blink in different colors. Hey, I'm just glad I can SEE the darned thing, but having this new option is downright awesome.The X camera is on par with the DInc's...which is to say that as long as you have decent light, the photos ROCK...if you are indoors, with even minor low-light conditions, the photos come out amazingly grainy. I can see a day--not too far off either--where phone cameras will entirely replace regular digital cameras, but so far today is NOT that day. Haven't fiddled with the HD video capabilities much, but I'll post an update about that soon.As much as I hate to admit this, I now almost--ALMOST believe the phone is too big. If I had purchased the X before having the DInc I am positive I wouldn't be having this issue, but going from one to the other is quite dramatic. I now think that a 4 inch screen is probably an ideal middle ground between too small and too large. I still love the gorgeous crisp and colorful screen of the X, but after becoming SO used to the Incredible's size, it almost feels like I'm trying to walk around with an iPad in my pocket. Again, I doubt this would've been an issue had I not gone with the DInc first...and the issue is minor at best, but if I'm honest, it IS a factor--not a big one, but one nevertheless.***UPDATE #2***I am VERY impressed with the camera function of the DX--especially in comparison with the 8MP camera on the DInc...mostly because the Incredible's camera was just plain S-L-O-W. Even WITH a 1 gig processor, it seemed to take way too long for the camera app to load properly. Once deployed, the moment you wished to capture just may have been lost--and if that wasn't enough, once you tried to actually *snap* the pic, it seemed to take forever before the shutter eventually snapped. My 7 year old Palm Treo 650 was faster, by a pretty large margin, too. Granted, I realize the Treo could only do a fraction of what todays phones are capable of, but you gotta realize in terms of technology, 7 years ago was practically the stone-age when it comes to how far things have progressed. The reason why this is interesting is because just yesterday I was reading an online review which compared the X with the Incredible and one place where the DInc beat the X was with the camera. According to the review, the exact opposite happened than what I had personally experienced. The X was slow to snap pics and the DInc was much faster. I find this very bothersome because with the exact same phones we are seeing totally different results, and I have to wonder why. Also, photos that I have uploaded to Facebook do so MUCH quicker with the DX than with the DInc...even AFTER it had upgraded to Froyo (still waitin' on that 2.2 update for the X btw...).On the flipside...the speakerphone for the X is abysmal. The Incredible's speaker was light years ahead and 3-4 TIMES louder. Granted I don't use it that often, but with a phone this big, I just naturally assumed the speaker would be AS big, too...not so. For my money, the best speakerphone I have ever heard on a cell phone came from my old original Blackberry Bold. Now THAT was a great speaker. Even my work-issued older BB Curve has a much louder speaker. I'm a bit surprised here at why this one thing has been neglected by Motorola, but it isn't by any means a deal-breaker--however, if YOU require a very loud speaker for your phone, I would seriously think twice. Check one out in person before making any purchase at the very least.I discovered--quite by accident and very embarassingly so--that when you place your phone on Vibrate, that incoming e-mail notifications may STILL make an audible reception notification. This happened to me yesterday while teaching a lesson in Church. Not exactly the kind of place you want to discover that your phone isn't entirely in the 'Silent' mode. However, now that I have found this out, I have to wonder why, when you place the phone on Vibrate this can still happen? I really DO like options, however this is one place I would rather prefer it to be really simple: when I put the phone on silent, I want the ENTIRE fuction of the phone to be silent. Is that too much to ask for? Just sayin'...***UPDATE #3***While doing a sales call to a local Sprint store yesterday, I noticed that the display model HTC Evo was running 2.2, so on a whim I went out and checked if any updates were waiting (you have to manually *check* for them on the X while on the Incredible I woke up and it showed on the home screen a notice that an update was ready to download) and sure 'nuff, there it was, ready to go. It took maybe 20 minutes to download and completely update, which was nice seeing as it was in the middle of my work day and I really can't go without being able to use my phone for too long.The update changed the way the screen looks when I initially turn it on, a few small cosmetic changes have been noticed in the calendar function, too--all for the better. I did notice that my Swype screen keyboard looks almost 100% different...but that was mostly in color change--although why they felt the need to alter that I have no clue, it looked fine before--but oh well. Flash is now on and running...however I have noticed that even though I discovered how to tweak the internet settings in order to view webpages as they normally appear on my desktop instead of on mobile settings (NOT a simple fix, mind you), many websites STILL render on my X with the mobile page version, which bugs the crap outta me. The Incredible did not have this issue. I have since gone back to see if my original setting did not save, and found out that it in fact HAD. So WHY is it that some webpages will not render normally?? Especially now that I have Flash I feel as though I am missing out on a cleaner & more full internet experience than what I had with the DInc. Just a bit frustrating if you want to know the truth.Also on a whim, I decided to see if I could download a copy of a movie I had on my home computer. It took a bit to figure it out, but it loaded fairly quickly, and within 10 minutes I was watching Iron Man in the palm of my hand. I gotta say that was pretty dang sweet. The picture quality was awesome and it rendered on my screen beautifully. Well done Motorola.On a side note, I wish to further moan about the 4 physical buttons at the bottom of the screen: I do NOT like them at all. Now I realize this is entirely a personal issue, because I have noticed many who reviewed the Incredible did not like its touch-sensitive buttons...but I have to say that having had and used the X now for over a week that I really miss the design of those buttons on the DInc. Also, as much as I wasn't initially a fan of the optical track pad on the DInc, not having one on the X highlights a problem that one will not have a problem with on the Incredible. Namely, when you are trying to edit anything you have written on the X, you have to physically point to it using your fingertip (it IS a touchscreen phone after all...) however--and I do NOT have big fingers by any stretch--it is NOT so easy to get the curser to place exactly where you want it using your fingertip...a problem which the optical track pad made ridiculously simple on the DInc. Its only major flaw of the track pad--IMO--was that you couldn't adjust its sensitivity like you could the old track balls used on older Blackberrys (at least not that I could figure out), consequently making moving the curser a bit slow at times--but infinitely more accurate than having to resort to using your finger to place the curser where you want it. And don't think that the extra real estate on the X's screen will make much of a huge difference, because in my experience, it was still a bit frustrating to get that blasted curser in between specific letters you wished to edit. This may not be a factor to many of you, however it certainly has been with me, one that increasingly annoys me the more I have to do it. Had I not owned an Incredible prior to this, I probably wouldn't even have noticed--but for those wishing to make an informed decision if choosing between the X or the DInc, well its definitely something to consider.***UPDATE #4***The DX (and DInc) are the FIRST smartphones I have owned without a full Qwerty keyboard (and I have owned plenty)--something I thought long & hard before buying mostly due to my own reliance (addiction) to physical keyboards. I briefly considered the iPhone back when I was stuck in Purgatory (ie AT&T;). I considered buying one and using the virtual keyboard because it looked pretty well laid out all things considered. I had a Windows Mobile Tilt 2 for a few months (the single worst phone I have EVER owned--mostly due to how bug-proned Windows Mobile is & not HTC) and wasn't a huge fan of the landscape keyboard (I felt it was actually TOO big to use easily). I thought long & hard before purchasing the DInc without a keyboard. The speech-to-text feature was simply awesome. It made texting a breeze and after I found a version of Swype to download I was SOLD. The DX comes with Swype (and a newer version was updated when I downloaded Froyo) and after having a keyboard-free phone now for over a month, I find that with Swype and the speech-to-text ability, I don't miss the keyboard at ALL. In fact I encourage everyone I have a chance to that IF you have an android based phone, if you can get Swype, you will NEVER need one ever again, which is saying a LOT coming from someone who used to feel a keyboard was absolutely ESSENTIAL for texting and emailing. Not any more.What can I say? I STILL love my phone and all it can do (and I am discovering NEW things it can do with new apps almost daily). As for the android operating system? I am 100% SOLD. All things considered, I don't know which to endorse, the Incredible or the X...it just depends on what you personally like. If you want the extra real estate that the X's screen provides, well then you can't go wrong with it...however if you want a phone that'll do everything the X can only smaller, the Incredible really IS pretty, well, incredible. I say that to make sure, you absolutely MUST go to a store and physically handle BOTH phones first before buying, because if size IS a factor, then think twice before getting the X. While it fits in my pocket and isn't a nuisance to carry, not everyone will feel this way. Just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied. Oh, and good luck!***UPDATE #5***Okay, I've had my phone for nearly a year now and it STILL Rocks! Honestly, I seriously love my phone. During all this time I've figured a few things out that I am hoping will help others.First: after a few months, I noticed that my screen sensitivity was seriously off, making texting via Swype all but impossible. I'd re-start it, do a battery pull, almost everything without success. I finally Googled the prob and discovered many other people experienced the same thing--but they took note of one thing I had missed--it ONLY happened while the phone was plugged into the wall charger. As soon as I figured this out (and it WAS exactly the problem), I've not had any issues since. I don't know why the screen goes haywire ONLY while being charged, but it does, and as long as you recognize that, you won't have to do as I did and erase everything on your phone bringing it back to factory specs only to see the exact same problem persist. Boy that was a mistake to wipe my phone.I've been itching to upgrade my phone to OS 2.3.3 aka Gingerbread for quite some time now. Supposedly Verizon & Motorola are on the edge of releasing it to the public officially--however, as I write this, no OFFICIAL 2.3.3 update has been released by Verizon for the DX. I DID find what appears to be an un-official GB update that some have insisted were pushed to their phones from Verizon (this story has been denied AND confirmed by 'sources' all over the place--whether or not its real is anyone's guess at this point. I found it and after a great deal of difficulty, figured how to load it. The typical instructions were far and away over my head--but I ended up downloading it to my computer--attaching my phone to it and I just dropped it into my sd card that way. My phone is NOT rooted btw. I was worried that by doing so it would wipe the memory--but it didn't. The overall update was much more cosmetic and less obvious than the initial upgrade from 2.1 to Froyo...however, the changes have been very GOOD ones from my standpoint. The task bar at the top is no longer white, its a dark blue and all the typical images have a whole new look. Dropping the task bar has also been updated. If you have more than one update, you can dismiss each individually or all at once if you prefer--a small change to be sure, but I have found it to be very convenient--much more than I had expected. For me personally, my favorite upgrade has been when you text or write, one of my biggest complaints about Froyo was that if you wanted to find some text you noticed had been mis-spelled, you had to get the curser to move with your finger to the right place--which in itself was a challenge at times. For those with big fingers, I can only imagine how difficult that has to be. With the upgrade to GB there is a small arrow-like icon that comes up when you write text and it is large enough that using it to point the curser to wherever you want it isn't a problem whatsoever. I am LOVING this new improvement. Along with a few other small--but very welcome changes like MUCH improved copy & pasting--which really should have been included from the very beginning, it all works for the better.I have also noticed improved performance pretty much all around. Virtually no lagging in between the 7 main screens, faster internet, and faster all-around performance. I have seen several YouTube videos which chronicle the improvements in detail, so you can check them out at your leisure. All I can say is don't expect Gingerbread to be a HUGE change, more cosmetic, but trust me, these changes are good ones and really does help the phone in many ways.I have decided my next phone will ALSO be an Android. I cannot see myself switching to anything by apple at this point. Not for what my Droid offers me right out of the box. What an awesome device.

You can change the settings in your DX phone so that the top button is an "end" button and ends the call. The send unfortunaltely has to be done through the touch screen. But why have touch screen if you dont want to use it .

As I considered what new phone to purchase I had narrowed the field to two: iPhone and Droid X. The Droix is the best of the Droid series for several reasons. First, it has a large touch screen which makes games, videos, and web browsing amazing. Second, no keyboard to clank around. While the touch screen keyboard does take some getting used to you'll be fast with it in no time.But why choose the Droid X over an iPhone? It's simple, the iPhone is very limited in the abilities it has and it is designed not to be messed with. If you like being spoon fed, or don't want to ever have to think about how to make your phone better, then probably the iPhone is for you.However, if you want flexibility and adaptability then the Droid X is where it's at. The Droid X can do "wireless tethering" which allows you to broadcast a 3g hot spot without paying for it. You can backup your entire phones memory to dropbox for safe keeping. You can change the operating system of your phone, you can change how the lock works, etc. Pretty much anything on your phone is adaptable with the right app. The iphone? Well, what you see is what you get. With the iPhone you'll never add to it or change it.What about apps? Here I must admit the iPhone has a few more quality apps since its app store has been around a little longer. However, android has many great apps as well and is constantly adding. Android market is also on average much cheaper than the iPhone app store.There you go, Droid X the answer to the iPhone.

I love my Droid X.  It is by far the best mobile phone that I have ever owned.  Super HD, and I love the fast broadband hotspot.  I was on vacation literally in the middle of nowhere, I was able to run a mandatory guild ICC run in WOW on my laptop.  While I would not recommend doing this all the time, it was great to be able to.

Droid X's 4.3" screen rocks.  Large screen and bigger keyboard allows me to read texts easily and type faster.  I don't think I will ever go back to smaller screen phones.  1GHz processor helps smoother and faster scrolling and speedy web browsing.  I had some concerns about Droid X's size but turned-out it's not an issue for me at all since I usually carry the phone in my purse.  It also got a decent camera great for social events where a bigger SLR camera is not suited. It takes pretty decent pictures in well lighted indoor even with the flash turned-off.  The reception appears to be somewhat better than Droid Incredible and original Droid.  Inside Cinemark movie theater in Boca Raton, Droid X shows 3G/3bars, friend's Droid Incredible shows 3G/1bar, and husband's old Droid shows 1x/1bar.  Got a longer battery life over husband's old Droid. Over all, I am very happy with my new Droid X.

My travels with 4" phones:(I'm placing this on both the EVO and Droid X page as its equally relevant to both)EVO  [by HTC]HTC EVO 4G Android Phone (Sprint)Having owned (3) successive Windows Mobile powered HTC handsets, a Touch, Touch Pro and a Touch Pro II (on a free upgrade)... I anxiously waited for, and picked-up, the EVO on launch day.Positives:- screen size (love reading e-books and web browsing wherever I go!)- Android 2.1 operating system (in particular, speech-to-text functionality!)- HTC's Sense User Interface (UI)- Aesthetics (looks great)Surprisingly though, I found I could NOT live with:- Inexcusably poor battery life- hypersensitive touch screen and thus, inaccurate on-screen keyboard  [Am I the only one that had this reaction???]- hypersensitive soft touch function keys- underwhelming still and video performanceSo, reluctantly, I returned it after 32 days (with some groveling) to get...The Droid "X"  [by Motorola]Motorola DROID X Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)A few days later, on a whim, went over and grabbed the last Droid X on its launch day at my local Costco (30-day trial instead of the only 15 allowed at the Verizon stores!).As a happy Sprint customer, I assumed I was just using it to get "my fix" and avoid going back to that now-antiquated Windows "brick" I still owned outright... suplize!I LOVE the Droid X!- The screen's touch sensitivity is calibrated perfectly! (it registers a press just when you want it to... and doesn't when you don't! Very similar to the iPhone)- Excellent performance for the (4) lower hardware "function" keys- Hardware shutter button for the camera is a shocking improvement over EVO's virtual on-screen analog. (here too, usability is dramatically improved)- Kick-ass video and stills output again puts the EVO to shame.- OS runs noticeably faster...- AND... the slightly smaller battery seemed to last at least 30-40 percent longer!?Disappointments: (I can think of only two):- Motorola's ugly variant MotoBlur 2 UI (tolerable... but lame)- When held normally, the phone's dimensions make reaching the top of the screen difficult. (...and I'm 6'3!)EPIC  [by Samsung] [Available on Sprint as of Aug 31, 2010]Sadly, my time with my new friend is now up and I've grudgingly decided to reserve two Epics (My Girley's Palm Centro is also gassed!) for the following reasons:- Personally, I prefer a slider keyboard... though now I'm thinking, with the right phone, I could probably live without it.- I'm motivated to remain with Sprint because the network performs at least as well as Verizon here in L.A. at 75% of the price (though VZ still has the best customer service)- Sprint gave me a free Airave (signal booster) without a monthly fee by just asking. (I now get 5 bars in the house instead of 3).- And, as oft mentioned by others, its tech specs are enticing...NOT enticing: again, as others have said:- poor UI design- Bland aesthetics (clearly the least attractive looking handset of the bunch)- .3" smaller screen (every bit matters... I guess I'm of two minds here)- Unresolved GPS issues which call into question Samsung's build quality and support- Historically poor software support for OS upgrades.I guess we'll see how it goes...Who knows, if it's a bomb... by then, the Dell Lightning may be out...  ;)Hope this helps!Struggling over which of these amazing phones is best is a great problem to have.

Ever since I got this phone I am like a kid in a candy store.  This phone has it all in 2010.  Forget iPhone and the rest, they can all take notes!  This thing integrates seemless with the PC, and the web - it's almost intelligent.  Don't know a single person who is not thrilled with this product.  4G, you ask?  When there is a network that will really support it, we'll talk about it.  By then, Android will be that much more potent!

Hi recently upgraded to the droid x and within a week found out the droid X2 was coming out so I returned the X and upgraded to the X2.  Both are great phones with a lot of similarities, the big difference is whats in side the X2.  If you can get a good deal on the X1 get it, you will be happy it has a great display, cool 4.3inch display and plenty of options but for the 100 dollars more or whatever the difference is if you can swing it, it may be worth it to get the X2.  The X2 has the same 4.3 inch display plus a qhd higher resolution screen.  X2 is the first dual core processor for verizon so it packs some power over the older x1.  The best feature to me is mirror mode which when using a mini hdmi cord(purchased through amazon saved 15 dollars), displays whatever you are looking at on your phone on your hi-def tv.  All in all you cant go wrong with the X1 or X2 and I wantede to let you know differences before you purchase previous model, it may be worth it to you to spend a little more and get a X2, or save some dollars and get the X1 which should keep most extremely happy.  F.Y.I.-all the droid X accesories work for either droid so if you already have X1 and want to upgrade all your cases and everything will still work.  Hope this helps someone, and happy shopping!

I love this phone, don't get me wrong, but somebody PLEASE create a stylus that has a soft warm tip that can type on these touchscreen keyboards that naturally have to be so small. That's all I ask... I KNOW somebody out there can come up with a solution.

The Droid X is a hell of a phone. It almost makes my laptop obsolete, capability-wise, and comes startlingly close to the utility of my desktop as well. Here's why:-Lightspeed Internet browsing; if the 3G is strong, that Snapdragon processor flies through page after page, just as fast (if not faster) than most ethernet and wi-fi connections. If the 3G is bad, you can always try wi-fi, which isn't quite as fast, but very convenient to have.-Awesome selection of apps; Okay, so the iPhone has some 40k+ apps. That's great, but most of them suck/are useless. The Droid has somewhere around 3,500 apps right now (I think), and though a great many of them seem useless as well, there are just as many quality ones as are available for the iPhone, and more of the Droid's are free.-Easy to use; despite the vast array of things this phone can do, I found it pretty easy to learn my way around it within the first day or so. I'm sure there are still plenty of things I don't know about, but I've thus far been able to utilize everything I've needed.-Good sound quality; I have one of the new iPod touches, and I find the sound quality of the Droid X's speakers to be far better. Some people complained about the sound, but I can only assume they are audiophiles and go by the "If it's not perfect I don't like it" rule, because for a cell phone the audio is more than adequate.-Amazing picture clarity; the screen on this phone is absolutely beautiful. It's great for watching videos, and gives you a huge amount of space to view things and browse the web. The HDMI capability is sweet, too, though I have yet to try it.-8 MP camera; Excellent for a cellphone. The new iPhones only feature a 5 MP, though both can record in HD.-Swype texting; For those who don't know, Swype is a system of touch-texting where you drag your finger across the letters of a word then lift it and the word is "typed." Now, at least to me, everything about this sounds like it shouldn't work, but it does; awesomely. The system is very intuitive, and if it doesn't know exactly what word you meant to swype, it gives you a list of 8 words it might be (the first or second word on the list is usually the right one). Once you overcome the initial awkwardness of swyping, it becomes much easier and faster than regular texting, even on the verticle keyboard.But, like most things in life, it is not without its flaws:-Battery life; Yup, it's not the best... but what can you expect? The battery has to power this enormous high-definition screen, as well as handle internet browsing, texting, calls, and whatever else you might do with the phone. If you use the "Advanced Task Killer" app, which keeps certain programs from running when not in-use and eating up excess battery, you can squeeze a significant amount of extra time out of each charge. It also helps to turn the phone off at night when you charge it, if this is not already habitual. I hope they come out with an extended battery soon, but I wish they'd just put a better one in it in the first place, since I'm 100% sure they knew this would be an issue.-Size; many people have compared this to an iPod and concluded that it's "not that much bigger at all," but this phone is still a brick in your pocket. It isn't too heavy, but it's dimensions make it awkward to fit in many pockets, and it sorta feels like holding a brick when it's in your hand, too. This is necessary for the size of the screen though, which was the entire point of this phone model, so I can't complain too much here.-Fragility; This is not something I know for sure, but I think I can safely assume that although this phone is a brick, that brick is made of glass. The first thing I did after buying the phone was buy the most sturdy case I could find (Body glove), because I do NOT want to find out what happens if you drop this phone even once. I'm pretty sure that would be game over, so if you are prone to dropping your cell, either consider a sturdier phone or buy insurance.Overall, the positives far outweigh the negatives in my opinion. I am very impressed with Motorola's newest Droid, and am anxiously awaiting that extended life battery...

The specs on the Droid X are impressive, however buying a Motorola phone has become a terrible idea with their current trends.  Motorola has delayed updates to their current phones multiple times (Motorola Cliq users are up in arms as I type this since Motorola is the ONLY Android phone manufacturer that this has phones operating Android 1.5.  See [...] for more info).On top of poor support Motorola is locking capabilities out of their phones to prevent the owners of said phones from upgrading the phones themselves (as of right now Motorola is the only Android manufacturer to do this).The Droid X is a pretty nice phone when you look at the specs, but it is by no means a top of the line phone.  Phones like the HTC Evo, the Nexus One, and Samsung's new Vibrant line are all better alternatives when you look at nothing more than phone specs.  Add in Motorola's continued degradation in service and you're simply looking at purchasing a future headache in the Droid X.

I  have been using the Droid X for about a week. Prior to that I used the original Verizon Droid and the Droid Incredible. Both were good Android phones but I found the Droid had sub-par audio quality when I used it and the Droid Incredible Sense UI (which I did re-skin with Launcher Pro) was more work to get around than a more (but not totally) stock Android.So I upgraded to the Droid X.Audio quality in my testing is much better. It's likely due to the extra microphones that help to drown background noise. The navigation is smooth and quick. I never had problems with lags on my prior to Verizon Androids either.What I really like is the bigger screen. The device is naturally larger (to accomodate the big screen) and I've not found that to be a problem. More screen real estate makes it easier to read email, visit web sites and arrange icons on your desktop.The stock Motorola UI is pretty good. I've since replaced it with Launcher Pro and the only thing I really miss is the contact widget. I'm awaiting the next upgrade to Android (Froyo) which will deliver the ability to place a direct link to a specific contact number on your desktop.Battery life has been as good or better than the Incredible. I find that whenever I've read a gushing review about great battery life that the reviewer follows up with some type of "of course I'm shutting everything down -- GPS/WIFI -- when not in use). I'm not really micromanaging the power and in regular use I'm getting about a day (5am to 5pm). You'll do better if you shut some of the things like GPS/WIFI down when not in use  (which my personal pet peeve is that I shouldn't have to shut these things down - after all it's why I bought a smartphone in the first place).The Droid X is a great upgrade. No concerns on the size being too large. I actually believe that you'll see more competitors adopt the 4 to 4.3" screen size as a standard.

Fantastic phone....does everything & more. Love market for apps. Downloads plenty of music & games. Navigation superb. The only complaint that I have is you cannot zoom in when using camcorder :-(

The Good:* Great call quality* Solid overall messaging* Android OS* Android Market and tons of free apps* Rich multimedia experience* Free navigation softwareThe Bad:* Exchange support from stock app is lacking even with FroyoBottom Line:  The Droid X is great multifaceted smartphone that will become an integral part of your daily life.My detailed usage based review follows.Call Quality:  Let's face it.  It doesn't matter how cool all of the other features are if a phone doesn't perform well on the original intent of cell phones.  The Droid X, however, happens to excel in this area.  I had a Motorola flip phone about five years ago, and I loved the call quality it provided.  It doesn't matter if it is a regular call, speakerphone, or on Bluetooth, the Droid X has outstanding voice clarity and volume on both ends of the call.Form Factor:  One of my biggest worries with the Droid X was how big it is.  To satisfy my concerns, I went to a Verizon store and asked if I could see what one would feel like in a case attached to my belt.  It is by far the biggest phone I've had lengthwise, but I haven't found it to be a problem.  It also feels good in your hand much the same way that the Harmony One Remote does (see my review).  Don't fear the bulk of the Droid X because what you get in return is well worth it.Bluetooth:  Speaking of Bluetooth, I started out by pairing the Droid X with myJabra EXTREME Bluetooth Headset(see my review).  While I had read inconsistent information on this topic, my experience is that voice commands worked over Bluetooth.  The Bluetooth radio (even if not connected to a device) does put an extra drain on the battery of the Droid X.  I keep it turned off unless I am planning to use a Bluetooth device.Messaging:  The Droid X has support for a myriad of messaging capabilities including text, G-Mail, and Corporate Exchange Servers.  While Android provides a Universal Inbox, I prefer to view messages separately by type.  Fortunately Android lets you access your message the way that you want to.  I have to admit that I was hesitant to go with the Droid X for messaging because I have had an LG V, EnV, and a BlackBerry Curve 8330 (see my reviews) so I was very attached to a phone with a physical keyboard.  However, I have been very pleased with the virtual keyboards on the Droid X.  I enabled Swype entry which allows you to trace the letters of the word you want to type and automatically adds spaces between words.  I played with this feature in a Verizon store before purchasing, and I would recommend anyone who is hesitant to do likewise.  With my text entry concerns addressed the Droid X is a highly capable messaging phone.  One final note, though, is that the Exchange support is pretty sketchy with the stock client after I upgraded to Froyo.  I will be purchasing either RoadSync from DataViz or Touchdown.  I have trial versions of both installed.  Each works well at a basic level, but there is a cost difference.Android:  I'm combining a few attributes here.  The Droid X comes with 7 home screens preconfigured, but users have almost limitless customizing capabilities on how the screens are laid out.  I use very few "widgets" (Motorola or Android) because most of these maintain data connections or otherwise drain the battery.  As such I lean toward application shortcuts instead, and I get my information on demand.  The great thing is that you can tailor your user experience to suit your needs and concerns.Also, coming from a BlackBerry I was absolutely thrilled with Android Market.  There is no comparison between Android Market and BlackBerry App World.  Whether its performance or selection of apps, Android Market wins in a landslide.  Also as one would expect, Google provides apps that are only available for Android such as Sky Map which is very cool.  There are also apps aplenty for news, sports, weather, social media, and the list goes on and on.Multimedia:  This is the first phone that I've given serious consideration to multimedia on.  The stock music app is OK, but there are many alternatives available for free from Android Market.  I am currently using MixZing which produces good sound, good features, and a decent user interface.  Android market also has apps for Pandora, Slacker Radio, and Last.fm to name a few.  I don't think the sound on mp3's is as good as it is on myCreative Zen X-Fi MP3 Player.  The X-Fi processing produces a quality of sound that is hard to beat.  However, I will be switching my mobile video watching (mostly from Amazon Video On Demand) from my Zen X-Fi to my Droid X because the screen is much larger.  I can also watch HD videos too.  I can't do the quality of the display justice in words.  You've just got to see it.  When connected via Wi-fi, I love watching YouTube videos with the "HQ" option turned on.  The multimedia experience on the Droid X is really, really good.It is also great on the capturing side.  The 8 Mp camera takes sharp pictures, and I was surprised at the quality of video capture.  I have used theFosmon HDMI to Micro HDMI Cable (5 Feet)(see my review) to view both on my Magnavox TV, and the results are unbelievable.Navigation:  I am also shocked at how much better Google Maps performs on the Droid X vs. my Curve.  I'm sure some of it has to do with the increased horsepower on the Droid X.  The navigation app is also pretty well done for something that is included with the device.  It is not as full featured as a Garmin, but it should satisfy most basic navigation needs.  It does give spoken turn by turn directions, and I found the routes to be pretty reasonable.  It's hard to argue with having one less device to carry and not having to pay anything additional to do it.Games:  I'm not the biggest gamer in the world, but there are plenty of free games in the Android Market that appeal to me too.  I have word and number games along with various card and domino games.Overall:  The Droid X is a must have device.  It does so many things well without messing up the basic phone functionality.  I'm very pleased with having made the switch from my BlackBerry, and I have not looked back.  Highly recommended.

This phone has absolutely been fantastic for me in everything that I throw at it.  While there are some software bugs that can cause it to freeze, all in all this is a great piece of hardware worth buying for a Verizon customer in need of a smartphone.PROS:Size - This phone is big, but in a good way.  Browsing the internet, playing games, and watching videos is a blast.  Having the bigger surface really makes internet browsing a breeze.  This is the primary reason most people will buy this phone, and it does not disappoint.Call Clarity - As soon as I got this phone people were commenting on how much clearer my voice sounded.  The speaker clairty is also great, and I've noticed I'm able to hear my friends and family a lot better than I used to be able to.Google Navigation - This was the primary reason I decided to go with this phone versus the others.  I have been looking for a car gps, and then a friend told me about Google Navigation.  So far for navigating (in the Western PA area) it has been flawless.  The larger screen makes this a great replacement for a car mounted GPS.  I just bought a cheap car mount off the internet, snap my phone in and I'm set.  You can be listening to Pandora or Slacker Radio in the background, and when a turn comes up the volume dims and you hear the voice navigation speak the directions.  All in all I am pleasantly surprised at this free service Google offers on their Androids.CONS:U.I. (Very Minor)- This is a matter of personal preference, and if you love the Motorola U.I. please disregard this.  I personally could not get used to the "MotoBlur" U.I., while its not horrible I was looking for something more.  Doing a quick internet search for various launcher modifiers, I found one that fit the bill perfectly and has made this phone better than ever.  In short the stock U.I. left a little to be desired, but I was able to find a replacement through the Android Marketplace.  Again this is a matter of taste, and honestly not a huge ordeal.  It is easily fixable with a marketplace download of a launcher variation of your choice.Hard-crashes - This is the biggie causing the star to be dropped.  After my 2.2 update, every once and a while the phone hard freezes needing a battery pull.  It is not frequent by any means, but it always seems to happen at the most inopportune times causing frustration.  I've owned competitor's phones in the past, and they were just as bad.  I'm hoping that Google will fix this in a future software update, but until then I must drop one star.

I switched from a Blackberry Curve to the Droid X and I absolutely hate the new phone.  It has a slow processor, it's unreliable requiring frequent reboots, and the interface is horribly non-intuitive compared to the Blackberry Curve.  I want to say it's worse than the Palm Treo, but I think I'd be exaggerating... a little.I wish 2 things regarding my decision to get the Droid X:1) I wish I waited for the next generation of Blackberry phone2) Considering I wanted a new phone this summer, I really should have gone with the HTC Incredible instead of this awful phone.  I've seen the HTC phone in action, it appears to have a much faster working processor, far more reliability and appears to be a little more user friendly.  Heck, even the packaging for this phone was terrible.I loved my old Motorola Startac and I was really hoping after a decade of lousy cell phones that Motorola had gotten it right again.  Now I feel like an idiot and I'm stuck trying to return this lousy piece of junk.

Read the ONE STAR reviews here, this is a balky phone on an overloaded 3G network that will drive you nuts. Freezes up, apps like maps can't connect for no reason. You'll need movie lights from a 60's movie camera to used the video camera in low light. Verizon/google force feed advertisements that can't be deleted (like Blockbuster, remember them?) that consume memory and battery life. "Updates" to the operating system are forced, an early one prevented the use of non Motorola branded batteries. I am resisting the second "update" which will prevent the use of "AppKiller" to stop an ap (like maps)from running the battery down in hours unless you go through menus to shut it down. I get a update now screen every 2 to 12 hours which gum up the phone even worse. My battery life is down to 12 hours. I have spent MANY hours with VERIZON on the phone, email, and in the stores.. they blame it on GOOGLE. Ever try to complain to google?Verizon / Google run this system like BIG BROTHER and you're paying for it while force fed their advertising clients. I used to think Google was the greatest but they have gone the way of corporate greed, and now they've partnered up with everyone's favorite: SONY!When the two year contract commitment is over I'm outta here Verizon.

Gave up my 2 year old i-phone so we could save money on a Verizon family plan (never loved ATT anyhow).  I am computer savvy but don't really enjoy technology for the sake of technology - I see it as a tool that is supposed to make my life easier.  Therefore, I get frustrated when I pick up a piece of technology and must spend hours trying to figure out how to make it work.  I loved the fact that I got the i-phone and could work 75% of the features the first day without any help.  Not a jumble of hidden menus, all pretty much right there.  I enjoyed picking it up to find out what it could do and never felt inept using it.  The Droid X is quite the contrary.  A week later I am still somewhat avoiding it as I get lost in the menus and can not quite get a handle on it.  Importing contacts is supposed to be easy - through my gmail account, but someone I messed that up and can't do it.  I am sure after I get it figured out, I will think it fabulous, but I would definitely not recommend it for those who don't have the patience for complicated electronics - stick to the i-phone if you want web browsing, email, a good camera, great map feature, music and great apps with an ok phone.What I do really like about the Droid X is the slide out keyboard, as I can use my fingernails to click on the keys much more accurately that the i-phone touch screen, plus you have numbers and punctuation right there together.  Makes typing emails much easier. Slightly larger size is the price you pay for this, but since it does not go in my pocket, not a problem.The on/off button on the DROID X I also find frustrating because it is so small and seems hard to find a push.  The i-phone button is easy to find and uses your thumb which is much stronger and less awkward for those of us who have small hands.Teckno-junkies will love this phone.  The regular folks, spend some time with it and the options before you buy!Update - If I could have my i-phone back, I would take it.  The on/off button at the top is driving me crazy as I can never find it easily like I can on the i-phone where it is easy to tell which side is up.  The GPS thinks I am over 1/2 mile from where I really am (on the i-phone I used to use it for navigating while riding my bike and it was always spot on when it zoomed - when it was not zoomed it let you know it was not giving you an accurate location.)  I got my contacts imported which I will admit was easier with the Droid when I figured it out (using G-mail).  The quality of the photos was much better on the i-phone even though the resolution was not as high.  The whole interface was simpler and more intuitive on the i-phone.

When I bought this I was completely impressed by it, and all the power it hands you. However since then it has revealed itself to be a terrible terrible product. The only way you would keep this 2 years is if you were locked into a contract, such as American "freemarket" capitalism demands. ha ha.* Each Droid phone comes loaded with free CarrierIQ! Revealed this week to be Droid's spyware that secretly records everywhere you go; and transmits your sensitive data to its financial interests; and now, there's a lawsuit: [...]* Shuts off on its own three times a day. Think it's a reboot issue? Not when it fails 20 seconds after you reboot. * It fails ALL the time.* No restart button - YOU turn it off... and... YOU turn it back on when there's a problem. How long will it be till the dense development team (that just added "Airplane mode to the power on/off options) figure this one out?* Slide the phone in your pocket and it shuts off; with no response to any key. Remove battery to reboot. You'll do this three times a day.* Verizon 'pushes' updates to you in the middle of the night that change all the apps, and you have no ability to decline/refuse them.* Stupid unmarketable, unsearchable names for apps, that defy you to find less than 4 billion wrong search results online (The local GPS search app is called 'Places.' The mapping tool is called 'Maps.' Wow, that's dumb.)* It has the biggest screen available, but when you switch modes in the camera, they slide one button at at time across your screen (with a short delay after each). Insanely stupid!* Noticeable delays after every button is pushed.* If you're flying to New York this afternoon, and want to use the GPS to search the neighborhood you'll be staying in for activities & restaurants, you simply can't. It's so dumb, you have to physically be in the place before the GPS can assist you in planning your day.* Once you plug in the address you want, it's about 9 clicks (while driving) to get it into navigation mode.* If you need to use the GPS later, turn it on now! Because the GPS searches for a signal for about 15 minutes before it can help you.* The GPS guides you to places that don't exist, and your recourse? Press the "Destination is not here" button, which does absolutely nothing but remind them to fix it at some date. The GPS has taken me two miles out of my way and then told me to make a U-turn and go back to an address I already passed.* Although you're able to put any number of app icons on the desktop (7 pages wide) there is no way to dedicate one of your 7 screens to the interface itself. A desktop icon saves a user almost no time. It removes one click. Big whup.* The phone interface is confusing. Half the time you press a person's phone number and think you've dialed, but you haven't, because to dial you have to hit the persons phone number a 2nd or 3rd time. It's three or more clicks after you locate your friend's name in the directory before "call mode" occurs. It's also difficult to know if you've hung up initially.* Stupid interface inconsistencies. They finally 'pushed' the thumb-tab slider from the phone index to the music player... So why is there not a thumb slider for screen-upon-screen of scrolling apps? When are you going to figure that one out, Droid? Worse, When you have 800 songs in your music player, the thumb tab is a completely hopeless, inaccurate way to scroll, jumping over two dozen songs with each slide. Scroll over inthe song title area (for more accuracy) and every time you lift your finger it plays the song you touched to slide and search! So start you search over!* The camera (even with a Verizon-pushed update/reboot that placed a meta button on the screen) is an appalling piece of garbage. Droid shouldn't even advertise that this has a camera on it. There is virtually no way to hold this thing stable on its very thin edges and depress either button. You have to stabilize the whole thing with your left hand, while depressing the very resistant shutter button with your right hand. The camera can't focus. It can't be stabilised, and when you press the button, and you have to remain frozen like a statue for the three second delay that follows every time you press the shutter button. Enjoy your blurry photos!* The biggest objection though is that the apps are incredibly invasive, and the pitifully old school Congress can't even figure out this stuff needs to be reined in (or they've already sold out to the phone/satellite companies.) They wouldn't allow Microsoft to bundle Internet Explorer in their OS (!) but this thing forces Google and Gmail on you. It reaches Orwellian levels, and the masses should be vocally angry about it. The UCSA (United Corporate States of America) takes more and more power from you everyday.Verizon phone support is average, but they get low marks from me for the excessive number of robo-routing questions you have to answer.I cannot wait to dump this thing. But I'm locked in - in America's "freemarket" (!) system - to 2 years.

Motorola DROID X Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)I had been holding out for the iPhone, but had refused to move over to AT&T; from my Verizon service, which I have been totally satisfied with these past 6 years or so. When the DROID-X was announced, I began reading the reviews and looking over the specs. The more I read, the more impressed I became.However, most of the reviews trashed the operating system, Android 2.1, so I keep looking, reading, and doing nothing. As luck would have it, my old Verizon phone, the LG Versa, got its windshield cracked and I was unable to view the display. So it was time to act. I had talked the talk, now I needed to walk the walk.The Verizon people spent a lot of time with me discussing the plans and options, features of the phone, etc. So I gave them a few hundred bucks and ordered the DROID-X. The first good surprise was it came in a week early.  As part of the "package" I purchased the leather carrying case, the Multimedia docking station, and the 32GB SD Card upgrade.Size MattersNow I had read that the graphic display was not as good as the iPhone, but in reality, it is wonderful. The larger size (4.3") screen is impressive and the virtual keyboard fits my fat fingers perfectly. The touch screen is at least as good as the iPhone (and iPod Touch which I previously owned). Being slightly larger, everything appears brighter to me than the iPhone, I don't see how the resolution could be any better than the 480x854 resolution (the iPhone is 960x640 and the screen size is 3.5" so obviously the resolution is better, but I cannot see it). For those apps that support it, the display can be either portrait or landscape. It takes about a second to change over. While the Droid-X is notable larger than the iPhone (and I believe almost any other phone on the market today), it is not heavy. I did a side by side weight comparison with my LG Versa phone and they felt about the same to me.  Its official weight is about 5.5 ozs.NavigationScrolling is a breeze. Works perfectly, never selects unwanted objects while scrolling, and is only limited by the speed of the downloading, which I found more than adequate, especially since I am used to Comcast high speed internet access on the Sony Win7 PC. There are 5 different home screens, and each can be customized to a theme, or you can just put stuff on them if that is what you want. They do share a common background/wallpaper, however.Operating SystemI read a lot of negative things regarding Android 2.1. However, my phone came with Android 2.2 and I have not had any problems at all. It is truly a multi-tasking operating system, I can play music, download files and navigate through apps all at the same time with no noticeable delays. Now you need to understand that I am used to dealing with Microsoft windows, so my expectations are very low for any operating system. So far, I am pleased with Android 2.2, I have found no glitches, and my phone has only frozen once and that was caused by the SD Card (needed to be reformatted for this specific phone). The integration between apps and operating system is mostly seamless, but again, every specific app has its own characteristics and quirks.Dropped CallNever ~ that's why I stay with Verizon. Coverage is better than AT&T;, as I have verified over and over again during my travels across the US. I get coverage everywhere I go. Period.Camera/VideoThe 8MB camera built into the Droid-X is actually better than my 8MB Canon SD870 IS. The pictures are clearer and the videos are far superior. Droid-X claims video resolution is HD720P and I have no reason to doubt that spec. To view the photos and video, I used the basic app [Gallery] that came as the default app. I have paid good money for photo display apps on my PC that aren't near as nice as this one. It seamlessly integrates video with photos, so I can walk-through everything instead of going to a different folder or display setting. Since my HDMI cable has not yet arrived, I cannot test the upload to PC or TV capability, which is the true test of any video (anything looks good on a 4" monitor but how about a 40" monitor?).  Still, HD720P is 720P so it should look good on any size screen. Digital Zoom - Yes, Flash - Yes. What else do you need to know. Just go and take some pictures. As far as sound is concerned, the Droid-X had 3 mics, and one is used for noise-canceling, and during my headphone sound test, I was able to clearly hear the birds singing and chirping in our back yard. Now, the iPhone 4 does have one very big advantage over the Droid-X, a front facing camera. If you are using video phone or Skype, that would be a handy feature to have, to be sure.AppsOk, so Android does not have a million apps like the iPhone. Oh, boo hoo. There are thousands of apps and I'm sure there will be millions at some point but who really cares. It took me over an hour to go through just the free apps offered in "The Market". I found a dozen or so that I started with, and most of them were fun, entertaining, informative or whatever they were suppose to be. I'll just get into a few specific apps in this review, and the rest ~ download them and see for yourself. The Droid-X had 8GB of internal memory dedicated just to apps and the operating system. That doesn't really sound like a lot to me, as I have a T-byte drive on my PC and it is somehow getting filled up with who knows what. But, after downloading apps all day, I still had 6.26GB remaining, so I guess I shouldn't worry too much about it ~ download away!EmailVerizon hooked me up with both Google gMail and linked in my Comcast email account. I haven't used the gMail account but the Comcast account works flawlessly and pressing a single email icon retrieves my inbox. Also, one of those 5 menu screens I previously spoke of contains the inbox right there on the menu screen, so what could be easier. Of course, this is only a copy of the email so I have to delete emails in two places now, but that is not a big deal to me. For those of you who get 100s of emails a day (and I know who some of you are), you would be advised to download some sync software, otherwise you will be spending a lot of time managing your email files.MusicThe primary reason I wanted an iPhone was for the music. My wife and I have several iPods and we use iTunes to manage all of our music, so I was a little worried about how that would all workout with the Droid-X.  My previous experience with cell phones that play music (i.e. LG Versa & ENV2) is that they Suck (yes, that is the technical term). So I was forced to carry the cell phone and my iPod when I went on any trip or walked the mall, or whenever I wanted to listen to some good ole rock `n roll.Those days are over. My very first downloaded app was DoubleTwist, which is free. It has both a PC and phone component. Once you download the PC component, it auto-syncs with your iTunes library, and builds links to all songs stored in iTunes with the exceptions of songs purchased through the iTunes store. As soon as I hooked the phone to my PC via the supplied USB cable, it began to download [sync] all of my music to the SD Card in the phone. I have almost 3,000 songs so that took a couple of hours to complete. Please note that all Verizon phones want you to download V-Cast, but avoid the temptation since that software, well how should I say it, well it sucks too.Once all of my music was downloaded, I just touch the DoubleTwist app icon and I am off and listening. I only use the shuffle function, but DT imported all of my playlists, so there are lots of options regarding how to select and play your music.The unexpected bonus is that the other Music player app that was preinstalled in the Droid-X also plays my music, and I can even play it when the phone is in the multi-media charger by pressing the > music icon. What could be easier.Pandora RadioAnother free app you simply cannot live without if you are a music lover. Once you download the software, you can pick an artist or category of music and Pandora Radio will dynamically build you a playlist. There is a 30 second commercial every 15 minutes or so, but someone has to pay the bill for free music, so I did not find this too annoying.BlueTooth SupportI have the Nokia BH-905 Bluetooth Wireless Stereo Headphones, and I was able to pair these headphones to my Droid-X on the very first try. Now, with those other phones (the ones I previously mentioned that sucked), they would switch to mono every time I turned on the music, and if you pressed pause, then goodbye music. Ugh. The Droid-X interacts with my Nokia headphones seamlessly (have I used that word here before?)  All functions [volume, next song, last song, pause] work from the headphones as well as directly from the phone (I have trouble calling the Droid-X a "phone" because that does not begin to describe this device).  With those other "phones" the music would often skip, stutter, or even squeak.  None of these "special effects" have occurred since I starting using the Droid-X. The sound for both my music and Pardora Radio is incredible. I've never heard better sound quality from any MP3 music player, and I've owned quite a few of them. Speaking of seamless, I got a phone call while listening to my music, and it automatically switched over after a couple of beeps ~ so be carefully if you are singing along to the music as I was at the time ~ oh embarrassment!. Once the caller "hung up" the music starting playing again, from the exact point it left off, and I was back to my singing (but I have decided to keep my day job). I will eventually learn how to turn-off  the phone's auto-answer while I am in music mode, since there are definitely some people I don't want to talk to (most have 877 numbers).Battery LifeAnytime you run multiple apps concurrently, you drain the battery (battery 101). Just make sure that you don't leave the apps running, which is not always as easy as it sounds. Since the Droid-X is a multi-tasking device, you can be playing music, downloading apps, and navigating through your email at the same time. If the battery becomes an issue, download Advanced Task Killer and use that to terminate unwanted app run-on. Personally, I do not find that the battery discharges any quicker than those other lesser phones (those phones that suck, remember).Upgradable SD CardThe Doid-X comes standard with a 16GB "user" memory card installed. I opted for the 32GB upgrade since I am known as a data snob and carry around an 8GB flash drive in my pocket. After loading my 3000 or so songs, I still had over 5GB left on the original 16GB card, so maybe I didn't need the 32GB card after all. I'll throw it in a drawer and if I ever need it, I'll just pop it in, re-sync my music and I'll be set for another 4000 songs or 40 hours of video. Now the lesson learned here is that you should go with the original 16GB card and not pay the $100-150 for the 32GB Upgrade if you don't need it today. As we all know, next month it will be $89, then $79 and within a year you'll probably be able to buy it for a $1 or so. But hay, we are all entitled to make a mistake, and this was mine.3G Mobil HotspotNow I did have to pay the $30 per month for the unlimited data plan, but I did not pay the $20 for the 5 user WiFi hotspot upgrade. Let someone else pay for their internet connection ~ not me. The Droid-X does come with WiFi built in and I have already connected to both my home network and TGI Friday's network. It takes less than a minute to connect. The only advantage to the WiFi connection vs. the phone network connection is the download speed. However, I could not tell much difference in the speed, so the only time I will probably use the WiFi is on a plane, or some other special situation where my phone service is not available. Note: Using the WiFi feature does eat the battery, so be careful out there.Multi-Media Docking Station AccessoryThe other accessory I opted for in my "bundle" was the multi-media docking station. Yea, I love it. When you dock the phone to the station, it automatically turns into a giant clock/weather station. Even with music going and the display running, the phone charges in no time, unlike my last phone that took literally hours to charge through the PC USB connection. The docking station also provides for an HDMI connection, so if your Droid-X is located near a PC that has an HD Input (My Sony Does) or an HD TV monitor, you can stream your videos or photos to that output device through the push of an icon or two. Wow, What power!In Summary* Bigger than a Breadbox ~ Yes* Better than Sliced Bread ~ Yes* Able to leap tall building ~ You Bet* Do I love it ~ Ahhhh Yes

Do buy into the hype....  I actually tried to write this review on the Droid, and gave up because of the bad performance of the phone.  Lockups, lockups, lockups.  3-5 times a day - I pull the battery to reset.  This is my second phone, the first one had keyboard problems.  (It locked-up alot also)  No place to HOLD the phone without affecting the touchscreen.  Sometimes you can breathe on it and change three screens, other times you can beat the crap out of it with no effect.  I don't have big fingers, so I know that is not the problem.  Apps? Forget it, if you can't keep the 3G consistently indicator lit up on the phone, NOTHING WORKS...AT ALL.  J U N K  absolute JUNK.

OK - please bare in mind that when I got my Blackberry a few years ago, I thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. I LIVED on it in my work and personal life, and recommended it highly. The problems started over a year ago when BB couldn't seem to create a BB updater for MAC (which I am on). I won't bother with this story here, suffice it to say, it left the door open for me to consider something else....Admittedly, I would have gone in for the IPhone, but I am on Verizon exclusively, so all I could do was sit around and wonder.I was very intrigued by the first DROID, but wondered if alot of their claims were just hype as all new smart phones bill themselves as the next big thing (think Palm Pre - which now looks like the Edsel) so I waited. And read. And listened. And finally I fell in with all the suckers and decided to actually WAIT to own the Droid X.Well, today it arrived....And while discerning folks will note that I can't talk about bugs or fixes yet, what I can share after being on this phone all day today is this:1. The camera is SPECTACULAR -- and, hello BB, it actually has a flash! Who knew?2. The apps are incredible and literally make the BB offerings look embarassing3. The screen (and visually in general) makes the BB look like it's alot older than it actually is4. Call quality is superior5. Touch screen (which I was hesitant about) is excellent, and in many ways superior to BB's keyboard6. Simply put, the Android OS can do things that BB could only envy (voice-activated e-mail, texts, search)7. Integration across platforms is nothing (i.e. if you use Google Chrome this device is unbelievably easy to sync -- and even if you don't, good luck syncing BB with a MAC....seriously)8. This is really an addition to #7, but the truth is that BB never made ANY real attempts at integrating their device with the realities of the rest of what all of us rely on. In fact, I remember being excited when Google made an appfor BB...well, Google woke up and said f### BB, why don't we make our own phone?!? (or at least OS for many phones)Of all of these, #8 is why you should buy one.The End.

I've own many of the Verizon Wireless (VZW) smart phones including the Treo, Moto Q, XV6700, Saga, Omnia, Touch Pro, Blackberry Curve, Storm1, Tour, etc. I also owned the first Droid (D1) and thought at the time it was the best VZW phone I've ever owned. Well, Droid X (DX) has changed all of that.  The DX is now my favorite phone of all time.  But is it actually "better" than the D1?!?!?!?  Check out my review.PROS- The DX's X-tra large screen is beautiful.  The touch interface is very responsive. I feels like a powerful computer in your pocket.- DX is big but I don't think it's too big.  I could actually "do" a 5 inch phone if VZW ever sold one.  I use the DX one handed but I have big hands. ;-)  YMMV, however.- The screen size also makes typing on the screen easier.  I usually hate virtual keyboards but I like this one.- Web browsing on the big screen is a great experience.  I can see myself not using my iPad as much now (I would take it along to the barber, doctor's office, etc.).  When the DX gets Flash support, the iPad might be going to eBay. :)- HD Video recording capability is super great.- I actually like the new version of Moto Blur.  The re-sizable widgets are cool.  Plus you can remove anything you don't want to use.  I guess this wasn't the case with the original Moto Blur.  They just need to add a "close" button (or swipe to close) to the widgets so I don't have to reach down for the back button.- Battery life seems pretty good, much better than the Incredible.- FM Radio is actually pretty good.- DLNA support will allow you to browse media stored on your computers, wirelessly.- The DX is V Cast compatible.- The DX has all of the standard Android functionality including the best, free voice activated GPS known to man.  Need directions to "123 Main Street"?  Simply press the search button and say, "Navigate to 123 Main Street". Want to know where the closest Pizza place is? Say, "Map of Pizza".  Google voice navigation is unbelievably good.- The DX includes full Microsoft Exchange support.  I'm not sure if it includes remote wipe or other security features that were missing from the initial D1 release.CONS- I usually prefer physical buttons but the ones on the DX aren't that great.  They feel cheap.  Plus they are all the same height so you can't easily press the button you want without looking at the device.  This takes away one of the biggest advantages of having buttons.- Like many smart phones these days, DX doesn't have Send or End buttons.  I don't understand why companies make PHONES that don't include buttons for starting and ending a PHONE call!- Unlike D1, the DX power button is in the middle-top of the phone.  This probably helps out the lefties (the D1 power button is on the top-right). However, I don't like the extra reach for the power button.  I'm already reaching over a much larger device.- Motorola has locked/encrypted the boot loader on the DX.  Thus, it will be harder or impossible for third party developers to create custom roms for the DX.  I think this is a mistake.  Custom roms is one of the biggest reasons why the D1 was so popular.  The d1 put Android on the map.- "Free" wifi tether is not available at this time but hopefully soon.- The syncing software that comes with DX is nothing to write home about.  Syncing music, photos, and video to Android phones still remain a hassle.  Google needs to develop something like iTunes ASAP.  I read that they are working on a music service though...- I find it hard to put the DX in its desktop doc.- Haven't tried the camera much yet...VS BLACKBERRYI read that the growth of Android is more likely to hurt Blackberry (BB) than iPhone and I believe it.  I tried many phones and always went back to the BB for it's reliable and efficient email experience.  The keyboard, trackball, shortcuts, sleep case and more kept me very productive. Unfortunately, some of the BB advantages like push email, MS Exchange integration, unlimited messaging, etc. are now available on other platforms.  Add to that, the BB doesn't have many of the nice features or apps offered on other platforms.If 90% of what you do is send email and text messages, the BB is for you.  Other than that, I can't really recommend a 5.0 BB device anymore.  Hopefully BB OS 6 and the new web kit browser will change that.VS INCREDIBLEThe INC has a nice screen but it's hard to see in day light.  The INC also has incredibly bad battery life lol, possibly due to questionable signal strength.  I have to laugh when I read about people disabling stuff on their INCs just to get the battery to last a day.VS IPHONEI think the DX is one of the best alternatives to the iPhone, if not the best.  However, the advantage the iPhone has over the DX is really about the OS advantage. iOS offers better apps, better developer support, better integration with the desktop, and better overall user experience.  The fact that Google leaves android owners to fend for themselves to sync data from the desktop is an epic fail.  Sure, I can troll web forums, try several Market downloads, and get something to partially work. iPhone users don't have to do that.  Within 10 minutes of getting their new phone home, iPhone owners can sync music, video, apps, photos, files, video podcasts, video rentals, files, etc. to their phone.Also, custom roms are nice (DX doesn't even have this yet) but I don't think most consumers care about that.  Flash might be a big differentiator but for all we know, Apple may soon allow flash to run on iPhone 4.Until Google offers better desktop integration, the iPhone will maintain a significant advantage over Android phones.VS DROID 1This is a tough one...  For me, it really comes down to how much you value the bigger screen over custom roms and/or having a keyboard.  Some people may be interested in the DX's HD video recording as well.  I can't say which is better because it comes down to what features are most important to you.  I have to lean toward the DX being "better" at this point.  The bigger screen and faster processor makes it better than the stock D1.  If you hack the D1, all bets are off.  However, if the DX gets custom roms, overclocking, etc., I think it will become the clear winner, at least until Droid 2 comes out. :-)BOTTOM LINEI think the Droid X is best stock VZW phone available.  Its big screen makes it really a computer in your pocket.  The HD video recording capability is great. DLNA support is great.  I didn't even know an FM radio was included- nice!  Battery life so far has been really good, especially considering its big screen.  The DX offers just about anything you need in a phone sans the front facing camera.  This one device may replace a standalone mp3 player, gps, camera, camcorder, netbook, and possibly, an iPad.  The Droid X simply does it all.Is it the best Android phone on any carrier?  I haven't used the EVO so I can't say which I would like more.  VZW's voice network and customer service are better than Sprint's so the EVO loses in that respect.  The Incredible was crippled with poor battery life so that's a no-contest.  The only real, current competition is a hacked Droid 1, if you care about hacking your phone.  I personally don't care about custom roms.  For these reasons, I think the DX is the best Android phone to date.  However, the current champ may lose its belt to one of the many great phones that are coming out soon.  But at the end of the day, the real winner is the Consumer.  There will be many great devices to pick from and that's always a good thing.TIPS- Hitting the home button twice brings up the voice dial app.- For free USB or blue-tooth tethering to your laptop/netbook, try PDANet.- You can tether to your iPad!  You have to jailbreak the iPad and install the blue-tooth dial-up networking.  Search one of the iPad forums for details.

Early adopter, I pre-ordered and got this as soon as it was shipping, so I've had almost three months to play with it.  Other than the occasional hang (which can always be fixed by doing a hard power-off and power-on) I've had no problems with it.  I've had ZERO calls dropped which is miraculous since I live in a cell phone dead zone and every phone I've owned gets zero to one bars here.  Oddly, the 3g seems to work sometimes when I'm getting zero bars (I'm not sure of the technical aspect but I suspect they are actually separate networks??).  The built in browser using the "voice search" is absolutely a killer app.  The browsing speed is excellent whenever 3g is available (which is almost everywhere I go).  The voice recognition is excellent, and has recognized every name I've tried in my phone book (without pre-training the system like my previous VZ voice dialing required).  Also, finding and navigating to locations not in my phone book works great.  Example, I needed to return a video 15 minutes before closing and I didn't know where the closest Redbox dropoff was, so...you bring up voice search and say "Redbox...Pacifica California" and it brings up the nearest locations.  You can push the navigate icon and it brings you directly to the the GPS map and gives you turn by turn voice directions.  The voice recognition is pretty accurate.  I've only had to go to use a keyboard about 25% of the time for unusual names, it generally makes accurate guesses for businesses and common locations.  In California we have a hands-free phone law (with stiff fines), so it behooves you to use a headset.  The one-button voice dial feature is great since you don't have to actually look at the screen most of the time.On the downside, this is a techie dream phone which also makes it not 100% out of the box available for non-techies.  Almost everything is customizable, so you can add or subtract icons and widgets to your hearts content.  If you are a non-technical person, get the VZ guy to set it up for you in the simplest configuration and leave it that way.  Oddly, someone at VZ or Google decided that no-one would ever want a BLANK, uncluttered, background picture for their phone (like ME), so there is no option for this (that I could find anyway), so the quick workaround is to take a photo of a BLANK (black) background and use the picture as your default.  The battery life is not spectacular, but quite usable at over 4 hours of screen time (full brightness).  This is somewhat offset by having a REMOVABLE battery (take that iPhoop).  I got TWO batteries PLUS a charger for $13 on Ebay (they work great BTW), which I occasionally swap out when the battery is low and I can't get to a charger (only hassle is I'm using the protective skin and it makes it a little harder to get to the battery compartment).  You can get better battery life by turning off the GPS, wireless, and bluetooth (I use a wired mike in the car and when you bring up navigation it will automatically ask if you want to turn on the GPS, the 3g is already fast so the wireless feature is not really needed).I read a lot of books on the Droid X.  There is a Kindle app for Droid, and now I don't use the Kindle anymore.  It's easier to read in bed lying down and looking up (since it is self-lit and you don't need a reading light).  I can read for at least 4 hours before the battery goes (again I read with it set to 100% bright, so this is a stress test).  All in all, I'm 99% satisfied with the Droid X.Warning, after upgrading from OS 2.1 to 2.2 the call button on the wired mike no longer functions properly.  However, the Bluetooth headset works OK, so it looks like they broke the wired mike to make the Bluetooth work.  I much prefer the wired headset, since you will STILL need to carry wired earphones to listen to music (the earphones I have are dual purpose with a call button).  Note that the FM radio does not work at all without a WIRED headset.  Don't upgrade to 2.2 if you want to continue using a wired headset.  If you already use Bluetooth exclusively then this is not an issue.

The short version:*If you have a basic understanding of computers and electronics, are not super tech savvy, not terribly into bells and whistles, and you want a clean, simple interface, this phone is not for you.**Or if you want a petite phone that couldn't potentially kill people on impact, this is not the phone for you.*================================================================================The longer version:I got this because people smarter than I and in the know about these types of devices, said it was a very good phone, and many said it's better than the iphone.It is very fancy and has some great features, and holy crap, that camera is ridiculous. No complaints about call quality or wireless connectivity, and Swype is the best thing to ever happen to touch screens. I am seriously considering keeping this phone solely because of swipe.With that said, here's the big but (har). It is such a pain in the ass to deal with, and there are just way too many things that it does automatically to supposedly make life easier that it makes this phone a bit overwhelming to actually use. Furthermore, it is really difficult to figure out how to customize it and change settings and whatnot.It's very nice that there were a lot of apps pre-loaded that I find to be very useful (e.g., google maps, gmail checker), but there are SOOO many apps preloaded that I don't want and just clutter things up and that you CAN'T REMOVE. Seriously? WTF? I can't uninstall the extremely useful and important "Steve Madden NFL" app off my phone?I'm used to having a very simple cell phone that makes calls and texts, and my ipod touch for everything else in this app/smart phone type realm. There are issues with Apple and a few things preloaded that you can't get rid of, but it is just so much cleaner and more intuitive to use (maybe that's just because I've used macs all my life. I dunno).Oh, and it's huge. Like the size of a shoe. It actually could double as a weapon; I am pretty sure that if you throw it at someone, you could kill them.Despite the awesomeness of Swipe, I am pretty sure I will be returning this phone for an iphone. Please note, I have never had an iphone, and my conceptions about it are based solely on my touch ipod experience, so I can't really adequately compare the 2.

I've had a smart phone before, and my last phone, the Samsung Rogue, was internet ready, and I never used any of it.  My daughter got the Droid X and I had instant phone envy that continued for about 8 months before I finally was able to upgrade to my own. I don't regret it for a moment!It's not perfect...there are few things I wish it had, like the ability to just swipe across the screen to go "back" instead of having to click the back button. I seem to have a bit of trouble keeping the ringer volume where I want it and there doesn't seem to be a way to raise or lower the volume of someone you're speaking to on the phone. (This may well be operator error!) Also, I have noticed that I cannot turn the volume down low enough when playing music to listen to it as I go to sleep. It just doesn't have enough of a gradual change and is either just a bit too loud or off. Lastly, the charger cord is only 3 feet long, so you need to leave the phone near an outlet to charge. I will definitely be looking around for alternatives to that, as I use it so much I need to charge it frequently.Other than that I adore this phone!  The screen is big and beautiful, and the 3G works great when I'm in a place with a good signal. A bit harder to get quick response to web pages from my home, but I've used it in public and have very, very speedy response. This is not the fault of the phone but my home location, where reception is fair to good.I love that I was able to eliminate the need to carry with me a phone, an MPG player, and a GPS.  I use the Droid X for all three, even connecting it via an FM transmitter to my stereo in  my car, which allows me to play my music over my speakers.  When the GPS is in use, it will pause the music to speak the directions over the speakers, loud and clear.  Far better than my old Garmin GPS, plus with the Android/Google interface, the maps are never out of date (unlike the Garmin!).I've also used the Voice Search feature to place hands-free calls in my car with really good accuracy, as well as to send a "note to self" to automatically e-mail a reminder to myself.  The Google interface is a huge bonus to me, giving me instant access and sync-ability with my e-mail, Google Reader, Google docs, etc.The Android Market puts a lot of fun apps, both free and paid, at your fingertips.  The 7 "home" screens give you lots of ability to organize your apps and keep them at your fingertips. I've organized into a games screen, a weather screen, a music screen, a screen for apps I might need while in my car or out and about, etc.  I even have a page I haven't used yet, because I'm still discovering fun stuff.I bought aMotorola HD Dock for DROID X (Motorola Retail Packaging)to plug my Droid X into beside my bed and LOVE IT even more.  I will be buying a second docking station for my desk. I also bought a biggerSanDisk 16 GB Class 2 microSDHC Flash Memory Cardso that I had more room for music, pictures, etc. (For some reason, my Droid X came with only a 2 gb card, but my daughter's came with an 8 gb...unsure why.) TheMotorola SPN5400 Rapid Vehicle Power Adapter for Motorola Droid A855works great and fits well in my car. However, I would recommend buying different power adaptors than these,Original OEM Travel Charger + Data Cable For Motorola Droid X, if you need to, because, again, like the adaptor that comes with the phone, they are extremely short, and 1 out of the 3 that I bought didn't work (my daughter had this same issue).One last downfall...the Droid X (maybe Android phone in general) are not compatible with Windows 7.  I'm really unhappy not to be able to hook my phone up to my laptop (which has most of my music on it, etc).  I have to use my desktop computer running Windows XP. I've tried researching any work-arounds and haven't found any yet.But, despite the few negatives, I truly do love this phone!  I find something more I love about it each day and know at least 3 other people who have it and also adore it.  You can't go wrong!

I wish I could give this phone a better review because something in me wants to like this phone.  I've had good luck with Verizon and Motorola in the past so my guess is its the OS this time.  The phone is very buggy and for business use almost worthless...contacts, calendar come and go with no correlation to sync or connectivity issues.  Applications work for the most part but occasionally freeze or don't launch.  And the phone is a month old so can't be age or a bad battery.  I can't recommend and for business use I'd definetly recommend shopping elsewhere, i will be.

First smart phone and disappointed with the constant problems.  The first one I had the internet just simply stopped working, the phone was restored and nothing could be fixed.  Since then I have gone through three refurbished phones because each one has its own set of odd and annoying problems.  Some problems have been: randomly placing icons on the home screen, dialing people when through the call log, combining contacts phone numbers, restoring phone numbers that were deleted, internet running very slow, when browsing the internet sometimes the screen would split into multiple frames, and more.I even contacted Motorola to see if they could help me, maybe send me a new phone instead refurbished phones.  They actually wanted me to send my phone to them for 5-10 business days, where they would attempt to repair it and if not send me another phone- and not a new one.  What would I do for a phone those 5-10 business days?? Not have a phone, that was their answer.  One of the phones was restored and wiped of everything by a Verizon employee and I was told to not put any apps on it for a week.  The three days after she wiped the phone the internet worked beyond horribly, pages would not load, then when I hit stop they would not stop and I would have to take the battery out to get the phone just to return to normal.If this phone actually worked consistently it would be awesome but none of the four phones I've had have worked consistently well.Other issues have been: YouTube videos load extremely slowly and more than half the time won't open, pictures often don't open when on facebook, sometimes wall posts actually posted on someone else's wall instead of the person's wall I was writing them on (that happened several times and was very weird), posts were placed multiple times,

Pro:Big and bright screen, still the best looking Android phone, and Gingerbread update coming soon; performance was not bad but will be better with the update.Con:Battery power runs out quick; Don't even think about using 3.5mm earphone jack - it has a design defect (I personally replaced my phone due to the 3.5mm jack connectivity issue THREE freaking times). So, it's my 4th phone with the same exact problem. The jack is not firmly built within the device. Also, for audiophiles, It has white noise considerably higher than iPod nano; why comparing to iPod? Well, it's the only mp3 playing device I got..Bottom line:Well, I complained too much. It's still a top notch Android phone. But if you plan to use 3.5mm jack, I don't recommend it. If you are a heavy user and the phone should stay online for more than 10 hours without recharging, I don't recommend it. If you are neither of them and you don't like iPhone, I highly recommend it.

when i heard the iphone 4 was coming to verizon,i began to read up on it becuase i thought i might like to have one. but as i began reading on many differnet websites the droid x name keep poping up,so i began to explore this phone and found many features that the iphone didnt have.it began to sound more like the right phone for me. so i placed my order.and im very happy i went with it.no regrets.

i just upgraded from the htc eris to the droid x and i love it here are a few of my pros and cons for you to ponder:pros- the most obvious is the nice size screen. going from a 3 nothing inch screen to a 4.3 is a huge difference. i can easily read emails text as quick as a whip and watch tv shows while laying down.fyi keep the screen brightness down it drains the battery.since i mentioned batteries this is an huge improvement over the htc eris i had to charge that phone at least twice a day with this one i only have to charge it at night. i do keep wifi bluetooth and gps off so that helps. i am a heavy phoner user so battery life is important.the phone is light and nonbulky it fits easily in my hand and i do put it in my pocket it hasn't had an accident to date.browsing on this phone is superfast. no longer do i have to twiddle my thumps waiting for the page to load.it is dnla enabled which makes file sharing super easy.the android market is pretty good not as good as iphone market but it will get there as the market gets more demand for apps. and i love the amazon ereader app the phone screen size is good for reading.an hdmi port to connect to your tv. this is awesome you can view your phone videos crystal clear.now the consi hate hate that blockbuster app is a permanet app. the iphone has the itunes store which you can purchase music movies and tv shows and verizons versions verizon comes with blockbuster. r they kidding me the movies are too expensive and has few selections. i almost want to root this phone to get this crap off.i dont like this updated motoblur crap my eris was way smoother synced with my accounts how i wanted and didnt fill my contact book with everyone in my social account.otherwise i love it its fast its sleek its a good contender against the iphone.

***Disclaimer*** I am not a technical genius. I do not understand the words and phrases I read on techie websites.  I do not use this phone to its fullest capacity.  But, I do know what I like, and I like this phone.  ***End disclaimer***This is the best phone I have ever owned.  I used to think my last phone, the Blackberry Storm, was the best phone, but after using the Droid X for two weeks I am thoroughly impressed!  I will list a few of my pros and cons.PROS-Google Maps is awesome.  I use verbal commands and the phone will give me turn by turn directions, it will type out texts, it will google search for me, and it does it all without having to take my hands off the wheel and start typing in commands.-SWYPE is very cool too.  Instead of using my thumbs to type or text, I hold the phone with one hand and use the index finger of my other hand to swype along the screen from letter to letter.  It is much faster than typing.  I love it.-Camera.  The camera is an 8MP digital camera with a lot of options and effects.  It takes great pictures.  I do not think of it as a "phone with a camera" but rather as a "camera with a phone."  It also takes some very impressive HD video.  And you can email the videos on this phone.  My Blackberry Storm took videos, but I could not send them.-Internet.  The Internet is way better on this phone than on my Storm.  It is like I am surfing on a small computer, not a phone.-Apps.  Loading apps could not be easier.  How cool is it that you just scan a barcode for the app and the phone takes you right to the download page for that app?  Pretty friggin cool!CONS-Ringtones.  I still do not have this figured out to my liking.  This is the one area where the Storm was a lot easier.  I could easily set profiles for notifications, set different rings for voice or text, or my favorite, set the phone to phone calls only at night so some random email does not beep in the middle of the night.  I have downloaded a few ringtone apps but have not been able to get them set up the way I like yet.  I am still working on it.-Holsters.  I cannot find a holster for this phone that is acceptable.  I have been using the "slide it in my pocket" mode, but that does not always work out for me.  I am pretty active during the day and the phone will sometimes get banged up in my pocket.  The market has the plastic clip-in cases that leaves the phone exposed.  I have read many reviews on those and it seems the phones sometimes falls out of the clip.  That is not acceptable to me.  Plus I like the phone to be covered in case I rub against or bump into something.  I have come across a few fully enclosed holsters, but they are not something I want to wear on my belt.  One was black leather with gold stitching and a huge gold medallion on the side.  It looked like a friggin man purse or fannypack.  Now I am not normally self-conscious about how I look, but I am not carrying around a man purse or fannypack.  I also do a lot of trail running, so the phone would fly out of my pocket, and any holster would have to be secure.To recap, I love this phone.***10/6 update***I found a free app called "Quick Profile" in the marketplace and I was able to set up profiles for my rings and notifications.  I now have one named "phone only" that is basically just my phone, no other notifications at all.  Which is great because that is how I always set my blackberry at night.  No sleep disturbances for junk emails at night!  And if someone needs to get me in an emergency, they can call me.  I was also able to set up a few other profiles for "office" which is mainly vibrating and low ringtones, and "loud" which is for outdoors, and everything is set to vibrate then loud ringtones and notifications.Now if I can just get the holster thing figured out, life will be perfect, again.

Don't care about 4g speeds or dual core chips in a phone!  I wanted a phone that has a great screen to text on, I've got big hands and wanted a touch screen big enough to type on.  Second smartphone I've owned and well worth the trade up, I had no issues with battery life; lasting 30hrs+ with moderate data usage and music playback. Phone calls are clear and precise, even when only two bars, my only two gripes are the speakerphone and camera, which could only be slightly improved to be great. Altogether a purchase I'd make everytime and have no regrets...and I compared this to the Incredible, the Evo4G, and the Thunderbolt; I'm not an Iphone kinda guy(I already own too many Ipods), and was not waiting for the Bionic (All superior phones, In Every Way Except Necessity!) If you don't need to have the latest greatest thing on the market, then the X is the one for you.
