
very good phone, something as old technologically speaking but ultimately fulfills its function, pin social networks, called messages, ideal for which need to be always connected, the battery life you need..

i brought this devie from 5TechSavy the phone worked properly for five months the the enitre internet system on the phone just dropped of i cannot access any data service just basic phone call and text!

TREMENDOUS CAPACITY VERY GOOD PHONE IF NOTO FOULBROOD RESECTION IS LITTLE SIGNAL IF NOT FOR THE AREA IN VENEZUELA ACA CRAZY BUT THANK THE INCREDIBLE TENNOLOGIA

The phone arrive today it's not international version have at&t write on the phone and have the software preload at&t and the box say handheld made in canada the phone say made in mexico its no the same imei and pin the box and the phone saled. Didn't come the 4 GB memory card the polishing cloth the blackberry cd tools and the box was open

Nice Phone, but we had to chage to a BB Plan with my mobile operator, BB only work fully with BB plans ( here in Peru)

This phone is perfect for me, good size easy to used works perfect and fast I'm so happy with my purchase.

I had one of these and it died, so rather than re-learn a new phone the simplest answer was to buy another one.  For $103 it was a great deal and works perfectly!

The blackberry comes like the picture, in excellents conditions and working perfectly... I love this store, because i have bought many things in there, and aleats is on time and perfect

hey, i bought this phone about 10 months ago. The flex have broken without any reason and to repair it is about $150. The interesting thing.. in the town I live (only 20.000 people) I'm noticed that there are at least 6 phones with the same problem waiting to be repaired, so obviously this is a bug of this model.Also impossible to get support from BB at all, they offer paid support!!!!Very dissapointed with Blackberry. Not surprised that the company is going bad...After repair it, only worked for 3 months..., never ever in my life will buy a Blackberry again.

Receveid the product on time from the retail as mentioned in the retail policy. I presented this product as gift to my sister.

GOOD

I have used this type of product before through subscription from AT&T.; Compared to other smartphones, I found this to be very dependable hence I am purchasing the Blackberry torch as a gift to family member in Nigeria.In fact this is the third blackberry torch I have purchased.

If you feel that your life needs more frustration, then this is the phone for you. If you like game apps, then be prepared for the stunning gameplan that is equivalent in graphics and playability to the original Nintendo...maybe. Perhaps the original Atari. Do you want to relive the turn of the milenium internet searching, then you will love the Torch. I hate this phone, it is no wonder that RIM is toying with bankruptcy. It is so bad, that my wife and I are going to pay full price for a new phone of a different brand because we cannot stand this phone and I cannot wait 18 months for our contract renewal to come up.

Many people argue that Blackberry is the phone for business folks, but the sad truth is that in the last few years they have really gone down hill. If you havent looked into what the brand itself if facing I suggest you do. I really can't see them amking a great comeback. If you want a real physical keyboard look up the Spike Keyboard case on Kickstarter as It will soon fix that issue on iphones. The app store for this phone is pretty much awful and the only real advantage is the file attachment system but iOS 6 should address that as well. I'm not some Apple fanboy I just look at this phone from personal expreience. I loved the look and feel but after a while I was lost on how useful it COULD be but wasnt. Somewhere within the 2 years I owned it the internet browser encountered a system error that is something that all 9800's can get so be sure to get the upgraded version if you seriously want this.

A very good and reliable phone to use. The phone is very easy to use and has a good networking abilities.

I bought this product in order to use unlocked in my country, so this is excellent , I used all of day an never have any problem.

The Phone is in perfect working condition. It is user friendly and efficient. It is strong on internet and takes very good pictures and videos

It works perfectly fine.  Nice pics. I did not get an extra battery or a usb cord? Not sure if that was supposed to be in the package or it was lost by my delivery persons.

It was actually a gift for a friend. My friend love it! He's able to use all the functions effectively.

cumple las expectativas requerida , fue una compra para una amiga, ella esta encantada con este telefono, dice que es demasiado bueno

I bought two if this phone, the first one screen stop working so it makes it very difficult to use the phone. Then I bought a new one a month ago, but that one has a trackball that is not working, when you need it the most. I will never use that phone again.

The product is very good. You can use all the facilities it has. I am really satisfied. As the provider, I found it honest and trustworthy.

this was a gift for my girl last year. today the phone still looks like a brand new phone and works great. The product early last year was delivered within a couple of days i must remember to make this seller one of my favorites.

Item was received promptly and tracking information was provided so i was able to track items.  Excellent customer service received

I got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone. I was not a fan of blackberry but my husband had got one and I played around on it and liked it so bought one for myself!!!

fino

I am highly disappointed in my phone i just ordered. I just opened it out of the box and it does not work, it will not turn on.

A very good and reliable phone to use. The phone is very easy to use and has a good networking abilities.

Don't buy this phone. I've never had so many problems with a phone. Camera doesn't zoom. It's OS is slow and lame. The apps for this phone are not worth a penny. I'll never buy a blackberry phone again. The battery life is a joke. I couldn't even make it a full day before recharging...it was only a several days old. The main reason I brought the phone was for it's keyboard. I won't make that mistake again. Blackberry torch 9800 is a sorry excuse for a smart phone.

good team, was what was expected, works with good speed, very good experience, good camera is not the maximum but rather, simply put a good team

i bought 2 it come blocked his imei i dont know what  i  can  do to  unlocked them i use them for call

Ordered this phone as new and when it got here, it turned out to be refurbished and not new. It didn't have the original seal and there were no user manuals in the box. You could clearly see that the phone had been used before. There were some light scratches on the back!

this phone is a very good phone u should by it do not stick come on do not let this pass u by

Perfect conditions... This is a lot of phone for the price... robust and the best thing it has is the quality...

Because the phone was damaged and without warrantyI did not like that the equipment sold without warrantyNo one would recommend

This is the second time I have bought a phone from this company.  The first time they shipped me a REFURBISHED phone which deceitful people assured me would be ok. Just as the time to send back the phone had expired the phone stop working. Now for me I cannot afford to throw $100+ dollars down the toilet.I contacted them re their deliberate and malicious act of passing off old phones, but I was tossed around from one person to another. And after all was said and done, more was said than done.I lost money and jobs because I had to buy another phone.O the second phone I bought from bought from them stopped working as well and again, I was tossed to and fro by greedy money hungry people who rather to give inferior quality products with sub-standard service.I had a horrible experience with this company and if you wish to lose you money and get defective products buy from them. If you are like me and cannot afford to flush money down the drain choose a different vendor.I wish there was a section to say no star because these people deserve -5 star rating.

Just want I wanted and a great gift for my cousin. She really enjoys it for a great price too! Very happy.

I really love this phone, bought it last Christmas for myself and I enjoy every bit of it. It's my first time to use a phone like this, all my previous cellphones are basic one's and I'm enjoying the Blackberry experience!

Fantaastic phone, maybe the best BlackBerry that I ever seen.Fast Operative System, fast and easy menu easy to personalize.Good calling quality, 3G enable and good GPS.

I don't have any regrets buying this phone. A good slider + touch screen combination that is easily accessible. Great progress made after the BB9000. Just go ahead and make your order...international warranty works because I experienced it.

Great my sons face just lit up when he opened the package, he just couldn't put it down for the first week.  Cool phone.

This phone is not working the same as my first blackberry torch. I don't know if it's da manufacturer or blackberry's fault but I will NEVER purchase another blackberry product. My blackberry storm basically acted the same way so stick with an iPhone or Samsung people. Everything takes forever to download plus the App Store sucks compared to google or Apple App Store. Bottom line I would not recommend buying this product!

The product comes with damaged button and it does not come with all the accessories. More efficiency, please. I hope not to repeat

good night, excuse my English, but this works well in Venezuela blackberry?

I recieved the product without a problem . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I can not believe that they offer phone used defective and covered up the word "not warranty" is a fraud

Great purchase for the money I spent I received a brand new phone. The phone was as described, it has tons of features that I can't wait to try out

the phone is good and working perfectly but why is the phone manual and soft ware not include. i have to go internet to down load the manual

This was my first foray into the world of Blackberry. Don't asked me why I waited so long to finally get one. What a disaster. There's some kind of a software glitch on the Torch 9800 that leads to this device getting stuck in a loop when trying to boot up. It happened to me about 4 or 5 times during my warranty period, and AT&T; had no clue how to fix it so they kept giving me a new one.I was very disappointed in the operating system. The app selection was a joke. (I was used to iOS.) The touch response was subpar. The browser was abysmal. I had to use Opera, which was still far behind Safari (and I'm not even a fan of Safari, so that's not a huge bar to reach).Right around 13 months into the life of the phone, it began shutting off at the slightest bit of movement. For example, if I were to take it out of my pocket and place (not drop, but place) it on a table, it would shut off. Of course, the warranty had expired so I was SOOL. Then there's the issue of software updates. I was used to iOS and (not knowing as much about BB as I should have) did not realize that their OS updates don't apply to older phones. Of course, if you have an iPhone 4S and there's an iOS update, it applies to the iPhone 5S, 5, 4S and even 4. Not the case with BB. Nope, you have to buy a new one to get the new OS.Then, once service ends with your carrier, so does BB's support. With Android and Apple, you can continue to use the app store, get software updates, use Apple/Google messenger services, etc. even after your carrier service ends. Blackberry blocks support for all of those once you stop your service. The only things that you can do is use the browser and watch video (in &#34;stunning&#34; 360x480).Is it any wonder that this company's U.S. market share has dropped from 50+% to under 1% in a few years? They have no respect for their customers once the device has been paid for, and they failed to think that people would switch to another platform once their contracts ended. Yes, I'm sure Blackberry's current device(s) and OS is better than the Torch, but many of these same issues are still present.Blackberry defenders used to say that apps were worthless, but now they talk about how great apps are now that you can &#34;port&#34; Google Play apps. They used to laugh at high-pixel displays, and now they tout the &#34;stunning clarity&#34; of current BB screens. They said they couldn't do without a physical keyboard, yet today most of their devices are without one and all devices have a touchscreen. Blackberry has moved towards everything they used to oppose, yet they are so far beyond Android and Apple that they are nothing more than just another copycat off-brand (Palm/webOS anyone?).I'm happy to say that I no longer use that phone. My contract recently ran out and I ran to Apple as quickly as possible. (I also own an Android/Nexus tablet.) I have owned about 5 or 6 touchscreen phones/tablets over the past 4 or 5 years and I have never had a device give me anywhere near the number of issues that the Torch 9800 gave me. It was unprecedented. The only thing that came close was my first touch device, the original HTC Touch on Windows Mobile. But even that device, which was awful, lasted far longer than the Torch did and gave me fewer issues. I would never consider owning a Blackberry device ever again.

I read the seller's review after I have placed the order, the review was not very pleasant, so I was waiting to get a crappy product, I was so wrong, I received what I paid for, a brand new phone, and in working condition, I am loving it..

A smartphone with touch screen plus qwerty keypad and the Blackberry trademark jockey button. what could be a better combination ! It is neither heavy nor outfits my palm. Slider is smooth. It is easy to carry, fits into my jeans pocket. I like this &#34;Best-of-both the worlds&#34; product.

After much searching for this semi-outdated phone I was worried I would get a refurbished one, but this was not the case. True to specifications and all complete. Get it while you can!

Phone works ok but i got a damaged headset and i'm not happy about it. I did not get a user guide and i feel it is refurbished and not genuinely new based on the look.

I received a spoiled phone. I order 2 BB 9800 and one was bad. I recommend other buyer to be careful

My doughter and a firned of mine reccomended me this Blackberry Torch 9800, because they are saccsecfull with  it. i hope the sema results.

So nice to be up to date with a smart phone! This phone is so pretty and easy to use. I loved the fast service from the seller. I received the phone in three days after I ordered it. This phone has everything I need and want, including a 5 MP camera.

El producto fue recibido en excelentes condiciones parece nuevo y se maneja muy bien con el sistema lo recomiendo ampliamente

Because I send it to guyana so do I don't know how it work I could have the and find uot it work

No wonder why Blackberry now has a shrinking market. Stupidest phone I ever had; user unfriendly and yeah it keeps reminding you this phone is unlocked from AT&T. Hate this phone!

bought this phone a couple of days ago it came new and unlock just as I ordered and it works fine will up date in a couple of monthswrote this review on july 4 its now july 16 and the phone stopped working please don't buy from these people there is no warranty on this phone so I am now screwedpeople please don't buy from R K wireless this phone has a new body but old brains I took this phone to a repair shop and they showed me evidence of a refurbished phone and the seller claims to be new this phone is costly to repair I don't know what to do I have no warranty

The charger wasn't the original for BlackBerry... The rest was good.. A very nice Phone.. I Think is Refurbished and the offer was NEW!

Excellent the purchase realized without no problem, the product I come good condition and it works to the perfection. Very good Service

loving it the features are very nice thank u i will continue supporting u any day anytime great phone love it

Did not fully work with my network, could get calls and text, no data or WIFI on my Consumer Celluar account

this i bought for my sister and she told me that it is a very good peice stylish and trendy

to the date, the product is not arrived yet. I bought the phone in january, and to this day you didn't send to me. I hope a soon answer about it

The product is advertized as new, but is not, it looks ok, i just hope it last 2 years at least.Its difficult to find a phone in amazon that is brand new.

this product i buy last month. but u didn't satisfy this product. i buy a black berry tourch 9800 unlocked. this one looking old one.

I received the phone in excellent condition! Everything which was listed (charger, ear phones etc) was neatly packaged and present. I live in Barbados and was immediately able to insert my local SIM card and Memory card and use the phone. I was quite hesitant at first to order a phone online but I was quite pleased at the timely manner and the quality of the product I received. The torch works great!! I previously had a BB curve and the OS for the torch is sleek and much faster! The features and apps are all working to perfection, no problems upgrading or downloading. One great thing I love about the torch is that even though it has a fully functional and seamlessly working touch screen, it still has buttons and a keypad that you have the option of using if it tickles your fancy.

that is lake i expected, good job, i am happy, this is a good product and i got it on time,

muy buena relaci&oacute;n costo beneficio. el tel&eacute;fono tiene muy buenas aplicaciones. el doble teclado es muy pr&aacute;ctico. buen tama&ntilde;o y peso.

Reasons why blackberry suffering?Making poor performing items like this . Totally unresponsive , slow and freezes quite often . DO NOT BUY

This phone worked for exactly 40 days.  THe phone shuts down and reboots at random times, including in the middle of phone calls  Now the phone will not turn on.  I will never recommend buying from these guys ever again.  The phone was used and came with pictures already on it.  Second time this is happening with a product on amazon.  I am turned off from purchasing any &#34;serious&#34;products.  When anyone can sell, there seems to be little to no responsibility on the sellers part.

This is an excellent phone! It has many functions, serving both for entertainment and for work activities. I liked so much!

phone arrived on time. I didn't use it for a month . it was for a friend, hes been using it for 2or3wks  , he cant get pictures or internet even though hes on a data plan att cant figure it out. today the speaker in the phone wont work he has to use speaker phone now. the phone is still in mint condition no drops!!!  amazon or seller please help

good afternoon, I just got this phone you buy like new and is used is 11 hours 39 minutes 10 seconds of use. I think a part of you abuse. is the first I have this problem, rather desepcionada .... I'm waiting for your answerBarragan Tahisany information sent to this email taisito1@gmail.com

This phone is to replace my old blackberry storm 1 which is a pace of s...any the Torch is the best replacement for me it is working fine and doing all and more that I want it to do.

muy buenos

i love it! everything ok whit my phone, work perfect in venezuela

I like this cellphone but it came with some lights off so I cannot see all buttons properly as rhey do no ligth up.I bought it as a brand new one but it seems to be it is not.

Been having a bad run....cant say if its the phone or what but battery died on me after about 1 month then I  replaced it (not from this seller) and it died again in approximately 10 days....very pissed !Tried another battery and its working fine so it seems like its the battery again.....WTH!!!!

This phone work great it clear and it help me alot when am on my vacation out of the country,i will truly recommend this phone.

I like BlackBerrys because I think they are phones of good quality. Personally I chose this phone because it had a qwerty keyboard and a big screen. Also for its sleek design and it is easy to use. I would recommend this phone for anyone that does not like to text using a touch screens, but still want a touch screen phone. Especially if it is for a young adult or kid who doesn't want to feel out of place.

The reason for three stars is, phone was not unlocked and the battery was beat up. @ first I thought the phone was hard locked, cos when I put in my Tmo sim card, it asked for MEP # and I didnt know if the MEP# 10 counts had been used up! (Cos it only allows you to try 10 times after that the phone becomes a brick). I had to do some research online and found out the phone had a BES account and IT policy locked. Fortunately I was able to unlock the phone for free online and factory reset the phone so as to remove previous owner BES IT policy permanent lock. (BES is for Blackberry Enterprise Service). Otherwise the phone works fine, using a tmo and simple mobile sim.

I ordered this phone for a friend and i made sure to find out if she is satisfied with it.  she was 100% satisfied .  great seller.

First of all, this is a refurbished phone, not new.The phone itself is also a testament to bad software, as the language settings keep defaulting to spanish despite changing it back to English countless times from the options menu. The battery life is another pitiful festure. You MUST charge this stupid phone EVERYDAY or it quits on you. I was stuck at the hospital for a whole without being able to call my family cause the battery gave out. Cell phones are supposed to be good for emergencies, m***ns.The ony thing useful about the phone is the a-z speed-dial.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! I'll give it a ZERO star if possible, cause I've been swindled.

I got my blackberry torch and it was all I expecte it to be. It is silk, smooth, responds to the touch remarkably. Th e experienece of having a BB torch is nothing compared to all the phones I have ever had. It is now practically my personal assistant. It give me every information on the go.the picture quality is great.The  internet experience is awesome. it islike you have your lap top with you.  I am a Pharmacist and I was able to download an app on drugs and it was very cute. Now I can talk to my patient with more confidence anytime from my PDA( BB torch) about their medications without the books around but a quick reference though my BBtorch.the feeling is great.

it's a very good phone, it arrived on estimated time, but, it didnt  come in original box, no cd rom, and the headphone is not the version of this phone, no manual.

I got this product and I thought that the phone was going to be working. Come to find out that the Sim card tray was no good and it couldn't ready any Sim card from any carrier. The exterior of the phone was in good condition though.

This product is still pending. I will give it it's deserving high rate once it arrives. Please disregar the rate. I have to rate it in order to submit

compre el torch 9800 y cuando lo fui a encender no encendio vino malo que se hace en ese caso el telefono lo compre sin garantia me siento estafado...

phone is great, fits all my needs so i like it. i would recommend phone to anyone looking for a bb

This phone work great it clear and it help me alot when am on my vacation out of the country,i will truly recommend this phone.

I have to a new facing put on this phone PLUS it has to be Unlocked bc right now it's locked!! So I am giving this a 3 stars...I understand that it's a used phone but I gotta pay to have it unlocked, when it say it's unlocked!!!

the probeedor is a scammer sold me a bad phone, not bring charger, headphones anything not recommended at all. is a thief

This cell phone full fill all the expectation that i had. Is a little heavy, but it is a nice phone. I can recomend it to all the people.

this phone keeps freezing up, I only received it a few days and didn't get to put much info on it so its not full. its just terrible!!!!!!!!!! I wont recommend my enemy to buy this phone.

I bought it for a friend so I wasn't too open to it's functionality! I guess it's cool since I got no complaints

Great phone. it is exactly as it has been described.Easy to use and affordable. I am really happy with it.

1. Battery keeps overheating every time it is put to charge2. The front buttons (answer & end call) are rising up *angry face*3. other than that the phone is good

excellent cell phone ... many applications, very fast in operation. very good camera with good resolution and zoom acceptable. I'm very happy with my purchase. 100% recommended

This phone was very inexpensive compared to retail value. It got to me and appeared to be in brand new condition even though it said it was used. The shipment got from New York to Texas in 4 days. I was very pleased with this purchase. The only thing was that when you recieve this phone unlocked, it doesn't allow you to lock the phone with a password. Other than that, it was perfect.

I was unable to use the phone at first because the battery died. I had to purchase a new batter otherwise it works fine.

Gentlemen blackberry 9800 product purchased at a store amazon was received and never worked, I feel ripped off and the product was purchased from another Country I could not make the return of this product.So I recommend not using this method of purchase since there is no certainty that the product you buy is in good condition or function.

que es un producto muy bueno para el uso de la tecnolog&iacute;a tiene de todo lo que se necesita lo tiene todo es super

No head phones,phones marked AT&T ,no memory card,did not inform me of sales tax before sale and came in over-sized boxes,I will not buy from them again.

Resivi este telefono despues de una semana de comprarlo, Y la parte de adelante de llama, Menu vino total mente suelto sin el pegante, La parte de atras esta un poco rallada..Me parese un telefono total mente CHINO, No me gusta esta compra..Totalmente desulucionado!!

i bought this torch 9800 to operate in Ecuador and works fine with claro carrier on 3G.shipping was very fast and received on time.everything was fine until I realized that did not came with the 4Gb external memory card, that's why i give 3 star..compre este torch 9800 para ser usado en Ecuador y trabaja muy bien con claro red 3G.el envio fue rapido y lo recibi a tiempo.todo estaba bien hasta que me di cuenta de que no vino con la tarjeta de memoria de 4Gb. por eso di solo 3 estrellas.

excelentes el paquete llego en perfecto estado trabaja muy bien 100% recomendados.muy contento con el cell y los tendre encuenta en mis proximas compras saludos.

I was leaving the US for three months and current service provider refused to unlock my phone. So I payed the 1 day delivery fee and purchased a blackberry torch 9800. My package was delivered on time but the contents of the box wasn't what I expected. I received a blackberry 9700 instead. So I had to send it back. Now I'm forced to purchase another more expensive phone. I am royally pissed. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!

The phone  came on time , the problem was that the phone came in some Rogers box, with apparently Rogers carrier on the screen. There was no manuals , no earpiece , only the phone ,battery wrapped separately and a charger. Would not suggest to buy this product. Or at least ask the sellers what comes in the box before you buy it, and if the phone is really new or refurbished.

at first look all was ok but one of the phones had some troubles with tactil display, i was about to return it but i had to travel and the waranty expires! i had to take it to a bb center and they fix the problem. Also the phone was suppose to be NEW but it was refurbished! I dont recomend.

The BlackBerry Torch was long to be spoken of before I purchased one by myself. Actually, as a matter of fact I didn't want the Torch at all. I started out with a BlackBerry Bold and I loved it. The keys were just the right shape, the screen was unscratched and shiny, and the phone fit perfectly in my hands as I did the traditional "finger fold phone hold." You know the one where you lock all your fingers and use your pinkies as support? One day I dropped my beloved Bold and for some reason the screen just went out. It completely stopped working and honestly, I was devastated. I went on the computer through the phone insurance compact just to find that I could not receive another Bold for some odd reason. So my phone company sent me a Torch as a replacement. At first I was disappointed because I heard bad things about the Torch and originally I wasn't a fan of touch screen.That day that I got my new BlackBerry was long anticipated because it was practically torture to go a week without a phone at all. When I opened the delivered box to find my new BlackBerry Torch I was very surprised that I loved it. The screen was a smooth black and it was huge. When I pressed the power button the backlight lit up a bright blue in my face and I was very satisfied. I pushed on the lower half of the screen and slid out the keyboard. I was very happy to find that the keyboard that I adored so much on the bold was the exact same keyboard as the one on my Torch.I've had this BlackBerry Torch for over a year now and I am very happy with it. Though after a while its starting to act weird, its one of the most reliable phones I've ever had. I have dropped this phone almost every day since I got it in the mail and it hasn't broken yet. I use it to blast music while I'm in the shower and it is yet to become water damaged.One of the problems I seemed to face with my BlackBerry Torch is, even though my screen is locked, when my phone is in my pocket it still presses buttons and calls people constantly. I could set a password but I would rather it just be harder to unlock with a button. The applications that turn on by my pocket kill my battery. That is one issue I have with all BlackBerry products. The battery life is terrible. I considered buying a second battery at one point.Compared to the iPhone, the applications are limited. There are very few things you can do with a BlackBerry and that is one of the reasons it falls short of the iPhone. I also feel like there is no reason to compare the BlackBerry and the iPhone because even though they are both business phones and use data plans, they are nothing alike.In a general sense, the good outweighs the bad with the BlackBerry Torch. I feel it is a reliable phone for a touch screen and it has gone through great trials as my phone. Poor thing has been dropped at least once a day L. If you are #TeamBlackBerry, the Torch is the way to go.

I order 2 of the blackberry 9800 when i receive the booth it had scratches an one if the slide is give trouble...was not impressive at all....

Lo compre pensando que estaba 100% y es remanufacturado no nuevo , deberian especificar esto en la publicacion . .

Ok. so the supplier was prompt and courteous but the issues avoidable. I paid for two day shipping as i was due to travel the phone arrived after i left and only after i contacted the seller. Upon arrival and opening the box i got a used phone with scratches on the face plate, the wrong charger, the back plate is replaced with a cheap cover from another supplier. Upon opening to insert the battery the inside is dirty and has a green dust on the phone and there is no memory card.  So decided to return only to realize i will now lose 15% restocking fee plus shipping ($81 or 18% cost of phone). Worst yet the supplier writes me to remove the bad review on the shipping problems as its bad for business. If the business was good i will not have an issue. Anyway the Torch is a great phone this is the third i am buying, the first from this supplier. Will never buy from here again.

Wanted it to used in JA and it did a great jobGot it on timePrice was goodUser friendly

This bb 9800 works perfectly and work in all operators, is unlocked, in perfect conditions in a original unopened box

este blackberry es liberado todo perfecto como nos muestra la publicacion es 3g en venezuela con movistar y movilnet todo a la fecha prevista

I sent my memory with the phone, took forever to get to the box,I was gonna give me a memory and not sent

excellent phone, good price, the team reached my country Venezuela in good condition, just place the SIM card and it worked immediately me. I recommend the only detail was that brought a couple of scratches nothing serious and that the charger is not the original. but still worth it.

no recomiendo al vendedor, el producto llego fuera del tiempo estipulado, sin aud&iacute;fonos, tapa de la bater&iacute;a, la micro sd, sucio y con mancha leve en la pantalla

Amazing phone with lots of functionalities.Setbacks: - it works slowly with many apps opened at the same time.- slider is loose, it clacks when touching the screen.

I ordered a new phone buy got a refurbished one. Could clearing see it was used didn't even need a close examination. Order new phones at a risk of getting a used one for the price of a new phone. dissapointed indeed.ATENCI&Oacute;N No Compre este tel&eacute;fono es reconstruido. El Vendedor es un Estafador, Dice que es un tel&eacute;fono Nuevo y es reconstruido NO COMPREN, NO LO COMPRE, QUIERO MI DINERO DE VUELTA!

Excelente producto, en muy buenas condiciones. Lo recomiendo ampliamente / Excellent product, very nice conditions... I recomend it! I'm loving it.

Phone works well with the exception that sometimes the screen appears to be frozen for a while.  This doesnt last long though.  The signs of wear mentioned can hardly be seen.  For now its a good buy.

excelenete

este equipo llego en perfecto estado, gracias ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok

IT GIVES YOU THE OPTIONS OF TOUCH SCREEN AND KEYBOARD, TAKES BEAUTIFUL PICTURES WITH OR WITH OUT FLASH....THIS PHONE IS FULLY EQUIPPED.

This product came as it was online so i would say i was good and i recommend it for other customers.

got this phone for my mother cause she loves blackberry she not to much in to the whole touchscreen so i seen this phone and ordered it and she loves it

The phone is working fine but the charger is not functional. This shows that it is important to ensure that all parts are working before sale.

Hi i bought this phone just a month ago one is completely dead , apprently the technician cant fix it without me buying a main strip, the other one some keys are not working..i am still thinking i bough used phone and not new . but the seller claimed its new

bought a bb9800 and it is not working the phone never even booth up. the phone isnt new, and product description had it as new.

And I didn't get my 4 gb memory card so could you guys pleaae send me one I would really apprwciate it

Purchase this phone based on the seller's description stating it would work both for AT&T; and TMobile. However, after I bought the phone (I've TMobile), it arrived imprinted with AT&T; and would not connect to the internet. When I took it into TMobile, they advised this particular phone was not ever offered by them and that it was not setup to connect via the TMobile network. True to form, I then went to AT&T; and asked them. They could not explain why the phone would not connect via either wifi or through my current data plan; however, the only place the phone connected was at the AT&T; hotspot in the store.The phone itself was fine. Bigger and clunkier than I had hoped, as I currently use a BB Bold, but I honestly can't fault the phone, its delivery or its condition. I was able to quickly and painlessly return the phone which I greatly appreciated.

As many of you know internet phone purchases are NOT the way to go. This is an inferior phone with tons of issues. Don't buy, it's not worth half of what they charge and hasn't worked properly since the day I had it activated. I was definitely ripped off, but now you know/

EL PRODUCTO LLEGO EN BUEN ESTADO Y FUNCIONA CORRECTAMENTE EL TELEF. Y A PARTE DE ESO LO MANDO EN UN EMPAQUE ADECUADO LO RECOMIENDO

excellent. came as planned and scheduled. no complaints at all. great job. would recommend u over and over again. keep it up

muy buen estado excelente el tel&eacute;fono cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas pantalla teclado flash bater&iacute;a todo muy bien funcionando lo &uacute;nico fue el cargador no me sirvio

good night,I write because I'm getting a Blackberry Torch 9800 Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard and 4 GB Internal Storage - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black, who does not look absolutely nothing that appears in the following link [...] / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0034THXTK/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00; released as a mobile telephony to drive you Movilnet in VENEZUELA, there told me that this is a phone Repowered and they can not be held responsible for a team under these conditions, plus it also tell me that you can not pass the language to Spanish cell believe this to be purchase for a Latin country you must send an original equipment containing Spanish language, I think a lack of ethics and I am buying an original cell in any part of the description of it indicates a Repowered phone. agrdezco the most rapid response to changing it and I take responsibility for damage, waiting for their prompt response to my leave to return the equipment.link:  [...] / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0034THXTK/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00

Had no idea the BlackBerry Torch I purchased could only be used through AT&T...I wanted to use it with my present carrier..very dissatisfied!!!

i had the phone for 2 months now and all is working well so far, was ship in good time and good condition, i like it

This would have been my fourth Blackberry phone, however I wasn't pleased with  the overall sound quality of the phone, and the setup was not as easy as I thought it would have been. Therefore I had to return the phone as it wasn't what I expected.

ok thanks all excellent purchase. It is a good buy of excellent quality and excellent pricewhich fits my needs and was easy to make the purchase

But it brings all its accessories. not only original charger, battery and tlf. so you only need to buy at the store in person. not recommended for those who live in other countries

I would like to inform you that my Blackberry Torch 9800 that I bought at third March 2012 doesn't works anymore.Maria Izabel Oliveira Szpacenkopf

i didn't get any phone charger or usb cord  with my Purchases and it was packaged in too big of a box

It's a good cell. I sold to one of my friends, he was in love with this phone.If you like buy it!!!

item received was just as described no scratches unlocked and in excellent working condition i give the item a thumb up

Kept this for a couple of years before upgrading to z10. Blackberry is indisputably the leader in communication phones.The email software the ease of receiving and sending multiple emails is uncoparable.The sure type is an added bonus.

Thank you for everything. Excellent casing for my cellular one. I am be very grateful of doing purchase to you.

Enjoying my phone...I always wanted this  model...after losing my phonemy son told me go on Amazon.com and look for it...and there it was,I founded my Blackberry Torch 9800 Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard...Thank you ,

Upgraded from the bold to the torch.  The pics are amazing- stabilization really works, the camera/AV light is so bright is makes an excellent flashlight; excellent batter life; fast phone, GPS works great- speaks commands outloud- sometimes I just put it on so I don't space out and miss my turn; I store music and books on the SD card which is included. Keyboard pulls out and is easy to hit correct button. Turn it sideways and your "music video" or whatever turns sideways. Did I mention the camera is excellent. This phone is so easy to use and has so many aps (many of which are free).  Blackberry- you have come a long way.

i bought this for my sister in jamaica. ooo she love it .. if u dont have one of this u wac.

It did not work over seas when I traveled the touch screen did not work and it kept flickeringOn its screen

I have had this phone for 2 years. I was skeptical about getting another Blackberry but I have been pleasantly surprised with the durability of this phone.  I've replaced the battery once and with heavy use it lasts a day which for me is from 6am till midnight. The buttons on the keypad are a bit small for me and I have relatively small hands for a man. However, I wanted a touch screen that would also allow me to use a regular keypad when I wanted. I am not a fan of the keypad on screen. Blackberry could use some help in creating new apps though. This really has more to do with the market than the phone itself. I've dropped the phone on more than a few occasions over the years and it is solid as a rock. The camera on this phone is awesome and has replaced my need for carrying another device on trips. It is also nice to have a calendar that doesn't have to be cleared every few months. By the way I bought this phone as a refurbished item from ATT and it was free with my upgrade, so 2 years with trouble free service was worth the price. If you use speaker phone or lots of internet then I would recommend a high capacity battery. I use both very little. It also has a good mp3 player and micro SD allow you to store lots of music pics and video which is expandable. Overall very nice product.

this phone is excellent it has a good amount of space, is convenient, fast, and the price was not to high for a phone this caliber

Bought a used one, arrived looking new and functioned just fine right out of the box... It does have a few quirks but nothing to talk about hence the 4 stars.

It was slow and it froze up every 5 minutes. The keyboard would not work some times. Don't buy this phone!!

This brand new Blackberry Torch 9800 arrived in record time. Incredibly fast and I had ordered the free shipping. The Torch was wrapped and packaged as it left the factory. Having been a past Blackberry owner it was programed and functioning in about one half hour. Super service and a brand new product.

I love this set. Product arrived on time. The phone looks nice. Zena guys are good with their service too. Best mobile if you are looking for touch and type.

I ordered the phone and what i got was a chinese version of the phone!the keypad is labeled with chinese lettering which makes it almost impossible to use! I shipped the phone as a gift to another country and it will just cost too much to return! their advertising is mis-leading and lack very vital details!! Do not Purchase this phone, you will be sorry you did.

I read the reviews and started worrying that my torch 9800 was not new that i had purchased August 1.Surprisingly it was not new when it arrived.You guys need to stop deceiving your customers. Wont purchase anything more from this company.

Blackberry Torch 9800 Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard and 4 GB Internal Storage - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - BlackThis product is a complete rip off... DO NOT BUY!!!!!!! They are selling USED PHONES at the Price of new ones............ It pains me to spend my money of stuff it this.. My phone refuse to charge after the battery die coming out of the box and the screens also refuse to work.....Amazon need to do something about these types of suppliers in there data base.

Since blackberry launched the first phone I have been "faithful", this Torch is my second one, is solid, and I decided to get one for my alternate phone at our officeI like it!

was fascinated, but when I saw I could not get him to Ecuador was terrible, so I had to make the return, and I do not like

If you had a blackberry before, it works all the same. I had lot of trouble trying to update de App World feature and it is impossible to match this app on the phone with the computer. I loved the screen and the fact that I can still use a keyboard. By the way...choose carefully your seller for this product. I used US Wireless and had no problem, I received everything new and original, just as described.

I just got the phone and have put all my data on it.  It is nice to have an actual keyboard to type on.  So far so good!!!

it was smaller than I expected or I shall say it looked lot bigger online than physically it looks like.

Like most bb it sometime freezes but it's a great phone! I love it and would advise anyone to buy it!

I had bought a Blackberry Torch 9800 which was sold as new. When I set it up I started to receive someone else's e-mail immediately. The units pin number had obviously been registered by some BIS and is still forwarding email. The recipient seems to be from Leeds in England. I now receive about 40 emails a day with no way to stop it. It makes my Blackberry useless, aside from the fact that you misrepresented the sale.What is my recourse here?

I love the phone thats the reason why i bought this for my daughter, I have not hear from her,but i know she will love it.

Well, I think that the phone its Refurbished, so I dont know why u put at NEW Phones, whatever i hope the phone work fine for a long time. If the phone its Refurbished just let us know, dont sell like NEW ONE. theres alot of pll scamming ppl, selling Refurbished as new one.. NICE for u.. NEW 230 USD, Refurbished 174, I  pay 230 for 1 Refurbished! LOLdissapointed indeed.

Thanks for your attention besides the satifaccion me with you when you purchase a good product and a very affordable price really lucky and am grateful that I continue the successes ....

Pros: And this is the best BB released. Touch screen sensitive as iPod / iPhone. Fast recharge, fast sync, fast browsing. And as vendor announced works with any GSM carrier plus Blackberry plan (your phone operator BB plan as BIS, BES, etc). Detail: I live in South America and worked without any problem.Cons: The only bad thing is you can not choose different e-mail at once to delete or copy it to specific folders, maybe is something I didn't find yet.

Delivery was on time. Phone works fine except that when I plugged it in to charge it the touch screen stopped working. I had to turn it off a few times until it started working again. It seemd used because it had some contacts in the Blackberry Messneger.

GET THIS PRODUCTO.CONFORME INCONVENIENTE.RECOMIENDO WITHOUT ME LIKE THIS PRODUCT THANKS MUCHO.MUCHAS.FUE and was exactly as described by the EXELENTE PURCHASE

buy a Blackberry Torch 9800 Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, Full QWERTY Keyboard and 4 GB Internal Storage - Unlocked Phone, the how is not unlocked, no box came with a charger which does not belong .. I was deceived by the seller therefore do not recommend

The guy I bought it for is mentally ill, but by watching  through the help videos on the phone he knew exactly what to do.....

el telefono es reconstruido tiene uso de datos y de voz y la empresa Celular Lounge Inc. me vendio el telefono como nuevo.

the phone comes with the pin and imei blocked by RIM, that is not working, I feel cheated I feel that I lost my money, it pays me spent?

Just another great cell.and price.awsome too .plus black berry brand its the best. And my kids love it. Great buy

purchased this phone as a christmas gift, after 3 months phone stop workingI took it to a technician  in my country to see what the problem was. I was told that the phone was not brand new but refurbished. this phone was bought from cellphonecheap company.i am very disappointed as i paid for a new phone and received a refurbished phone.I would not recommend to buy from this company, they gave me a 6 for a 9 . thanks a million

Refurbished product looks not new as indicated porq had to send him to repair to change the flex and some bad keys



sirve muy bien, vino con todos sus accesorios y es un telefono completo, todavia lo tengo en uso y bien

I ordered a new phone buy got a refurbished one. Could clearing see it was used didn't even need a close examination. Order new phones at a risk of getting a used one for the price of a new phone. dissapointed indeed.

It's all a matter of what you are comparing it to. The battery life is bad compared to other BB models, but better than a lot of other smartphones. My friend with his HTC Evo would love to have the battery life I have with either the 9800 or 9810. He can't go more than about three hours of heavy use before needing to recharge. I have found the slider to be very well built compared to others (like Palm Pre models for example. Yes the 9800 does lag sometimes. It doesn't have the screen resolution or processor to compete with the iphone or high end android phones. It wasn't meant to. It's strength is that it has both a physical qwerty keypad and a touchscreen, making it a smartphone for someone that texts and emails a lot. Also, the Universal Search is great. If you are heavy into video watching, get a different phone. The 9800 wasn't made for that. That said, the 9810 overcomes a lot of the performance shortcomings the 9800 had.

I am very satisfied with the purchase you make, because the phone is in perfect condition. I recommend it 100%

Phone had scratches all over the place. It was certainly not as in good condition as described. i would have returned it but I needed it right away.

I Love my new phone it came with everything it said i would come with and it is unlock like it said. It works well with my sim card and btw im in the bahamas. Great product

After one week of receiving this phone, it started to malfunction. It first connected well to my service provider, Digicel. A few days later, the signal was saying SOS. Then the &#34;end call&#34; button stopped working. So I can't &#34;hang up&#34; after a call. I regret this purchase.

It met my expectations. Loving it. Came on time nd its working so good nd am enjoying it to d fullest

Not happy with this product at all. Did not receive what was showed and offered. It is not a new phone as requested. Half the keyboard faulty, battery not new, i was sent a refurbished phone not the new phone i ordered. In fact it still contained old videos from who ever had it from 2009 and 2011.
