
With the iPhone and Android touchscreen slabs saturating the smartphone market, I began to wonder if physical controls were going to go extinct. Sure, iOS4, Android 2.2, and WebOS are all fantastic touch-based OS's, but it's refreshing to go back to a D-Pad based world of Nokia E-series phones. Although Symbian S60 3rd is not flashy, pinchy, nor swipy; it is a very stable OS which runs very snappy on modern hardware like the Nokia E5.Pro's:The E5 comes pre-loaded with tons of software including offline GPS navigation and QuickOffice.it also works very well with Google Sync.Cut/copy/paste work just like a PC: Ctrl- X/C/VThe build quality is solid and expensive-feeling.Con:I would easily give this phone a 5-star rating, but I cannot since the LCD's viewing angles are horrible.I wish the screen had a higher resolution..

Nokia E5 is the best mobile I've never had, the wi-fi, the energy save, the navigator, everything is really good. I love this phone!

I just loved this phone, it's not expensive and better than the black berry that I used to have. It has all the option I need, like dictionary, private no, facebook and many more.I love Nokia, it's the best.

only i miss a larger screen, but mainly is that its software could not be updated, it brought a chess program to edit and save chess games. pgn, not a program to play games, lacks support in your software, especially your operating system.solo le falto una pantalla m&aacute;s grande, pero principalmente es que su sofware no pudo ser actualizado, no trajo un programa de ajedrez para editar y guardar partidas de ajedrez en .pgn, tampoco un programa para jugar partidas, carece soporte en su software, especialmente de su sistema operativo.

This is a great smartphone. I got mine for around $169. for the price, you would surprise with what you could expect from a smartphone. upon open the box, the phone has super nice design with wide-looked screen. I like the metal cover on the back and on the front. the voice is clear and loud. long time battery. cool ovi mapPros: a lot...Cons: volume button on the side is hard to press. Internet apps are hard to used, especially facebook app on the phone; its take like forever to update every time I tried to connect. browser is annoyed if you has familiar with multitabs, so I would suggest Opera for phone rather than installed apps.summary: I would love the phone for the budges. you will love it by touching it at the first time

This product is very Good I suggest you to buy it!!!  I really like itIt came on time and it is exactly like the picture

I just got it today and I have to say it is a major upgrade from a sony ericsson z750a. At first the whole layout of how the home-screen is was a bit confusing to start with and to navigate around finding the features like how to change the timing for the keypad to lock, etc. Also, since I never had a full laid out keyboarded phone it is a bit hard to type but I will get used to the layout. The wi-fi works nicely. I can move at about 20ft from the router and still get good service. I tried out the gps in my area with just the gps feature and no a-gps or internet integrated gps. It was a bit off on the actual location but roughly i could tell where i was. I tried out the internet and local radio (local radio needs a headset to act as an antenna). Both worked really well giving me the song title. The thing i didnt like about the phone is the volume button as i saw someone else also mentioned that in their review. It would be nicer if the button's popped out a little bit more so its not like I'm pressing on the button and the body of the phone at the same time. There is a lot of other features on the phone that i still need to explore. Overall I'm glad with the purchase of this phone :)Update March 6th 2011:This phone is still well and functioning. My only issue with it is that when people call me it doesnt show their name. It only shows their number even after their name and number are on the contacts list in both the phone and on the sim card. So if I dont remember the number I have to guess who the person is who I am speaking to. Im not sure what to do with that issue though. That is why I now rate it 4 stars.Also, the phone comes with the 2gb memory card. Try not to update the maps because then your maps will get deleted (at least that was the case for me). I still managed to get it to work after by using the nokia ovi suite and downloading what I found to be a necessity to have. The gps still works though which I'm glad.

I've been a loyal Nokia user since the 8860.  They have just always been fun, straight forward and easy to use phones.  The only thing Nokia lacks here in the USA is the customization options that the rest of the world enjoys on a daily basis.  Most phones are locked down by carriers and rebranded with their own applications here in the US.  This unlocked GSM capable Nokia makes that a thing of the past.  Don't want to pay AT&T; for an internet fee and a GPS navigation fee?  Done.  Want to delete whatever programs you wish from the phone?  Done.  Want to download apps that directly compete and are better than the ones AT&T; or T-Mobile force you to use?  Done.Calls come through loud and clear on AT&T;'s network.  I have full 3G coverage and have yet to drop a call.  When using the internet away from a WiFi network, you get access to AT&T;'s speedy 3.5G network.  3.5G comes in very handy when using the free GPS turn by turn navigation.  Yes, outside the US Nokia has been doing this for ages.  It's the greedy US carriers that have blocked it all these years.  Not anymore with an unlocked phone from Nokia, although you still need a data plan from your carrier.  Battery life is great too, but that's expected from Nokia.Messaging works great with easy access to received and sent texts, and the keyboard makes for speedy typing.  Plus several of the keys have very handy shortcuts to commonly used features such as bluetooth, emoticons (smileys) , and a flashlight.WiFi is a breeze to use.  You can view networks in range and even set priority levels for which ones you prefer to use.  The screen is a little small to be your go to surfing device, but it's more than competent for checking email, posting on facebook, and looking up sports scores.The device also comes with a mobile version of Microsoft Office document reader.  This is extremely handy for the mobile professional.One other great thing about this unlocked phone is that you can listen to FM or internet radio.  I have missed this feature since AT&T; began locking their phones down around the time of the Cingular branded Nokia 6230 (my still going strong backup phone).  Pair this with a 3.5mm headphone jack and the more than capable music player, and you have yourself a nice little music phone.The only complaint I have with this phone is the cheaper TFT screen Nokia used to keep the cost down.  This does cause the screen to become washed out in direct sunlight, but only from one side.  It's weird, if you tilt the phone to the left, the screen stays bright, but when you tilt the phone to the right, the screen becomes washed out.  With that said, I live in Denver where we get over 300 days of sun every year.  I have yet to be in a situation where I could not read the screen.  If its too dark you can simply change your theme to a brighter, more colorful one to help with visibility.Pros:Rock solid construction3G and 3.5G coverageWiFiFREE GPS TURN BY TURN NAVIGATION FOR LIFEQWERTY keyboard with shortcutsFlashlightInstall and delete appsFully customizable themesBattery LifeCons:Micro-SD card is under the batteryS-60 Symbian has a higher learning curveScreen not up to par with current smart phones

I had this phone for over a yer and hated it. The notification messages are so annoying. I need to press ok or cancel so many times so I can actually get to the task I wanted to. If you are on a budget just buy a cheaper phone, or else go for a smartphone. This in between choice is just not worth the cost. The photo memory is incredibly small so I don't see the point of having the camera at all.

I LOVE THIS PHONE! I had been looking at replacing my old Nokia phone which I also loved but recently was water damaged. I had bought and returned several non-Nokia phones before I bought this one. The wi-fi feature is the best part of the phone since most places offer free wi-fi anyway. The keys are easy to type with and the screen resolution is great. The Ovi maps is a cool feature except I am unsure how recent the maps are and it does not handle road construction or detours well. I truly cannot say enough about the phone, I am a hard person to please but this phone definitely exceeds my expectations. Nokia has made me a life long customer. Hope this review helps.

Nice price, excellent tools, the software is user frendly... I'm using the gps with a GARMIN software without problems... The battery: GREAT, I charge my phone every 2 days after playing games, using several tools...Email: Great, I'M: ExcellentThe camera it's awesomeI really recommend this phone, but get a bigger micro SD CARD, you will need it

All it's supposed to be (and more). Battery lasts me an unbelievable 5-6 days with moderate use (text/voice). Well worth the $100 (approx) price tag.

I bought this phone in September 2011 and at first I wasn't that impressed, I didn't understand the navigation or operating system, but after playing with it for a few weeks and doing some research on it, I love it. Recently, (4 weeks ago) I received an Android touch screen from my husband, so I immediately switched my number over. I missed my Nokia so much that I transferred my number back today. Yes, the Android has more apps, but the only app I used that I can't get on this phone is angry birds for my kids. I'm a you tuber and I missed the ease and quality of you tube from this phone. It really is a good quality phone. Great camera in it as well, I've blown up images to 8x10 flawlessly.

This is by far the best phone I've ever had. Easy to use, a lot of useful apps, where I was amazed with it's GPS. Great keyboard and very nice to use. I higly recommend

the phone keeps on going off...i cant rely on this phone at all..i want a replacement or my money back.

I bought this phone a year ago and still keep discovering new features.It's simple to use as any Nokia phone.So much better than an iphone 4.Bettery life is amazing!The camera has great resolution and different effects for pictures and videos.Compatible with all apps such as Foursquare, Whatsapp,etc.Compatible with office documents.Email set up is great, you can add as many email accounts as possible and have your emails on the main screen along with shortcuts to any applications you want.It stores around 5000 messages, and when it gets full it keeps storing messages, the only difference is that you get no sound.You can have a lot of apps open at the same time and switch from one to another in no time,Internet browsing is great too, you can scroll to pages easily, download music and videos with no problems.The resolution to watch videos is perfect!If you like apps, social networking,need access to email, office documents etc. this is the best option, for work or fun!

I absolutely love my E5 over the blackberry tour that decided to turn off randomly and never to turn back on again. I was first introduced to the E5 earlier this year when I had bought this phone as a present for my bro. Testing it out at that time was an incredible experience. I loved it so much that I bought this as my christmas preset. I am sure this phone has it's drawbacks like the lack of decent apps from the ovi store or not having a touch screen. I prefer the keyboard to text or type rather than the touch screen mini-keyboards on many of the popular brands today. This phone also has Wi-Fi, which can be used for email, web, facebook, twitter...whatever, thus even if you have a limited data plan (or even no data plan) - you still have wi-fi! The most important feature of this phone, which is often overlooked in most of the reviews these days for smartPHONES - Yes it does make phone calls and the quality is good. The wired hands-free handset does not work though. I haven't been able to make it work yet (It should be pretty simple...right). Apparently there have been some issues with the E5 and the hands free feature. It has Bluetooth though which works just fine!All in all - a good phone for the price and for the value and features. In my opinion this one has some better features than the E71. Camera is better, max memory support is bigger, and I don't think E71 has wi-fi.Hope this has helped the future buyers of this phone. I am getting to ready upgrade another family phone to the E5.

good night, I also ConPro an e-5 and I have always used Nokia, but I use my wife two weeks and did not ever turn, brings him to this day to repair and I say it has no arrangement, the source qyemo power. I must do to claim my money, these phones are repowering and deceive us, especially Latinos. I DO NOT THINK AGAIN BUY AT AMAZON AND THEY SHOULD DO SOMETHING AGAINST THESE CROOKS

This is a good product, very intuitive and by all means, the best in battery endurance. The screen is rather small and hence sometimes difficult to read. In any case, I would very much recommend it to anyone nor looking for something out of this world, operation is simple, sound is perfect and price is good.

I bought this phone based on the reviews here on Amazon. My old phone was a bare-bones Nokia I had for years.I bought the E5 because of the GPS feature and I didn't want to spend a lot of money.  The GPS is excellent; equal to or better than my Garmin.  I live in Almaty Kazakhstan and just a Garmin map for my Nuvi was a $200 adder from the one and only Garmin store here.  The E5's map is from Google Maps and is excellent in both directions and language options which can be downloaded for free.  Favorites are easy to save and lat-lon easy to read so they may be entered into Google Earth although this has to be done manually.  I am sure the rest of Kazakhstan will be just as easy to Navigate as Almaty; no simple feat!  GPS is a real life saver here and it is so nice to have it handy inside my phone. I just found out today Google Maps has a separate download that uses cell towers to approximate "My Location" without the use of satellites.  It pins me down to within a 60 meter diameter which is a nice function when I can't get a satellite signal and I want to know where I am.I am new to web brousing on a phone.  Also new to many of the apps available.  I have had the phone almost a month now and am just starting to get used to what it can do. It is not as user friendly as I would like but I can navigate quite well now.  Skype on Wifi works good but you have to go thru several screens to get to it.  The version of Yahoo Mail that the phone came with didn't work on Wifi but a downloaded version from Yahoo does. It would be nice to have a touch-screen for these applications and the next phone I buy will likely have it.  I would get more from a sim card with 3G but frankly the cost oughtweighs the expected benefits.Camera and video work quite well also.  5 mp is more than I ever need for pics.  Battery life is so far excellent.The keyboard is crisp and the characters easy to access even though I have quite big fingers. The display is quite bright even in sunlight.On the down side is the fact that there is no touch-screen and the time it has taken me to figure out the functions I use. The volume control on the right side of the phone sucks but I don't use the phone for music so it is no big deal.The phone has all the features I need. But I can live without some of the conveniences offered by other phones costing several times as much.

The product works fine. It is what is said in the description and is shown in the pictures.No regrets.

The reason I keep buying NOKIAS is b/c of the value you get with the money you spend. This case is no different. This is my 4th NOKIA, with the E71 being the last one I owned. At first, I was thinking about getting an N8, but opted for this instead. According to PHONEARENA.COM, its got the same hardware inside...256 MB Ram and 680 MHZ Processor. Though, I must admit that is a really good looking phone. Tempting as it may have been, I haven't had stellar experiences with a NOKIA that is not E-Series. And the fact that the battery isn't removable didn't quite help in my decision.I bought this one at Newegg as it was cheaper than Amazon at the time. If you need a budget phone with capabilities of high end phones, this phone is for you. If however, you have high expectations, thinking this a "Blackberry" killer, skip it.Likes:>FREE Lifetime Navigation(spoken turn by turn directions) with FREE MAP UPDATES. You could use this offline, with no internet access as the maps are already preloaded on the Micro SD Memory card. You can update this using OVI MAPS Software.>Call Quality. After a month of use, so far no call drops and everyone sounds crisp and clear.>Response is pretty darn good in comparison to all other Nokias I've owned. Meaning programs load faster and run smoother.Dislikes:>VOLUME BUTTON! YOU WILL HATE THIS! WORST BUTTON ON ANYTHING I'VE EVER USED. This is especially irritating if you plan to use this to play your tunes, which I used to do with N97, 5800, E71. You need a lot of pressure to turn the volume up or down. If you plan on keeping it at a constant volume, this is not a problem. But it is for me.>Browser...Stay away from their browser, use OPERA MOBILE 10 instead. I've had the browser freeze on me a couple of times.>Looks. Coming from an E71 it's a downgrade.

This phone is such a bargain for your money. It is easy to use, has all the features you would want in a smart phone, has great battery life and even wifi... I had this phone for a year and it worked great. I dropped it in coffee and then used it for 6 more months because I didn't want to entertain getting a different phone or a newer model. When I did purchase a new phone, I bought this one again because you won't find a better phone for this kind of money. The OVI maps feature is amazing and works world wide. Wouldn't want own a different phone.

Excelente producto, llego a tiempo y en perfectas condiciones, el celular cumple todas las expectativas, es muy bello, facil de usar. excelente producto!

I received the cell phone, but not arrived the Micro SD of 2GB.Could you help me, please as soon as possible?I await of your prompt responseAtte.Andres Oyola Garcia

I have been buying Blackberry phones for a few years now and I have noticed that the difference between Nokia and Blackberry is remarkable. Nowadays the market is completely full of bad refurbished Blackberry phones. A refurbished phone can only last barely a year and the only way you can get a new one is by buying it from a carrier. On the other hand when I received the Nokia E5, I realized that this was an excellent phone (A new one). It has been great, totally different from the other phones sold (Even here on Amazon). I totally recommend this product to anyone who is willing to let the Blackberry Messenger go and instead receive a high quality product. The applications and software in the Nokia E5 are pretty good also.

This phone works for me. I don't use the internet often. The screen is a little small for browsing but that is not what I got it for. If you use the internet on your phone a lot you may want a bigger screen.

Excellent product. It reached its destination in perfect condition. The features are incredible. A highly recommended phone and a good price. Thanks, Amazon

I own this same phone for over a year now, can say i have any issues with it. still works great even after i have drop it a dozen times. Also its very fast enough to check my mail, use it as a music player. best part battery last very long even up to know, i get around 3 to 5 days battery life. like that i can just quickly pull phone out of my pocket press space bar and bam the flash  light is on. takes great pictures at night for a camera phone not made to take professional pictures lol and  not far at night either.i Use Opera to browse the internet much faster.and palringo for all my chat services.would recommend.

I was hesitatig about buying this product since there some reviews stating that this phone is below E72. Well, it is in absolute numbers since it does not come with secondary camera, which I've never used in E71 and E72, however, the SO is clearly more stable and runs faster, designed also to incorporate facebook and twiter among other social networks apps natively.Also, the assisted GPS computes your position faster than E72. I can say this because I did a simple benchmark between them. E5 took less than 10 secs, E72 more than 3 minutes.The keyboard, although similar in size and key distribution, is more comfortable, I guess it is due to an improved key shape and they are slighly wider, which is very noticeable when writing.The camera is 5MP, I guess is the same. I have to say that comparing only pixels in c&aacute;meras is like comparing food only with calories or cars with hp. There are more things to evaluate.The construction.... well, I don't know why people complain a lot about plastic construction since it's very similar to that of the E72, all plastic but the battery cover, made of stainless steel, which gives a nice feeling. Ok, it is not fron a casting as the E71 but that doesn't mean it has a weak built, it feels rock solid and less suceptible to be damaged since it weights less and then less energy is needed to be absorbed, thus less prone to be damaged.In general conclusion it's a great phone, with less features like the secondary camera, which I never use, but it costs less and IT HAS improvements learned from the very unstable E72.

Im moving from a full touch screen to this, but i'm growing to love it. it is very neat, love the design. and the qwerty board is excellent. I have not experienced any lagging, thus far. Or difficulty seeing the screen in sun light like a review i saw before. I live in Jamaica and when im outside in the sun i have no probs seeing the screen. So if i love it so much why not five star??? I have 3 issues with it: 1. the camera is fixed focus (however i cant be too hard on that because i knew what i was getting into lol). 2. I sometimes have wifi connection problems. though i'm really not sure if it is the phone or my router (will update on this when im able to use another WLAN) 3. YOUTUBE!!! i know it has a youtube app which plays the vids ok, but its too limited. Im a youtube account holder and with this app i cant access the different options. and the app does not show all my subscriptions. I just wish i could watch vids in the regular web browser and have more control.Otherwise from those 3 issues i love the phone ;)UPDATE!!!!!I  used my Nokia E5 with other WLAN and it worked perfectly, so i realized there was something was wrong with my router ;)

I bought this cell phone to replace a Blackberry I had for a few years. I loved my B...berry, but this Nokia has WIFI and other nice features for a better price. I love it. I don't really play games, but it doesn't have any...I think you can download them. It is definitely good for business and working people, but I love it. Easy to use and nice look I love it...long battery life. Many many positives. I have since bought one for my husband and several of my friends have these Nokia's too.

HI,I have purchased this phone Nokia E5.And I believe this phone is worth to buy as it is value for money ! Easy usages and multi-tasking is possible i.e. do browsing, reading messages, open maps and listen music. You can see one thing only but rest things are run in background(do not expect everything is visible at a time :D )Also can configure multiple emails, install multiple applications. But one thing need to mention compared to iPhone, Ovi has limited applications :(Camera is 5MP, not that much good as Samsung S which has also 5MP camera, but still a good quality camera.If somebody is looking for good qwerty key pad phone and not much costly so go for this phone.

if you want a nokia thats not under at&t; or tmobile's control, then this is the phone for you, download whatever you want, use tethering, free maps with voice over navi, install apps from the apps store or from your pc.but thats not why i gave it 5stars... i gave it 5stars because its a PURE business/corporate phone, with this piece of machinery you can connect to you intranet, open intranet sites, use vpn, use communicator, access office exchange mails, its like i'm plugged into my office computer, i chat with co-worker's (while they think i am in my office)...so if you want a business phone and you dont have money for the E7, then get this E5, they do the same thing essentially

After an extensive search, we chose this phone for our Mobile Captions Application. ([...]). The application allows you to Speak, listen and READ at the same time....for people who are hearing impaired. The phone has an M3/T3 rating, so you can use it with hearing aids, also comes with earbuds and a little USB cord.The screen is bright and easy to see, the battery life is very good.  The buttons, although small are very well-designed so that typing is easy. I find it easier than my touch screen BlackBerry Storm.  The lock/unlock feature is a bit awkward, so we actually disable the autolock before we send out a phone.Other things that makes this phone is how well-built it is and the price..considering the features, the price is amazing.Also....it has WIFI. This is increasingly important, especially if you are in a 2G area.  And it is pretty simple to set up. Warning...disconnect it after use, or it zaps battery life.Check out the service and features for your hard of hearing parents or friends.This is a great Nokia Smartphone, well-built and well-priced. PS. I have found the Nokia customer service to be excellent!

Isn't the best smartphone but it satisfied my needs except when I try to connect to my blog or find something in internet. For the oldest will difficult to read for instance WhatsApp messages, and almost impossible to see the cursor.

One year ago I bought an E7 with a sliding key board. The unit had everything I was looking for. However my need is limited, emails, SMS, GPS, Phone use, music, some photos and pictures, etc.  This unit is a step down from the E7, meets my need and is very usefully at an affordable price.

Very good mobile device, many new features ... I really liked the color ... size .... Thanks nokia for this team good team .. buy it ....

I have owned and loved Nokia phones forever it seems. After my N8 purchase, I was tired of many bugs, and mad at Nokia for waiting ages for Anna update to see it later fail every installation with useless help from their technical support - I had to install all components manually based on Nokia blog tips. However, My wife's old Nokia 5800 died and she wanted a new phone. Since I only buy unlocked phones (we use them a lot overseas with different SIM cards) I did not have too many inexpensive choices. She needed a phone that would give her GPS, free maps and voice guidance without data access, and for than Nokias are the only game in town. When she got this phone something was not installed properly and her contacts would not even start up. After a lot of struggle I decided to do a hard reset (not a soft factory reset, which did not work) and it started working fine. Since then she has loved it. She does a lot of texting and keyboard works great for her (I hate it). She likes the white version that sets it apart from all the blackberries.  I take one star off for getting brand new phone with one of the main apps not starting up.

The E5 is a great biz phone for those who like this kind of phone. It can read and edit .doc, .xls (others not checked).It installed and ran Opera Mobile/Mini without problem. Great security  In addition to the encryption function for memory card and phone memory, it does auto-lock 'securely' (meaning requiring passcode to unlock); it can run 'mobile cipher' to further encrypt at the file level; and the 'remote lock' function works well, using just sms (and upon remote lock command, the memory card is locked also.). However, the menu is quirky and may be a bit frustrating for some folks. Great sensitivity, cell and wi-fi signal-wise. And it is bundled with a 4G memory card and a short 6 inch cable. The keyboard is good and the d-pad is great and clicky. Good battery life. Too bad the phone cannot be on steroid, to have a larger screen.

I m very unsatisfied with this phone. it works slowly and often I have to take the battery off and restart the phone.the battery went out of order after using it 5 months. it works only one day. on the morning the phone is off.

I am fairly new to online shopping let alone to electronics shopping online. I obtained a great product at a great price. Customer service and the shipping were delivered beyond my expectations. Look forward to finding such great deals in the near future.

Its a great product.. it works very well, its easy to use and I loved teh design.

I decided to buy this cellphone for me during my trip to USA. I admit I was afraid to buy a product in a website I've only heard (there isn't Amazon.com in Brazil) and I wanted a unlocked one that work in my carrier. I was fortunate, because the product came in time and in perfect state, without any kind of problem, in a locked box. I'm not suprised with the cellphone, because I always knew that the Nokia brand was good. The functions is amazing, mainly the internet usage and the 5.0 mPx camera. Thanks!

I bought the phone sold on it's HSPA 10.1 capability and the freedom of an unlocked phone. The phone was very disappointing as many mainstream Symbian apps do not work on this device. I used the phone on AT&T and the performance on this compared to a Samsung Captivate and an Iphone 4 was downright atrocious. Slow speeds and so so call quality. The keyboard is actually OK. If you are considering an unlocked phone and want a 3G smartphone this is definitely not the way to go. Spend a little more and buy a Blackberry or Android device.

I have to admit i was considering giving this phone 5 stars, but then i also thought I could easily give 3. Landed in the middle with 4 stars in the end. I've had this phone for a few days but having previously owned an N73 and a 5800 music express, continue with good old symbian was a smooth transition. That is also a sore spot for me because this phone was released August 2010 and its still running the same old software. Granted it has a few firmware updates from the E71 (i also purchased one of these as a gift for a friend), its still not enough. However, overall this device is quite functional with WiFi, 3G, GPS, Push Email, Quick Office, all types of messaging, good battery life, 3.5mm headphone jack (the E71 had 2.5mm), up to 32gb memory cards, it filled the gap my 5800 left and i was able to get back all of my apps.I was worried about always having to use a qwerty keyboard (the 5800xm provided both that and an alpha numeric pad) but so far the experience has been good. I have big fingers and I don't particularly find the keypad to be cramped. It is much more spacious than the E71. The major con is that the camera is awful. For 5mp it is simply poor. And Nokia making it fixed focus...I really don't see the rational as all of their previous 3.2mps have auto focus. Somehow the flash is overpowering, so night pictures just come out white. But in good light it seems pretty decent.I should also note that this is the cheapest phone I have ever purchased but it has the fastest processor (Hope there isnt some hidden problem yet to be discovered). I haven't experienced any sticking switching between apps so the extra boost the 256mb of ram gives is quite apparent. All in all i'm quite satisfied, but refrain from giving it full stars because it doesn't do anything new. It falls in line with the 5800xm in features that I need in a mobile but the low price tag bumps it up a few notches.

While not a full smart phone, many users will find that most common apps are supported with this inexpensive phone.  If you want email, light browsing, facebook, camera, music, text messaging, maps with GPS, etc. for 1/4 of the price of a full Android phone or iPhone then this phone will do the job.  It comes unlocked and worked out of the box with my SIM card in Costa Rica.

I agree with the majority of reviews I read before buying this phone. It's a solid build, feature loaded but it's not for a web/social/mail/app hardcore user.I use facebook, e-mail casually (once or twice a day), don't play games or browse the web often, so It's just perfect.The keyboard is very good (I have never had a phone with keyboard before) so I was a little sacred at first but after a couple of days it feels just right.For USD 199, it's a great value!My only concern is battery life, which lasts 3 to 4 days at low usage. But I guess it's kind of standard for a Smartphone.All in all I recommend this product.

Got this phone for my dad ...... my dad loved it, so did I. Has awesome features and looks gr8. Easy to use interface for a smart phone which my dad could learn who is not even close to being  a tech savvy.

I had a Blackberry Curve break that I really loved, but didn't feel like shelling out big bucks or getting stuck with another long contract under T-Mobile. This is pretty user friendly and similar to the blackberry, better price, and takes WAY better photos. Easy email setup. Still messing around with it but happy.

I first purchased the Nokia C-3 for my sister and she liked it and I liked the keypads better than my BlackBerry 9780. So, when I saw this Nokia E-5, I liked the looks better. The keypads are soft to the touch like the Nokia c-3. The letters keypads will turn luminous for easy typing on night time as you press each one, that's the only downside for me because my eyes are sensitive to brightness, but it's a cool features when typing in the dark, actually. I bought the white one, and the looks is so sleek and displayable; in fact I liked it better than my BlackBerry Bold 9780.

Looks good, but the camera is not clear. The 5MP pictures looks worse than my LG phone of 3MP.And the battery is not good. Just one day with a little internet.BTW, when I say the camera, the flash light may be the cause. It's so bad to use it in a room without enough sunshine.

I got this yesterday and I don't write many reviews, but this phone merits one immediately. This phone has undoubtedly the most bang for the buck. The price is outrageously cheap for what it offers which is wi-fi, all kinds of business apps, a small but brilliant screen, and on and on. I have had a few Nokias, liked them all, and I have an iPhone which I bought unlocked from HK. Too much money, but what are you gonna do. What I would do now had I to do it over again is buy this one, but it wasn't on my radar screen. The iPhone is great, but I go out of the US often and so bought a Qsim thingie that would let me switch over to another country. It worked ok for a while, although it was not the most handy since it had the other sim cards, normal size, outside the iPhone. It started causing trouble, so I canned it and looked for another phone for the other country. If you do business, this is great. If you do other social stuff, this is great. You will not go wrong with this phone at this price, and Amazon to have it at this price is doing something right. 5 stars. Highly recommend.

I have had this phone for a while and it has served me well. It isn't the most tech advanced phone but it does the trick.

The Nokia e5 is an electronic Swiss army knife. Decidedly not bleeding edge; size, reliability, battery life and quality are all excellent. My wife and I have used these phones every day for 6+ months.My experience...After purchasing an AT&T; GoPhone $50 Monthly Unlimited Plan, I had AT&T; Internet access for several weeks until simply stopped working one day (detected!). This change did not impact calls, SMS/MMS (texts), WiFi or any other features. I could not use the access point "AT&T; Internet" for applications requiring internet access. The access point would show as connected, but could not retrieve any data.Replying to posts...No, a data plan is not required. Adding a smartphone data plan is only required for AT&T; internet access.  Voice calls and SMS/MMS are separate plan features. Wifi internet access and VOIP applications (Skype) are a phone feature and therefore independent.  GAN (aka UMA and T-Mobile "Wifi Calling") is a not supported on unlocked phones. Some phones sold on AT&T; contract (locked, subsidized) require a data plan, this may be the source of the confusion.Yes, they can detect your phone OS. Available detection methods include the browser user agent string (sent with each HTML request) or the IMEI number (avoid providing the IMEI number).Yes, the Nokia e5 is a smartphone.  If detected you cannot use the "texting/feature" phone data plan.  AT&T; categorizes Symbian OS devices as smartphones and therefore excludes them from the "texting/feature" phone data plans.Yes, switch off 3G connectivity when using voice, SMS/MMS and wifi features only (no data plan). This improves battery life and signal strength.  The default is "Dual-Mode" (GSM and UMTS); select GSM (2G) only: Menu>>Control Panel>>Settings>>Phone>>Network>>Network mode>>GSMYes, I'd suggest AT&T; over T-Mobile. AT&T; provides better coverage and unlocked device support. AT&T; operates GSM in the 850 (distance) and 1900 (speed) Mhz bands, where T-Mobile is exclusively 1900 Mhz.No, new app {blank} will be not be available soon.  Nokia is dropping Symbian OS for Microsoft Windows on new high end phones.  While more mature, Symbian never enjoyed the same developer support that Apple iOS and Google Android have.  On the plus side, you are not restricted to a single source for all your apps either.  Existing software includes excellent business apps and covers the major social networking services too.

I bought this phone on November, 2010 and I must admit that while the screen gets scratched more than easily and the phone freezes constantly I had been okay considering the price I paid (under $150 with 2 day shipping by that time). Last week however I woke up late to go to college to find out the phone had died.It won't go any further from the Nokia logo showing up and then white screen of death. This phone is still under warranty yet Nokia doesn't know what's wrong with it and it's been 4 times in the care center without any apparent progress.I am giving it a last shot before returning it as such a short life cycle is unacceptable.

Great phone. Surpassed my expectations. Easy to navigate. great tool to text with and takes a great pic.You can use with media text on AT&T; no problems. I liked it so good I bought my wife a white one.

great phone... Easy to use, nice quality... Love to use whatsapp, skype, ebuddy... You can't find any better phone for the price... But, if you compare it with other new cellphones, this is very "old school"... You don't have great apps lika the one you have for android or IoS... It felt a bit old tecnology... Symbian goes really old agains other softwares... But if you only want a cellphone for talking, sms, basic app like whatsapp, skype or ebuudy... With wifi and 3G and no fancy apps... This is your phone...  and i repeat... Nothing better for the price!

I have ordered this Nokia for a christmas gift. i have open the box, but i can't turn on the phone. i have charge the battery 2 days long. but the phone not goes on.

Very good worth. It's not an i phone but works perfectly for what i need.

Wanted an unlocked phone so I would not be locked into on service provider.  This is only way to go folks, I am saving at least $30/month by shopping around and staying flexible.  Phone easily networks with my home WiFi.  Connectivity functions take a bit to get used to but are robust and flexible.  Nokia suite allowed me to update contacts from MS Outlook easily.  Maps work OK but have not played with application in multiple locations yet.  So if you are used to a Blackberry and want a light phone that is built well this is for you.  Keyboard is not as finger friendly as BB Bold but not bad and I am still getting used to feel.  Skype is easy to set-up but if you go to Skype site you may find that application does not work.  Don't worry, send Skype a note and they will send you correct link for this phone's appropriate software (whew!).  Nokia browser sucks but you can download another browser if you use frequently. In summary, if you want a phone/email mgr first and a full PDA second this is a good choice. This allows me to stay connected to my email systems while networked at home or office and not have data charges (and better speeds).  On road all applications via 3G works just fine under current AT&T Go Phone service.

I'm kinda old school when it comes to phones i.e. I mainly use them to text and make phone calls.  I wanted a phone around the $100 mark, which isn't easy if you want something other than an obsolete flip phone.  I use T-mobile and did not want to sign a 2 yr. agreement AND buy a data plan to get a fancy phone.  The chart said this phone would not work on the 3G network; it does though.  I like the features, especially the Free GPS Maps.  It's doesn't have a 3plus inch screen and touch screen but it works fine.  Keep in mind my last phone was a T-Mobile Dash and this one is identical in size.  FYI.  I did see a Nokia E5 with a 3 inch screen and touch screen for $30 more, but I had already bought this one.  I'm happy with the phone.Oh yes, it has excellent battery life; I listened to about 8 hours of music on the phone and only used 1 of the 4 bars.

My Nokia E5 just went blank within about 6 weeks of use. I even wrote a review here. I do not see it. Wonder where it went. Today we called Amazon. Some geek on the other side advised us "Nothing is wrong with the phone". I am wondering...How did he know that? Did he have Telepathy?Eventually, we got some address to send it to.Needless to say ...I am disappointed with this type of customer non-service.And I have been shopping frequently at Amazon!!!

I migrated from Nokia E71, the best smartphone I have ever had so my review is compared to it.PROS:Great 680Mhz processor speed and multitasking.The QWERTY keyboard is a litle wider whitch is easier to type and it has better key distribution.Better menu organization.Faster WI-FI navigation.Easy Email setupGreat 5MP cameraGreat designInternal memory is 256MbExternal memory support up to 32GbExcelent video and sound playbackExcellent quality/price ratio.CONS (What I miss from Nokia E71):Hard plastic body compared to robust metal body of Nokia E71The TFT screen is hard to read at direct sunlightThe external memory is under the batteryThe volume button is TOO HARD.Overall the Nokia E5 is an excelent phone for the price I am very satisfied with it even I miss the points mentioned from the Nokia E71 (Reason I rated it with 4 stars)

Its got everything a business phone should have. Excellent call clarity. Intuitive mail for exchange set up. WiFi works great. The camera works fine. The torch light is very good. Drawbacks - Feeble speaker & the display fades out in bright sunlight.Bought for $170 and its worth every penny!

Nokia is my favourite brand of phone in my opinion way better then an iphone. Very easy to use qwerty keypad. Can use skype, facebook, msn, check emails, go on ebay, download songs, take excellent pictures and a very very long battery life. Love the added torch and plenty of memory for photos and songs. Also has a dictionary, calcutator and quickoffice. This phone has everything you would ever want.

Nice phone,. But compare with other nokia phones there are several options missed.  I expected a touch screen and friendly user menu,

purchased the E5-00 a few weeks ago and so far I am not disappointed. GPS works great. the only downside is the keyboard buttons being a bit small (this being my first QWERTY keyboard). Camera takes nice shots and calls are clear. Nokia is not as userfriendly as Blackberry, but the price makes the difference. Some of the commands are a bit combersome compared to BB. Yet, not disappointed.

I've got this camera for 2 weeks now. I bought it to replace a 5 year old Sony W810i that is aging gracefully.So, I thought I'll give Nokia a chance.Here's my conclusion. Despite boasting a 600Mhz fast processor, you'll find a few lag here and there. Some pauses last for 3 seconds, others 10 - 20 seconds. I find it not only annoying, but tough to understand. I thought Symbian was supposed to be a stable OS.I also found a few bugs. For example, my speed dial sometimes work right. But some other days the phone would just forgotten that I've put a few speed dials settings in it. Then, my sms messages won't be listed in order. They would be jumbled up in any order the phone seems to fancy. Setting it to order according to the date won't do any help either.On the good side, I find the picture quality from the camera to be enough for my everyday needs and the buttons very responsive and smartly built. But again, I just cannot live with a phone that takes a few seconds to process anything.My W810i was a great companion and has never disappoint me. This phone, on the other hand, is almost like a great electronic paperweight.To fix the problem, I tried to get the latest firmware. But no, despite been released for over half a year in my country, Ovi Software and the phone insisted that an update is still not available.I feel like I'm now stuck with an old, senile man I apparently paid a great deal of my money for. Bad luck.

I like it and easy to use and customize, I'll recommend this to my friends, and mysister also like it, she said she will buy one of this kind.

I had wanted a quad band with 3G, unlocked, cellular phone which: I could use both in the U.S. and when travelling overseas; worked with a replaceable SIM that I could credit with pay-as-you-go, prepaid call time; had a keyboard and screen; could connect to the Internet via free WiFi; was manufactured by a well-known company with extensive, relevant experience; had long talk and standby time; and sold for around $150.  The Nokia E5-00 (which I bought on sale) satisfied almost all my requirements (I compromised on a slide-out keyboard and large touch screen given the higher price of such models).  Additional features such as the camera, messaging, maps and others are nice to have -- I might find some of them useful in the future.  Currently, the phone works well and satisfies my specific (if somewhat limited) needs.

During all this time, before I bought this phone, I was analyzing the main differences between Nokia E5-00 and the others like E71, E72, C6-00, 5800 XM, etc., and none of that models surprised me a lot as the one I bought. Performance is better, It has more internal memory (around 256 MB) and support for more external memory cards (up to 32 GB), 5 MP camera (as a standard) and other factors (new S60v3 OS). I'm already feel ok with my new phone, it supports everything about software (Facebook, WLM, Twitter, YouTube, WhatsApp, QuickOffice, etc).I want to recommend this phone, if you are thinking in an enterprise mobile solution; you don't have nothing to loose and very much to gain with this model. If you think which is better, BlackBerry or Nokia, I would say Nokia has many more capabilities than BlackBerry and If you do not want to believe, you can try.

Phones now a days are coming to replace laptops and are packed with as many features ... and so there are different targets for every phone. Some people want run applications, while others like to take pictures and fool around the photos. We could think that business people like a certain type of phone that can read word files and pdf files with ease while they are texting their friend on metro. Having my Nokia N95 phone stolen had me search for simple phone just to call and text. Then I saw Nokia C3 and after comparing many other phones in the same budget finally decided to buy this one because of advanced features of Facebook and Gmail connectivity shipped in with it.Couple of people started the idea that the screen is not bright. While checking screen after turning it on and checking specially under direct sunlight at noon I could clearly make out the text. What was uncomfortable was the sunlight and I think these days you can never avoid sunlight enough... its bad for both you and your phone! In fact the lcd screen is as bright and clear as it gets and anything more would drain the battery -- then you are not getting three days charge free!This is a really solid phone in your my hand and feels right! It looks much better than shown in the image here. People have complement it and it is stylish in its own way. I have dropped it twice now and I feel it's accident-proof as well.My biggest fear buying this phone was tactile response from the keys. While the keys are relatively easy to input my typing speed has not improved, over my Nokia N95 which wasn't qwerty. I think I carry the habit of just using my right thumb whereas this phone (to naturally hold) demands both thumbs.I thought about the interface and and even attempted to redesign the keys and screen to before giving up... Should we get rid of the buttons on the top of keyboard and somehow adopt the qwerty?  This would that make the key's bigger? How can I increase the width of the keys...? What if the ok/green, cancel/red buttons were in the bottom instead of the middle?One of most important keys, the numbers, which are essential to a phone are a bit hidden... but I would get used to it. And the placement zero next to nine is unconventional which I won't get used to. I learned that the large screen rules, and nokia doesn't make the best use of it. Symbian loves to provide maze of options... not taking advantage of the large screen and often it is leaving it blank or small. For instance when you call someone, you have have their name and number listed at all times. One great thing though is that navigating the contact during conversation is possible (that businessman in metro is now cheering this feature with friends in a pub!)Furthermore being thin is a virtue, because it slides easy into the pocket and does not poking out of the pockets like other phones do.The first thing I did with this phone was to turn on predictive text. This made typing faster. The program learns new words, like my last name and doesn't want to replace "salam" with "salami". I wish now  that it memorized wifi names and passwords as well and doesn't ask for them every time! I think this can be set up in the settings somewhere...There are some nice shortcuts on this phone. For instance, if you begin typing someone's name instead of inputing the number the contact list begins to narrow down the list and to provide suggestions... (the businessman can easy find contacts!) Also holding the arrow keys while the phone is lock shows time and date in a large format. The flash light is really a nice feature that cell-phones don't have anymore and Nokia dedicated the space key, the largest key key's to the phone which is awesome.I replaced the memory with 16 buttons to put lots of music on it, and up to 5 gigabit there is no problem. Though creating a playlist and selecting all the songs wasn't easy.The connectivity left something to be desired. The usb cable doesn't have the universal plug (like N95) and it is still not quite so compatible with macs, but having a standard headphone jack means you can connect your favorite headphones. I haven't had a chance to connect to the web with this phone often... which is a promise of this phone. This is partly because wifi and password is required every time (unless they are stored somewhere in the options which i have to find). But I don't rely on phone for internet. But for home and workplace a button shortcut to detect and connect to wifi would have been really nice feature.Another thing that I rely on greatly is the speakers. The position of the speakers are on the back and when talking on speakers its broadcasting their sound away while the microphone is on the front side and it feels either the speaking quality or hearing quality (which ever way you choose to hold the phone) greatly diminishes the sound quality. Also because naturally phone is placed on its back, it feels the ringtone is drained.They photo quality is nice and great to take picture of the note on the whiteboard (remember that businessman?) I took some artistic photos which I uploaded and demonstrates that the quality exceeds our expectations here.All the criticism above just remove one starts and I give Nokia E5 4 stars. Considering the price and the great battery time I would still buy this phone and get it all over with... heck my mac calls it smartphone... gotta mean something?

Nokia needs to dump Symbian and work on Windows/Android. Phone is sturdy, well made, keypad is very good, speaker is good, camera is okay, and it is well featured. On the other hand, screen is not that good, Symbian is just annoying and boring, It takes too long to lock the GPS signal.

First off, I would like to say that when my iPhone broke, I still had a couple of months before I could get a new phone so I decided on something that looked usable and cheap until I could upgrade to the next iPhone. Boy was I wrong. In my opinion, this is the best phone I have ever owned; and is much better from the iPhone and other competitors.PROS:The Ovi Software Suite: Ovi has an amazing array of software that may not be as extensive as the Android or iPhone Marketplaces, but it has all of the necessary applications that are realistic to use in real life scenarios. The sheer amount of default apps it comes with should suffice for most users including the most useful application: Ovi Maps. Ovi Maps is an amazing software that is simply so useful. I never need a GPS again because it has a free one that is simply integrated right into my system. Its free, no need of a data plan, and its updated.The Look & Feel: This phone is one damn sexy phone. Many of my friends have asked me what kind of phone this is because it is simply such a good looking phone. It has a nice aluminum backing on it that gives it a shine and a high build quality feel. It also uses metal in a lot of the front such as for the call begin/end buttons and the hotkey buttons along with their directional buttons. It gives it a high quality feel that when you touch it you know that you're using a high quality device.The Keyboard & Texting: The feel of the keys is amazing. They are slightly raised and bulbous so that it gives you a good feel for each key. The key placement is honestly the best I have ever used on a full keyboard phone, with the space bar being extremely large and placed right in the middle for easy access. The keys are incredibly well placed and after 1 month of use I was able to text accurately and quickly without even looking at the phone because each key was so distinct in feel. I usually was not a fan of the full keyboard (hence why I had a touch screen iPhone before) but this device changed my opinion on it. The texting recognition is very good on this phone and you can easily and quickly fix mistakes with an ever changing and ever updating custom dictionary of commonly used and misspelled words that you type. Its very convenient and very easy to use.Calling: Calling on this phone there is simply no downsides, which is impressive in this day and age. Frequently people forget to mention how important calling other people is because of all the new features phones have. On this device, there is consistent, high quality, and easy to use calling. It has great contact management and makes calling on a phone a good feature instead of a downside like it is on the iPhone. I wish more modern phones did calling as well as the Nokia E5 did because it simply does it the right way, nothing stellar or revolutionary, simply the way calling was meant to be done. And on that note, the speakers on this device, are VERY LOUD. So most of the time I would not recommend keeping the speakers all the way up, because when you get a text or call the whole room will turn.Battery Life: This thing is a beast. I send an average of 50 Text messages a day and am constantly checking my phone and doing something on it, and I can get 2 days of battery life. It has a power saving mode that REALLY saves power. This thing is a beast when it comes to battery. Didn't charge it all yesterday and at the time I writing this review only 60% power left. Hell yeah.Other/Miscellaneous: Great Camera (5 MP) I have been complimented on how clear the pictures on my phone come out. Its no Camera replacement, but its not a hindrance to this phone. Awesome Flashlight. By holding down the space bar, the LED used for pictures becomes a flashlight, and it is very bright and very useful. Wifi. Wifi is available on this phone, so you don't even need a data plan because Wifi hotspots are everywhere now. I used to think having a data plan was necessary, but this phone really changed my mind and now my pocket is much heavier because of it. Awesome Profile switching. You can flip between modes on this phone like no tomorrow. There are millions of different sound customizations that you can toggle through so quickly. Its great to be able to switch from outdoor mode to silent mode to pager mode to normal mode in the press of a button. The Amount of features. Although I don't use them, it has the ability to print from the phone, view documents, edit documents, and all this crazy stuff. I have tested it and it works awesome, its nice to know that you can create a powerpoint on your phone and email it to your teacher and then print out your paper from your phone. Also it has flash and java on this phone for youtube and stuff like that. That is pretty sweet.CONS:Video Recording: If you want to record video on your phone, don't do it on this one. The actual video comes out great. BUT you cannot hear ANYTHING. Everything is completely mute and you cannot hear anyone speaking. This is very inconvenient when you simply want to record something, but you simply can't. I really don't record many things on my phone, but now I know I cannot so I simply don't...The Screen: Although this device is great, the screen is kind of crappy. It really isn't that bright, and you have to increase the brightness all the way if you want to view it outside. It also makes images look pixelated and bad because it really doesn't have that great of a resolution. But its useable.The Web Browser: Crashes all the time, really crappy, horrible UI, and its just junk. Download Opera to your phone. 'nuff said.Overall, this phone is amazing. It is $200 of the best money I've ever spent. I prefer this to all phones out there on the market now including my previous iPhone 3G. Sure there are some downsides, but I really don't care. The upsides of this phone are too numerous to count. It is simply the greatest phone for the value and for the features. I would have payed $400 for this phone. When you have this phone, you have a GPS, an internet device, a camera, a music player, and a phone. This is the only device I'll ever need in my pocket. Thank you for reading, and I, once more, HIGHLY recommend this phone.

I had recieved my new nokia E5-00 on oct 4, 2011. The phone looks very good i like it very much. But when i want to connect my phone to wifi/wireless router, it doesn't work. I used no data plan sim card  none att phone company  it can call but not wifi. I found the phone already set by the att company. This morning i called the nokia for supporting me, but they did not figure out the problem. I am so sad....! I don't know how to do it. Somebody can help me ? Thanks !If the wifi works for this phone i will give five star for it, if it locked (Wifi)by att I will give two star for it

I bought this phone for my dad who wanted a smartphone but not a touch screen. He has had this phone for little over 2 weeks now and he loves it.

Bought this phone for my niece. She loved it and still enjoys it. Never complaint about a problem.The phone it self is very nice build and the price is right.

This phone has very important functions that can be used on a daily basis for entertainment as for work, also has very good features like GPS and the application for review and editing of documents officce.Este telefono contiene funciones muy importantes que pueden ser utilizadas a diario tanto para entretenimiento como para el trabajo, ademas tiene funciones muy buenas como el gps y la aplicacion para revision y edicion de documentos de officce.

I enjoy a lot the wi-fi connection of this phone, look so great and the internet looks good in it

Very convenient like a phone, 4 programmable buttons, Active screen allows for 6 shortcuts and overview of desired applications like calendar items, player, and radio. There is also a quick button for Bluetooth on/off.  Easy to read books in txt format. Dictionary with 3 active languages, multiple can be downloaded. Free maps download and offline navigation capable. Opens all office and PDF documents, not really readable on the 3'' screen, but you can preview and print, or save doc files as txt to read. Nokia suite very useful. Easy connect to computer for backup, as external drive, charges simultaneously.With normal use, no mobile internet, some music/internet radio, camera and flashlight the battery lasts for over a week (that's not a joke - is you use it as phone only it can go much longer - I'm impressed).Shortly - has most bells and whistles of much more expensive phones without the touch screen (but I don't miss that).

Very good product, recommend it, great phone. practice is very simple and has many functions good. has nothing to envy to the black berry.

I got my E5 00 yesterday morning. At first I was really excited. The package was brand new. No damages at all.But just after 12 hours, my cellphone is broken down. I have no idea. I was texting with my friend n suddenly it stopped working. I thought it was because of the battery. So i charged it. And unfortunately, in the early morning, it still not working at all......I'm really really upset right now.... :((

Just what I wanted for easier texting w/o paying for data with a smart phone. But the phone stopped working after a month. Nokia took two months to replace it with a Windows smart phone which triggered a data plan as soon as it hit the ATT network. I gave it to my daughter to play games. Ended up with a Samsung Rugby III flip phone, which offers very little to like. Next time I'll just assume the position and get a smart phone. Resistance, as they say, is futile.

First of all I returned this phone the same day it arrived, it does not have a charger that can be used for outlets here in the US. Not sure why company would allow selling of this in the U.S otherwise it is a attractive phone had some charge in the battery when it arrived so I was able to see that it would have been easy to use. It came in brand new condition not refurbished. If you live outside the US then buy it if not stay away from it, you wont be able to usse it.

I bought this phone because of the impresive number of cool features for such a good price. I was impresed with the phone performance until it started failing. It would freeze out of the blue. Unfortunately, I bought two of these phones; one for me and another for my brother in law. I am sad to report that both telephones have been discarded due to constant freeze ups and sudden shutdowns in mid-conversation. They only lasted 5 months.

This phone is super value! E5-00 is a smartphone with a lot of apps, such as weather, E-Mail, Facebook, Twitter, Google Maps, fring, Skype (will not be restricted like those poor Verizon Skype users) and life-time free turn-by-turn voice navigation! And it is also very energy-effective. Usually it is charged every 3 days for me. The only con I found until now is its CPU is too slow, many animation effects of even built-in programs lag and drop frames. But who cares that for a under $200 phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS and free navigation?

I just ordered this cell phone on june 07, i have seen some reviews of this Nokia and they are very very good!I'm waiting for it and i hope that this awesome phone change my life, i have used 2 Blackberry phones (9530 and 9550) but their battery is too bad, and u have to pay the BIS for conect to the web or wireless, this magnific phone i wait gonna be my best phone i have everLcd.Rojas

Great product from an excellent brand, has a very good price and I think it has good ergonomics with both the keyboard and the operating system works properly, I recommend this phone nokia to anyone who wants to buy it.

Ok, first I would said that I felt as being cheated after I bought this phone, its said the item was eligible for free shipping but then I just realized I got charged 6 dollars for the shipping. Usually if we purchase twenty five it automatically free shipping. I guess it has changed I'm just too careless to notice. Oh Well.....About this phone, it's an Ok Phone, for the price that I paid, it much better than the E7 I recently purchased. E7 is very pretty, though it sucks, cant use it after 2 weeks. That's the reason why Im going for this E5, much cheaper and so far so good, the only thing bothered me when I first got it was the processed that I insert the sim card. Jesus, I don't know it was my sim too big or the way Nokia designed E5 Sim's place was extremely small. I literally used the nail file to reshape my sim card to make it fit for the phone. It was crazy, I don't know what i would do if it didn't recognize the sim card LOL. Well I try not to open it ever again cause I worry I won't able to insert it in next time.It's ok, not too pretty, the loud speaker was awesome, camera is average. I love Nokia phones, except for the E7

Very good phone, like all the nokia, but sometimes is a bit slow, although I did software update. I also had to buy a new memory card because the one it brings came almost full, and I dared not to delete anything because I don't know if there is any major facility in it.

I have ordered this Nokia E5 end of November and I've received it in the first week of December 2010.What a disappointment !! The last 2 weeks, the phone kept telling "Memory Full, please delete some data first" when both the phone memory and the memory card (8GB) were good. I have used only 1GB on my memory card and I have on my phone memory 1MB remaining. I did delete some names in my directory, some pictures, all the text messages, and some songs in both memories. Yesterday, January 20th, the phone started bugging. Powering ON/OFF by itself. i switched off the phone, and since then it won't power ON anymore. Actually it does, but freezes when the NOKIA logo appears. I don't know what to do. I have been using the phone fairly. Mostly for text messaging and sometimes to let my 2 years old son watch IRON-MAN on it. Most of the time, I don't use it. Please, can anyone help me? How can I return the phone? what should I do??

I love this phone so far! I had a E63 that I loved and the camera on this model rocks! This was a warehouse deal and it was a great value!

It is a really good phone. good shape and good quality. the best thing I like is the ear-plug which is good for you have a long time talk.

I've been using Sony Ericsson cell phones for the past 5 years or so, and unfortunately decided to switch to Nokia, because I didn't find that many Sony Ericsson phones in my price range. I regret it. Nokia is not user friendly, they make even a simple thing like editing a contact complicated. This phone is too expensive for what is has to offer. Another strange thing: no games whatsoever on the phone...

I have it for about a month now and im getting tired of it. Its really hard to transfer from blackberry bold to this. Many features are so well hidden that I am still learning how to do things on this phone. The operating system for this phone is litlle outdated. But for the price I paid I shouldnt complain at all. I dont know what I was expecting. At least phone looks really cool and has 5mp camera. Service I get with it on tmobile is flawless, I havent had 1 dropped call yet. Txting is also convenient. If somebody figures out how to sort messages by contact please post it, because right now its just a mess. GPS wprks great too. I dont use it very often but few times it came in handy. If you are looking for a cool looking phone, with good camera, and good reception, unlocked for the any network in the world, this is the phone for you. I will most likely switch to another network, when my contract with tmobile expires, but I will save this phone when I am traveling to europe to use it on foreign networks.

I really love this phone. I have had it almost a month now and was not 100% sure of what to expect when I ordered it. I have AT&T; and never had a data plan, so everyone told me that I would get slammed with a minimum of a $15 limited data plan fee as soon as I put my chip in. Nope. This phone was never used or contracted by AT&T; so the system does not recognize it as a smartphone! I did signup for a $10 unlimited non-smartphone plan (on the internet--don't call them!). You just can't call AT&T; and tell them what you have because they will classify you as a smartphone and then you are screwed. It works wonderfully on the wifi portion, very quick and easy. While out, the internet operates on the G3 network and it is fast enough for me. You can set up the phone to always ask before it connects if you don't want a data plan and just want to use the wifi. Internet radio is a fun plus...The camera takes beautiful pictures... 5mp. The video is good when on its best setting, but harder to send through in a text. So you have to downgrade the resolution and it can be a bit pixilated. I have a small video camera I carry for the good stuff though. I haven't downloaded the maps yet, but plan too soon.This phone was supposed to be a kind of hold over phone until the new iPhone comes out this summer, because I needed a new phone but didn't want a new plan. I was going to see if it was an improvement over iPhone 4, but I may hold on to this for a while!I like the qwerty  keypad. The buttons are firm and easy to use... I have large hands and was worried about this. One plus that i didn't realize I would love its the flashlight capability! Its like a flood light! I love it and have used it almost everyday since I got the phone... silly I know!The two negatives both involve the screen. It is plastic, so I got a screen protector for it right away. Also the screen is hard to see in direct sunlight.  These are the reasons I am giving the phone a 4 star rating instead of 5.  I could keep going on about the clear connection during a call or the additional wired headset that comes with it but I think this review is long enough!I will update this if the phone fails in any way or if I find any other negatives, but so far for the price paid, i really am more than impressed.

This is a great phone and the package was on time and came with everything. The phone works fine and I have no issues with it.

I bougth 2 phones to use in Venezuela and they works just fine, they arrived at time and in perfect conditions, i recomend this product as a choice if you don't want a BB

This is a very complete design, it have everything wifi, bluetooth and a very good 3G conectivity. The battery it's very good and it's a very strong design.

I love Nokia phones, and this is one of the best. i am not a person to text and drive or talk and drive. to many bad cincy drivers to not pay attention all the time.easy to use, easy to set up, Wifi

i like nokia phones ,i used few diffrent versions , its my phone, but this one is a mexican made and after 8 months it started turning off an on by itself , acting very funny , the best one those were been made in FINLAND , i think that the main original manufacturer !!

Although not as feature rich as my previous E71, It still has all of the features I really liked. As I have hearing difficulties, the speaker is really excellent. The built in GPS is probably the most used app. With no need for cell service to function , It has been used as much as the voice calling. I even use it for backup to the chart plotter on my sailboat and the GPS in our vehicles.

Good day, I would say that the phone E-5 I've bought since I got the phone faulty switches off constantly and when it does not start light stays on nokia logo, I have made ''two software updates for the page ovi have improved but if not, then I need warranty certificate so that it can lead to directly nokia warranty of my country. agradezceria them if I send him as soon as possible. THANKS

The phone is great, I love the color and texture of its keys. Very good product at a great price

Nokia E5-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Easy Email Setup, instant messaging, QWERTY keyboard, 5 megapixel camera, Ovi Store, Ovi Application and Free Maps Navigation (White).I WANT TO ANNOUNCE THAT THE PHONE IS BAD, I'M FROM AMAZON COMPRARDO PRODUCTS IS THE FIRST TIME THIS HAPPENS ME.

It may be looks cool and may be has a lot of great features, but i bought it a few months ago and last week it suddenly turned off by itself and i couldn't turn it on again. Nokia Argentina won't admit my cellphone because i brought it from the US.Besides that, the symbian software is already old. It's the same software that nokia used for their smarphones in 2007Anyway, don't buy it because you are going to waste your money. Buy instead an Android phone or something like that.

Nokia makes good phones, unfortunately smat2 line has not been very well received. This is a good phone, all the necessary options, I would recommend, it was for my son and to momnento had no problems.Regards

My cell stops working and it can't be repaired. I need to know how you can return my money for this product.

got it on time, easy to use an everything came as promisehappy with the service!!! recommend a 100%. Will buy again in the future.

I bought this mobile for my sis back home and she loves it. All her friends love it too. The fact that its such a light weight, easy qwerty keyboard (big enough to punch effortlessly), nice quality make (not cheap plastic) and got pretty much all the features a business woman needs in a mobile. Quite satisfied with it.

This phone is Fantastic. when It arrived I was amazed. It is the first time when I am using the Nokia. The device also comes with a mobile version of Microsoft Office document reader. This is extremely handy for the mobile professional.The E5 is a really solid phone, with great hardware features.

Three weeks lasted, they where very good, but one day, the phone just died on me, for no reason whatsoever. It started turning off by itself when I Talked more than 2 minutes, then started to freeze, finally it turned off and never turned back on, I have it in Nokia service center, but they say it's out of guarantee here overseas (Costa Rica). So I will have to pay to get it fixed. (If it can). I used to love Nokia smartphones.... now, not so sure!.

i loved this phone the only downfall is the memory ..... i would have kept this phone but it was unlocked therefor when i did the soft reset i lost my unlock status and all my info boooo lol but graet phone pixs an all i loved it...

I bought this item 5 week ago. It started to give errors continuously every 10-15 minutes. I have to take off the battery everytime to restart it. It is not comfortable for texting, in only 3 week period some of the buttons became hard to push.Also, you have to buy at least 4GB memory card to be able to use it. The company gives 2GB card with its memory almost full. I took 6-7 pictures and there was no space in the memory. I'll try it one more week, and if it still will give errors, I will send it back.

Excellent product, very good quality, amazing fit and finish! My wife loved it. It came in a very nice colour and works perfectly. Very good cost/benefit ratio.

I am a long time Nokia user and have great success with them.  Until this phone.  It lasted six months and, quite literally, stopped working.  Purchased a new battery, however that did not solve the problem, the phone was.... dead.  I gave it a burial at sea.

I will not write a technical review of this phone. It does the job well and it is Symbian at its best. However the keyboard, particularly the Home and Messaging key are not too efficient. Even with small fingers such as mine, pressing these keys have a tendency to press along the green or red keys. Even the control pad is not too effcient. The E63/E71 system was fine so why change the design of the keys? Also, present in older E-series, the "Pen" key never should have been abandonned. On the E5 the volume keys are too hard as well.But otherwise, E5 offers a great proportion of quality to price.

I needed a global cell phone for a trip to Europe. This was clearly a good decision and we are very happy with the phone performace. We have had not issues with this phone.

I bought it for my daugther 2 years ago, and she is still using it, for calls, facebook, whatsapp, etc.It's a good one.

Great phone, finicky software.I REALLY wanted to like this phone, a solid phone with great features. But the issues with the software made it a deal breaker.Problems with the system recognizing the email address from the same website, the manufacturer's website forum offered a work around.Then, after a software update, the phone would disconnect from the Internet with no alerts of new emails. I checked Nokia's website to discover that this is an issue with most of the Nokia handsets.I tried removing all the email mailboxes and re-add the mailboxes..power cycle, this would resolve the issue .. for a while and then when checking the emails the red x circle would appear on all email boxes meaning it was disconnected. I had to manually connect the email.I felt that this issue was not worth keeping the phone and I'm returning it.It's a shame as I felt that Nokia offered an outstanding product, however seeing that this is an on-going issue with their phones, this will probably end my business relationship with the company.My search for a GSM qwerty phone continues.

I had this terrible experience with my E5. The first week I was very happy with my gadget, but suddenly one day I was talking, at least I thought, and to my surprise the phone was off. I tried to turn it back on, but it only gave the MEMORY FULL message, so I have not been able to use it again. Had I read this review before I bought this PHONE, I  wouldn't have bought it nor recommend it. I have warned my friends not to even think about buying this. Satisfaction before beauty.WHAT A SHAME!!!

I bought this phone becuase I had one before, its so nice, and I appreciate your help to buy it

good afternoon I am a faithful follower of the Nokia E-series I love the E-5 functionality, software, design, applications and access to email and social networking is great I love it.

I got the 1 for Hanuka present, TOO many problem to configure the mail and some times work and some other don't... 9 months later the mic die and Amazon fully replace for a new one.In the office I got a 5 other team member that got the E5 and 4 of them have the exactly same issue (the counterpart can heard you) 1 or 2 months after warranty expire.Symbian it's not a very smart OS! also all Nokia quality for mobile phones goes somewhere.

small letters and numbers on the phone,not to my likeness,need large numbers,not these tiny numbers,o.k.it is ok for some people

My piece went bad after 2 months, it just didn't start after 2 months and wont charge at all. I have sent that to Nokia for repair, though its repair policy sucks it takes 10-14 days to get back the phone.Otherwise I was quite satisfied with the phone, though its as smart as other smart phones available but it does its job.Camera is not great, pictures are hazy in less light conditions. GPS dont find anything in offline mode. :-(, I bought this coz this is unlocked and I can use it when I goto India...Amit Mehndiratta

Everything I have to say is the same as the other reviews. Personally I feel that this really is a great phone, I originally purchased it because my other phone broke and I can honestly say that I am glad now that it did break because this phone is just hands down awesome. I use AT&T and it was as easy as putting in the sim card, I didn't find it to be locked in any way as someone else mentioned and I have been using it over a month now. The only thing that is a bit strange is that the memory on the phone fills up really quickly- although I believe this to be due to the fact that the external memory card that came with it already had things on it... in my opinion this isn't that big of a deal as you can just put a new card in or delete some of the stuff off of it. If I had it to do over I would purchase it again, also next time I am in the market for a new phone I will be purchasing another Nokia from Amazon- it worked out very well!

I bought this phone for my mom and she is really very happy because she can enlarge the fonts in addition to liking the design and ringing volume.

I bought nokia e5 from amazon..just right after 2 months of usage it started restarting at odd times and eventually it died. It  failed to boot up again..no display no vibration nothing at all..Unfortunately, right now i am not in USA to claim the warranty so it is complete waste of my money. I trusted nokia that it would produce reliable products and i would not require warranty but i was wrong.I found that this is a common problem with E-5..Atention Dont Buy it!!!

This is very nice phone so many futures with a great price and great look, only thing which could have been better is volume keys which are not comfortable, but this would not affect your decision to buy this one.

It's hard to find a smartphone that's not touchscreen nowadays and this one is excellent. I was skeptical about the operating system, but I find using the Internet, etc pretty easy. It's also a really good-looking phone. I set up my Exchange account very easily. The only minus is that the phone doesn't come with any games; apps can be downloaded, but I'm not comfortable with those 3rd party privacy agreements, so I haven't downloaded any. Still, it's a great phone with extra little conveniences that I've missed by not having a Nokia phone for a while, like blinking when there's a missed call/message.

This phone stopped properly working after 2 weeks of purchase. First, it started having memory problems then it started having volume issues where I couldn't hear the person I was talking to because the volume would re-adjust itself. Now I can't even move data to my sim card and I can't use this phone to it's full capabilities because it just freezes. I have to store small amount of data otherwise the phone applications take a long time to open. Seriously I'm not a picky person but this is one of my worst purchases.

Great phone, if you like how it looks buy it very easy to use.. not very stylish for some ppl.

I was very excited to get this phone, since it is my first smartphone. I had great expectations but got a little dissapointed on the 4th day of use when a notice starting showing up that said "memory full", or something like that. Immediatly went to find information about this on forums and it seems to be a problem for many nokia smartphones. Still, I went through all the recommendations and finally erased a few applications that came with the phone and the message stop showing up. I hope it doesn't return, since its probably a bug in the system. I didn't even started downloading stuff when it appear. I think its a good phone compared with its price.

this phone arrive on time , and acepted the sim card without a problem. I was able to make a call right away.

like this nokia e-5 although i didn't buy it 4 myself.i have been a nokia guy from the time i started with cell phones so i got my girl one.only problem is that flashlight works and stops on its own.my girl just called me up and told me it stopped working

I have had this Nokia for about two weeks now and hadnt written a review cuz it's been under observation jajaja.I got it, slipped in my SIM card and that's all (I am in Venezuela). Calls care clear. Full 3G. Battery life is great too (it takes me 3 to 4 days before recharging - and I get calls every so often). Bluetooth,Facebook,Twitter etc. Messaging works great. The only negative is it doesn't come with special features to block certain aspects of the telephone (like samsung),  instead you have to block the whole phone from unauthorized use.

I gave my Nokia c-300 to my son, and purchased this one for me. And Ive gotta say I really love Nokia.

First of all, I have to admit that I am not a big fan of writing reviews.  But, for the Nokia E5, this one deserves my time and effort.  For starters, you have to give credit to the company, all they do is phones and their parts and software can be found all over the world.  We go back and forth to the US, so this is a big buying point for us.Now for the review: the phone is solid; not plasticy or flimsy.  Guiding your way around the phone is easy and adventurous.  Accessing wifi, bluetooth, email, and SMS are very user friendly.  One user complained about the volume button, but I actually prefer that it is somewhat difficult to adjust.  I don't want it to change it every time I put it in my pocket.  In my opinion, the Keyboard is just the same if not better than the Blackberry.  I did not choose the Iphone 4 or mac products because I don't want to be sucked into the mac world.  I do have a life away from my phone.  It is all the screen I need.  If you want a bigger screen, buy a laptop.Pros:User friendly interfaceBattery life is greatKeyboard totally rocksMS office compatibleCamera with flashclear screen.Cons:Now my wife wants one

Nokia E5-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Easy Email Setup, IM, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Ovi Store with Apps, and Free Ovi Maps Navigation (White)Sold by: Amazon.com LLCNot received the invoice for the phone, please if you can send them to me. thanks

Have had mine (white) about a month.Very good call quality.Very good keyboard. Can accurately thumb type fast enough to make texting & email practical.Syncs reliably to Mac via iSync plug-in.Syncs reliably to Nokia Ovi Suite on Win7.Nokia email app good for most users. For those with quirky email needs, ProfiMail from LonelyCatGames is great.Nokia browser is pretty good, but with the memory available on the phone Opera Mobile browser is a must have.Nokia chat app is very good.FM radio and the Radio app work great.Battery life is really good. However, once it gets drained to some unknown point, it seems to die pretty soon after.Screen is a bit small for me since I came from a E61 and XM5800. It is quite readable and fairly bright.Only four stars because of the need to install a 3rd-part shell/task/app manager (HandyShell in my case) and the lack of depth in apps at the Nokia Ovi Store and the fading support for Symbian S60 in general.

Amazing cell phone for me. Not need more expensive. Lot of apps. Easy to use. Arrives on time. I will recommend this item.

I bought this phone based on how much I love the E63.This one as I understand its the next gen version of that phone. It has a lot of good stuff in it, features and software. But its keeps freezing, you cant multitask anything cause the phone will start running out of memory. I have owned it for 7 months and I just cant help but be annoyed. It feels like they packed so much into the phone that it cant handle it.I dont want to complain on getting too much, but it seems like this phone was rushed and not really properly designed. You have no idea how many times its restarted on its own, shuts off on its own, gets frozen. And the camera flash on the camera is so bad, makes every picture look faded.There has only been one firmware update since, which I hoped would address any of these issues but it didn'tI do like the GPS, mp3 player on e63 was better, you could still switch songs even if the phone was locked, the volume rocker is so stiff and the picture viewer doesnt allow for zooming into pictures.And pro side, it has a lot features and the reason I got was so I could use 32gb SD in it, but this phone has been the reason for so many frustrations that I just wish I could go back to my e63. The e63 had hot swappable SD this one is is under the battery. It's crap.

Nokia como siempre fabricando excelentes equipos a mi parecer. En este caso el Nokia E-5 directamente de Amazon.com LLC, desbloqueado y con todos sus accesorios, incluidos microSD 2GB, tiene mejores caracter&iacute;sticas que el C3 y el E-71, la c&aacute;mara 5 Mp hace fotos muy buenas y su flash es excelente para sitios con oscuridad. Trabaja con la banda de 1900 MHz para utilizar con Movistar y Movilnet en venezuela. Recomiendo eliminar ciertas aplicaciones que traen por defecto en la memoria SD como el install del Ovi suite y los mapas Ovi precargados  los que hacen que solamente quede muy poco espacio en dicha memoria e instalar solo lo necesario.

&iquest;Quieres un tel&eacute;fono para hablar, mandar mensajes, navegar por Internet, tomar fotograf&iacute;as y escuchar m&uacute;sica? Pues el Nokia E5 ofrece mucho m&aacute;s. / Would you like an smartphone to talk, send sms and emails, browser web pages, take pictures and listen to music. Then Nokia E5 goes beyond that.Lo bueno / The Good:Dispone de la conectividad HSDPA, c&aacute;mara de 5 megapixeles con flash integrado, el servicio de GPS, teclado qwerty y, sin duda, la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a. Conectivity HSDPA, 5 MP camera with integrated flash, GPS service, qwerty keyboard and large battery durability.Lo malo:El sistema operativo Symbian no es muy intuitivo. The Symbian operative system is not very intuitive.Resumen:Un tel&eacute;fono recomendable para los profesionistas que no se pueden despegar de su correo el&eacute;ctronico y que adem&aacute;s est&eacute;n buscando un equipo con herramientas de productividad como QuickOffice, noticias y calculadora; que les permitan trabajar desde su tel&eacute;fono.A smartphone recomendable for profesionals that can't be away their email account, besides people who is looking for a smartphone with productivity tools like quickoffice, news and calculator, allowing to work from the phone.

it is a great phone for its price.It has many great features. One draw back though is the GPS is sort weak.

I just received this phone today. I purchased it though a "lightening deal" on Amazon.com over Christmas.  My reasons for purchasing this phone were two-fold. #1, I have a really old flip Samsung phone.  I have a prepaid plan with T-Mobile where I only pay $100 per year, and I always have "leftover" minutes as I only use my cell phone for an emergency, so I wanted to "update" my phone.  #2, I wanted to be able to use it when I go to Europe by simply using a different SIM card.I do not have a data plan, as I'm on a prepaid plan.  But the phone is supposed to have WiFi.  Note "supposed to".  I have an iPod Touch, which works GREAT on WiFi.  I was thinking that this phone would be similar to that. . . That I could use many of the features through WiFi.  That doesn't really work so well.Let me just go ahead and list all the horrible things about this phone. . . .* WiFi - It's a nightmare.  I have yet to find a way to tell it to connect to WiFi at my house and leave it on all the time.  There is no "simple" way. . . that I have found. . . to connect to WiFi.  When you try and connect it will then ask you "what you want to do with it" or "how you want to connect".  JUST CONNECT AND BE DONE WITH IT!  If you chose the wrong "option" then it just doesn't connect at all.* I can't tell if WiFi is working or not.* Even if you know that WiFi is connected, when you try and do certain things, it will still try connecting through cell service. . . which it can't do, because I don't have a data plan, so you just receive an error.* The "operating system" this phone uses is supposed to be used by more phones around the world than any other system. . . but. . . there is a reason why it's not used in the U.S. . . . IT STINKS!  On top of this, I recently read that even Nokia is going to stop using it and change to Windows!!!  Listen!  You REALLY want either an iPhone or an Android phone.  Something that is EASY and USER-FRIENDLY to use.  This operating system is NOT easy to use and STINKS!* How many apps are there for this phone?  I don't know. . . perhaps three?  Perhaps not even that many.  You're "slumming" with this phone. . .* It's a pain to take the back panel off.  You have to press-in two buttons, but even then the panel does not pop-open.* If you want to open the USB port, you have to take something and "gouge" it open.* No touchscreen* As a man with "normal" fingers, the keypad is not great.  But then I've never seen one that really was on a phone this size.  Everyone wants tiny phones. . . but then the keys are also tiny.* Have I mentioned that NOTHING is easy about this phone??  It's an entire process you have to go through to do anything on this phone.There is only ONE good thing about this phone.  It looks good.  But otherwise . . . it STINKS!!There is really only one reason that I will probably keep this phone. . . .and it's a really bad reason to keep it. . . but. . . there is a camera on the phone.  My old phone doesn't have a camera, and my old phone is not going to last forever.  So. . .  I'll use this piece-of-junk for just a phone. . . and the camera ability.  Again, fortunately I got it as a "lightening deal".  Otherwise I would be returning it.PLEASE do yourself a favor and get an iPhone if you can. .  .if not. . . get an Android phone.  I think you'll be MUCH happier.  Again, even Nokia is not using this garbage operating system for their new phones.

The E5 is a really solid phone, with great hardware features. The phone software and the associated Ovi Suite PC software in incredibly finnicky, getting things to work in complete harmony seems to be just a bit out of reach for this phone. I am a very technical user, so I can usually fiddle with it enough to get a certain feature to work again after something caused the settings to go awry. It doesn't "just work" out of the box.. this is definitely the anti-iphone.Calling Nokia support is miserable, if you get through to a techie, they have never actually laid hands on this phone and lead you through steps that don't even exist in the menus.You can't update your maps on Ovi Suite like you can with other Nokias... don't ever lose your map files.. no one at Nokia can tell you how to get them back without RMA'ing the whole phone... unbelievable! (luckily I still have my maps on the sd card)I will live with the quirks of the phone for now as I can do quite a bit with a very basic t-mobile data plan, but it would not be up to snuff if I was paying for a full smartphone data plan.

I got this phone for 200$ and have used nokia phone since 3-4 years. The phone is of good quality, But most of the functions suck. It took me more than a month just to figure out the gmail email feature even after getting the gmail on my phone i barely u use it since my phone goes to wifi very often and wastes a lot of battery. The video recording feature sucks, most of the time it doesn't work. Phone crash sometimes. All in all not worth. invest a little more in android or iphone which includes a data plan.

Ok, so I purchased this for a few reasons a) I didn't want to get locked into a contract with AT&T; because I don't want a data plan and all the new phones try to force it on you; b)No touchscreen!!!  (I hate touchscreens); c) It has buttons!!  :) (Did I mention that I hate touchscreen?); c) This phone was advertised as being both US and Int'l. A little bird who works for AT&T; told me that their system has trouble reading int'l phones.  If their system sees a smart phone it will automatically add a data plan whether you ask for it or not (that just seems illegal to me!.) However, they have trouble with int'l phones so the data plans may not automatically be added.  [In my case, that didn't work completely.  A data plan was added.  I did call and demanded that the data plan be removed.  The girl I spoke with did seem to have trouble figuring out what kind of cell phone I had.  She  kept asking me for specifics on it, which I did not give her.  All she got out of me was "I have a Nokia" and "No, I don't know what kind it is".  The data plan came off. (Hope it stays off!!)]So, the phone has buttons and does not have touchscreen!!  YAY!! (This is HUGE in my book!) Overall, I think I like this phone.  I really loved my old phone so it was difficult accepting a new one but as I've gotten used to it, I do like it.  It has great reception.  It's fast.... text messages go out quickly, wifi is quick.  I do like the GPS feature that comes with the phone, especially since you don't need internet to use it.  I must warn everyone that the phone will need updates and FYI, updating the GPS maps can take a VERY long time.  I started the process at work and had to leave my phone at work overnight because after 6 hours, the map updates were only about 50% complete.  Be aware of this and plan to update the maps accordingly.  Updates of the phone software itself is quick.  The syncing software that comes with this phone is very clean and easy to navigate. It also holds a charge VERY well and is not a battery hog.  This phone was perfectly designed for those of us who reject the hysteria around iPhones et al, need a phone for calls and texting only, and aren't looking for a new toy.Overall, if you're trying to avoid data plans but want a smart phone for the buttons (for ease of texting) plus a few other perks, I'd say this phone is the way to go. I've had it for about a month at this point and so far I am very satisfied.

I have an iphone and it is acting up, decided to buy the E5 while waiting for Iphone5 comes out... Not what I was looking for, reviews are good, but totally not my device.That's just my opinion.

This is a great device if you want a cheap smart phone. However, it has Symbian that is about to die and its hardware is a little bit dated in comparison to the Sony xperia series. If you have the money go and buy a xperia. If not, buying this one is not a bad idea anyway cause this phone will do anything you need.

The Nokia E-5 surpassed all my expectations by a wide margin and its performance for the price is exceptional. The phone, which is made in Mexico, fits easily in your hand and the construction feels very sold.  The call quality and the speakerphone are excellent with no dropped calls.  The battery life is extraordinary, the screen is clear and bright, and the small keyboard is easy to type on.  However, what makes the E-5 really impressive is that it is much more than a phone it is a mini computer that comes with 250 MB of internal memory and 256 MB of RAM, which in the words of one reviewer "makes it run like an excited mouse."  The things you can do with the device seem endless.  Sure you can take pictures, video and listen to FM radio but that is pretty mundane stuff.  Where it really gets interesting is that you can download files from your computer and make use of them.  For example, you can download Microsoft Word and Excel documents and open, read and make changes in them or you can create new documents.  You can download and watch or listen to video and audio files, and you can download turn by turn directions for any place in the world and use the phone (mini computer) as a GPS.  All this and much more can be done without paying your cell phone carrier (mine is T-Mobile) any additional monthly fees for a data plan.  The other features that make the phone so compelling is that you can easily use your existing wifi connection or any other available hot spot to access the web (you can also pay your cell phone carrier for constant access to the web if you need it).  With access to the web you can watch YouTube and other videos, read and write email, listen to Internet radio and get additional applications, utilities and games from Nokia through the Ovi store.  This is where Nokia really shines with its support for the phone through both the Ovi store software and its company web site.  The Nokia web site is something special and provides access to all you need to know about the E-5.  The link is provided should you wish to take a look.[...]Is the phone perfect?  The answer is not quite.  The 2 Gig SD card that comes with the phone is on the small side.  However, the phone accepts cards up to 32 Gig and most users will quickly see that a 4 Gig card makes more sense, which is what I am now using in mine.  Other quibbles include the fact that the SD card is inside the phone behind the battery, which must be removed to replace the card.  But then it is not something you need to do very often.  Finally, there is the Symbian S-60 operating system, which is likely to be replaced over the next few years as Nokia transitions its customers to Windows based phones.  My experience with the Symbian system has been mostly positive but it does have a learning curve, particularly if you have never used a Symbian device before.  That said, the learning cure is not steep and the operating system is rock solid.  It is almost fun to use after you become comfortable with it, and Nokia has made it clear that they will provide a transition path for their existing customers from Symbian to future Windows based phones.  All and all the E-5 is an exceptional value and the best kept secret in the tech marketplace.

I might be a bit late in writing this review, as I have had this ph for almost 2 yrs. All I can is this a great phone, very easy to use, wifi capable, so I can use the internet in most places without having to have a data plan. I have dropped the phone countless times and it's still working fine. I like the fact it has buttons I can push, unlike the touchscreen that most smart phones have. This is my first &#34;smartphone&#34;  so I am happy with it. I do think its time for me to upgrade, so I will be looking for another Nokia as I've had only Nokia phones till today ( not sure if they are still making any).

The cellphone is good. It is small and portable. The camera and vidoe are great. But it does not have the "&" symbol but there are may functions I still come accross, new suprises when using it.

This phone its great and works great with Costa Rica network (ICE) the camera its 5MP, the only flaw its the phone body made from plastic not like the old version E71 made from aluminium.But any way i totally recommend this phone specialy for people in Costa Rica.

The phone looks nice and has a good feel to it. The design however has several drawbacks - the 5MP camera isn't the best one out there, the central trackpad takes a while to get used to and still does not feel like the old E71 and E72s. Not a good successor to those phones.Call quality is good and the Symbian OS while being quite an old OS is quite stable. Also the large space bar button is quite useful. The new Ovi Maps is also a great navigation tool but it drains the battery quite quickly if used for long periods of time.

I recently buy this, I really put this one to the test, and it is amazing what this phone can do for the price you are paying for it. I highly recomend this phone, the processor speed is excellent, so as the signal for calls, the memory, the browser, etc...

It Keeps hanging. I have to keep restarting it and its just complicated because if i use it with microphones to listen to music, I don't get the sound back and i always have to struggle to get it back. I just hate it.

This is not one of the smart phones; but if it is easy to use and set up. I really like it. Would recommend for a basic phone at a great pridce!

The product is excellent, very good phone, if I liked it and would recommend it to a friend, THANK YOU, FOR SALE

I bought it three years ago. I has nice features. It looks like a blackberry without the blackberry price, and many attractive icons.

the Nokia E5 is one of the better smart phones out there! Though it is marketed to business people with very little modification it can become quite customized. the features are amazing and it lacks little in the durability arena.( have had and broken 3 different model blackberries) Symbian os is a little difficult if you are used  to android BB os or windows but if you devote a few hours to just going through each option in the phone. you will learn to love it....quickly. My only dislikes on the phone are the camera res which needs to be tweaked out of box, the screen res (which really aint that bad)and the fact that they give you a 2 gig sd card that is full out of the box!!!! i recommend buying a sd card along with this product (at least 8 Gig). Lets not forget that the shipping direct from amazon is Remarkably speedy!this product makes a great stand alone gps unit i have approximated that it is accurate to within 150 ft  at its worst which is great for a free service!!!

Personally, I do like nokia because a lot of people told me it's nice.therefore I bought it from amazon at January 26, 2011.I thought I can use it for a long time, but it totally broken on July 11.I can't open it now. It showed Memory full, so I bought 8 GB Memory Card.However, I still can't open it. WTF!!!It's killing me, so DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP!!!!

Even though NOKIA is fading fast behind HTC and Samsung, this "world phone" offers value.  OK, the Symbian OS is not well-supported as far as apps/free apps go, but that's what Android is for.  I'm too busy thinking and doing to play frigging games all day.  I came from an E-63, and got four good years from it.  I don't mind Symbian, so NOKIA is a well-built value brand that suits my phone/text needs.  I mean free OVI Navigation for Life?  How can you beat that?The keyboard is still has best "feel" in the business and the keys are wider, to accommodate adult fingers.  One button Email start-up.  Sound quality and battery life are exceptional.  You gotta love having an FM radio for travel; you can get news, sports, weather while everyone else is jamming the coffee shop WiFi.  Your first accessory should be a silicone case; no phone likes to be dropped, but NOKIA's are light and highly allergic to falls. The value formula looks like this:$200 > E5-00*f(Free Navi+FM Radio)x(5MP Camera+Battery Life)> Fewer Devices to carry around

i couldnt be happier with this phone. ive always had touchscreen phones that i would scratch to pieces bc i always get my nails done. so i got it bc i didnt want a touchscreen and i wanted a full keyboard. its very similar to a blACKBERRY but half the price and i used it with straight talk so its very cheap and it runs through att. its very easy to used and its very loud. this phone does everything. very happy with my purchase!

I bought the Nokia E5-00 phone for my son for Xmas; it worked fine for the first day, but then began freezing and restarting.  My son has spent most of today online with Nokia trying to resolve the phone issues......very disappointing.  We had taken quite some time to review unlocked phone choices and decided to go with the Nokia since we've had their phones before, and the reviews were good.  Would like to hear if anyone has had this issued resolved.

I bought this phone back in november and I just loved it! It is lighter that the E72 and is a great deal if you are looking to save some money. I droped it and nothing happened. Just make sure you buy a cover for the phone and for the screen because of the white color scratches are noticeable. The only bad thing that happened to me with this phone is that it was stolen :( so Im buying another one. Im outside the US, works in Costa Rica

ESTE PRODUCTO FUE UN REGALO PARA MI HIJO. LA RESOLUSION DE LA CAMARA AGRADABLE NO PUEDO QUEJAR DEL ENVIO.LO QUE NOS COSTO UN POCO FUE CONECTARNO A INTERNET. TODO MUY BONITO HASTA QUE LLEGO EL DIA EN QUE UN SIN FAMILIA ROBO A MI HIJO Y LE QUITO EL CELULAR. LAS COSAS DE LA VIDA

this phone is a scam, they sent a mobile bad, bad operating system and a single language, comes with Finnish language, I can not use, I ask for my money back

So my daughter said she wanted a new phone with a physical keyboard because her phone was to sow at texting . I told her go find one you want and come back to me and I will see if its good. Sure enough she found the Nokia E-5 . She really wanted a fast texting phone fast , so I decided to buy her it . After I ordered she said she was a little iffy and I said we can cancel if we want , but she said it was okay . When the phone came she was still at school so I decided to play around with the phone to test it . It worked very well , fits right in the hand and very fast internet connection and texting . The color is also very nice , it's obviously better than the picture leads you to believe . So my daughter came home , saw the phone , and all she did was use it the whole night . She often talks about how fast everything is and how efficient it is . This phone I definitely good and I recommend to people who like to text a lot.PROS: Fast texting, good internet speed, nice app storeCONS: Sometimes internet kicks you out, a little hard to find stuff like how to turn your phone on vibrate or silent (but nothing google can't fix), a little confusing the way things are organized but you'll get used to it , texting buttons may be a little smaller for people with big fingers.

I am both an AT&T; user as well as a person who goes abroad quite frequently. This means I need an unlocked GSM phone that works both on AT&T; as well as abroad. This phone meets those requirements and much more.First, this phone is extremely cheap. Yes the OS is not as nice as the iphone or blackberry. However, it works. Also, Ovi has Opera mini which is not found on the other OS. This makes web browsing much faster as your loading smaller pages, not the full sized pages. For email, I have found that it syncs just as well as any blackberries and better than iphones which is something I really like.Another good news is that it works on 3G in the US. Even better though is the AT&T; plan is 15 dollars for unlimited usage which is much better than their iphone rates of 15 dollars only getting you 200mb. Next, you can tether this to your computer for internet as well as using Joikuspot as a hotspot! Both of which are allowed, and you do not need to jailbreak/root your phone that would void the warranty.Unfortunately, this phone lacks Kindle and Pandora applications which was a disappointment. Also, it lacks langauge support that iphones have. So no Chinese/Japanese/Arabic can be shown. You will get little boxes.Overall, I like this phone very much and would recommend it to anyone who needs an unlocked GSM phone.

if you need a simple and durable basic function phone, i would highly recommend this product. its got tough internal and external hardware for heavy users.

This phone is easy to use, and the quality is very good.  I use it on T-Mobile'sPay-as-you-go network and I'm very satisfied.  The wi-fi feature is very goodwith my P-A-Y-G service because it allows me to access the internet from hot spots as I travel.  If I decide to upgrade to a data plan in the future this will be a great phone to use.  My only complaint would be the small viewing screen.  It also takes excellent photos

I bought this phone trough amazon.com. I do not why I choose this phone over the e71, which was only 10% more expensive. Big mistake, this phone is all plastic, is very light and the processor is slow. The only good thing is the GPS. Another mistake was the colour, aside that white phones are not cool , at night the keypad does not looks nice and is difficult to write a message.You rather go for either the e71 or the e72, rather than this phone. And do not choose white!!!

Like i said- "Nokia is Nokia". Is the cellphones for people who understands.. I got this phone for my son, hi is big Nokia fan too, and hi is happy with this phone..

The Nokia E5 is seemingly a great product even though at first it seemed complicated to customize it according to my wishes.  The main problem with this phone is that  there seems to be a  memory capacity problem even though the only items I have transferred from my old phone to the new one is my contact list , it says I'm running out of memory. I can not seem to find where the problem is.Apart from the above, I love the QWERTY keypad, the camera, the radio etc..It looks good too. And it's user friendly so I found it easy to operate.

I bought this phone to replace my nokia E71. An E5 cellphone is an improved E71 in a functional sense. I loved that the E5 has no more a 2.5mm headphone jack like the E71 did. Also, it is faster for messaging, wifi connection never falls. And many other facts that should make this phone the best of the 2010.

This is my 4th Nokia I've owned, but definitely not the best one. I diverged briefly to another brand but came back to Nokia after my stellar experience with their earlier phones. I was very disappointed to discover upon receipt of this one, however, that the OS wasn't as advanced as the C2-01 (from 2011) I had; specifically, that the text messaging isn't possible natively to be in Conversation (or, Thread) mode (yeah, I contact Nokia and that's what I was told), so I had to find - with difficulty - on the Ovi / Nokia Store an app called ThreadSMS (via my PC's Nokia Suite software) which now does the job pretty well. Also, there some native games on my C2-01 that are non-existent on the e5-00. I thought I could find them in the Store, but nope, not there. Plus, the Alarm Clock on the C2-01 allowed me to set alarms by tick-box by day, whereas this one I'm forced to have the alarm go off on non-controllable set arrangements, such as &#34;Workdays.&#34; I have to &#34;reset&#34; the alarm each time I want to change it, rather than setting up multiple alarms with different settings by day, etc. The Nokia Suite software is very helpful for syncing, but not all of my messages could be synced due the inability in my e5 to do Conversations. Grrrr!Also, I had some difficulty setting up my &#34;Idle&#34; screen in that the default put a bunch of garbage on it like WLAN Scanning, which when pressed immediately rendered the phone inoperable with &#34;System Error&#34; displayed which could not be remedied besides pulling the battery out. I finally found an Idle Screen setting under Personalization that didn't have all that garbage and that particular trouble-maker and which also allowed me to set the features I wanted in the side bar and sub-menus (it's the side vertical setting). Also, I wasn't aware that buying the phone from a Puerto Rican seller meant that I'd get a bunch of in-the-way and useless-to-me Spanish language buttons and such on the keyboard, but for the price I paid I'm working on living with those annoyances. Now I have my phone set up as I want and it's working perfectly. Oh, and the solution to the WLAN ordeal I mentioned? I went to Menu&#62;Ctrl. panel&#62;Connectivity&#62;WLAN wiz. and then when I'd set up my remembered networks, I added them to the &#34;SC&#34; under Connectivity to set up Connection Groups to remember so that my phone would automatically connect to an available remembered network. Very cool!I was pleasantly surprised to receive a very nice Nokia brand rubber protective sheath with my purchase. The standard 3 or 4-inch USB cable is highly annoying, so I had to buy a longer one to work with my set-up at home. It charges well in my truck and has a decent battery life. I had no problems pairing the e5 with my Motorolla bluetooth hands-free earpiece. The photos  I've taken have turned out really nice, as well.Now that I've worked through the set-up and using the phone for calls and texting, I'm quite happy with the phone. I really like Symbian, so I'm sad that Nokia have jumped on the Windows Mobile hype and are no longer producing phones with Symbian.

This Nokia phone has everything I need - all bands, full keyboard, Camera and GPS. Everything works in this light simple to use phone. The GPS is just especially handy. This is one of the best phones for the price with the Nokia brand name.Very happy with the phone.

I have become an unwilling connoisseur of cell phones due to a string of purchases over the last three years. I don't care to pick apart a phone and armchair quarterback the engineering. I am a consumer that just spent his hard earned money to buy something that he expects to work for the purpose(s) for which he bought the device.There are two distinct and equally important phases of a cell phone review. This is the first phase covering the first few days of ownership. The second phase comes after several weeks of actual day to day usage.My initial impression is that the hardware, for the money is excellent. The build quality is immediately evident and should translate into length of useful life. This is a harsh lesson that I learned after being an owner of an N85.Although the hardware is not the best on the market, not even Nokia's best; Bang for the buck, after considering the hardware and features, It is difficult to imagine a better deal for the consumer from the standpoint of price V quality. There were good decisions made for tradeoffs and functionality.That said, some of the software implementation is puzzling and/or infuriating:1. Ovi Suite (the software which interfaces the phone with the computer and PIM such as Outlook) Is buggy. It took three installations and as many days before I was able to get it working correctly. There were various issues. It would not be helpful to go into detail here.2. Nokia continues to refuse to allow the consumer to fully customize the home page. One particularly infuriating example is that in the horizontal bar mode, you MUST have the Ovi chat prompt or status displayed. This takes up valuable real estate and it is my guess that most people will not want to use it at all.3. Ovi suite seems to have a focus on multimedia where PC suite, though not as polished is more straight to the point of synchronization. However, there seems to be some issues with the application installer on PC Suite and this phone, which prompted me to use OVI.4. Mail for exchange is iffy at best. If it is incorrectly configured, the only indication is that it will not contain any outlook items. It will tell you that it is connected even when it is not. I have seen an android application that can configure itself with just the user name password and the outlook web access URL. MFE seems to require congressional hearings and a sacrificial goat, for proper configuration.In summary, thus far, I am happy with the phone and the price that I paid for it. I would recommend it with a caution that you don't get your hopes up for use as an actual business phone (this part may or may not change when I update this review in a few  weeks).UPDATE:After a month and a half of ownership, I have upgraded my rating from three to four stars. I still stand by everything that i stated earlier,but have found ways to either work around or cope with the shortcommings. Given that, the phone is a solid buy. I did notice that the price of the phone went up by $30.00 since I bought it.

I bought this phone last week with great expecations. But the phone fell short of my expectations.The goodSolid buildGood battery lifeLooks goodConsVery slow when processing the GPS.Deleted the maps and tried to only USA from ovi and just did not let me download, Gave a message "maps re pre-loaded in your device"Nokia, known for great UI, has created a pain fully pathetic navigation system. Way too difficult to use thisOverall, i am highy disappointed with Nokia returning this

According to my sister, this NOKIA is great. I check it and has great features such as internet, gadgets and more. She is very happy with this purchase, the cam is just fine.

The product arrived as it was estimated.  I have been using it for about 2 weeks and I am happy with it.

This phone does all it says it will do, but there is a slight imperfection and I dont know if it is factory fault....the clip for the sim card just wont stay down, is this how it's supposed to work? I dont think so, I have to put the battery in to hold the sim card in. If I was in the US I would certainly return the product but I just couldnt bother with the hassle. Apart from that the phone is great, Love Nokia!! I hope to buy another so I hope this one comes without any imperfection

I received this Nokia E5 phone several days before it was due and it came New as I expected and the phone does exactly what I expected from it. This is a professional service from Amazon in delivery and quality of the products they sell. this is my second experience with them.

I've only had this camera a few weeks. One thing that sold me on it was the claim about how long the battery would remain charged.Three times I have monitored the battery life. Most recently, I fully charged it on Feb. 4. Two days later, the battery bars are down to two from six. And I did not make or receive a single call or text message these past two days. I ditched my Motorola Krzr for the same reason. Now this.Update. The battery life is now at least 6 days in standby. I don't know what was up when I first got it and the battery drained so quickly. But it seems to have righted itself and now I love the phone again.

Worst cell phone ever !!! The software is terrible and the battery last one day and takes 5 hrs to charge !!!!

This is a good example of why Nokia is losing market share. If you are use to their convolted user interface and way of doing things then it's ok. Everything works for the most part. The web browser and other web app sucks compared to the other phones. Compared to it's chief rival Blackberry...the BB OS 6 is way better in every respect.  Can't imagine a single reason I would get this phone over an iPhone, Andriod, or BB and I have owned and used all of them.

It is a very good mobile. Had some trouble at the begining with the configuration, but after solving them everything went great. Screen is very good, as well as battery life. Chating tool is very comfortable and easy to use. Eventhough they say Skype is not ready yet for this device, it works perfectly. Excellent quality/price ratio!!

I have only had the phone a few days so this is a preliminary review based on what I have found so far.If you are used to a touch screen, you may not like this one.  I purchased mine thru Straight Talk and the $45/month plan was required for this phone.- Google maps works well with this phone, however, since it is not a touch screen, it takes a while to figure out the functions. The voice search does work with this phone (a must have).  Traffic updates and aerial maps also work well.- It has a built in navigational GPS that seems to do an adequate job, but again, not really user friendly trying to figure out the key functions.  Probably dangerous while driving if you need to make adjustments.- It will sync with Outlook.- The Nokia suite as well as the phone are rather un-user friendly.  It took me hours of reading thru the manual to figure out all of the functions and I am a mediocre tech savy person.- Web browsing seems as good as a blackberry torch I used to have although the screen is smaller and again, it is not a touch screen.- I am disappointed in limitations of the tone/vibrate functions. You can add a different tone for each of the alarm, email, text, calendar, etc., functions, however, the vibrate is either on or off for everything.- So far I am not sure how to stop the alarm on a calendar notification.- The keyboard buttons are rather small,- You can sync your individual email accounts including yahoo, hotmail, etc.- The home screen icons are programmable but I wish there was a little more flexibility.- Apparently, not supported by bible.org so I am apparently loosing my bible reader.  I tried one on the ovi store, but it keep hanging up and could not get it to scroll.- Because the buttons are so small, it is a little difficult to dial a number.- It will play Youtube videos using RealPlayer that is preinstalled.- Messaging seems to work well.  Interestingly enough, it is probably more geared to messaging than phone use.- The music player works fine although not very loud.- The phone from Straight talk came with a rubber cover, and wired headphones.Bottom line, this is an OK smart phone, although not particularly user friendly.  I'll update after I have had a better sample.  I am headed out of town soon, so I'll be better able to comment on coverage.

While my version lacks many of the features listed above (a fault a credit to Straighttalk, not Nokia) it is a well made phone. Extremely durable, and takes abuse well. I've had mine nearly 3 years and it's only now starting to act up. Every 1,800 text messages or so, it begins to slow down. So deleting them is a must, it only takes a moment and is easy to do.The OS is lackluster at times, but it almost always does what you want it to.

Just received my new Nokia from Amazon and I have to say that I like this phone very much.I first purchased a touchscreen phone and did not like the experience. That phone had some flaws and I have had great success with the full qwerty keyboard found on this phone. It is so much easier to use and I love the Nokia brand. I owned a Nokia E63 and that phone has been flawless. The E5 has a little more details than the E63 such as the nice metal battery cover and front part near the navigation button. Great product and Amazon made it so easy for me to return the previous item!! AMAZON is the best:)

The product is exactly as it was described, it works perfectly. I'm very satisfied with the purchase. I strongly recommend it.

Usual Nolia quality and ease of use.  Best of all, GPS without having to pay data plan.  I only use phone for text and calls.

i choose this rating because the phone is excellent and the picture quality and sound are great and the phone work fast.

Pro's:  Excellent camera resolution.Clear callsSoft keypad (even though the small keys may not be the best for people fingers)Activate the flashlight with the simple touch of a buttonHas appsAbility to add picture of contacts and you can scroll through them on the home screen.Free Voice Guided NavigationCon's: Notification icons are so smallThe ringer volume cannot be increased/decreased by pressing the side volume buttons alone; you must go into the menuto lower the volume or press the little "music key", but then there are only two options by pressing that button.Not nearly as many apps or the same apps as those found in the Android MarketWhen playing the radio, the wired headset has to be connected in order for the radio to be heard through loudspeaker(speakerphone)Overall, I think this phone is pretty good. I chose this phone because of the free navigation, the 5mp camera, and it was a close as I could get to an Android  phone without having the touch screen. Android phones cost entirely too much for them to break so easily. If you're looking for a basic phone with a few extras, I would highly recommend it. Also I read on another review that someone put the phone doesn't work on T-Mobile's 3G network. My pre=paid plan is through T-mobile and it's 3g and it works just fine.

Greeting,I recently purchased this phone for my wife. From the reviews listed here, and some independent Google searches, I felt I had made a wise purchase. I knew the phone was still running the old Symbian OS but the list of features and the attractive price offered a good value.Unfortunately, the phone was a bust. The Symbian OS was functional but incredibly buggy. My wife is not a techie and I felt this type of OS might benefit her with its rather simple interface. The problems started immediately after powering on the phone with her ATT Sim card. The contact list would not open. The application would continue to crash regardless of what you did. I did my typical Google searches and found out that others had this similar problem. They recommended a slew of possible fixes such as removing the SIM card, removing the memory card, upgrading the firmware and factory resetting the phone. No luck.Its hard to image how you can mess up such as simple yet important feature of a phone. The phone also came with a 2GB memory card completely full of useless OVI maps on cities from around the world. I spent nearly 30 minutes trying to figure out how to delete this junk via the phone interface. I finally decided to mount the phone as a usb drive and just delete the data from Windows.After spending a few more hours trying to debug this phone, I called it quits and returned the phone the next day. Sorry Nokia, this phone sucks!

I love the Nokia E5-00 smart phone. It has all I wanted to have in the phone. I recomend this phone to any one. Nokia has been my favorite phone brand to use as personal cell phone.

I bought this phone for my wife as she really needs this type of "office" cell phone. So far, so good. The phone well built, doesn't feel cheap (good materials and tough).Battery life is very good, she charges it every three days and she really uses it. Another great phone from Nokia, although the Symbian OS on it is quite old in compare to Android, Windows Mobile and the iPhone OS; it still does the job and it is very easy to navigate.I really recommend this phone.

My old phone touch screen stopped working, for the second time and now I ran out of the 1 year warranty (yes the LG Xenon is a piece of junk). I bought this Nokia E5 phone as a "remedy", because I still have a couple of months left on my contract with AT&T; and did not want to renew contract until I see the iPhone 5 in the summer. That was my thinking...I am so happy with this phone I am reconsidering the whole iPhone 5 idea. This Nokia is not a "super phone" but it does way more than I expected. The build quality seems outstanding also, and I am an Engineer, so I know a bit about quality. It is unlocked, so all I need is prepaid sim card and I can use it when traveling to Canada or Europe. I paid $179 here at Amazon, and it was well worth it. It is funny, because my first phone was a Nokia "dinosaur" when I was with Cingular, that was like 10 years ago and the phone still works perfectly. The other phones I had (like 5 others: LG, Samsung, etc.) never lasted the full 2 year contract.Great call quality, outstanding battery life, well worth the money...it is a Nokia, FIVE STARS!

Updated: 6/2/13This is the worse phone ever!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't even understand why there are so many good reviews because I would not recommend this phone at all. Now that I've owned it for a while I can honestly say that it freezes consistently. Sometimes I can't even make a phone call!! I will go to the contact, hit call, select the specific number I want to use and it will just go back to the contact. In order to finally make a call, I will either have to take out the battery and restart the phone or punch in the numbers manually. It also takes a long time for the phone call to go thru. It also shuts off for no apparent reason while I'm talking on it with a full charge. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!I've had the Nokia C3 for about 2 1/2 yrs and loved it, but as we all know cell phones don't last as long as regular phones so it was time for an upgrade. I wanted another Nokia mostly because of the GREAT battery life. As far as I'm concerned, no other phone can compare to Nokia in the battery department and having a touch screen w/all the other bells and whistles has never been important to me. However once receiving the Nokia E5 it left much to be desired. The manual that comes with the phone EXCLUDES a great deal of the phones features. For example when you enter a new contact which may have several numbers attached to it, you would want to assign a label to each number i.e., cell, home, work etc. I was on the phone with Nokia's customer service representative for approx. 45 minutes trying to figure out why the phone never gave me the option to assign the number type. Frustrated, I put the phone down and came back later and figured out that, that option is only available to numbers that have been saved to the PHONE, not to the SIM CARD!!! For every contact that had multiple phone numbers, I had to copy it to the phone, press options, press view details, press options, press edit, highlight the number I wanted to make the change to, press options , press edit label, type in new label name and press done. Also, on my old Nokia C3 I could easily view my text conversations with a specific contact. On the new Nokia E5 I can only look at sent messages or inbox messages for a specific contact. That isn't an upgrade, thats a DOWNGRADE!!!!! Also, you can only delete 1 message at a time, not your entire inbox, outbox or drafts. This is so frustrating. I'm so sorry I wasted my money and I will never buy another Nokia phone not matter what. For the price that sellers are asking for this phone, this is just plain ridiculous. Fortunately I only paid $99 on another website. I would have put the name of the website, but AMAZON will only block it out because it's their competition. I would not recommend paying a dime more than $50, so please look around or better yet, GET ANOTHER PHONE ALL TOGETHER!!!!!

Although sometimes I noted that the screen was criticized, it suffices for common users. I am perfectly happy about this kind of mobile phone! Recommend it ..

The product arrived in perfect condition without any problem, the package is the right size to what you buy, it works nicely, works so well that I have not stopped using it

Revised October 17, 2011.  Rating changed from 1 star to 4 stars.I placed this cell phone in service on April 29, 2011.  In early September it would not turn on.  All recovery procedures recommended by Nokia's support site failed or were impossible to implement because the phone would not turn on.  The telephone was sent to the Nokia repair center for warranty service. In accordance with their instructions I removed the battery.  The phone was out of their center in a week.  When I tried to start it upon its return it would not turn on.  I then visited a cell phone repair center here in Panama that is under contract with my cell phone provider.  They tried a new battery and the cell phone returned to life.  I never had a catastrophic failure of the battery before and did not suspect that problem.I do believe that Nokia could have found the defective battery if they would have required that the battery be sent in with the phone for warranty repairs.On the day that I purchased the new battery and had my phone back in service, I received a call from Nokia asking about their repair service.  Now that I consider a great plus in their favor.Overall, aside from the battery failure, I would give this phone 4 stars.  The most objectionable drawback is the readability of the screen in direct sunlight.  I am not an expert in this area but I have seen other phones that are easier to read in that situation.No problems in the quality and volume of the audio.I did have some problems in the initial setup of the phone which were probably caused by pushing the wrong keys in my exploration of the new device.  Here I must commend both Nokia and ATT service people for the excellent assistance they gave me over the phone.  Once I overcame those initial problems I had no difficulty using the phone for two weeks in the United States, with ATT and the Skype facility.  When I returned to Panama I changed the SIM card to my local provider.  The numbers on that SIM were easily brought forward to the phone.I use Skype and have found it works well, a little slow in the signing in at times but good call quality and it's easy to use my contact list.  I have tested the email capability with Gmail but it is difficult to use the small key board and screen to manage the emails.  Perhaps with  more practice I will be more comfortable with email on this phone.When I was looking for this phone I had 3 basic requirements, GSM service, Wi-Fi capability and Skype compatibility.  The first two could be ascertained from the product descriptions provided by the seller.  To determine if the phone was Skype capable I used the Skype website.  When I was searching there were many Nokia phones listed as Skype capable and few from other manufacturers.  That has changed a bit now with some Android phones listed on the Skype website, but the prices on those are much higher that the cost of this phone.I find this to be a good phone, a great value.

Had this phone for over a month now. Love it...Love it.... It's almost as good as other smart phone, it does what it said and easy to use. The camera takes good pictures even in low light. The way the QWERTY set up makes it easy to type. I would recommend this phone to anyone that don't need all the fancy stuff like the i phone.

the phone is really good, and i got it the day before my birthday. it's really useful, but i don't know why i can't turn off the sound when i'm taking picture. but it still good.

It was great to have it only for 6 months- because it has stopped working out of nowhere!! When I turn it on the date icon pops up but I can't even change it and the only thing that can be done is that it can be turned off and turned on and from there nothing else. It sucks!!

I like the fact this phone has all I ever needed. But weird, it gets heart if I talk for 30 min or more...my ear start feeling hot ....no customize buttons or keys....switch off should be second one and lock should be first one...I always end up switch off phone try to llock phone....roy

This was a gift for my girlfriend, we receive it in great conditions and fast, she really like it...really nice product

Great phone, many interesting features.  Beautiful resolution.  Works well.  Only "gripe," and it isn't such a huge one, if I take sim card out for any reason, contacts are gone when I reinsert sim in phone.  Contacts remain on sim, but don't show back up on phone.  Probably an operator problem, but I found that a bit annoying. It has great reception and sound. Otherwise, it is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone looking for "Blackberry" equivalent.  I actually have a Blackberry Curve (older version) and I like the Nokia much better.

The screen got scratched so easily. Also some buttons make an annoying sound when pressed. Asides these, a great phone.

Excelente telefono Nokia. De gran calidad. Lo recomiendo a todos. Tiene grandes funciones y es mucho mejor que un blackberry.

Durable, great battery life for a smart phone. Signal strength is strong and sound is clear.Bought another one for my better half. We love it!

I have had quite a few phones and this one ranks #1 without a second thought.  Some of the others were pretty good but there were things not to like about them.  This one I like a lot! Can't find anything wrong!  Very customizable and great for multitasking. I feel like I got more than my money's worth!

Great phone!!!!  Easy to use and comfortable to carry.  OVI maps are outstanding.  WLAN is great and SKYPE works very well.  Other than the screen scratches too easily, there isn't a thing I don't like about this phone.  I'm impressed.

EDITTED - original review &lt;&lt;&lt;Very disappointed. I was leaning over looking at something on the ground and the phone slipped out of my pocket less than an arms lenght from the ground. Has not turned on since.To think that I sold a Samsung and bought this phone assuming that the Nokia was a stronger phone.Had it for less than one month. A pity. I was starting to like it. The phone has great features and I really liked the keyboard.>>>EDIT AUG2011 - the phone was repaired three months ago.  I have changed my rating from 1 to 3 stars. I would have put 4 stars, but it turns itself off every now and then and the speaker stopped working 3 days ago. I dont know if it can be repaired. I am now using it handsfree or with earphones. Other than that i actually like the phone.It has has GREAT BATTERY LIFE.Love the keyboard, i am doing a lot more texting since i had this phone.Programable keys mean that the features I use most are always one button away - camera, mp3 player (not very good at high volume), calculator converter, voice recorder, text messaging, and profile (to change ring tone before going into a meeting) - profile has a useful timer feature so I dont have to worry about forgeting to turn back on the ringer after the meeting.

I text a lot, and I've always prefer keypads more than touchscreens, this phone is great for texting. the keys are super responsive. I don't need to press it hard like I did to other phones. I got the white one. The look is stylish, people always ask me if it was a blackberry. Camera quality is good without the flash. The only thing that I don't like about is it couldn't capture texts. I like taking pictures of my work schdules and some other stuff that contains texts, and it wouldn't be readable with this phone camera. I gave it to my sister, who's a happy user of this phone when I bought myself the amazing Nokia N8. We are both happy. :)

Had this phone for 15 months now and had no problems with its many functions. Did not want to write review untill I got what I wanted out of this phone. When I first purchased it was the only time I had issues as I had to learn how to operate it and set it up according to my lifestyle. Handy little gadget and it does what I want it to do. I've since updated its software, downloaded watsapp as well as a new display theme all through Nokia.Love those special features too, especially when my phone says the name of the person calling, read my messages or when I can use the flash as a torch light.

Not being a member of the younger high-tech generation my knowledge of how to take advantage of the many features of the Nokia E5 is therefore limited.  However, when commenting on the basics I can say that the phone's battery life is excellent, and both the transmit and receive functions are superb...clear as a bell reception on my end and crisp clear transmission on the other end. I find a good number of cell phones these days seem to produce a fuzzy, "easy to miss words" output and input. Not the case with the E5.  Construction, at the very least, gives the impression of a well made unit, the backside being metal something rarely found on a cell phone these days. Yes, the volume control is a bit stiff as some have stated, but there's plenty of available volume and for those of us whose hearing is not what it used to be that's what REALLY counts.  Oh, one last thing...the E5 is a true world phone having the capability of communicating even in places like Japan and South Korea which utilize the 2100MHz band.  At the price Amazon is selling the E5, this rig is a real bargain for those needing an unlocked take anywhere phone and don't get bent out of shape because you can't touch the screen to make it go.

I have always prefered Nokia because the software is very complete and it is not complicated to use it. The E5 is not the exception. The phone is just great. It is very fast and the webpages are shown very nice. The phone does not crash, the camera is great and the GPS system really works. I use it to track my taining routes.I am from Venezuela and the package arrived soon and with no problem at all. In perfect conditionsA REALLY NICE PHONE

Like the phone, but still have been unable to get certain features to work.  For example, the phone keeps saying that the memory is full and won't allow me to transfer music files over from my old phone.  I have called Nokia Customer Care several times.  They are no help as they want to get you off of the phone quickly and cannot speak English.

If you are looking for a non-touch phone with many Nokia features, this is a good deal. Price is fine and it has many things you can use. It has now office communicator, but just bear in mind that it can't be configured if your company uses a certificate to connect. Even when you install the certificate in your phone, there is not option to configure one in the communicator settings. This will be a nice improvement in new versions for Nokia-Microsoft now.Apart from that, I am happy with the phone, battery has a good time use life, I am normally using it for 2 - 3 days, depending the internet browsing I am doing.

This is a great phone, if we compare the low price and features we conclude that it is better than many other smart phones in the market. The GPS/maps feature without an Internet connection is fantastic.

This is a great phone. It has all the bells and whistles. Wi-fi is great, great call quality,  GPS navigation works prerfectly and you don't have to incur in data charges, etc. I would recommend it to anyone. However, there is one small thing. It doesn't have a track ball so when you are surfing the web you have to move the pointer up&dn left&right. Other than that I can't think of a better phone for the price.

I bought one of these to use with Straightalk and I think there is a problem with the antenna on this device. I will have a great connection speed of 5 bars and then BAM! nothing for 3 seconds and I loose the call. Then it shoots back up again to a good connection. The screen is really too small to use on the internet much. I really wish i would have gone with an Android and not a blackberry wannabe like this.

Never operate. always dead. I could never see a light. I'm from Venezuela, I can not return. I lost my money in this deception Nokia.

Great phone at an affordable price. I always go back to Nokia - I like the software and it just works!

has many toys and things to learn, I recommend it and of course also recommend the store is very serious, I have always bought and everything was perfect

Good, simple and affordable, like most NOKIAS. I have been using NOKIA Communicators since the very 1st ones(NOKIA 9000)in the late 80's and this one was not a disappointment either. Easy to operate, good size & shape etc.; camera with flash has considerably improved(my previous one was a E61i)and the Quick Office (especially the Excel) as well. GPS works quite nicely with OVI Maps, here in South America. Paid reasonable US$ 205.00 for it(unlocked)delivered in Las Vegas, NV.

I can't speak to the fanciest functions of the phone, because I don't use them.  Maybe once in a blue moon I'll look up a film review on it while I'm standing in the store shopping movies, but that's about it for me & internet via phone.I use the phone to make calls, send & receive texts, and get places via GPS directions (I use the Surfer Dude voice; it's so bad it's good).  For $45 bucks a month, I get Straight Talk unlimited cards for it from Wal Mart, and I'm very happy with the combo.Recently, AT&T; gave me some badassed new phone to sign a contract with them.  Not only was the monthly bill higher, but I missed my Nokia E5 immediately.  I didn't realize the sturdiness, ease of use, and even the aesthetic design of the phone were so superior to the phones most people have with the more expensive plans.  I boxed up the AT&T; phone, sent it back, and begged out of the contract (and kudos to them for letting me out of it).This phone, to me, is the best phone of anybody I hang out with.  And a few of them have been bummed out to learn that for $150 for the phone + $45/month for the phone cards, I'm getting the best phone while spending the least money of any of us.Maybe there's something outside of calling, texting, and GPS'ing that makes the more expensive phones and contracts better, but for the basics, I'd recommend this phone all day long.

I bought this phone for my Son who is very thrilled with the phone and the things he is able to do with it.  The camera takes clear pictures and videos.  He is able to go on MSN, facebook etc.  Call reception is very clear.  It is just a wonderful phone.  My only concern is that he is spending too much time on it.Regarding shipment.  Delivery was on time.  I was very pleased.  In no time I received the phone.  Keep up the good work Amazon.  Looking forward to the next purchase.

Worked right out of the box with AT&T;, both with the pay-as-you go internet on my phone and the $15/month unlimited plan on my wife's.The phone is nice.  Great screen (albeit small compared to the I-Phone for example) and reasonably fast speed.  Many of the menus are not as logical as other Nokia phones, and so much time is spent with trial-and-error figuring out where things are.  My wife misses her "happy monkey" dynamic wallpaper from her 6700 classic, which shows him with a full belly when charged etc, in fact I haven't found any dynamic wallpaper at all yet (but I'm still working on it!)The OVI software is sort of a dumbed-down version of PC Suite, which was simple and elegant - what were they thinking with OVI?  Nokia users - do drop Nokia a line about how bad OVI is!Battery life is pretty good, and much better I understand than the I-Phone.To me, it seems that the bottom line on this phone is that it's really nice if sending/receiving emails are a priority (because typing is easier with a keyboard than with a touch-screen) and media is secondary.  If you primarily use the phone for surfing and media playback, the the I-Phone or Android is a better choice (I-Phone if you like to be locked in to a carrier!)

I picked up this phone back in February to replace a three-year-old "dumbphone" that was finally starting to have problems with its display. I chose the E5 as my first smartphone, impressed by the wide variety of features it offered which I could use both at work and in everyday life. I don't need to play games, don't really have time for it anyway, but I do text a lot, and I travel to a lot of places, and I work a lot. So features like the full qwerty keyboard, the free Ovi Maps feature, and the excellent calendar and mobile office suite were ideal for me. I've since discovered that it also has a fantastic music player and can accept a 32 GB SDHC card, which opens up a lot of other possibilities.This phone isn't for everyone. It doesn't have all of the apps that are available for iPhone or Android devices, not by a long shot (although a Facebook app is available, if that's important to you). And it doesn't have a touch screen; you have to navigate the screen by moving the cursor using the navigation key above the keyboard, although this took me all of about 20 seconds to get the hang of. The operating system is a version of Nokia's own Symbian, which gets criticized as outdated compared to Android or iOS. But it works, and it works without slowing your phone down, so it gets my vote.The battery can hold a charge about three days on standby mode, and I get about 5-6 hours of talk time before I need to plug it in. The phone has a pretty good camera, is great at recording video (it does 480p), and holds connections well at either 3G or 3.5G/HSPA. I have to get really out into the sticks before it drops to EDGE. Even then, the sound quality remains decent. And the phone comes with all of the durability and ruggedness that Nokia's phones are famous for.In a little over three months, I've come to depend on this as my phone, my portable music player, my appointment scheduler, use it to give out work assignments to reporters in the field (I'm a newspaper editor), and sometimes use it as an alarm clock, too. Someone else called this phone a "Swiss Army knife," and that's very true. One of the best "birthday gifts" I ever bought myself. If you want a smartphone that "just works," and don't care about being part of the "in" crowd with their iPhones, you can't do much better.

I think this phone is not good, the keys stick, the screen flickers. This phone is bad.  I would like to return

The phone works really well. I like the design. It is a bit slippery on the back. The phone is light.

PROS: Fast wireless conection and search, easy navigation of menus, free GPS, good audio quality and 5MP camera, FM or internet radio, battery life is excellent.CONS:  It hasn't secondary camera for video calls, MicroSD under battery. To navigate the web pages the screen/display is small.It's a good smartphone for the price. Tip: Check out some videos on youtube before buying it.

After reviewing reviews by other customers, I settled for this phone and I was not dissapointed. GPS, music player,internet, great camera, wifi and great processing speed.I was able to upgrade memory to 16GB easily and correctly set my data usage so that the phone connects to the web via wifi only. No more restrictions like what i had on my ipod.The only dissapointment is that the phone does not have touchscreen but for $170 no complain.

Didn't work right out of the box. Thought maybe the battery needed charging, but nothing. Called Nokia help line, they told me to send it back. What a disappointment.

This phone is not unlocked, I bought this phone as a gift for my in-laws and they took to India and its not working. The phone is now asking for an restricted code, they had to pay to get the phone unlocked.Very disappointed that the phone is not unlocked when it clearly says its unlocked :(

Bought an used one from Amazon and was as good as new, with no scratches, and everything that is in a new item, just cheaper.The phone is a upgrade from a Nokia 5800 Xpress music (Always been a Nokia Fan).Pros:Almost perfectFast, good built quality, right size.Wifi, 3G, GPS, MapsFlash light (at least handy for my garage)Good call quality.Good battery lifeCons:Poor camera when using with low light, but OK for emergencies.Recommended Apps:Opera web browserSkypeSplashid (Password and sensitive data manager app)

Nokia e5 model is the best option for those seeking a smartphone, is versatile, comfortable and easy to handle, is also fast 3G broadband-like connectivity with Speeds via 850/1900/2100 MHz UMTS / HSDPA (with EDGE WHERE 3G connectivity data not available). I repeat, is the best option for your value for money

I purchased an Android phone as an upgrade to my E71 workhorse. The E71 workedfine, I just felt it was time for something modern. I guess not everything isfor everyone. I didn't like the Android phone at all. I think Android has too many quirksand I got tired of constantly having to clean the screen and worry about the batterylasting until the end of the day.I've only had the E5 for a couple of days but I am extremely pleased with it.This is a nice work/home phone. I missed having a tactile keyboard and this onedoes not disappoint.The E5 is a wee bit larger. A little less metal than the E71 but feels just assolid.It's definitely not the most user friendly phone, but if you are used to aSymbian device then you will have no problem here.Some reviewers have complained about the screen. Yes, it only has 256K colorsvs the E71's 16M. You'll see the difference if you really look for it, but ona 2.4" screen it really makes no difference. I have no problems with the viewingangles or viewing in sunlight.The faster CPU and more memory make the phone much more zippy. I honestly feellike I'm using my old E71 with a turbocharger.The camera isn't the great, but I own 4 real cameras and didn't buy thephone to take pictures.This phone has excellent call quality and battery life. Wifi is much betterthan the E71.If you want a solid, no nonsense phone than this one is a great choice !

The GPS on the phone is not working but I like the phone. So I am keeping it. I have called Nokia customer service and they reset the phone but the gps is still not working. When activated, it gives the message "waiting for gps'. this message stays and never changes.

Great phone, bough it as a gift for someone and they love it.  It is very easy to use and the phone looks great.-Camera is great, with 5mp it takes great pictures.-The phone is not compatible with T-Mobile's 3G, but on Edge is still not bad at all.  You can also download many popular apps from the Ovi store, from popular social networks to news and weather.-It is very simple to use and as always about Nokia, the UI can be customized very easy.-If you owned a Nokia before and you know that the battery life on it is great, you can go about 3 or 4 days between charges and great signal strength.-Overall, it is a great phone, works well, looks good and very reliable.

In general I must say that it's a nice phone, as my previous Nokia. I don't speak too much and the battery lasts almost one week!It has a nice camera and a very colurful screen.Not good for listening music, bad sound. You should try to use another earphones rather than the ones included with the phone. Another disadvantage is the size of the keyboard (too small). I frecuently type the wrong key.Very nice for internet and e-mail. High speed when navigating.I recommend this phone.

This phone lasted me throughout 25 countries, got wet in the rain, withstood the dust. All round heavy duty phone. :)

nokia e5 is a great phone for the price. it is an unlocked phone, so tried in Panama and got 3g there. I gave the phone for my sister, and she was happy with it.

I was just wondering if anyone knew if this phone worked on the straight talk network. I am thinking about getting out of my contract. Please let me know asap... Thank you very much. Shannon

This phone works very well on the AT&T network. It is made of sturdy materials and has a lot of great features.  I was lucky to get it at such a terrific price.

I purchased this as a lightening deal special before xmas.  This is really a wonderful phone will all the smartphone features you would need.The wifi on the phone connects well to hotspots around my house and the office.  No problems there.  Not sure what's going on with the reviewer below.  Item is exactly as advertised.  Please don't complain about "no touchscreen" when you bought a phone with....no touchscreen!

Escribo para solicitar la factura de compra del articulo, ya que tengo retenido el paquete por falta de esta.I write to request the invoice of purchase of the article, since I have the package retained for lack of this one.Nokia E5-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Easy E-mail Setup, IM, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, Ovi Store with Apps, and Free Ovi Maps Navigation (Black)

Share your opinion4.  Select a review type* video camera Video review* Written reviewSelect the video from your computerIntroduce your video to other customers (Recommended)Insert a product linkTo insert a product link use the format: [[ASIN:ASIN product-title]] To insert a product link use the format: [[ASIN:ASIN product-title]] (What's this?)Type your review in the space belowInsert a product linkTo insert a product link use the format: [[ASIN:ASIN product-title]] To insert a product link use the format: [[ASIN:ASIN product-title]] (What's this?)

Hi everybody,Previously I used Nokia E52, looked for something similar with QWERTY, found E5. E5 is heavier, bulkier, has the same set of functions as E52. I could definitly say now that QWERTY for me is not an obligitary thing. One more disadvantage is that I bought US version with only English letters on the keys but I need Russia language as well.

I bought this phone for several months for use in Venezuela and at first operated well but slowly I realized I had several shortcomings: slow loading applications, damaged the microfine and therefore people can not hear me and to complete battery does not operate more than 1 day .. Nokia C3 recommend better ....J. Brice&ntilde;o

This is a good phone. It has a lot of problems too. It is far from perfect.But for that price and for that amount of things that it does right, it is rare. The good is that the look and the feel of the phone is good. The call quality is good and the battery last a few days. Texting is fair. But I will rather have a good size phone that is harder to type than a larger phone which is harder to carry. Web surfing is a no no. If you are into web surfing. Get a android or an iphone.

I have had it since last year. Nokia e5 GSM is 2 in 1 aka it is a computer and a telephone. Apart from telephone options such as calling, sms ets enjoy camera, great office program including MS Word ,  MS PowerPoint, awesome dictionary which also allows you download source and target languages to translate from/into and many others, connect  to internet to browse anything you want: videos, pictures, information... Log on into your email and use it as you do from your personal computer and main thing - just log on amazon.com and search what you can purchase. I love nokia e5 , hope you will love it too.

Bought one a month ago...The first phone I got had defects, so sent it back to get a new one...phone works fine, has excellent signal reception..bad side, haven't been able to find good free apps.

I always get nervous buying unlocked phones, but no one should when buying this phone.I am not the most technologically savvy person, but this phone is a breeze to learn. Battery life will last at least 2 days...I have never had a phone that lasts this long. In fact, I haven't had it die on me yet (charge it every night). Thank the phone gods! Maps ap and camera are awesome! Phone was a little bit smaller than I expected, but it's beautiful. Within the first few days, I received so many compliments on it. One definitely needs a case for it though. It's a little on the slippery side. Anywhoo! After buying this phone, I will 100% stay in the Nokia family, and will definitely recommend this phone for everyone! 2 months in, I am LOVING it!

I bought this phone to replace a N72. I like the buttons and mouse function much better on the E5. I use the phone mainly for business and find the email applications and format easy to use.

product arrived on time and my mom loves it  and its a easy phone for someone in her age group to use dilvery was fast and the product was as described

This phone is gorgeous. It is my first smartphone and looks much better than my friend's blackberry. I got it because my sister got one in white and I really liked it so i got one in black. I got it because It does not require a data plan. My T-Mobile contract expired and all smart phones require a $30 data plan so i opted for this phone instead. You can connect to any wifi network and download a lot of free apps and games. You also get free GPS that works pretty good. I like the qwerty keyboard. It is easy to use and i rarely click the wrong key.

I just love this phone! All my friends user of BB told I was crazy, but I don't regret my choice. Elegant desing, easy to use, a lot of apps you can find in Nokia Store, you can have several e-mail accounts and use all of them, FM radio.. A good GPS device.  Una adquisici&oacute;n recomendada.

Amazing device fast , great looking , the overall build quality is great. Also seems like a durable phone that can take a beating lol  no but really if you want a reliable phone nokia has always proven to be as best as this is my 2nd nokia  phone .Also wanted this phone do to good battery life not like all these fancy android deices that have to be recharged every 2 minuts. Love the the phone!

ESTE TELEFONO ES MALO, SE APAGA.ESTE TEL&Eacute;FONO NO LO RECOMIENDO,  ES MALO, me llego el 21-12-2010 los primero 15 d&iacute;as bien despu&eacute;s se empez&oacute; a apagar solo, dura hasta  2 d&iacute;as para encender de nuevo, me parece una mala compra, ya que seg&uacute;n los comentario le ha pasado a varias personas. Soy de Caracas Venezuela y no he podido conseguir apoyo t&eacute;cnico para la reparaci&oacute;n, los numeros de tel&eacute;fonos del servicio Nokia no responde y no se c&oacute;mo hacer la devoluci&oacute;n del tel&eacute;fono a Amazon. YA NO PRENDE.Amazon para aceptar la devoluci&oacute;n pide se haga  con la caja donde vino el envi&oacute;, esto me parase una locura ya  siempre uno bota estas cajas, as&iacute; que solicito informaci&oacute;n como hacer valer la garant&iacute;a de Nokia, en Venezuela y si no se puede. Voy a enviar el tel&eacute;fono, a  Amazon y pedir me devuelta los $.THIS PHONE IS EVIL GOES.DO NOT RECOMMEND, THIS PHONE IS EVIL, I arrived on 21.12.2010 the first 15 days after it began to turn, lasts up to 2 days to turn back, it seems a bad bargain, since according to him comment happened to several people. I'm from Caracas Venezuela and I could not get technical support for repair, the numbers of phones Nokia service is not responding and how to return the phone to Amazon. AND DO NOT TURN ONAmazon to take back requests are done with the box it came sent it arches its crazy me and always a boot these boxes, so we ask for information as to invoke the warranty, Nokia, Venezuela, and if you can. I'll send the phone, I returned to Amazon and ask for the $.

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago, I had to many expectations on this cell phone, I've been using it, and it's amazing you can do a lot of things at the same time, including the fact that it has the social networks included. I'm in Costa Rica and it works perfectly. Therefore, if you are looking for a cell phone and you don't want to spend that much and you want quality, this is the cell phone you should get. A+

After reading reviews, I decided to buy this phone but it was not the great purchase as reviewed. My phone arrived quick and no problem with shipping at all - this 2 stars.At start my phone works great - texting, calling, web, GPS, camera all worked fine. After few weeks my phone start not texting regular text and I can only text using Picture message - I was okay and I could leave with that and few months later my phone start not hearing anyone on the other side unless I use Bluetooth, earpiece, or I have to put on speakerphone - which no privacy here!!! I swear that I will never buy Nokia again as I have other people with new Nokia who experience problems with their phone.  Since I do not have warranty the manufacture said I can send the phone to see what's a problem but I do have to have another phone while I send it to them - They do not offer a loaner phone. Too expensive for phone that acts up all the time. One more thing you can't download Tango or Viber on Nokia phone.

I spent a lot of time looking at phones before I found one I liked, and I originally chose this one because I liked the feature set. It was purchased with the intent to use it with a T-Mobile prepaid plan that offers a very limited amount of data, so data features would be used primarily when connected to WiFi networks. I didn't really want an Android/iPhone, as I don't like touch screen keyboards and don't feel a need to download apps, nor am I fan of flip phones or those with sliding keyboards. So I thought I would try a candy bar design with a "Blackberry" style keyboard. I also really liked the fact that it had a GPS that I could use without a data plan, since I used my Garmin GPS frequently. I also liked that the phone could do everything else I wanted: e-mail, calendar, alarm reminders, Facebook, simple web browsing, etc. This phone seemed to be a rare option that included all these features. I also liked the fact that it was a Nokia, as I had owned Nokias before and found those to have good signal and call quality and battery life.I have now owned this phone for 9+ months, so here are my thoughts regarding the features I frequently use on the Nokia E5.Basic phone features: Call quality, signal strength, and battery life are all excellent, just as they had been with my previous Nokias. If I am not roaming, I can easily get a few days worth out of a single battery charge with it continuously on - much more than my husband's Motorola Razr Android phone. I usually pick it up and use it for 5-10 minute stretches intermittently during the day, and don't make calls very often. The OS is a bit outdated, and menus can be non-intuitive and clumsy to navigate. There are certain settings that have taken me awhile to find, or find again after I have visited them before. Sometimes the phone can hang up for a couple seconds when opening/closing an app, or navigating menus, but I don't find this too bothersome. I really like the Blackberry style keyboard and find it easy to use. The "call" button can also be used to send an e-mail or text message, and due to the placement, I occasionally hit this and prematurely send the message before I am done typing it.Data access configuration: The E5 allows you to search for, save, and assign priority to configured WiFi access points, and will try to use one of those before using your packet data. It always asks me if I want to use packet data if I am not connected to a WiFi point, which is appreciated, as it allows me to easily ration the 30 MB of data offered by my plan. I am guessing this could be turned off for those with unlimited data.Texting: Texting and e-mail are easily accessible through a button on the phone. The interface shows how many 160 character long texts you have used when composing a message, and how many characters you have left of the current text. All of the incoming texts are displayed on one "page" and outgoing texts on another, and you can sort the texts by date, sender, etc. To my knowledge there is not a "conversation" view as there are on Android type phones, or my previous phone. This would be a nice feature to have.E-mail: The e-mail app is very easy to use to view, compose, and send e-mails, and allows you to configure more than one e-mail account. You can configure e-mail addresses for contacts in your address book. I have it configured to a private e-mail account that uses Gmail servers. E-mail setup is pretty easy if your e-mail is through a common provider (such as GMail, Yahoo, etc). E-mail access can only be configured directly to a single access point, unlike the other data features of the phone, which is disappointing since I have to manually change the setting if I want to get e-mail somewhere other than our home WiFi network. This would not be an issue for someone with unlimited data, as you could configure the access point to be packet data on your plan.Calendar: I was able to configure the E5 calendar app to use our Google account, so that the phone automatically syncs calendar entries - those made from the E5 will update our Google calendar account, and updates to our Google calendar made from other sources (such as the web interface or my husband's phone) will update the calendar on the E5. My E5 will notify me when a calendar entry is coming up. I had to go online to find instructions on how to do this, as it is not an intuitive process, but it is possible and it works very well. Note that the E5 can only sync to a single Google calendar account.Alarm clock: The options for entering recurring alarm entries is limited. When the alarm goes off, the screen flashes on and off, which makes it difficult to turn off or snooze the alarm. I have not found a way to change this setting, which is frustrating. The screen also does the same on/off flashing for calendar reminders.Web browser: It is a bit awkward to use since the screen is small, and the E5 does not have a touch screen, but does OK for basic web page browsing. Pages that have a mobile interface are much easier to view than pages that do not. I notice some web pages cause the browser to spontaneously close on me, which is frustrating.Camera: It's not the greatest quality, but is fine for taking quick photos on the go. There is a bit of a lag between pressing the button and capturing the photo, which makes it difficult to capture the perfect moment when taking pictures of my 6 month old. I prefer to use my high-end point and shoot if I want better photos. It is nice that the camera has an LED flash, so photos can be better captured in low light. The interface makes it very easy to e-mail or text photos right after they are taken.GPS: Sometimes it can take a long time to find the signal, but that is also true of my (~5 year old) standalone Garmin. You can download different voices for the GPS, a few of which include dictation of street names, etc. when reading directions. It is pretty good at looking up street addresses offline by typing the whole address in to the search bar - I prefer this over my Garmin which requires you to go through a "wizard" series of screens to look up an address. You can save addresses to the favorites menu. I notice the E5's GPS sometimes directs you through routes that are not always the fastest or make the most sense - it will get you there, but may not pick the most intuitive route. The E5 does not have as many offline pre-programmed points of interest as my Garmin, so I would not count on being able to look up a place offline without having the street address handy. I also notice my Garmin does other things that the E5's GPS does not do, such as allowing you to save your current position, or allowing you to search for points of interest along the route and map to one of those points as a stop on the way while keeping your destination fixed. I wish the E5 would recognize addresses in other apps (such as e-mail, web browser) and allow you to pull them up and map them in the OVI maps application - similar to what it does for phone numbers and calling functionality. In summary: I love the fact that I have a GPS in my phone that doesn't use data, and I still use this more than my standalone Garmin because it is more convenient. But the Garmin is better.Facebook: The phone comes pre-installed with a Facebook app, but there is a better one available for free download through the OVI store. Unfortunately, the phone won't allow me to delete the pre-loaded app, so I am stuck with two on my phone, and it is difficult to tell which is which. For the most part, the downloaded app is fine, as it provides a mobile-friendly interface to most features of Facebook. I have noticed some things I cannot access through the interface, such as comments on joined events or postings on joined groups. There is also not a way to upload a photo in phone memory to FB via the FB app, but I think there is a way to do this by downloading other apps. You can take a photo "live" and upload it to Facebook through the downloaded app. The FB app limits comments, messages, or status updates to 256 characters, which is disappointing, since FB itself doesn't have these limits.App store: The E5 uses Nokia's proprietary OVI app store, which is much more limited than Android or Apple. I don't mind this at all since I don't feel the need to download a lot of apps. I don't have any games, and most of the available games seem to require use of data. I think the only apps I have downloaded are the other Facebook app, and an application to use the camera's LED flash as a flashlight.In summary, I think the Nokia E5 is a decent phone that does everything I want a phone to do, and I have no regrets about having purchased it over the other options available. The phone's unique feature set and the things it does well more than offsets the annoyances and drawbacks to the phone. If, however, there was a different phone with a similar feature set (including keyboard style, offline GPS, etc) that was more refined, eliminated some of the annoyances of the E5, and wasn't much more expensive, I would probably consider that option.

Hi all,I had a good image of nokia in mind and bought three of nokia E5 and all of them went dead within 6 months. if you keep it in low battery for long and you set the alarm, its goes dead and will never wake up!..later after showing it to expert he told me tthat this series of nokia E5 has problem and I myself found many reviews online which says the same. unfortunately I didnt do much research before getting this one and now since all the cell phones are in INDIA i cant claim the warranty as well :(My suggestion buy at your own risk!!!-DEEP

I have more than one month with the phone and I am very pleased, I can do a myriad of things that help me in my work.

The item was broken already after I received it. However, the exterior of the phone is in a excellent condition and it just looks like new. When I press the power button and hold for 10-20 second, the phone just wouldn't turn on...............

I had purchased this phone 5 months back as a gift for my wife. Now this is giving lot of issues. It often hangs , we can neither recieve or make a call. It handset speaker goes on mute sometime without any reason. Now I am in India I can not do much on warrenty part also . Very unhappy and unsatisfied . :-(

The phone is pretty easy to use but at the end of the day it is a simple phone. I find the key pad hard to use. Also, you can not delete a bunch of texts at once. Have to do each one separately.Also I did not have an easy time with easy email set up.This phone is an upgrade from the very simple cell phone but not a match for the more expensive smart phone. It's about your budget.

As a previous user of Nokia's E62, this phone did everything I wanted it to, and more. I am really happy that it includes a pdf reader, and the battery life is great. I am not a heavy user; I only charge my phone once or twice a week. I think it is good value for money and a solid product.

Only because my service provider could not program it. Other than that, I like the phone and hope to find on that will work with my provider.

The Nokia E5 is a excellent cellphone but unfortunately it's came damage :( however Amazon.com sent me a replacement and also had failures too.. I'll waiting for refund from amazon.com, and I must say that Amazon.com Costumer Services is excellent and they are solving my problem.

I have been shopping around to replace my touch screen.Key features I look for are: good voice calling, good battery life,decent music player, basic camera, GPS navigation, and WiFi,and the freedom not to have a data plan.I got the Nokia E5 because of all of above,and it does more useful stuff, and has great looks too.[Recent update: The phone is becoming less reliable, and it hangs sometimes.]1. voice calling quality - great, has speaker phone, and 1-touch dialingYou can also download the Skype app to make voice call using VoIP, no video call.Moving contacts and calendar from one phone to another brand is never perfectly precise,and this is no exception. There's ovi contacts backup that I plan to try.2. music/video player - greatSpeaker is nice and loud, and music is even better with headset.I have a 8 GB microSD card in my old phone.The E5 comes with a 2 GB card, almost completely full (with Ovi Maps, I suppose).I copied everything from the 2 GB card to my 8 GB card, and put that in the E5.I have all my music and mp4 video on the go.I find the volume rocker hard to press, the 8" microUSB data cable too short,and lack of support for displaying foreign language such as Chinese.Can expand memory to 32 GB according to Nokia website, and 16 GB according to Amazon.Using Bluetooth A2DP, I can also stream music to my stereo.There's more. It comes with: internet radio, and fm radio, and Youtube.Internet radio is nice, and an extensive directory is provided for even more music.3. 5MP camera - okayPictures come out fine, and I use Bluetooth to transfer photos to pc.There's more. Pressing space bar, the builtin flash becomes a handy flashlight.You can also record video, but be aware that the recorded audio is not sufficiently loud.With the Nokia E5, everything works out of the box. This is one exception, I suppose.4. 2.36" screen - beautiful, but smallScreen is bright, and stunning.Though I need to adjust to the smaller screen size and the "out-dated" UI (Symbian OS version v. 9.3 [S60 3rd Edition, Feature Pack 2]),since my previous phone was a touch screen.We use a laptop or a TV, for a bigger screen any ways.You can have two home screens, with many ways to configure each home screen.I also use voice commands to bring up applications and contacts,though I have not figured out how to do this for Opera web browser.5. offline GPS with free NAVTEQ maps - goodDrive/walk navigation is voice-guided with street names, though not always taking a direct route.The phone has 4 GPS positioning modes:integrated GPS, assisted GPS, Bluetooth GPS, Network.I prefer integrated GPS, because this is offline but slower,and assisted GPS and Network modes can be faster but require data network access,which I have found unreliable when traveling with my previous phone.You can also download the Google Maps app. But why bother?6. messagingExcellent qwerty keyboard, an improvement over a touch screen.The phone provides access to (basic) Facebook, etc.You can download Socially app to access Linkedin, etc.7. mobile web access and search via WiFi or 3G - okayI download Opera as an alternate web browser.General web access is poor because of limited screen size.I try to use Vlingo Voice for quick web searches, which brings up the default browser, but Vlingo does not always work well.For example, you can just say: "search Nokia E7 review"You can also download the Google app. I am waiting for the Bing app, working with GPS.There's more. It comes with Traveler app that shows weather forecast every morning.8. push email via WiFi or 3G - greatThe E5 qwerty keyboard is great for email, and there's read-to-me.Nokia makes this simple to setup and use, with Nokia Messaging from email nokia.com and SmartConnect.Recent in May, I update the phone to use the latest, better looking Email app.There's more. It comes with Adobe PDF and QuickOffice apps.Be aware that there is no builtin support for displaying email in foreign language such as Chinese,and I use the Opera browser for this. Interestingly, the Chinese dictionary on the E5 works fine.9. multi-taskingUnlike other phones, the E5 multitasks effortlessly, and is simple to switch among tasks.10. battery life - beyond excellentI use many of above features for 2-3 days without recharging.The E5 can be charged using either 2mm charger or micro usb.Lastly, the Nokia E5 is an affordable, well-rounded phone with many useful capabilities,replacing compact camera, my iPod, maps & standalone GPS, watchand frees from the need to get a data plan.
