
AMazon cell phone plan from Sprint and phones are great. Easy to order and great price.

This is a very attractive phone and the HTC Sense enhancements to the native Android OS makes HTC phones much more polished than non-HTC phones. HTC enhancements include multi-touch, integration between Facebook and contacts (the Facebook profile photos of your contacts can automatically be associated with the contacts in your phone, for instance), and more. Android by itself is great, especially if you use Google Contacts and Google Calendar since the ability to sync between the phone and these apps is part of the Android OS. The phone looks cool, has a decently-sized screen, isn't bulky, has a nice built-in camera, and is generally a nice product from a hardware standpoint.The problem is that Sprint's version of Android leaves a lot to be desired. Specifically (based on my own experiences and/or experiences of others):* The phone ships with Android 1.5, even though 1.6 was released in September 2009, 2.0 in October, and 2.1 in January. The Sprint/HTC version of Android 2.1 doesn't actually provide full Android 2.1 support, however. Live Wallpapers, for instance, is mysteriously missing from the upgrade. And, to add insult to injury, the upgrade to 2.1 requires a Windows computer. The irony here is that Android is built on Linux, yet Linux users can't use Linux to upgrade their Linux phones. The last time I checked, even Mac users appeared to be left without a way to upgrade.* Android 1.5 for the Hero is buggy. Receiving picture messages (MMS) while the phone is connected to WiFi, for instance, is just one huge bug. There are also GPS-related bugs requiring either temporary disabling of GPS and/or reboots of the phone (which take several minutes to complete) and problems where the phone will go to voicemail after only ringing a couple of times, if at all.* Sprint/HTC's Android 2.1 upgrade has released even more bugs that include reports of random crashes, delayed dialing (in some cases it takes several minutes to be able to dial out), inability to answer some incoming calls or shut off the alarm, and problems with Bluetooth among other things. A quick web search should turn up a lot of complaints.* The Android ships with preinstalled NFL, NASCAR, Sprint TV and other apps that use resources but cannot be uninstalled. Personally, I like the Sprint TV app but have no need for the NASCAR or NFL apps but I can't uninstall them. The only way to get rid of them is to "root" the phone, which voids the warranty on the phone.* Sprint has confirmed that it will not be providing the Android 2.2 upgrade for HTC Hero phones, despite the fact that 2.2 actually provides incredible speed enhancements for Android phones and Hero users who have rooted their phones and installed 2.2 from other sources report huge performance increases with the Hero.If you want a phone that fully supports Android 2.1 and above, and if you want a phone that will support Android upgrades in the foreseeable future, do not purchase the Hero--and certainly not on a 2-year contract in which your contract will outlive Sprint's commitment to keeping the phone upgraded (that appears to have already ended). There are a lot of angry Hero owners who are furious at how Sprint has handled upgrades for this phone. You're probably better off either paying a bit extra for the HTC Evo, or looking at other Android phones from other service providers.If, on the other hand, you don't mind voiding the warranty and hacking the phone a bit to use non-Sprint Android software, you may find that you're able to tap into the phone's real potential and surpass the limitations and frustrations experienced by those who have played by the warranty rules.

Bought the phone in November 2009.  It has caused major headaches.  I need a reliable phone.  Every time I travel to another city, I cannot receive calls.  Upon returning to my home city, I still cannot receive calls.  After 2 to 3 hours on the phone with Sprint's tech support, they end up resetting the phone with great difficulty.  I then loose all my applications, settings, contacts and calendar.  The next time I travel the same thing happens again - and I must spend hours on the phone with Sprint upon my return (not to mention the hours spent setting up the phone once more).  When the phone is working properly, the sound quality is good, but the phone rings only 70% of the time for incoming calls, even though it shows a strong signal.Like others have stated: the phone is sometimes slow, you constantly have to use a Task Killer, battery life is short, and the on-screen keypad does not always respond to touch.  However, I am technical and can live with these complexities.  What I cannot tolerate is the build quality that causes bugs and errors. Sprint has no explanation - other than it must be the phone, so they are sending a replacement.From a basic usability standpoint - if you are not technical, stay away from this phone.  From a reliability standpoint - I know others who have not had problems, and I know others who had hardware problems and replacement phones.  It seems HTC's quality control for the Hero is poor - so you are taking your chances by choosing this phone coupled with Sprint's service.

Pros:Nice screenAndroid OSMarket (Store)Sprint Support folks attitudeCons:Battery issuesNetwork issuesHTC SenseText appSprint Support folks ability to solve issuesVoice MailThis is a beautiful phone. It feels great in your hand. It has a premium finish. I like the way the phone gives tactile feedback when you're using the on screen keyboard.For only being up for so short a time, the Market (app store) is very full of (sometimes) useful and inexpensive apps. The Android OS itself seems like it is well planned out.I also have to say that during the forty or so hours I've been on the phone with them, the folks at Sprint (their advanced technical folks) and the folks at HTC have been quite nice. Very friendly.I'm currently on my second handset in as many months. The first one refused to let me see texts, or voice mails. It had about a 3 hour battery life (due to what I was told was an issue with the text application). The processor was never allowed by that app to ever sleep. It was running 100% of the time.Those nice folks at Sprint sent me a new phone and battery.The new one has had some of the same issues, and others that have been baffling. The browser would refuse to ever open. Apparently you have to clear the History just about daily to keep this from happening. The browser seemed to think I was in Germany, flipping over to that language despite my never requesting it.The thing still won't let me see all my voice mails, sometimes dropping them in days later. Changing over to the Handcent text app (per those same nice folks at Sprint) seemed to clear up the sleep issue with the processor, but now Sprint is telling me Handcent may be to blame for my phone locking up and not letting me answer phone calls.I cannot get my Hotmail account to load to the phone. You have to use an Advanced Task Killer to preserve the battery. The phone is already to quiet, and heaven help you if you get a case for it, as it will muffle the phone's speaker phone by huge amounts.Apparently, if you use too much of the internal memory (the only place apps can reside) it will cause the phone to loose its mind as well.I've just tried turning off the HTC Sense. That reduces the number of screens and types of widgets you can use, but since they've got me paranoid about using the internal memory, it isn't a huge hit.REALLY SAD I GOT THIS PHONE. That said, my fiancee's phone has worked with little or no problem. That's why it is getting two stars. I'd not give it any.Lagging processor, unreliable build quality, OS that kills the phone's usefulness. Stay away. Stay far, far away.

I purchased the HTC Hero as my first android phone.  I previously have owned both an iPhone and a Blackberry, so I am not new to smart phones.Here are some things I liked about the Hero:1. Track ball:  I find the trackball makes surfing the internet and going through pictures easier.2. The call quality: The people on the other end sounded good and they said they had no problems hearing me.3. Camera:  The camera is a 5mp camera and it takes great pictures.  Camcorder function also works great.4. Screen Lock:  The screen is not unlocked my enter numbers like most phones, instead you create a pattern that you  have to trace to unlock it, I feel it is hard to remember that then a number, making it more secure.5. Quality of the phone:  The phone seemed like a high quality phone, it was heavy but not to heavy.Things I didn't like about the Hero:1. Incredibly slow!  To open the clock on the home screen it took 10 seconds and to open the weather it took 15 seconds (these are not apps, I'm talking about the default HTC Sense Clock)  It doesn't happen all the time but enough to be incredibly annoying.2. Always Freezing:  My phone would always freeze when I tried to type messages, and I would have to enter the same number 5 times (I'm not exaggerating) when trying to place a call because would not register)3. Android Market:  I know it's not fair to compare it to Apple but the market is nothing close to what iPhone has to offer.  From what I have found (this may not be true, but from some research on the internet I found it) Android apps can pretty much be made by anyone.  So they are a lot of not so great apps on the market.  The number of apps related to Marijuana is ridiculous.  A lot of the apps that had to be purchased were in Euros, which I found to be strange as well.4.Email: I have always used yahoo mail.  I knew that when I got the phone I had to have a google account to activate it which was no big deal.  The problem is that you can not use yahoo mail with the email program that android has, unlike most phones.  The email either has to be a gmail account or a pop account.  There are 2 ways to solve this: pay yahoo $20/yr to allow pop access to your email or you can download the yahoo mail app (which is free) and have your mail there.  It's not a big hassle but still annoying.Bottom line: To me a phone should be able to make calls and send text messages with out any problems.  Since the Hero can not do that, I feel that what ever else it has to offer is worthless.  I have found that you can root your phone to make it faster, but I don't like messing with the programming of my phone. I never had to jailbreak my iPhone to get it to cooperate, so I should not have to root the Hero to make it work.  It is a fairly simple smart phone, but it's not right for me.

Much better choices out there. Have had the Hero for almost a year. Very slow and "buggy". Not very good reception but that may be the Sprint network.

This phone was fun when I first brought it. What really disappoint me was it was not out for very long when it was replaced by better models out of no where the same year. To some people it does not matter too much but for people like me who pays the full sprint package every month and the phone can not perform that great for the price I paid, it really blows. The phone is full of feathers but there are no point in having them if they always lag. First few days it ran fine but after awhile it will require you to restart your phone weekly for it to stay quick. I get MANY miss calls because they phone takes for ever to pick up when I hit the pick up button. The phone came with android 1.5 and you had to take it to the sprint store to get it updated to out of dated 2.1. The newest Android firmware does not exist for this phone currently. EVERYTHING about this phone just lags and lags. Sometime it has to think if I am trying to pull up the phone book or pull up even sprint navigation. Every since the firmware upgrade battery life is about half a day. I do not do much with the phone most of the day and it still drains yet I need all my internet, email, and daily expected features of my phone I paid for to run. Screen is not sensitive. Sometime when I press on the screen it even after calibration it still is OFF!!! I live in a not so rich area and reception sucks. I have to be in the rich area to get 3G service. My phone is not damage. It just sucks period. I do not even install apps into my phone other then GPS speedometer which I do not leave running and angry birds which lags so badly that I just do not even play it.Once my contract is up I am going back to Iphone. Hero is OK but for the price it is not worth it. On top of that you have to pay another 50 bucks to get the EVO 4G which is not even that much faster unless your in the richer area!!!

i hate being the one to give negative reviews, but my experience with the hero has been a very, very laggy one. yes, being a geek, not only have i used all sorts of task managers and whatnot to keep the phone as clear as possible, i have even flashed some custom ROMS on it. the 528 mhz processor just doesn't cut it. a big issue with the phone is that when trying to type landscape, the delay between hitting the key and the letter appearing is too long to merit use. the portrait keyboard is only slightly less laggy. nearly every aspect of this phone is framed by lag, holding back what is otherwise a beautiful, wonderful android experience. the HTC sense UI is stunning, and android is just wonderful. that being said, don't waste your time and energy on this sub-par device, sprint ahead(see what i did there? lulz ^_^) and pick yourself up an evo or epic that can take advantage of sprint's wonderful high speed (even on 3g) network, with those phones that can handle the wonderful android experience.

Though the phone is older it has worked well and has taken a beating.I do not fault the phone for not having an current system (or running slowly because of the incompatibility with newer aps) on it because after updating using CyanogenMod the phone works awesome. I've never had problems with the camera or any of the other hardware.The trackball is all but useless for my day to day usage but does not get in the way and the back cover is tough to get off, but I would certainly recommend the Hero to someone willing to root and upgrade the phone.

This was my first android phone, and won't be my last.. but the phone is lacking, I'll say that much.The good:Android is a great phone OS, hands down.  The platform has rich community support, and isn't locked down like Apple's iOS.The android app store makes this phone MUCH MORE than just a phone.Call quality is great, phone feels comfortable (haven't found a "grip of death" on it, either).I get great signal.Battery life is fairly good.  I can go about 2 days on a single charge, and I use my phone quite a bit.HTC's Sense UI is one of the best out there.Multitasking works well.The bad:Sluggish response.  It's got some slower hardware compared to devices like the HTC Evo, which will be very annoying at times.A pain to update to the latest android OS, which I recommend.Preloaded apps are mostly crap.  Thank goodness for the android store.No flash on the camera.  I don't get what is with phone manufacturers not putting flashes with the camera anymore.Camera software uses the click of the trackball to operate the shutter... while rolling the trackball handles the zoom.  Needless to say, this gets frustrating when you're trying to flip the phone around for a snapshot of yourself doing something obnoxious, like eating an iPhone.No HTC Sync support for Linux, which drives me up the wall.  Glad I still have an XP-loaded desktop, otherwise I would be very, very pissed.The side stuff:The screen is "meh".  Nothing spectacular, but not horrible.  Touch response can be a little flaky since the phone is so sluggish.  It gets a little hot sometimes when playing games/charging, too, so keep that in mind.  Watch out when placing it in your pocket, though; I've had mine do all sorts of random stuff without my intent (no pocket dialing, thank goodness).  When I put it in my pocket, I slide it in facing out, with the buttons/trackball up at the top, which has eliminated most of those problems.There are better phones out there.  The Evo is amazing (aside from the battery life), for one.One thing to note with Sprint: They may have a slower data network, but it has been 100% reliable for me. I'd rather have reliability over speed (and the speed isn't that bad - I've tethered it to my laptop via USB to utilize the data connection when I'm away from legit wifi sources).If you're looking for a smartphone to use with your day job (I'm a systems manager), be sure to check on your corporate policies regarding smartphones.  Some only support Crackberries syncing with Exchange, so while the Hero will support it, your corporate IT staff may not.

I have one, my wife had one, both are the unquestionably the WORST phones we have ever had.Both of us have called sprint about problems, and the standard reply is the phone is just like that........JUNK and thats from sprint support.Dropped calls, makes call on its own, freezes up OFTEN and has to be re-started booted, the battery-life is horrible (even with deep cycling the battery).THIS IS JUNK DON'T BUY ONE.JUNK.............

I cannot find words for how terrible this phone is. Ridiculously slow, terribly inconvenient in how frequently it drops calls, and the touch-sensing & keyboard is absolutely a disaster. I have had this phone for too long! Can't wait to get rid of it.

I initially chose this phone due to the high quality reviews that it had gotten, but once I had it in hand, I can't believe anyone would give this phone stellar reviews.I'm going to be short and sweet, but I will basically tell you initially what set me off.The phone is small and the design is good, but the buttons on the bottom are cheap (especially the one in the middle).  It is a raised round button and was loose in it's socket.  I understand it moves, but it seems like the design is cheap and that button will eventually be a tech nightmare.The touch texting is awful.  I am a female and I have small fingers, but I was fat fingering letters all over the place.  I have always used on screen texting (never used qwert keyboards) and this, BY FAR, is the worst texting screen I have ever used.The camera is decent but honestly I could not get past the initial problems I had with the phone to give it my time..I hope this helps.  Perhaps this is a perfect phone for some others, but I just can't stand it. :(

I had a HERO for about a month and loved it, BUT for someone who uses a phone while on the road in California I could not keep it becuse it will not allow a Bluttooth headset to activate the voice dialing.  According to HT tech service the new (2.1) software sillnot fix this problem.  they hope to fix it in the future but have no idea when.  So took it back and had to settle for a Blackberry Tour.  Good phone but no where near as easy to use and as flexible as the HERO.

I can never tell if it's just slow or not working at all. It mostly doesn't respond to touch, even though its a touch screen. Very dumb smart phone! Its a VERY poor quality phone!Don't buy it! Stay way!

I really love this phone. There are just some things I don't like. The battery life is OK, but wish it was a little bit better. With Sprint, it is difficult to tether the phone to your laptop or computer. Sprint has built in protection for people who try to tether it. There are ways around it without rooting the phone, it is just a pain to turn on and use it that way. Love the Android platform 2.1, which will be as high as this Hero will ever get through Sprint. Very easy to use smartphone. touchscreen is touchy at times and it takes a little bit to get used to, but once used to it, works great and would have it no other way. No real issues at all with freezing personally like some other people have reported. I do plan to get the EVO as well to add it to my family plan. So, it will be interesting to see which phone I like better. Love the way this phone is setup and how easy it is to use, that is the best feature of this phone. Its ease to use.

Do yourself a favor and avoid this phone! Don't buy it. Don't accept it as a gift. Two months after getting one the touchscreen just stopped working. I took it to the Sprint Store and the extremely rude tech kept me waiting for two hours to tell me that he couldn't find anything wrong with it. About 40 percent of the time the touchscreen works fine, the rest of the time it is a nightmare. I can't wait to get a new phone!

I have owned this phone for about eight months now, so I feel I have used it enough to make a valid review.This is not the worst phone on the market, but I wouldn't buy it again. I dropped AT&T; and the iPhone for this and I regret it now.Call conversations with this phone are decent and seem a little better than the iPhone. However, that is the only upside to this phone.It is HORRIBLY slow; I have to pull the battery and reboot every-other day to get it normal again. Programs constantly freeze; music/video/pics are a pain to load b/c it doesn't sync with iTunes; while trying to listen to music it skips parts of songs. I have missed many phone calls because if you are doing anything on the phone while a call comes in the screen freezes when you try to answer it; calls just goes to voicemail then.I really hope the iPhone comes to Sprint; overall I think it's the best phone out there by far. Sprint also has a better network and better service than AT&T; (my opinion) and their rate plan is unbeatable! But right now I am not a huge fan of the HTC line and Android because of this phone.

Just got my phone an hour ago and I'm not happy.  If you have a bluetooth headset and you're used to using the button on it to activate voice dialing, you're going to be disappointed. For some reason, HTC didn't properly implement that feature. So, if you push the button on your bluetooth headset or speakerphone, nothing happens. This is a basic feature built into most phones nowadays - even my free phone could do this, and it surprises me that HTC didn't implement it on their flagship Android phone. Why would you build a phone that cannot be voice activated for the bluetooth headset??  Isn't that the whole point of the bluetooth headset to have a hands-free phone?  I'm returning my phone tomorrow and going back to my free basic phone that actually works like a phone!!

I have had this phone for 19 months now and cannot wait to upgrade. Unfortunately, I now have to wait the full two years to upgrade, as Sprint is monkeying around with the upgrade and Sprint Premier programs. So I'm stuck with this antiquated junk that is slower than 90s era dial up speed and freezes up doing the simplest functions. Simply dialing a number is a challenge for this phone!! I cant see why anyone would buy this unit, even for the current advertised price of $79.99 on the Sprint website for a refurbished, a complete rip off. And to think I paid $200 when it was new. You're much better off going with any other phone, than this one. Be sure to read the other reviews on this phone, they are pretty accurate. Again, this really bites, while my girlfriend has a shiny new extremely fast Iphone 4s, I'm stuck for another 5 months with this bucket of a phone. I can't express how displeased I am with this phone. I would not recommend to a friend, but maybe someone I was not too fond of.

I had this phone for a while, I eventually traded it for a palm pre, which so far I'vew loved. I do however miss the android platform and am looking into getting a Samsung Moment.The HTC hero does not turn the screen off when you talk on it, so your cheek can press random buttons, start 3 way calls, etc.The phone is slow. I was regularly killing my apps, but the OS was always freezing or randomly restarting on me.I could NEVER receive picture mail.I would enevr go back to this phone, it was awful.

I've had my HTC Hero for two months now.  Having used an iPhone and my iPod Touch previously, I've found the HTC to be very, very lacking in many important areas.Most pressing, there's a significant response lag when using the touch screen features. A reboot or hard reboot is often necessary to clear issues which cause the slow downs.  An impatient person will find this maddening.Secondly, the apps seem to work on their own time frame.  The weather widget, for example, doesn't provide real-time weather UNLESS you click on the widget and refresh.  Even then the widget doesn't update on the main screen!  Other apps, although free in many cases, are very limited and often generic but can't hold a candle to the performance or features of iPhone apps.In summary, this phone tries to compete with Apple's iPhone but comes up far short in almost all categories.  Bypass this phone for now...

So I received this about 5 days ago from Amazon. Purchased for 1 cent with free activation and 2 day shipping. How does one beat that when it's still $150 at sprint.Anyway, it has been a really nice addition to my lifestyle.  Admittedly this is my first smart phone, but I am very computer saavy so I took to it right away.It is great. Last night I downloaded the full ZELDA game, and have been playing it since.  Great apps in that android market. Very functional camera..pretty snappy and I haven't had any of the lag that folks talk about. Even if that does happen occasionally, so be it.  This isn't the EPIC or EVO.. This is a damn good 1 penny smart phone that works great.  Currently I am streaming 'hair metal' radio through doubletwist.  Again, this has been a great addition to my lifestyle. I recommend it for anyone who doesn't want the upgrade to 4G yet.  I personally am not willing to pay an extra $10 a month service fee and $200 for that phone which is just way to huge in the first place.  The Hero is compact, solid and very functional.  Buy it.PS: Mine shipped with Android 2.1 (not 1.5 as some still think)which is awesome. With low/moderate use, battery life can make it 2 full days. With heavy use it easily makes it a full day.PSS: Otterbox Commuter case for it. Best on the market and worth it at $21.99 especially if you don't buy the insurance on this phone.

Before you buy this phone, you need to ask yourself if you will ever really want to, or need to, use a Bluetooth keyboard to do "power" emails, blogging or wordprocessing.  If you think you will be frustrated by not being able to find a Bluetooth keyboard that works with the HTC Hero, then turn around, and walk away... and don't waste your time on wondering why something so simple has been left out.  It is part of it's "Idiot-Savant" nature.  The phone does some things very well, but when it comes to pairing & connecting with a wireless keyboard, "it can't tie it's shoelaces."| Bluetooth Keyboard -- Bluetooth Keyboard -- Bluetooth Keyboard -- Bluetooth Keyboard |Now, the Sprint Navigation app works very well most times.  Now and again, you drive around in a circle because it goes nuts, but that is rare.  Barcode Scanner works well with this phone, reading QR codes with ease and allowing you to view related web pages, send email, call or use the Sprint Navigation to get "there".

This phone has a LOT of potential, unfortunately the software is TERRIBLE and it is either extremely underpowered or just poorly designed software. When the phone is new it is responsive to your touch, has a little bit of a lag when moving around but that's normal.Once you load apps on it and start attempting to use it towards it's potential the phone becomes crippled and in my opinion is the worst phone I've had it 10 yrs. I often wait 3-5 sec after clicking on pretty much any button for my input to be acknowledged. When dialing a call I will hit the person's name and it will actually not start the call for 35+ seconds. I've timed it with a stopwatch. It is so bad that in the beginning I thought it didn't take my input so I'd retouch the screen. Fortunately, this phone is so smart that it would recognize both inputs with the huge lag so it would connect my call with person A, and then when i was on the call with person A it would dial person A again at the same time so I'd be talking to them and we'd both hear the phone ringing. They'd ask me, why are you calling again when we're on the phone and I'd have to explain how ridiculously slow the phone is to respond and the problems. Only way to remedy this situtation is to hang up and retry.The phone drops calls in areas where my old phone never dropped calls, so i'd rate reception as worse.The battery life is awful. I use it fairly heavily, but after owning it for 6 months my phone battery is usually done after about 6hrs of being unplugged.I upgraded to the new Android OS 2.1 but this makes things even worse. Seems to have some nice newer features but that just makes the phone hog the internet more and be less responsive.Terrible lag when typing messages.Why can't the software developers figure out that this is a SINGLE CORE processor and it CANNOT multi-task.  If the user is actively using the phone, background tasks need to be halted so that the phone can be responsive. I'm tired of waiting 5 seconds between each click, and actually set the phone down when navigating through screens (e.g. like adding a new contact, seriously!!)

I had this phone over a year half. it sucks. The battery life is okay for less than a 8 hours with texts, and internet.  The internet is okay, but sometimes slow. Text is good. I recommend you, Don't buy it.  And I am looking around for Evo 4G and Evo 3D.

Recently received this phone as a replacement because my Samsung Moment wouldn't charge anymore. I love the OS, but the phone itself is beyond horrible. It's slow to respond to requests, the touch screen QWERTY board is a pain to use and it usually takes me five times longer to do simple things like text or email (if I can get online) or even simply connect a call. Currently shopping for another replacement!

This phone is easy to learn,  has apps for everything and has exceeded my expectations

Spending countless hours researching what phone you want?? on the edge about buying this one?? Then you were a lot like me. STOP and buy this phone! you wont regret it! everything from the appearance to the mechanics this phone deserves five stars. Bought one for me and my wife and we couldn't be happier. After having an Android I dont think we would ever be able to go back to a normal boring phone!!! THIS THING ROCKS!!!

No wonder it was a penny!  It came with android 1.5 software/hardware/firmware whatever... The latest version is 2.somethin'..  Good phone/bad battery life...don't customize phone till software is uploaded...pain in the ass!

The CPU isn't very fast nor the amount of RAM much.  The latest (Android 2.1) stock ROM has laggy performance especially when texting.I installed CyanogenMod 7 which helped a lot with the slow performance, but at times it is still slow.Battery life is usually 12 hours when used throughout the day with the apps and what not.  Talk time I still get 2 hours even after having the phone for 2 years.After 2 years the back cover slides off really easily.The smaller form factor is nice for sticking in your pocket and reduces the chance that I'll drop it and break the screen.  I like the trackball for scrolling web pages I'm reading.

I loved this phone at first, until I loaded the programs I wanted onto it. Severe lag meant the phone could be unusable for up to 5 minutes at a time, not to mention the battery life was less than a full day which means if I were not a college kid and up at weird hours of day anyways, most of the time it would have been dead.. It also lacks the feature to send applications to the SD Card which is insane. Another feature that I found severely lacking was the messaging application. The phone doesn't delete your texts after a certain amount like any other phone available on the market, which can exasperate the lag problem. It got to the point that I would set it down, go get a bowl of cereal, eat it, come back and the phone was still frozen. When I cut down the applications to the minimal amount along with manually deleting texts which made it somewhat serviceable, but I would not wish this on an enemy.

This would be a good first phone for a teen. It works well just like any other android phone, but it has its drawbacks. The reason I got this phone was to save a lot of money and and you can't beat Amazon's deal to start a Sprint account for only a penny.The phone does work well for a while, but as you start to use apps and downloading updates you will run out of internal memory really fast. It will eventually start to run a bit slow on you as well. It's not considering you only have to pay a penny for it, but that's only if you want to start a contract with Amazon.

I absolutely love this phone. Im not a big techy, electronic guy, so im not looking for perfection. This phone does everything I want.....and I upgraded already to android 2.1Now to the but....I switched to Sprint From ATT, cuz att nickels and dimes you for everything. And also guys from Best Buy said you get more for your money from Sprint; which you do.  My problem is the constant dropped calls and bad signals. We live in California, is it just where we live. Does anyone else out there in Cali have this problem...?

I purchased this phone to replace my direct connect phone.. I wasn't sure if I would like the phone. From the time I activated the phone, I was so impressed with the ease of use and all of the functions. I had to call customer support once and the call was fast , informative and pleasant! I am very happy with the hero!  Does everything I ever wanted to do on a phone.

If you have Sprint, this is the phone to get. The picture quality is great, the OS is fast and responsive as long as you are killing your apps regularly instead of letting them run in the background. Battery life is decent once again as long as you are killing the apps regularly. Unless need a keyboard that is not on screen, get the hero. The moment is a decent substitute if you need a keyboard, but the battery life on that is much worse and the OS seems to run a little slower.

This was my second HTC Android phone. It's a pretty fantastic phone. It can be a bit slow and laggy if you don't clear out your application and browser cache often enough. That can be frustrating to some people. However if you are able to root it and delete the Sprint bloat wear, or run your applications from your SD card, or boot a custom ROM, it is one of the best phones you could possible ask for.If you're good with technology and have the patience to root it, it is definitely a good phone to own. If not you may become frustrated with the lag. I suggest a phone with more internal memory. I'd recommend an Evo. I had one for a while (it was stolen) and it was very similar. It was also always quick and responsive and I never rooted it or anything like that. I hardly ever even bothered deleting my browsing history.

I have had this phone for a year and a half and have not had a single problem with it. All the apps are working fine, battery life is reasonable, it's fast in terms of response to the touch, phone service is great, YouTube video, multiuser games, sketch apps, podcasts, voice to text - they all work without a glitch . I am very much surprised by so many negative reviews here. I even dropped my phone into a large cup of coffee and it was still working. I just took the cover off and dried it up.

I both love and hate this phone.  I love the Android operating system.  It's very elegant and easy to use.  The Market is filled with Apps, and I was able to find an app for everything that I needed to do.  I've used several different Android phones and generally found that the Android OS is reliable and stable.  The phone and the user interface is also visually appealing.  Simply put, the phone and the OS are beautiful.HTC is known for adding its own modifications to the internal OS on all of its phones, and this one is no exception.  HTC has modified Android on this phone to make it better looking and in some cases easier to use.  However, those modifications may also have introduced problems, as I'll explain, below.There also seem to be some serious build quality issues at HTC.  The first phone that I got experienced an intermittent problem that caused the voice recognition feature to never work the first time.  If more than 30 seconds passed and I tried to use it, it would be wrong the first time, no matter what I said.  This was a minor issue, but there's really no reason why it should have occurred on one phone and not on another.  I got a replacment phone, and the voice recognition now works, but it takes forever (up to 20 seconds after I stop talking) to work at times.  There are a ton of posts on the internet about voice dialing problems on this phone, and so I'm not the only one complaining.Voice dialing is a major issue with this phone because the phone lacks any tactile keys.  When you're driving and you want to make a call, you can dial on a phone with a regular keypad by touch.  Since this phone has no keys, you either have to look at the keypad, or you have to use voice dialing.  Voice dialing on other phones (including the Samsung Moment and even my very old Motorola RAZR) can work very, very well.  Unfortunately, on this phone, it just doesn't.HTC also makes the Google Nexus One, and it too has had a mixed reception on quality issues.Even worse, my first Hero also had repeated crashes of software that should have worked fine, including the application that you use to program the phone with your phone # and MSID.  These are basic phone functions, and they really shouldn't crash.My second phone continues to have application crashes for apps that I know should work fine, and do work fine on other phones.  For example, today, the telephone dialer application crashed.  The telephone dialer application is the application that gives you a dialpad so you can use the phone.  It's a basic application, and shouldn't EVER crash.  Yet, on the HTC Hero it crashed for me today.I suspect that HTC's modifications to Android are responsible, as the problems have occurred on two different HTC Hero phones, and I've found that other Android phones are very reliable.While HTC's modifications make the Android OS visually appealing, they also replace text based labels which are easy to understand with often confusing icons.  HTC's modifications also make the phone take about 30 seconds longer to boot-up.  There is simply no reason why HTC needed to do this to its customers.  Honestly, I'd rather they at least give me the option to disable their enhancements...(Update:  Apparently, you can disable at least SOME of them: Go to the Home Screen, Press MENU button, Press Settings, Press Applications, Press Manage Applications, wait for the OS to compute application usage, Scroll down the list until you see HTC Sense and select it to go to the Application Info page, Press the Clear Defaults button, Press the HOME button. You will be prompted to select which app to compete the action with. Select Home and chose to make this the default action.  If you want SenseUI back, follow the same steps, but instead of selecting "HTC Sense" from the applications list, select the application called "Home" (not the HOME button), and then clear the defaults.)The processor may also be a bit slow.  I've noticed on several occasions that the phone seemed to miss the fact that I pushed on certain buttons.  For example, in order to answer calls on an HTC modified phone, you have to swipe your finger down the screen.  On several occasions, I've actually missed calls because the phone didn't register my swipe until the call went to voicemail.Why not just use the hard buttons?  Good question!  The layout of the call and answer buttons makes them very hard to use for someone with medium to large size hands, so its difficult to push one of them without also pushing one of the other nearby buttons.  The speakerphone volume is also a bit low, making it almost useless when you're in a car.Also, if you have a bluetooth headset and you're used to using the button on it to activate voice dialing, you're going to be disappointed.  For some reason, HTC didn't properly implement that feature.  So, if you push the button on your bluetooth headset or speakerphone, nothing happens.  Again, this is a basic feature built into most phones nowadays, and it surprises me that HTC didn't implement it on their flagship Android phone.I've also used a Motorola Cliq (which also runs Android) and the Samsung Moment and found them to be quite reliable.  The Moment definitely has a better screen, is a little larger than the Hero, and has a slide-out keyboard.  Given my experience thus far, I think that I like the Moment better.  Although it's a bit larger and I don't really care about a slide out keyboard, I can't stand the apps crashing on the HTC Hero..

coming from using blackberries, storm and iphone user and now am using sprint Htc touch pro 2. first of all the screen on the phone is horrible comparing to the new blackberries and other phones ive used, Ive always purchased expensive phones and htc hero is terribly slow and it keeps freezing all the time, some time have to do a battery pull, htc sense its very beautiful and useful but the phone processor cant handle it. with the right hardware its a winner, htc is known for making operating system easier for the user,i like android alot i think androids kicks iphones ass because of the personalization it offers and android look more today then the iphone operating system . iphone as a bunch of icons on a black background its a damn shame because iphone doesnt deserve all the sucess it as compared to android and web OS. i get great service form sprint here in boston, and all the features sprint offers is great gps,tv,unlimited data,text and video for 69.99 is great. if the phone had a faster processor it would be a winner. gave the phone to my little pro because am 20 and if your like me like everything to be on point and fast than the htc hero is not for you.only giving 2 stars because of htc sense makes android look grown.

I have had my HTC Sprint Hero since November 2009.  It is a great phone and I love the Android OS.  It's not quite as fast as the EVO or the Incredible (I love HTC phones :)) but the trackball is nice and its pretty responsive.  Plus there are now 100,000 apps in the app Market, most of which are free.  I have not had to pay for an app yet.  If you are looking for the next hottest phone - get the HTC Evo, Droid Incredible or the Droid X (And i think the Droid 2 just got announced today), stay away from the iPhone with its reception issues and stay away from AT&T with their crappy Android phones.  Get this if you want to be close to those other android phones but for less money.  I almost went and got the Evo then i realized the Hero is still pretty sweet so it wasn't worth the money for me.  And if you get bored of it then head on over to XDA-Developers, root your hero and start loading custom roms!

phone is not all that it was hyped up to be. battery is horrible. I find certain areas of the screen to be unresponsive sometimes. call quality is good. speaker for speaker phone is not that loud. will not hardly play videos. you have to reformat them in a low quality to get them to play. also the youtube feature is horrible. i find that the phone probably only plays about 25% of the videos.

Me & my husband use our family plan a lot...and by a lot I mean constantly we are both on our phones. This plan has worked out great for us because of the free nights and weekends and mobile to mobile. Especially since we mainly call eachother.

This is a sweet phone and only for a penny!!!! I have had Sprint in the passed, and the customer service really was terrible. But now, they are really great at helping whenever I have a question. This phone is everything that the reviews described it would be. The battery is dead by the end of the day, but I think that is pretty consistent with any data phone.

I read alot of reviews on this phone and most people seemed pleased.  Major complaint was the short battery life.  My husband and son both got this phone and both absolutely love it.  My husband previously had the Samsung Mythic and my son had the AT&T Quickfire.  They both had issues with the previous phones however they absolutely love the Hero.  My son is very picky about his phones and I was concerned with the battery issue when I read the reviews but it appears if you make sure that you are not running apps in the background the battery life is very good!  They would definately recommend this phone.

Awesome plan. You can call ANY cell phone as much as u want, and night and weekends start at 7, and u have unlimited data, AND sprint service has dramatically improved to equal Verizon and DEFINITELY surpasses AT&T, for 70$ plus tax NO plan or service can compete. The phone 4.5 stars, nearly perfect but laggy sometimes.

Very happy with all aspects of the Hero.  I have not encountered anything negative and would highly recommend to someone who desires an Android phone.

First off, this is THE worst phone I have ever owned... (owned this Hero for about 2 months)Texting on this POS is incredibly irritating (a lot of times, the phone suggests and utilizes words which have nothing to do with the word you actually want), if you hit the wrong button, it screws up your entire word (and don't even think about turning off the T-9 or suggestive spelling... the keys are so small that texting without suggestions would take a decade).The phone itself is terribly slow, I haven't even downloaded apps for fear that the phone will run EVEN slower. If you try to text quickly or switch between apps, such as from messaging into camera, the thing locks up. I've had problems with the alarm app, too (keep in mind, these are apps that came with the phone)... I have to reset my daily alarms about once per week, since they seem to stop going off after a while. Also, if I'm on a call and the alarm goes off, sometimes the whole phone will lock up and the alarm will continue to chime AFTER I've turned it off. I have nothing to say about the Android apps, except that I don't need to watch TV or movies on my phone (I have a life outside of technology); the apps, in general, would be pretty useless, unless you go on long flights or train rides.Needless to say, I've almost thrown this terrible phone across the room on multiple occasions, just because of its lack of speed and tendency to freeze up during quick-texting. I've had a BB Pearl in the past, which I thought at the time to be a bad phone, but going back and getting a BB again would be a relief right about now... at least the old BB's worked quickly but weren't so quick to suggest useless words.One more thing, the camera on the Hero is horrible! Slow to auto-focus, and pics come out blurry unless you happen to be an inanimate statue or had been born with tripod arms. Come next pay check, I am selling this waste-of-plastic phone and plan to buy an older BB or even a new Palm.

I've had this phone for one week. Previously had a plain (uh, non-smart?) cellphone and no data plan -- upgrading to this phone and a data plan was rather impulsive, but I've no regrets. It took several days of working with the phone to get comfortable -- changing keyboards from QWERTY to Compact QWERTY was the single most important change -- couldn't type worth a darn with regular QWERTY even after calibrating it and spending hours trying to become accurate. Compact QWERTY has larger 'buttons' so most keys have two letters (as well as other characters, too) -- bottom line: I'm able to type w/o too much backspacing (regular QWERTY I swear I had to hit backspace as often as any other 'key') Anyway, compact QWERTY saved the phone from being returned.Main drawback so far is battery life. An App Killer (such as Advanced Task Killer free) is pretty much a necessity to avoid draining battery any more than necessary. I have to charge Hero daily (though that's probably because I'm still playing with it so much), but it's worth it to me because of the functionality. Also, sometimes it takes a little persistance to get phone/app to respond to a touchscreen press (Pandora can be sluggish in this regard.)If I had needed to do extensive rather than occasional text entry, this phone would not have worked out for me. However, for my usage, I'm quite pleased with HTC Hero.

Sprint and HTC tried to stuff 10 lbs of "stuff" into a 5 lb bag when they created the Sense/Android 2.0 upgrade.  It made my phone run like garbage.  Since they didn't offer the ability to revert my phone to a 1.5 ROM working state, I was forced to root my phone to get it back to 1.5.  It now works great...again.I wish I would have stayed with the official 1.6 version...Sprint should offer this again as an unrooted down(up)grade.Sucks that we have to undo the mess that Sprint/HTC got us in to...but it would likely solve many of the complaints listed here.

I got this phone through Sprint last November. At first, I was completely taken by all that it could do, which is essentially everything that one could want: make calls, take pictures, keep track of contacts, surf the web, complete Gmail integration and the list goes on and on and on. I am now on my THIRD phone, and they all have the same essential problem - this phone is woefully underpowered when you are multitasking. You have to keep using the "TaskKiller" app in order to shut off the programs that take up RAM space. Otherwise, (and even sometimes even despite the use of the task killer) the keys stick constantly, so that you end up waiting what seems like forever for the processor to "process" your command - sometimes I count off "six one thousand" before it responds. This is especially annoying when, as is a regular occurrence, I am typing an email, a call comes in, and I cannot answer it because the phone doesn't exit the email program in time for me to say "hello". There are times when I get so frustrated at this thing that I want to throw it against the nearest brick wall and take pleasure in watching it break into a gazillion pieces. Sprint is undoubtedly aware of this issue, but refuses to allow me to purchase, at the discount, the new EVO phone, which has a 1Ghz processor and which from what I have read, is, unlike this piece of crap, ready for prime-time, as is reflected in the fact that Sprint can't keep them in stock, and neither can Amazon. To go on eBay to find one will cost $600. So as a nearly 20 year Sprint customer, I am left with this piece of frustration-inducing technology until September of 2011, or I decide to ditch Sprint altogether and get another Android phone with another carrier. Which is a tough call since Sprint has a really great network that I would hate to leave. But boy, this phone has so much potential - but it's really underpowered and as a result, the whole Android and Sprint experience is too often just pathetic. What should be a pleasure, has turned into something that too often raises my blood pressure.

I read some good reviews on this phone off Sprint's web site before i bought it, but that was before Sprint did an upgrade that jacked up everyone's phone. Now it freezes and takes forever to text and dial out. Sometimes there is a 10 - 15 second lag - no joke. Also, the controls are awful and it takes about 8 clicks to check your text messages. Dials in my pocket sometimes, and it erased all my contacts randomly once. I researched on the web and found out they have multiple issues with this. I thought this was going to be an upgrade from the Sprint Instinct - what a piece of junk! Can't wait till February!

Sorry for typos or some gramatical anomal&iacute;as, english is my third language...I am an old Iphone user. One day a friend of our showed up with her brand new Palm Pre in our house. I begun playing with the Pre and I liked what I saw. Thus because I HATED ATT I DECIDED TO SWITCH TO SPRINT. I assumed that this would be better experience and etc. Well I love Sprint Service....BUT I had horrible problem with Palm Pre. I had to go throughout three phones and all of them were horrible. I was painstriken and hated every second of choosing the PRE. After some conversation with Amazon staf I was told to return the PRE and order other phone.I was torn between two Android Phones HTC Hero or Samsung Moment... I have read gazilion reviews and discussions on the internet. One of the major factors for me was the screen and the other one was the build and processor speed. I could not decide what to do, what phone should I get. The HTC Hero in the local store was slow and horrible to use. But I had a bright idea of restarting the phone, and I was plesently surprised at the speed of the UI and how fluid everything was.Thus I decided that the build quality and hope that HTC is going to release updates more frequent then Samsung I took a plunge. I realy like this phone, it is faster then Iphone 3G and slightly slower then my Ipod 3rd gen ohhh and it is much less buggy then WebOS device.Now, the screen it dose have problems, these problems are noticeble on gradients in the form of banding. The phone can not handle them well (65K screen will have some banding) Thus for exemple app like slacker will show some unsightly banding in the botom, or facebook client will display barely noticeble hallo on the background. Samsung moment is better in that regarding. But the quality of coating is beter on HTC hero, screen feels smooth and has good contrast. My phone dose have slight light bleed in the conner but that is about it.Speed, it is fast. Most of the time user will not notice any difference in performance between Samsung Moment and HTC hero. And with Hero you can get more screens. The system seems to be solid, user experience excellent, phone is working awesome. (knock on wood)The Android seems to be beter then Iphone and Web Os at helping some one to manage their time and resources more efficiently.

For some reason my phone, HTC Hero from Sprint, will NOT allow me to download the app store from Amazon. Other than that, it's a pretty good phone.UPDATE: I did what the user told me to do and now it works fine! Thanks!!

we've had this phone for a little under a year and i've had to take it in twice for repair. It freezes up all the time. The control are just impossible. It's heavy as hell. Sprint offers TV on this device but it might as well not have any because it almost never works. The camera is good and so it's the camcorder but the rest is not worth the money. Save your money and invest it on a device that will last longer than 9 months.

I love HTC hero and it is so convenient with all google app.Sprint everything family plan is awesome! No limit on talking, msg, or web surfing (most important). No worry about using up all my data when streaming Pandora. and sprint navigation is another cool feature. I don't need another GPS now. (Maybe I still need one when there is no mobile signal.)

I've had the Hero for about a year now and I couldn't be happier.  Aside from a few minor glitches that were easily resolved bt Sprint customer service, this is a great machine.  I highly recommend it.

I have had the Hero from Sprint for almost two years now and I am very happy with it. I only upgraded at the time because I kept receiving texts on my Razor. Texting wasn't that easy on the Razor. Any way, my wife and kids have newer phones that don't hold a candle to the Hero.  The Hero has less clich&eacute;s and just seems to work better than the newer phones. I would recommend however that you install an App killer. Those pesky ones running in the background can drain your battery. Another reviewer mentioned the lack of functionality while using the bluetooth... I used a headset for a while that had some of the same issues but the truck I have now has bluetooth built in and it works beautifully.Bottom line... If you want a good phone that will keep you connected and that "Just works", (sorry Apple), you cant do much better than the Hero.

I purchased my Hero when it first came out almost a year ago. At the time, I thought I wanted the newest Windows Mobile phone since that is what I was used to, or maybe the Palm Pre. When I saw the Hero at the Sprint store I knew this was the phone for me. I have been pleasantly surprised and very happy ever since. The phone is a nice compact size - a benefit in most cases as it slips easily into a pocket. The newer Evo has a much larger screen which makes things easier to see but with a drawback of bulk. I have owned many PDAs and smart phones in the past but this was the first one that I felt worked the way it should. If I had to choose again today I might pick the EVO 4G for the bigger screen, 4G and faster processor, but I don't feel compelled to upgrade right away as I am still happy with the Hero. These two phones seem to be fine choices and at the lower price of the Hero now it is a real bargain. Spint service has been great and just seems to get better. I don't have reception or service issues, the voice quality is excellent and Sprint customer service has been very good (not like the old days of waiting forever for an operator) - plus the price of my plan is so much cheaper than Verizon or ATT. My friends on ATT with their iphones get dropped calls all the time - knowing what they pay for servcie, I just chuckle. Just try making a call at the Javitz convention center with an iPhone - ha. I have not used any cases for my Hero and it has held up great.

this is one of the best phones I ever owned. The feature are very nice, it as a nice feel in my hands and the internet speed is not bad, but it could be better. so far I have no real complain about this phone. The battery will die quickly if you leave on the internet,wifi or lights. there is a wig it that can control all of that pre-installed.

i've had my phone for about 5 months now.  i bought it within the first two weeks of its release.  i still really love it.  it's actually been transformative in my daily life.this is my first smartphone, so i don't have much to compare it with.  but i was looking for a few things in my phone.first, i wanted to be able to develop apps for it without having to buy a mac or pay some fee. so android was pretty much it.  secondly, i didn't want to be on the ATT network since i felt that it was probably getting slammed by all of the iphone usage.  i'd heard too many people complain about poor service especially at large events.anyway, i read reviews about this product prior to purchasing it, and i haven't found any of the common problems to really bother me that much.  typing was something that people complained about, and that hasn't affected my usage.  although honestly, i don't type too much on it.  just a few short messages a day.  some had complained about lag time in screen response, but i have not noticed any problems.  the screen is very responsive maybe once a day or so, it gets a little slow, but nothing that i get frustrated over.it's a great size, very slim.takes great pictures.and i've never had any service issues with it.the one thing that i think could be improved is the battery life. but even that is managable.i just plug it in to my computer for maybe an hour or so during the day, and charge it at night when i sleep, and it's been fine.all in all, it's a great device.i'm definitely happy with my purchase.additionally, the sprint monthly service contract is so cheap.  i have 450 min/mo, with unlimited data, unlimited mobile to mobile (any carrier not just sprint), and nights/weekends start at 7, for 69.99.  can't beat the price.

Ok. I've had this phone for 6 months now and been an iPhone fan before. Android has quickly changed that.Worth every penny (I paid half of the cost of an iPhone), it's quick and extremely user friendly. You can change out your microSB card (I recommend doing that first thing) to something larger than 2gb- if you're planning to store stuff. You don't have to (you'll have plenty of space left, trust me), but it's something to do if you like watching a lot of movies and playing a lot of music.You'll have five screens to customize and place apps. Plus, tons of options for different screen setups can be found in the Market. Most all the apps are free on the Market and are the same as an iPhone's. Advance Task Killer (app) will eliminate any lags you will encounter. Numerous other apps will significantly improve performance and benefit you- for free.The touch screen is powerful, works very well, and is not sensitive (which is good for preventing accidental touches). It turns sideways when you need it sideways, moves various game characters around like a PS3 controller's tilt to move abilities, and has really clear graphics. It's just big enough to be easy to see/read and to make the phone fit in your pocket.Call quality is clear, number/text pad is easy to use, and you have a lot of options on how to store your numbers.The phone, itself, is pocket sized, just thin enough to make it feel like you have something in your hand, and light. It doesn't feel or look bulky. I've dropped mine quite a few times and have yet to see any problems. The body is slightly rubbery which makes it absorb impacts better. The screen must be thick because I've also scraped it a lot (dropping it) but have yet to see where it's done any damage. The buttons are still working fine even after attacking them for games I play. The roller ball is kind of pointless. You can scroll with it, though. I imagine it would be used if the touch screen would ever become unresponsive (other phones fail to make sure you can still use them when this happens).The earphone placement is conveniently located at the top so you can have it in your pocket and listen to music. The sound quality is really nice and clear. The charger cable that it comes with hooks directly into your computer; your computer will also charge your phone. The phone to computer ability is quick and easy with many options.Camera is.. decent. For its time, it's a leap and bound. Stay away from overly bright lights or dark dark places and it will be just fine.This phone will also provide a working internet network for your computer if you don't have one (or even if you do).Overall, it's extremely user friendly and great to own if you want a good, sturdy phone that is capable of doing many many things. There are faults that people complain about that are easily solved through downloading free apps, so don't be discouraged. Read up on it, if you have to.Must have apps:Advance Task Killer (clears task)Chomp SMS (replaces default messenger)Dolphin Browser (replaces default browser)Network PDA (creates a network for your computer)Audio Manager (gives you more volume abilities)

This is just a terrible phone and should never have been made.

cool phone, love the aps and memory but doesn't stay charged a full 12 hours!

I seem to have only problems with this phone:- The battery life is ridiculous. Even just keeping the phone inactive in your pocket for a day uses up the battery completely. I had to install an app to kill unnecessary background tasks just to be able to not use the phone for a whole day.- The screen lock works only partially. It seems to wake up slower than the rest of the phone, so most of the time you can read what happened last before it locks the phone.- Similarly, the unlock function starts displaying long before it is able to process input. It takes several seconds of typing before the virtual keyboard reacts and processes input.

I first started Sprint service with a red LG Rumor Touch and it was stolen so I purchased an HTC Hero. This is the best phone that I have ever owned. It is fast, has a lot of apps, and is overall a great phone. GREAT PHONE AND I CAN NOT SAY THAT ENOUGH. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT PHONE FOR SPRINT, PURCHASE THIS ONE BECAUSE THE RETAIL ON IT IS HIGHER THAN A SLEW OF HTC PHONES. THANK YOU!

I initially had gone for Blackberry's new 8350 Curve after switching from an iPhone.  I made the switch because Sprint is the only service with repeaters in our hospital and so is the only service readily available throughout.  The new Curve is a functional, cost-effective phone but I genuinely missed the ability to read webpages as they are and the features of a touchscreen in general.  I read of the battery issues with the HTC Hero but was convinced that if I avoid the native messenging system that it would be fine and that has turned out to be the case.  I can easily use the phone all day on one charge--no problem.The iPhone compared to this device is much more simplified--the same patterns of button pushing get you wherever you want on the iPhone.  That said, the Hero outdoes the iPhone in its adaptability, navigation, camera, multi-tasking and built-in applications.  I did not expect that I would be as impressed as I am with this device but it's snappy, has great screen resolution and is just so intuitive that even though it's more complex than the iPhone--you'll be flying through it in no time.

It's May of 2011 and I've had this phone for a little over a year. I'll cut right to the chase:Pros* Very scratch resistant screen* Can handle some hard falls* Call connection and quality are generally good (I'm in Houston)Cons* Can't handle Android, or at least not the Android software package from Sprint (which includes a lot of bogus software that can't be removed)* Battery life will start out moderately okay. About the time that the hardware warranty expires the battery will turn from bad to worthless. Note: the Sprint phone protection plan does not cover the battery.It's almost half way through 2011, by now there are much better phones than this. Other people I know that have Android don't have sluggishness that this phone has. In case you're wondering if I know how to use a phone (like force close the dozens of apps that try to run in the background), yes I do.

I've had the HTC Hero for almost a year and can honestly say that this is the worst cell phone I have ever had the displeasure of owning. There are so many bugs and glitches in this thing that it's better suited as a paperweight. Yes, I have done all the updates and am using the app killer and it's still junk. My 2 major gripes are battery life and lag. PLEASE, before buying this phone, do an internet search and check out the numerous sites that are dedicated to this piece of junk phone.**UPDATE**I am still under my 2 year contract with this phone (2 months to go) and it's still a collosal piece of junk. Absolutely the worst phone I have ever had. I can't saying anything good about this phone. I think HTC should refund everyone who bought this phone, seriously. HTC knowingly put out a phone that they knew was a complete piece of junk! Anyway, do not buy this phone!

I have had a Boost Mobile(Sprint's prepaid service) phone for a while, and I finally decided it was time to upgrade. After alot of searching, I decided on the HTC Hero for Sprint. I am very please with my purchase. The phone is easy to use, even if you may not be familiar with the technology associated with it. There are tons of great apps for the phone. It is so nice to be able to access what I want, where I want it.The only downside I have found on this phone so far is battery life. If I use the apps, games, music much, the battery is drained very quickly. It seems to be a common theme with alot of high powered phones. I make sure I have a charger at home, at work, and in the car, and I am okay.I would definitely recommend this phone! It isn't one of the best selling phones on the market right now for nothing.

This phone is something that makes me very happy.  First of all, the negatives....it's a little slow.  I am still going through and learning how to turn off some apps that would slow it down like the updating weather app.  While it is cool that when it's cloudy or rainy, it's that on your screen, it slows down the phone when I go to make a call or really do anything.  Other than that, this phone does it all.  This is my first Android phone and I couldn't love it more.  It's simple enough to understand and is a very durable phone.  I really recommend it to anyone who isn't an expert at Android but also wants a good enough phone.

The Sprint HTC Hero was my first smartphone. I was excited to be joining the world of mobile information... for about a week. Then I realized that for what it was *supposed* to be, the Sprint HTC Hero was horrible on almost every conceivable level.- Extremely slow and unresponsive- Constantly makes random calls while in your pocket- Poor battery life- Randomly stops allowing you to make calls- Buttons suddenly stop working for no apparent reason- Adding apps makes it slow way down- It clearly does not have enough horsepower to manage its own operating systemAt first, I thought this was just a defective phone. However, $35 dollars later (Sprint's charge for a phone exchange), I found out that it wasn't just that particular phone. It's just a clunky model that is on a superficial level a smartphone, but pretty much as inconvenient and unusable a smartphone as I've encountered. Despite having an unlimited data plan, I look for every excuse I can to avoid using any data features because it's that slow and unwieldy to use. A real embarrassment, and I will definitely be thinking a lot harder before ever getting an HTC product again. In fact, I probably won't.

I was debating whether to wait for the new Evo or just get this one instead. However, I needed a phone right away so with the Evo a couple of weeks away I had no other choice than to go ahead and order the Hero. The first thing I did was upgrade to Android 2.1 and I cannot tell you how happy I am with the little guy. It is snappy, the screen is beautiful and it just feels right in my hand. You cannot get a better phone for $.01 Get it while you can.

I'm perfectly happy with the HTC Hero.  I came from the Palm family after many years and had never had a data plan before since I really only needed a PDA.  I really would have loved to have an iphone since I am a heavy Mac user.  Unfortunately just like Palm, I had to give up ATT after 15 years b/c I now work in building that gets "no service".  I couldn't wait any longer for the iphone to be available on another network as my phone died 2 weeks ago.There is an app on the market to transfer my memos from Palm.  I have not had any problems with Android 2.1 and don't really care that there are no other firmware versions available in the future.  I'll just get something new when my contract  expires. Epocrates just told me that their live version for android is almost ready for release so that I won't be stuck with their beta version much longer.This phone is also great for the navigation, for keeping me more organized as I learn to accept the Google cloud, and for accessing the internet on occasion.  If you follow the recommendations on the internet for saving battery life you can get 2-3 days on one charge, depending on how much downloading you are doing.  Word of advice- save your phone contacts to gmail and not the phone's SD card option so you will always have a backup for future phones that use gmail.  Even if you never get mail at gmail like me, it is still worth keeping for your contact storage, There are probably apps to help you import all this or just enter them directly into the gmail contact list then sync the phone. This let's you enter the information on a laptop or desktop like a Palm or Blackberry.  Trust me, you don't want to be typing it all into the phone with the touch pad.I don't like  being stuck with Nascar and Sprint TV and other programs that I will never use w/o rooting the phone (not going there).  There may be better phones out there for those who really need the 4G network speed or constantly need updates from their emails and facebook and whatever.  So far for my life as a mom and a doctor, this is fine.

Don't get this phone.In the first couple of months, you'll like it, but after you do the updates and have the phone for over a year, you will want a different phone.This phone lags, the Power, dial buttons on the bottom are all starting to peel off.  If I lay my phone on a table a tad hard, it'll completely turn off.Internet is super slow!You have to often reboot the phone because it freezes.Takes literally about 20 seconds to dial a phone number some times.Touch screen isn't that great.I wouldn't recommend it.

I have this phone about a year. It will dial numbers on its own once you put it in your pocket(even in a case! Touch the screen the wrong way and major units pre loaded on the screen when you got it will disappear.  I have an i-touch and so I can compare applications in both. The Android applications I have down loaded, for the most part, are second rate. If you have adult fingers like mine, you are constantly entering the wrong letters into the phone, because the symbol is too small.  The touch pad dialing is flawed. If you press too hard instead of dialing the number an edit/information screen comes up and you have to close and start all over. All in All the phone is more trouble then the internet connection it allows is worh. It has turned me off on any HTC phone.
