
everything were perfect , the only thing that i would like to add is the phone do not bring with it the micro sd memory ...

If you want a Blackberry, Buy the 8520. This one and the 8520 have no big changes at all, just the price...You can say they're the same....They just have LITTLE differences in appeareance...But nothing else, The camera is still 2 MP, no flash, Wi Fi, Bluetooth, GPS..Same thing, huh?RIM is doing the SAME phone over and over.Little differences:-The housing-It doesn't have little bars to separate the keys near the trackpad.-The thingy that covers the battery...(I think it's called cover)-The GPS and 3G thingTHAT'S IT! NO MORE CHANGES! STILL THE SAME SMARTHPHONE!Buy the 8520, it's cheaper and it's basically the SAME.

Excelente, la entrega muy bien y el equipo funciona muy bien en Venezuela!! con la operadora Movilnet, lo recomiendo, muy bueno

When this phone came... I hardly spent time with it someone else wanted it. have to buy another... I was pleased with the shipment and the phone itself

por favor si me pueden ayudar para que me cambien el telefono que llego da&ntilde;ado y no funciona,el mismo queda encendido y se apaga constante es decir no queda encendido, ya es la segunda vez que les escribo. y si no procedo de otra manera, gracias

The item seems to be in good conditions but when I insert the memory card it says ERROR, then the cell suddenly resets.It seems refurbished to me which is a total lack of respect from the seller.You don't buy it.

el producto fue recibido en buen estado, era lo que esperaba, recoemndado al 100%. levanto 3G con Movilnet en Venezuela.Saludos

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with Warranty (Black)

los productos son muy buenos los recomiendo a todas aquellas personas que se atrevande verdad los recomiendo muy agradecidosgraciassaludos

I chose this rating because the product arrived in poor condition, trackball bad, bad battery, a product of character refurbished, buy it as &#34;NEW&#34; and get &#34;USED&#34; very bad this shopping experience, I had to pay extra to fix it, ask me my money back. Do not recommend anyone.

me encanto el producto lo recomiendo y el vendedor es muy rapido el equipo funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n lo recomiendo

When you buy this mobile, you must to communicate with your seller and request the code for unlocked the mobile Blackberry at your country.I'm very happy with this product. I'm recommend this mobile.

I just loved the device. It's really great. But I have to report some problems with the battery charger and battery itself. The battery charger is not for USA and it is not the same that come in the original box. They change it for a Britain plug. Another problem is the battery. It lasts only half day, even in lock position and without making calls or using wi-fi internet. The original and new one lasts 19 days of stand-by and up to 5.5h of talk time, as blackberry.com says. My battery just don't works like a new one (and I don't think it is).I am very disappointed with these problems and feeling tricked.Be carefulPs.: Sorry about my poor english.

This phone is state of the art,oh, say 2005.  The software is cumbersome.  One must go through arcane menu after menu to do the simplest of tasks.  Some bright guy at Blackberry designed the A key such that when it is held down for only a very short while it locks the keyboard. You have to press the mute button on the top of the phone to unlock it.  Nice.  The menus are less than intuitive.  In fact, Blackberry is probably the best friend that Microsoft ever had because now there is something that is even more of a pain in the neck to use than Windows.  One can do far, far better with a host of smart phones.  My firm issued this phone to me, so it's free.  That's what it's worth.

I've had nothing but problems trying to do ANYTHING except surf the net, with this phone. I love watching videos and have yet to be able to load ONE video that will actually play. The software is supposed to find the right formats for video and audio, but it does not. I spent hours trying to find support, THERES IS NO SUPPORT except forums and technical papers online. There is no way to get one to one customer support, at least I have not found any. I've had the phone for 3 weeks and I am ready to ditch it. Wastes your time. What good are all the functions if you can't use them without constant error messages? I'm a fairly competent gadget user, but this thing has me frustrated. The one thing that works well is the WIFI, no glitches there. The rest is way too complicated, reminds me of the old MP3 players that you had to spend hours on to make them work the way you wanted them to. I agree with the reviewer who says this phone is stuck where windows was about 5 years ago. Complicated, not intuitive and worst of all, no support for the individual buyer, although they have plenty of paid support for companies. Would not recommend.

Don't buy this phone. It doesn't support the 3G bands internationally. I bought it and it only supports up to EDGE connection so I'm screwed with this phone cuz i needed 3G

No problems, totally new, excellent phone, batery last very long, good charger, the phone doesn't come with flash but i love it.

I've bought this Unlocked Blackberry, but when I received the phone, I realized that the phone was not unlocked but locked to AT&T.;I had to pay $12 for a code to unlock it.

The smartphone is very good. Very fast. It works on 3g is mark T-Mobile. His operating system answers very well. The very good chamber(camera) in spite of the fact that it does not have flash.Al very good, But I have received the product in Venezuela, all good. Nevertheless, I want to do the so called one, since it requests that they were sending the smartphone marks AT&T; and I come near brand mark T-Mobile; in addition, the box where the smartphone comes was opened. Nevertheless, I have noticed and the product is not secondhand or refurbished.I bought the product to the seller WorldWide Distributors.

Hi, i receive in perfect condition, in time ... all good ... but ...the product was model "RDB71UW" of BlackBerry 9300 ... acording with the manual this model works inUMTS 900 / UMTS 1700 / UMTS 2100but amazon description article says ..."850 / 1900 / 2100"and now ?? i working with EDGE .. and I PAY 100 bucks (around) to use 3G ...i should have bought 8520 .... =(Im live in argentina and i need the other freqs, i want my money back!

los equipos funcionan perfectamente, solo que son refurbished y eso baja la calidad del producto, tambi&eacute;n deber&iacute;an traer de una vez el software 6.0 todos y no algunos equipos nada nada mas, falto un cargador en uno de los equipos!!

a great purchase, thanks!i am very happy with my black berry and know i make a great deal with it thank you

verything excellent, the only thing, i did not know (and not liked) is : it had t-mobile written  below the space bar, it arrived on time, great product.

excelente telefono. desde que lo compre esta en funicionamiento, ademas que me vino con todo lo accesorios y la tecnologia en venezuela es de excelencia con este equipo

3G does not work on AT&T!  I received a T-Mobile branded phone that only supports 2G (EDGE) on the AT&T network. When I asked to replace the phone for one that supports 3G on AT&T, I was told that I should have known in advance whether or not the phone would work on 3G before I bought it, and since I had opened the box to test it, I would not be allowed to return it for a replacement or refund!  The description of the phone states that the supported HSPDA (3G) networks are 850, 1900, and 2100 (AT&T uses 1900, T-Mobile 2100), so a reasonable inference would be that 3G will work with AT&T, but it doesn't. It doesn't because when either AT&T or T-Mobile brand their phones, they disable 3G capability if the phone is used with the other carrier. The sellers of unlocked 3G phones should be required to disclose who's branded phone they are selling, so that the customer can make an informed choice. Because they aren't required to do so and don't, I was sold a product that does not perform as advertised. Buyer beware!

Nice nice nice internet fast love BBm service it is durable because I made this phone fall down like 10 times already so it nice

Compre 2 BB 9300 desbloqueados y sencillamente llegaron a Vzla en excelentes condiciones de operatividad y ademas levanta 3G con Movistar. Estoy muy conforme y lo recomiendo.

i was so exited about this phone, nevertheless this phone has a lot of problems like the software, the trackpad didn't work properly, i have always problems with the ESN.!!

Just as the saller outline It was a little more than I was expecting love it thanks I will be back for more

el producto no es como lo especifican. esta malo. tiene problemas con el software y no sirve el 3g en banda 2

excellent product works properly again and have free band GSM and how important is a secure website where you can make purchases without worries

It worked well at first, but then it crashed and died after 1 year.Can't get it repaired, so bought a android phone instead.

The item came with damage that had to send for repair. The chip box was broken and and the external memory was bad. Is this a joke?? I dont recommend under any circumstances buy from this store to anyone.

mi experiencia por la compra de este articulo fue una real estafam es virtud que el equipo no es nueve, los usos de datos estan excedidos!! no caigan con este usuario, es un mal vendedor!!

Bought two of these phones, one for me and the wife and never had a problem. Its arrived on time also.

Excelente de muy buena calidad tal como lo esperaba los recomiendo ampliamente y llego en el tiempo estipulado como nuevos, !

El pin no le funciona y aqui en Venezuela me dijeron que el pin posee un bloqueo internacional, probablemente por robo! Me contacte con el vendedor y no me dio soluci&oacute;n s&oacute;lo me dijo que eso no era posible y ya.

much money for a phone that does not meet expectations, is a very functional phone I do not like.battery will damage the month of purchase, not recommended at all

I've had the 3G for a few weeks now and I'm fairly pleased with it. I only give 3 stars because the trackpad is bad and the keybord is cramped.  Otherwise the phone is as expected from it's specifications. The trackpad is the only deal breaker in my opinion. It truly makes the general use of the phone inefficient and frustrating. I'll keep this one for 1 year and change for a more expensive model.

Celular reparado,teclado ovalado internamente provocando fallas al momento d escribir,Zena Mobile m lo vendio,no puede ser q lo vendan como new,enganando al cliente,decepcion!

The blackberry was great.  Couldn't tell it was a used product.  No problems with shipping, got to us when expected.

works perfect, looks almost new, i want to buy another one Lol thanks for all friend, do you have more models?

I was pretty afraid of these product after reading previous reviews but decided to buy it anyways. I like it, I use it in ECUADOR and all features are supported, including 3G (I use it only in movistar). I like the looks of the phone and it feels much better than a BB 8520, the camera isn't great but it is good enough. I have used it for about a month now and have had no trouble. The only thing I don't like is the battery, The charge lasts for 1 day tops and that is once you have turned off the 3G, wi-fi, and bluetooth, with all those features ON I probably wouldn't be able to use the phone for more than 6-8 hours, even if you only use it to send text messages. The seller was pretty bad too, he cancelled my order about 3 days after I placed it arguing the phone was not in stock, but the only thing he did was to raise the product's price, I bought it for the second price but amazon.com gave me a refund for the price difference, I strongly recommend the amazon.com support chat, thanks to that I could get the phone without being cheated on by the original seller.

i like my phone! its just what i wannted.The only think in the article saids that some bands, but when arrived its anothers band :s

Realmente compr&eacute; este celular con muchas expectativas, soy muy cuidadosa con mis pertenencias, por lo que suelen durarme mucho tiempo. Esta vez fue la excepci&oacute;n, pues ni bien ten&iacute;a 3 meses us&aacute;ndolo cuando empezaron mis problemas, que son innumerables: El teclado no funciona se queda como muerto o sino intercambia todas las letras, presiono l y sale m, o la r y sale la s, por lo que muchas veces enviar un simple texto es un calvario. Asimismo, la pieza t&aacute;ctil es incontrolable, no es dif&iacute;cil de manejar, es IMPOSIBLE y ni con paciencia, ni con ma&ntilde;a, hace lo que quiere. La bater&iacute;a dura muy poco, no soy de estar navegando ni enviando mensajes ni hablando todo el d&iacute;a, pero si uso un blackberry es porque utilizo sus m&uacute;ltiples funciones... cuando puedo porque no se me ha descargado. La c&aacute;mara es muy deficiente, pero en realidad no esperaba fuera diferente, pues no es lo prioritario para m&iacute; en un celular. Reclam&eacute; por la garant&iacute;a, pero aunque me siento enga&ntilde;ada con el aparato, con la garant&iacute;a no pues al comprarlo sab&iacute;a no daban, lo hice para ver si pod&iacute;an valorar mi caso como diferente. Considero que es mala se&ntilde;al que no lo hagan, imagino deben saber los problemas de este modelo, porque si revisaran mi celular (el aparato que tengo en mis manos, no los de otras personas, sino el que yo he cuidado much&iacute;simo), observar&iacute;an que ni una rayita de maltrato tiene... por fuera est&aacute; impecable, pantalla, teclas, parte de atr&aacute;s, como nuevo... pero el problema es que me sali&oacute; MUY MALO, aunque creo que en realidad no fue mala suerte m&iacute;a, sino que en general este modelo tiene ENORMES DEFICIENCIAS. Pi&eacute;nselo antes de comprarlo!!!!

I purchased this BB9300EUBK for my fiancee and she seemed to love it. I have not heard of any complains about the product.

Good afternoon, i would like to know which bands 3g blackberry works that sell to see if it works with my operator and buy. thanks

works perfectly, but has no 3g signal!. . . . . . . . . . . . .

el articulo llego muy bien la cuesti&oacute;n estuvo en que duro 1 semana mas de la fecha estimada de entrega este mas pendientes con eso

as everybody nows is a great cellphone, please check the 3G bands before make the purchase, for Venezuelan mobile companies the 3G bands are: 2 movistar and movilnet and 8 for Digitel. you can check this by clicking menu + options + device + about device version. see on 3G bands:- 1,2,5,6 for movistar and movilnet- 1,4,8  for digitelbest regards

Pros:- Great messaging integration, you receive in the same "inbox " messages from emails, SMS, bb messenger, whatsapp, etc.- great integration with social networks like Facebook and Twitter, all your contacts will be updated with photos and massages they publish in the networks- If you sync your info through rim servers then it is very easy to manage your contacts info, mail, calendar, etc- The keyboard is well designed and is much easier to enter information in this phone than using on screen keyboards like iPhone or wp7Cons:- if you like to listen to musi, watch videos or navigate internet, then this phone is not for you. The screen is just too small for multimedia content.- The bb app world is far behind the Apple app store or Microsoft marketplace- not good to play gamesThis phone is great for work and nothing else, for entertainment definitely is not recommended.

This phone is a great acquisition. Is the equipment I needed. Excellent connectivity. New package. I highly recommend. Its features are necessary for the demands of an executive today.

Great phone, but... The description said that works in HSDPA 1900 band, that is not true, so if you intended to use it in 3G band with: AT&T, Bell Mobility, Telcel, Telus, Rogers, Telstra, Telecom NZ, Vodafone AU, NTT DoCoMo , Movistar, Movilnet... ITS NOT GOING TO WORK, only in EDGE or GPRS.. It will work in 3G mode with: T-Mobile, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, WIND Mobile, Mobilicity, Videotron, VTR, Nextel, Optus, Vodafone AU, Vodafone NZ, Orange and Digitel... The description also said: BlackBerry OS 6.0, its imaginary.. It comes with OS 5.0, that's not a big deal I already installed the 6.0 in 30 minutes... They should describe carefuly the 3G thing because there are 2 versions available on Amazon and both are wrong... I bought mine from: UNLOCKED CELLPHONE KINGS...

La peor compra desde Venezuela. Primero se perdi&oacute;, prometieron un torch y lleg&oacute; un 9300 usado, sin accesorios y sin liberar!

"I've been a blackberry fan for years. Great experience with my curve 8330. I decided to go modern and it's been an awful experience to have purshased the Curve 3G. It's been a month since I bought it and have changed it 6 TIMES!!! Six different Curve 3g, and still the same problem. The first week and a half, flawless. All of a sudden the battery starts lasting only 4 to 5 hours with the phone NOT being used, and everything turned off (data, wi-fi, back light, etc.). Unfortunately, I'm stuck with a contract. What happended RIM?"

excellent product as it would cimplio with my expectations as I buy another thanks for buying other s 1 c

sold me a cell phone with zero nopuede be desbloquedo attempt swindler and Depue release tells me that only 75 percent regresael me of my silver Nole arrived with parts purchased hastame suciaque think what a trash bag that amazon has to hurt people like this the worst experience

I bought two of this cellphone (one for me and one for my friend) at December 2010 from a seller in Amazon. The cellphones came inside a box of AT&T;, where it was written that a 2Gb memory card was included. False. No memory was there.The process of unlocking the cellphone was easy.Then, I realized of certain things.The illumination of my keyboard was weaker than my friend's. Additionally, my cellphone gets a weaker signal. In places where he gets medium signal (using the same service provider), I get a "SOS" (zero signal). Sometimes when I'm talking with the phone, the calls cut off abruptly and starts sounding an annoying sound (this has never happened to me with my old cellphones nor has happened to my friend's cellphone).A few weeks after purchasing the cellphones, the trackpad of my friend's cellphone started to fail (it goes "up" by itself). My friend sent the cellphone to repairs (they changed the trackpad), but the problem began again after a few weeks...

Los celulares llegaron a tiempo y en excelentes condiciones.. ya tengo mas de un a&ntilde;o con el y no ha presentado problemas. Los recomiendo.

Acorde a lo que estaba buscando. Es un excelente producto. Todos los extras que vinieron en el catt&oacute;n OK. Todo el tramite se realiz&oacute; normalmente y sin novedad.

el telefono me llego a tiempo exelente todas las funciones . funciona muy bien el wi fi y todas las funciones actualizado en todo exelente vaale la pena comprarlo

excelente vendedor,comunicativo y atento, el equipo geminis 8520 funciuna muy bien en venezuela y esta en muy buenas condiciones nuevo,y con todo sus accesorios...

This is a great Blackberry and i have had it for a few weeks now and just love it! I had the Blackberry Curve 8320 for a few years before this and needed to trade up and this phone just seemed great to me. I'm not a big fan of the touch screen phones and love my quearty keyboard. The only thing that i will say about this that i don't like is that the Camera has no flash on it. aside from that i would recommend this blackberry to all other crackberry addicts!

this item was broken when it arrived. I do not fault seller, as it was new in the box, but it is nevertheless absolutely unacceptable to sell a $300 broken phone.I would not recommend this particular seller, or amazon for the purchase of electronic equipment.

El equipo funciona correctamente, tal y como se informa en las indicaciones y funciones, contiene todos sus accesorios  como se detalla en la publicacion

I have been using this phone for less than a month, and the battery is not working anymore.In the past I've had Blackberries, and this has never happened to me. I believe there is something wrong with the products sold here, because this is not normal!Don't buy this phone!!

Good afternoon, I want to know if the phone has 1900MHz band? I also want to know if it works with the 3G network?

cuando llego a mis pais el telefono no sirvio nunca le funciona la cobertura no agarrba se&ntilde;al de ningun tipo ni 2g ni 3g no fue segun lo descrito ha sido una mala compra el telefono no funciono
