
I like the design and the phone themes, and also it's a easy handling phone. Using as a basic phone, that's a nice choice. Of course, for girls~ haha~

It was a beautiful cell if you are a &#34;hello kitty&#34; fan perfect gift. Make sure it is compatible with cell phone carrier though.

Bought this for my daoughter but it's not working... will try to return it and buy a SAMSUNG GALAXY Y phone...

This phone is not bad.  I was impressed with all the extra's that it came with but My daughter wanted to be able to down load from the app store. so had to return it

It was awesome for the kids to own.  It was cute and pretty.  A great gift for any little girl.

This is a terrible phone, I bought it for my wife as a birthday present and to be honest it would not even fit for my daughter. It looks like a toy and it's very small and for that price. Shame on you samsung.

Works well with t mobile. Not good for web or apps since its only 2g. Only useful for phone calls and text with small hands. Good for simple phone or back up without web.

This Phone is not good , I had a lot of problems with my internet and my I couldn't even receive or send out picture messages.

So, long story short, I got this phone for free. It was a beggars choosers type of situation involving my old associate Walter, and my lawyer Saul. Unfortunately, after a long say and a few fights, I lost it to some stubborn fat bald dude, but that's another story. But for a free phone, you can't do better, b****.

This phone is okay. I got it for my thirteenth birthday a couple months ago. At first I liked it, but it got old REALLY fast. It doesn't have threaded messaging like I would have hoped. The touch screen is fine. Not too sensitive. Camera is okay. Kinda blury :/. The side keyboard is bad. I usually just use the T9 mode when I text. Not many text tones to choose from. About four. One good thing is that you can use recordings as ringtones. Good vibriation for the most part. One thing that pissed me off is that you have to like email T-mobile to actually send and recieve picture messages and the like. It was a HUGE hassle! Good radio and reception. Cute outisde. It is also VERY SMALL. Also, it hasn't froze up yet, but would NOT be surprised if it did. It's good for younger girls that want a cute, touchscreen phone, but for older girls/teenagers/women, it's not a good phone. Maybe try the LG unlocked Xenon cell phone. I'm looking into it.

the phone is great, just wish it was set to recieve pictures and send pictures on the t-mobile network... this is a minor problem, that your service provider can assist with, after there help, the phone was perfect...

I bought this phone as a replacement for my old T-Mobile phone that had a lot of problems. So far, this phone is great! One thing it doesn't say in the description is how small it is, but that doesn't stop me from liking it so much! It's great for everything I need. One thing I would suggest is that if you're going to send mms messages or get on the internet, go here to tmoatt .  com  and follow the instructions. It's easy to do and they give you all the information you need!

I brought this phone used it is a very cute phone but it is very small. If you want a larger and more up to date phone i don't suggest it. If you really dont care about size and apps then it will be perfect

This was a birthday present for my daughter.  She really likes it, however, after 1 weeks use, it automatically shut down and would NOT turn on again.  Too bad it didn't last!

I just got a Samsung s5230 Hello Kitty cell phone and I love it! It's sooo cute! I love that it has a built in FM radio because I don't download songs and now I can hear music! I looked around for weeks trying to find one that wasn't so expensive. Here's the store website if anyone wants to get one: Blujay.com/Lafshops. Who wouldn't want one!? I'm getting my daughter one when I get my next paycheck.[...].Hello Kitty x Samsung S5230 STAR Limited Edition Cellular Phone (Pre-order)

When I visiting my kids in Okinawa Japan I gave this to my daugther and she like it so much,,,

Not worth it waste of time sent it right back the same day. Very small I placed my SD card in n the phone and none of my information showed up

when i first received this phone i fell in love with it. I had the phone for about a month it started messing up. My calls would drop even when I had great service. If I would talk longer than 2 minutes it would sound like there was water in my phone and the phone was nor had been near any water. I contacted the company on this problem. They told to contact Samsung but when i contacted the company again and told them that Samsung couldn't help me they would not reply back to any of my emails. So i had to report them to Amazon and Amazon was able to give me my money back for the phone. I WILL NOT BE ORDERING ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN!!

I just purchased this phone and I love the look.... However, the only thing I cannot do is receive or send picture messages.. but im not complaining too strongly because I did read the reviews before purchasing the phone but on one of the previous reviews someone mentioned that they loved the fact you can insert picture into your messages so i figured maybe there was a way you can send or receive them after all, but I can't:( Overall, I love my phone.. it's loud, it's cute,camera is very clear which is a huge plus, it has the radio and other cool features..Very easy to use. I recommend anyone who does not really use picture message to purchase the Hello Kitty Samsung S5230.. Ok after a couple of I had to come back and tell everyone that I finally figured out how to use the pic msg... Im with T-mobile so i went to google and found "T-Mobile generic MMS settings" and follow the instructions from there... they also have instructions for carriers:)

Although this phone is cute, it has its issues. My biggst one, I cannot send photos nor can I recieve them. It says that the network is not compatable with the phone. I plan to take it to T-Mobile to see if they can put me on the right network. Radio on the phone kills the battery fast, and charger doesn't really fit good into the socket. Have to play with it to keep it plugged so that the phone will charge.

I got this phone to replace my old iPhone. I did not originally think this phone would be as good. I just received it today and I have to say I like even better then my old iPhone. It was easy to switch it to English and set up just the way I wanted it. It was also easy to import my music and pictures from my computer onto the phone using the USB cable and the software included. I also liked that the seller included an adapter for the charger so I can use it in the US (since the charger is a European one). Earphones for listening to music and stuff were included as well which is good since the outlet is different than the standard so I think it would have been hard to find ones that went. It is also light weight and small enough to be easy to fit in a purse or pocket with a screen that is big enough to see everything. Plus it being Hello Kitty really adds to the cute factor. I recommend this phone who wants a cute little phone that is really practical with a lot of cool features for a good price.

Its small so easy to fit in a purse or in your pockets. I can listen to the radio and save my favorite stations. The only things  I would say is a little problem is that you can only receive 300 MB (as pictures goes) nothing over that number wouldn't be able to download. And you also have to re-size picture that you've taken to send to individual. You can't text while in a conversation with someone or surf the net, kinda weird but that's how the phone operate. Oh yeah and you would have to delete text that someone sent along the way since the memory is very little for the phone.

I bought this one for my daughter for Xmas present.  She likes it because it is cute.  I don't.  This reminds me of the Samsung phone I hated with passion (remember that wanna be Iphone from Samsung when Iphone first came out?).  Don't get me wrong, I am using Samsung Galaxy Note for myself and Samsung does make good phones, I think.....but this phone? (note that question mark).  Let's put it this way.....Have I seen the actual phone with my own eyes, touched, and felt it, I would not have bought it--Ah, I relied on the reviews of the others too much (many times it works, this time it didn't).  My verdict is......this phone is just not a good phone.  Only good thing in this phone is battery life in my opinion.  I gave it 3 stars because my daughter likes it (she is 9 yrs old).

Great phone, easy to use and all &#34;girly&#34; requirements meet in terms of colors, logos, etc. Only thing it needs is WiFi

Enjoy the phone and it works well.

Can I get this phone turned on Sprint Network as a replacement phone ?? Im stuck in my contract and the phones on Sprint are very expensive , and I really love this phone !

This is a really cool phone. My step-daughter loves it. As far as the picture messaging goes for T-Mobile you can find their generic settings by Googling "T-Mobile generic MMS settings". On the phone tap Menu/Messages/Settings/Multimedia messages/Profiles/Create/Set name. Call it T-Mobile MMS and then enter the settings. Alternatively you can try to find a nice customer service rep at a "real" store, they'll do it for you. It's not one of their phones so some of their reps might say no (but it is your service plan, so they usually say yes).As far as the startup language goes, the instructions that came with my phone said to insert the SIM card first, prior to doing anything else to have it come up in English instead of German. I noticed that afterwards but knew enough German to find the right setting. If you don't have a year or two to study another language, this is a goog time to try Google translate...

This phone is good for basic talk and text. There's no flash for the camera. I ended up giving it to my mom for mothers day since she likes Hello Kitty and only talks and rarely texts. It has a camera to take decent close up of grandkids as long as the lighting is on. The software(disk) provided kept crasing but the seller was nice enough to provide me link via email. Now I just have to teach my mom how to text.

The phone works perfectly fine, except....Photo messages.It cannot send photo messages. Who knows why.The camera is very blurry and the screen needs to be pressed a bit hard for using it.Adding my wifi account was impossible.Usually it would search the network and find the name then add a password, like normal phones, but no. Not this one.Too much.There is one thing I loved though, the fake call thing where you hold down the lower volume button for a fake call.My messaging after a while started messing up to. I get one text from my friend, and the same message with come at least 10 times over and over again.Some people didn't even get some of my messages. I didn't even get some messages.Calling is fine. Volume is great. The games need improvement. I can't seem to get rid of the Myspace app or download any apps though.

My daughter loves Hello Kitty, and she Loves the phone, was a good price. But I did have to take it to someone to have it set up, for some reason it would not work was kind of locked.

its a cute phone bought it for my daughter birthday  an only after a week use it went into no sim mode contacted customer service they were no help so basically just a waste of money never could get it off no sim mode

I love to have this phone so badly i would like to have it so can show my friends Peace.

very good phone, it works simply for using my little 9 year old, and she escanta its detail hello kitty!

I ended up giving this phone to my niece. its a cheap price for a cheap phone. still not worth all the trouble I will have to go thru fixing the

i bought 2 of this for both of my daughters, it have all the functionality of an smart phone, but for my surprise it don have a wifi capability, is my fault i did not notice this before buying, i did not want to have a data contract attached to these cel, but i will have to do it that way...

From my daughter: hi, i bought this phone 4 about $125 and i think it is gr8!! the only thing is that when i got it, the manual was all in Hungarian and so was the phone language and i didn't know what 2 do:(  so that is pretty much the only thing about it that i didn't like. the games are fun, the ringtones are cool, the camera is good, and i LOVE that u can insert ringtones and videos and pictures on 2 the texts!! u can buy a protective thingy 4 the touchscreen so it doesn't get all scratched up.( i used a hair clip 4 a stylus: BAD IDEA ) so i would say overall, this is a great phone and u should buy it!

How do I change this phone to English??? In came in some language that I have no idea what it is saying!!! I like the phone and would love to keep it but it is useless to me if I can read and think to do anything with it!!!

I have used a Blackberry for years...so getting used to this is kind of hard for me. The phone itself is really cute and the touch screen is easy. I use T-Mobile and had no problem getting my plan switched over from Blackberry to this phone. All I did was insert the sim card and called t-mobile who walked me through setting up the phone's web set up. I am having a hard time with web access though and using MMS. The phone won't allow me to use both, so I manually have to switch between mobile and MMS profiles. There may be a way to do this, but I haven't figured it out yet. The tools on my widget bar also are not working on t-mobile's network. I LOVE the phone. I just don't know how to do everything yet. If any T-Mobile users have suggestions for me, please let me know!!!!

I got this phone for my grandgirl and no contract required... its not activated yet but i wanted to share my thoughts. its not an expensive phone...but its a cute phone and if she losses it or it goes thru the washing machine, it wont be a BIG loss.. now keep in mind its small for small hands. its about 2 " wide and about 4 inches tall ..she will love it and i will be glad she has a phone on her at all times..i dont know if i can buy a screen / and cover for this one or not but will see..we live in the USA and it came in English so no issues there changing it to English. plus she can download her songs on here as well .. i will update after its activiated.. if your looking for a phone that wont bust your wallet no contracts required, has  accress to the NET. MP and  FM radio.. go for it.. Im glad i did,,

Hello Kitty Limited Edition Samsung S5230 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone with 3MP Camera, MP3 Player, FM radio, Touch Screen, Bluetooth, HTML browser and MicroSD Slot--International (Pink)Bought this one a month ago and it works great! If you plan to purchase this phone, you have to have alot of patience. This phone isn't made in the U.S. so you would have to change the language from German to English. I bought this one for AT&T;'s prepaid plan. I have to admit, it was very frustrating because I wasn't able to receive picture messages(MMS). I read reviews and some people were able to receive pictures because they had T-mobile. I honestly was going to switch but I really liked At&T;'s service so i did more research and finally found a way. I give this phone 4 stars because i had to do some research, other than that, i love it.

Just got this Hello Kitty phone and I love it!! It's super easy to use and really cute. When I first got it the settings were in German, but since I actually speak German it wasn't difficult to change to English. For people that don't speak German it shouldn't be much of a problem to switch languages since "Settings" has the same icon on every single phone I have ever owned.I would recommend this phone to everyone!

It has all you want in a phone but the menus are sometimes hard. Does not have a good keyboard to write down the names of your contact. But it does want it supposed to do... make calls. I recommend the Android version if only it comes with the latest version.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE unless you are buying it for a little girl, it's cute but really small so it's not what i thought it was, my sister got really mad at me for getting it. She hated it. It doesn't send pic messages & you can't talk & text, every time you get a text message from someone you have to hang up in order to check your text message.  battery life is good but still not a good phone to have for a grown person, plus the phone was in German so it took a few days to find a friend who spoke German or knew a little bit of German to unlock it. -__-

I have had this phone for a month now and overall am very pleased with it. I do wish that I had been able to read the instruction manuel-was unable to due to the fact that it was not written in English, however, have been able to figure out most of the features. The call quality is fine and I was able to send and receive txts right away. I am not able to send or receive pic txts or send pics to my email, but I hope that my provider will be able to help me with this problem when I take it in. The battery does not seem to last as long as my last phone (a motorola), but I am enjoying the touch screen and am pleased with the camera quality. I did run into a problem a couple days after I got this phone-I was getting an "insert sim" message even though I had a sim card in, but figured out that this was due to the fact that the back was on a little loosely and my sim card had slipped out of position. Once I fixed this I didn't have any more problems. The company I purchased from was very quick to respond when I tried to contact them-called AND emailed me the following business day but by then I had figured out and resolved the prob. I am very satisfied with this phone and would def purchase again. And it's so darn cute-I like the size, color, and design.

Decent phone depending on who you get it for. Cant send pic messages and internets slow but for just a calling txting phone its cute.

I just got this phone yesterday. I was at first worried about how it would be because I read the reviews before ordering it but it was TOOO CUTE to pass up. Yes, I did have to take it to a sales rep store (TMOBILE) for it to work on my carrier. And it is awesome. It's not a Android but it does have email radio mp3 and too be honest all I used on Android was Pandora..The pictures are clear..and OMGOSH..for the LaDiEs who wear nails(like me)//YOU will LOVE the fact that the touchscreen is able to be used with those nails on..the TIPS!!!! Whoever made this phone design. Thank you!!!! It fits my personailty, it just fits ME fabulous-LY!!!

on time. the right product and good condition. i checked the three phones and they are working. unfortunately i don't have sim card to try calling. good business with you. thanksEyad

I bought this phone under the impression that it was a newer phone with smart capabilities. It is not. This phone is a waste of money. I mean it is cute, but just buy a cover case for another phone. This phone cost me $100, and did nothing different than my $20 phone. Well, except have a picture of hello kitty on it. I had it 4 months before I got fed up and actually upgraded paying another $100, but getting a new windows lumia 521(awesome!). This hello kitty phone now belongs to my 2 year old daughter.

im planning on buying this phone and I have T-mobile so i was wondering if this phone will be able to work with t-mobile. ANything will be helpfull

Great phone, but way outdated. Most carriers will not support the GMS network after 2017. Useless for web browsing and no querty keypad.Better to get a reg. iphone and get Hello Kitty snap-case and download wallpapers and themes.

I gave this phone a three star rating because the phone is super small......perfect for an elementary school child with small hands!  I think that Samsung could had made this phone a whole lot bigger than they made it!  I do not know who they were marketing this phone to,  but the size does not work well for an adult or a teenager for that matter!  I recommend this phone, but only to elementary school students only!

When I first got the phone I was really frustrated, it came up with a stupid error saying that service was unavailable, not only that but it was in Hungarian. I went to my service provider and they fixed everything! It has been a really fun phone, I love the radio and mp3 player. I highly suggest buying a stylus, it makes it much easier to use! Also plan on buying memory-you can't use the mp3 player or the computer software without it. Memory can be bought pretty cheap here in amazon. Overall I love it, I get compliments on it all of the time and because it wasn't released here in America, it is very unique!

Product was received quickly & packaged well.  Phone works great, came in English and has been a breeze to set up.  Phone is very unique in design and definitely has that "cute" appeal!  I was hesitant at first, but I am so glad I bought this product.  Thank you!

Bought this phone for my 16 year old and she hates it. Initially very excited but soon realized it does not always ring, suddenly she will have 3 or 4 missed calls or messages but the phone never rang, texts sometimes do not come through until the next day and it does not allow attachments -neither to send or receive i.e. pictures or images of any kind. I would not recommend to anyone.

it is not the same as it shown in the sebsite. it is black and no hello ketty picture. it is only wast of time and money

I had this phone for about a year, but unfortunately it was stolen...twice. The  great thing is that it's really unique. No one in my school had it which was why I was able to quickly get it back the first time. I wasn't able to retrieve it the second time. :( Anyways while I had this phone, I loved it!!!! The wallpapers are super cute and I loved turning it on and off because of the Hello Kitty that would wave! It's a really good phone, I never had any problems with it and the sound was pretty good. I really want to get a new one but I think I might hold out for the black hello kitty one that samsung has.. I just haven't found it anywhere yet. But if you really want a great phone that's cute and lasts long, this is it! (:

I just like it for the radio.  If they Behold had radio i would go back to that in a heart beat.  But seeing as all i use it for is texting and phone calls I guess I can't say much about it.  It is slow to respond.  Doesn't take pictures and videos as well as the behold.  I did have trouble hooking it up to the provider so I could text images but a quick call to customer service fixed that.  From what I've gotten out of it... I wouldn't recommend it. Go with the behold.

Go this phone for my girlfriend and she loves it(: It put the biggest smile one her face(: I am having some problems with it though. We recently went trough At&t. The calling and texting works fine. But having problems getting the Internet and Picture Messaging figured out. If anyone can help me out. With a site or like basic help let me know. I seen that a few people finally figured it out. I want to know if anyone can help me solve that small problem. Other than that. It's an amazing, cute phone. Anybody will love it. Not to many people have it either.

Love this phone. so easy to use for people who are not so techy like me. I love playing with it.

It is a spectacular phone I bought for my daughter for 10 years and she is thrilled with its easy handling, my order arrived on time and well I have nothing to complain

Cute phone, very small. Better for a little girl or pre teen. Has good phone features and able to do the basics I just inserted the SIM card from my old phone into this phone and connection was automatic

I purchased this phone which was suppose to be unlock and compatible with att. I purchased a straight talk sim and put it into this phone, downloaded the pc software but not able to pick up wifi connections. After spending long hours on blogs on web researching for HELP by service provider numerous times( STraight talk)who referred me to Att.t since sim card is on their Network who then said I need another type of sim for this phone then finally found a phone number calling samsung tech support who could not locate IMEI for this phone  who than sent be back to Amazon who said the seller is uk and they do not provide any Tech support for this sale because seller is not in U.S but UK (Global Mobile). DO NOT..I SAY DO NOT PURCHASE A mobile phone from this seller unless you are in UK and can get technical support. Believe ME, you won't find any tech support for this seller in US. I will be sending the S5230 back for refund. It's very unfortunate!! Should not be allowed to sell prod if no techn support is available here in usa. I am returning it because Network or browser settings must be incompatible or locked .PIN1 on this phone will not unlock. The phone touch key pad is small;incoming calls are on auto lock and you have to use the side keys to unlock each time a call come in but it appears to have all the tricks..very cute and alot of great nuances. I will purchase another Unlock phone which hopefully has warranty under Amazon.

this phone damaged two sim cards. the phone locked itself evertime we tried to down load apps. We ended up returing the phone. but seller refused to refund because the phone locked on him and he thinks that is our problem not his. I am starting a dispute with amazon.

put a net 10 sim card n for sum reason it says enter sim password don't know how can I go about that

This Hello Kitty Phone is great... This was my firsttime using an Unlocked Cell Phone. My husband purchasedthe phone as a gift for me, I highly recommend it! Howeverthe only slight draw back is that the phone is Internationaland does not come with instructions on how to changeLanguage Format; You will need to go to YouTube or Google to learnhow to change phone to English Format... Also the phonecarries a SIM CARD slot therefore you will need to have servicewith a cell carrier that support phones with sim cards if yourcarrier doesnt support it.(Metro Pcs) does not support unlockedphones that need Sim Cards... AT&T;,T-MOBILE, & SIMPLEMOBILE.COMwill give you the location in your city where their servicecan be located, I went with Simplemobile but do your researchon cell carriers to see who support Sim Card phones... I was readyto return phone until I was able use it in English... I love it!

since i got two phones i cannot say &#34; i love it&#34; cause one of the phones has a problem with the &#34;phonebook&#34; setting... my daughter switch sim cards and every time she does that, the phone cannot read the phonebook anymore.. it says &#34;initializing&#34; then stops... but still doesn't show the phonebook.  we tried to reset it but to no avail.the other phone, i gave it to my cousin who also adores hello kitty. so far i haven't received any comment yet about the unit not functioning well.

I have had many phones...maybe 10 per year. I have always just wanted a really cute phone that is girly...this phone was released my Samsung for $250....for some reason they re-launched the phone under Anycall, which is Samsung is another country...it comes with a case and different packaging but is $500.I have had really good luck with the phone. A few quirks need to be worked out and you need to call your cell provider to get  it set up for messaging, web. I don't use the internet on my phone..I use the camera, which is good...text and call..both are great...It also has a feature where you hold down the down volume button and your phone will ring..you set up when..10 sec, 1 min...and you can even add voice...it's called fake call...pretty cool when someone is talking my ear off and I am thinking of how to get out of the conversation....The music player is awesome. I loaded all my tunes on a memory card and it has great sound. Samsung has a different plug in..but you can get an adapter on Amazon for a few bucks so you can use MP3 speakers or headphones. I put it on speaker phone when I take a shower and it is loud and clear. I used the music player one day for 6 hours straight and used one bar of battery life. I haven't had the battery die on me quickly..It has lots of Hello Kitty wallpapers and it is adorable in person..Purchased an invisible protection for it...like a screen protector but covers the front back and sides...or you will want one or a clear snap on cover.  You want to be able to see the Hello Kitty design on the back. If you buy it in plain colors it is much less money....I got mine at wireless experts with no problems and paid $236 plus shipping. Please note..I believe a phone is a phone..I have had the T Mobile Tap(lags) Behold(crap camera)Blackberry Bold and Pearl(don't like the keys) T Mobile slider wifi in white mint..can't remember the name of it..too bulky..Nokia 7510 Super Nova, too heavy and others.....but I want to be able to listen to music, text and talk and this phone does all of that and it's cute. If you have large fingers you may have a problem because it is small and light..internet features I really cannot comment on since i don't use the internet..So overall I would give this a 9.5/10

It's a cute little phone that works and operates how it should. All the features are in line with a phone for that price and specification. I love the colour and the uniqueness of it Xxx

I love it! Cute, unique & very easy to use. Great sound and easy to send free ringtones from PC via bluetooth.  I was disappointed to find out it doesn't have voice dialing.  I just assumed that was available on all wireless phones now.  Also wish it had wifi, but I probably wouldn't do much more than experiment. I just switched from overpriced Verizon account I've had for many years, to T-mobile monthly with unlimited data, so the wifi is no big deal.  Besides the fact that I love cats, including Hello Kitty and pink is my favorite color, I think it's great to have an unlocked phone.  This is first time a phone I paid for feels like it actually belongs to me and none of it's capabilities are blocked.  Much better to buy a phone with a few less features, but all features work, than to pay a lot of $$$ for all the bells & whistles only to get it home and find all the features you bought it for were disabled.

I was so excited when I purchased this phone then when I got it everything changed the touch screen barely works the phone pauses can't get to my keypad half the time I feel like I wastedMoney just got this phone not even a month ago I'm very upset about this phone

okay i want to buy this phone cause i love hello kitty but, what service is it for because i am still young and dont get alot of money. it never said what phone services this was for.? so can i put it on any service..?

love my new phone - it came already set up in english, and it was very easy to set up the internet/picture messages using the instructions on the seller's website. it even came with an adapter since the charger is european. very cute phone, thanks!

This Hello Kitty special edition of the Samsung star is just amazing! from the great call quality to the screen resolution, I highly recomend this phone.  I recieved the phone within the alloted time period, and when I started her up...surprise! The start-up info was in German! No problem, Thanks to the wonders of Google, I found exact translation instructions on a blogging website. I do not utilize the internet portion of the phone, as I am a prepaid utilizer and will not waste my hard earned money on cellphone phooey! I use my IPOD touch for that. anyways, It is well packaged and comes with a Euro-style plug with US adaptation, which is aewsome. It is a bit smaller that it appears to be online, which was a good thing, as I slip it into a pocket and don't have to worry about a big bulky thing disturbing my sitting position!! So, If you are procrastinating, just stop right there, get this phone! You'll be glad you did!

Excelent gadget, my daughter is so excited with this, is very smart phone, i like it, was made by engineer and designer I think so.

Very disappointed with this phone.  Looks and feels like a DEMO with basic function.  My personal opinion this phone doesn&#8217;t worth more than 20 bucks. Totally a rip-off!!!

This cell does everything except send or receive pictures. Done buy for teenager. It cut for young child or someone who just wants to use the talk feature.

First off is this a smart phone and will it work with at&t;? Ive read in other reviews that the phone comes in a different language and you have to use google translator, is that a pain to do?Thanks so much

I just received the phone. It is on time as the seller mentioned on the phone. I was almost cancel bought it coz when i ordered it, it was on the new year holiday, so the store might be close, and they responded my email the next day. I needed it in urgent coz am gonna leave country soon.The phone is in Germany version but it is easy to change it into English by Google Translate, even just by seeing the menu, we know easily how to change it.

I have a friend who is really into Hello Kitty and I thought that she would just love this phone. She had her phone stolen about 2 weeks ago and she said if I found a phone that was of good quality and cheap, to get it for her. I found this Samsung hello Kitty phone and thought of her. I sent it to her as a present and she was so happy. If you know of anyone that likes Hello Kitty, this is a great phone to get them.

The phone was a bit of a disappointment, too small, user interface not intuitive, non standard earphones plug, fonts were much to big for display size.

I would have gave it 5 stars, but I cannot get it to work with AT&T and the cd-rom it comes with doesnt even work. It keeps failing to load and then tries to reload after I removed the cd. I have a HP S5000 series and its only a few months old. I did make most of the phone work and it is exactly like my old Solctice. It actually is a Solctice but for girls. My wife love it and didnt want to return it. Oh well its time for an Iphone. Thanks anyways for the product.

Very sad indeed, if you could see my eyes, you would see the sadness. My wonderful girlfriend Loves the H. Kitty stuff, soooo...We bought this and it sucked.

we received the package quickly and had no trouble setting everything up. the phone works well and looks exactly like we expected it to look. this is a great product to buy.

If you're look for a simple phone w/ a couple of a fun features this is just the phone for you. It gets an A+ for cuteness for sure.Some of the navigation screens are a lil bothersome...I had a Samsung eternity previously. This is quite similar, however this phonefor example...the call log will also list text messages in it as well. So little things like that are a bit odd. Or having to confirm the speakerphone.I am pretty happy w/ it thus far. I've only had it a day. I am an AT&T; user. It does work on the network but I had to do the legwork myself,of finding and setting up the MMS profile and the browser profile., b/c they were unable to help me. But now it works perfectly fine. Internetas well as picture messaging. I hope my review helps others in making their selection in choosing a phone easier. Good luck!

Its very slow on the internet, I dont understand why it so tiny how come is not detailed on the product profile, very awful and super small to view the internet. Dont buy it just because its Hello Kitty limited edition buy it because its so convinient to use now that we must use internet access its a must. But with this type of cell phone I dont strongly recommended ....listen to me my friends Its not a good phone is just the cutie face of the cell phone that calls the attention nothing else....

It wasnt what i expected to small but over all it was really cute it is a little to expendivr for the phone but i fo recommend for a little girl

I love it!!! cute fun!! at first i couldnt receive or send picture messages but i called my provider (tmobile) and they set up the MMS (multimedia messaging service)and got that fixed... bad side i cant send my videos for some reason but i hardly use that funtion i can keep the videos in my phone i love it....

I bought this phone and got surprised with hungarian language when I switched phone ON for a first time - needed google translate in order to make phone working and switch to english. then phone was randomly rebooting - brought it to local service to update firmware and then finnaly phone started to work fine.In overal - phone itself is completely OK and working just like expected according to specifications, and most important - my kid is really happy with it,but startup problems spoiled my experience with phone a lot.

I was a little hesistant ordering this phone based on the reviews that it comes in another language.  However, when I got the phone and set it up, it was already in English.  I decided on using T-Mobile for the phone service.  You do have to figure out how to set up the internet.  It took me 2 days to find the right website to program for the internet, and now it works perfectly.  Check out:  [....].  The only thing I'm dissapointed in is that it doesn't seem to have any wi-fi.  Otherwise, it's a great phone full of a lot of features.  I hope this helps!

nothing extra though, it is just a regular phone. Not so great for on the go web, cuz the touch is not so active.  It keeps automatically disconnecting from the Bluetooth headpiece which is annoying.  It is good on battery. You can get it for a regular person who is not into all that technology stuff.

I love this phone I read all the reviews and agree it is a cute girls phone. It came with the adapter and was in English. I am learning more about it every day. If you hold it sideways then it becomes a complete keyboard makes it soooooo much easier also a stylis pen with a rubber tip makes it easy as well. If you want a one of a kind that not everyone has like I did then get this phone you will not be disappointed.
