
I bought this phone as a step in porting my land line phone to Google Voice. (For some reason Google can only port cell phone numbers.) So first I port my home phone to this cell phone and then to Google. Details of this process are all over the web so I won't repeat them here. I didn't intend to really use it for calls which is a good thing because the phone is really cheap.This phone is almost unusable for voice calling. Don't get the idea that this is a good choice for anything but a backup to your backup phone used only if you were stranded on a desert island. I suppose it could be used by kids who mostly text since that part of the phone is pretty standard.Setup was simple following the instructions in the box. It did take at least 10 minutes to activate. it turns out to be only $0.10/min and $0.20/text. Probably heavy text users would go for one of the /day or /month plans. They seem to charge for everything but calling 611. For example, it looks like even if the phone is forwarded they charge for the call time.

This is a very basic phone, which is what I needed for my daughter going to camp.  The "Product Description" says it includes $15 of airtime.  When I didn't see the $15 in my account after activation I called AT&T;, who said this phone does not include any airtime.  I then called Amazon who confirmed the $15 airtime claim, but the Amazon rep told me I had to contact Samsung.  Unfortunately, the number she gave me was for directory assistance.....I had to call India (I mean Amazon) back.  Samsung said I had to deal with either Amazon or AT&T.;I have since sent an inquiry to Amazon via email and will update this review.Sounds like someone is lying on the Amazon website.Update.....I just talked with Amazon who said they will give me $15 credit for future Amazon purchases, and will update the product description.  When I asked why the 1st rep didn't offer the same solution, which would've saved me an hour of calling (and being on hold), he basically said that that was Amazon's policy and wanted the customer to exhaust all avenues.  So, it's better to let customers do all of the legwork for an Amazon mistake and hope they are so frustrated that they simply give-up.  Doesn't sound like good customer service to me.

I bought this as a temporary replacement for a much more expensive phone which died well before its time. Sad to say, this little phone has better call quality than the one it replaced. If you're looking for a calls-only, absolutely no-bells-and-whistles phone just for emergencies, you can wind up spending a lot more money for far worse phones than this one. It'll also fit into the watch pocket of your jeans, which for me was actually important.The one downside is that if you want to put a game on a phone to pass time on the bus or subway, you need to pick a different device. I went to the AT&T; site, found exactly three games I was told were compatible for this device, bought one, and then found out that it wasn't compatible at all - leading me to spend far more time with AT&T; customer service recovering the cost of the game than the time was worth. I let a more knowledgeable friend of mine mess around with the phone only to learn that there is apparently no game or app which this phone can host. As such, I repeat my earlier use of the phrase "NO bells and whistles" - you can't even BUY any for this device. Calls and texts, that's about all you can hope for (the phone does feature predictive texting).Features I really liked were that the phone has Spanish AND French language settings (I far too often see only Spanish offered as an alternative to English) and the fact that one of the default ringtones is the "classic ring" - which means that when it rings, it sounds like a real telephone instead of a high-tech torture device. This is a tremendous plus, because almost all of the other default tones are intolerable.One other thing: you can put pictures on the phone (note: it has no camera of its own) to use as wallpaper if you know how, but the screen quality is so low that if you're using a picture of Michelle Pfeiffer it may well come out looking like Joan Rivers. So not only can you not put a game on it, but it isn't even worth the trouble to try to personalize the phone at all.I give it three and a half stars, which I've rounded up to four, because it delivers a lot for pretty much the lowest price you can pay for a new cell phone these days. I'd have given it four and a half rounded up to five if I could have put so much as one lousy game on it.

I have this phone and the voice quality is too bad and it hardly works with AT & T, i have not tired it with other carriers but have given up on this phone as i have a At & T connection, looking to buy a good non smart phone preferably Nokia...this is the worst phone i ever had even my phone first was not this bad. A big NO NO from my side

I purchased this phone and it is really limited.  The quick keys and navigation to get to your text area or your messaging center are cumbersome.  You may be thinking, 'but it's an inexpensive phone?  What do you want?"  Well, I'm glad you asked.  The main (and most frustrating) aspect of this phone is that if you do not hold the mouth piece directly in front of your mouth, the other person listening on the other end will not be able to hear you.  Even if I hold the end of the phone near my chin, there's massive fade out.  So, if you get this phone, you'd better be mechanical in how you hold it.  Really disappointing since I am usually a Samsung fan.

Simple, small flip phone.  Has internet capability, texting, querty key pad.  Mom only used it for phone and loved it.

Bought this for my mom as a substitute phone for a few weeks, and I'm glad that's how long we needed it for, since the phone was pretty much done for after three weeks.

I wanted a basic phone for my mom with calling only. So I don't mind this phone missing some features like camera, outer display etc... And specially price is very cheap.

I broke rugby phone...which was AT&T contract phone.....I love this phone for the price...it ring loud ...you  can hear the persons very Loud on conversation ....took the SIM card our of the rugby. Works well with the contract SIM card in it.

Bought as a back up phone for my husband because he is a phone killer. Great buy, excellent price. Phone doesn't do much but makes calls and texts just fine!

This phone is a dinosaur.  Technology has made it obsolete.  There is nothing you can really do on this phone, especially with respect to the internet that is interesting.  As far as the craftsmanship goes, that is the reason for giving this phone 3 stars only, as one should totally forget about using this phone for the internet because it lacks the computing technology.Below is my old review:I Can't Speak More Highly of This Phone.  I have tried more expensive phones, but this one is just right because I like a simple cell phone with internet capabilities.  I love its almost only text browsing.  That is, you will be able to view some pictures in color, but not with a great deal of clarity.I use my SGH-a107 for text email, text news (like NPR or CNN), and as an emergency phone.  Usually, I spend about $25 on it every month, but if there is a $15 card, I can get away with spending that much.  A 100MB package should do it for the first month, and then with rollover, you can buy less expensive internet packages.  It is almost impossible to use up 100MB on this phone, and I use my internet daily for hours on end.Sometimes my hands are shaky, and that makes typing on one of those mini-keypads on the more expensive phones nearly impossible for me.  Not only that, this phone fits in my hands well.  That is, when I use other phones for hours on end, my thumbs hurt.  However, with this phone, there is no pain.  Once you get used to its typing features, typing a message on it is a snap!  Thanks Samsung and AT&T;!  I have had this phone now for a few years and still love it!

very small and light. much smaller and lighter than i had expected. bought it for my daughters 13th birthday. so far works really well and she is getting really good at texting

I can review only the hardware, because I placed my AT&T; SIM card into the phone.But I can tell you that the phone is awful, becoming unusable within two months of purchase. The phone will still connect, but all outgoing calls carry no voice. This means that my outgoing calls connect, but I am unable to hear the other person and they cannot hear me.Nor is this an isolated incident. A close friend had the same phone, and it broke in the same way, although it broke after four months -- compared to my two months.In short, look elsewhere for a reliable phone. This one is not worth your money.

Have had this phone now for almost 15 months.  Using it on PureTalk network.  So far it has worked throughout all central states and two west coast states without any problems.  Retains charge for over a week.  Calls using the PureTalk network are clear and easy to hear.  I am using this only as a phone....not for any other uses.  I use my ipad3 or itouch5 for internet use etc.... Just ordered another one for my wife since her 'full function' phone just will not hold a charge and since we have these cell phones to actually just make phone calls this samsung a107 works just fine.POSTSCRIPT:  Since so many folks are having problems with this phone......and I have had none with my 15 month old phone.... I will update this review IF I see any difference in the quality from my old phone to the new one that arrives next tuesday.UPDATE:  Just received the phone one day early.  It looks identical to the one I have that has been working flawlessly for the last 15 months.  I took the puretalk sim card out of my wife's old phone and bam it works!  If you are like me and have access to WIFI almost everywhere I go you can use this phone for  what a phone is for.  calling people.  If I want to stream HBO GO, Netflix, access itunes cloud etc.....I can wait the 15 minutes it takes me to be back into a WIFI free connection zone.  Which is just about everywhere you go.Please note I purchased this from Amazon not a 3rd party.

I picked this phone up as a temporary replacement for my other phone that broke. I am impressed that the reception is as good as it is for a $10 dollar phone. If it lasts me six months I'll be happy.

This is the fourth one of these that we have had in the family over the last 5 years and each of us have enjoyed using them.  Hold up very well and are easy to use all the functions.  The owners manual does a good job of explaining things.

First, I never got to use them because I only received one and, it wasn't new, as advertised, and it didn't come with everything needed to activate. So, I really can't give a high rating or any rating really. I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.

I paid only $2.99 when it was on sale.  The ring tone sound is not loud at all.  It is only a basic cell phone for anyone who only needs to make phone call on a as needed basis.  Forget texting or web surfing.  This phone is definitely for phone calls only.  I was going to give it to my kid as a backup phone.  I hated this phone so much I use it as an alarm clock.  I am giving this phone two stars because it allows the users to set up six alarms.

the phone was what I wanted all but the writng on the screen about texting is still on there, so I 'm giong to have to take it to the A&T store to get it remove or than that I love my phone.

the phone cut off all the time it is terrible I would not recomend it to any person that needs a phone.

i love my phone and everything from amazon.com they are so good and very good price some time i think they are to good to be thru so thank you

Just got this phone for when my mom-in-law is visiting from Taiwan.Looks like a good basic phone.  Voice quality during test calls in our house was decent.My main issue is with the included $15 Airtime Credit.  There was no Pay As You Go card included, after activation I could not make any calls, and AT&T;'s web site claimed "Need Initial Refill," so I "refilled" my phone account via credit card with $15.  About *two hours* after activation, I received an SMS that the original $15 Airtime Credit was added to my account.  Had I known, I would not have "refilled" my account.

The item arrived in a broken box, with a label taped to the item labeled "defective item" and handwritten "won't work". It is obviously a used and broken item. I opened the package to wrap the item for my sweetie on Christmas Eve, and now I have no Christmas present for him.

You get a star, Samsung, for having a SIM card slot in a prepaid phone.You get a star for having a 'random-background' feature, even though you can't set downloaded/texted images to be random.You lose a star for having a completely unconfigurable menu.You lose a star for having two unconfigurable face-buttons which default to online services.You lose a star for having extensive battery problems not 6 months into my owning of this phone.It's true. Merely shutting the clam-shell apparently jars the battery contacts out of place 3 times out of 4. If you plan on owning this phone for more than 6 months, be prepared to turn your phone on again every time you open it up.

Although I did purchase this product for talk/text only, it did not fair well when keeping a signal indoors. The device seemed to be spot sensitive so I'd have to be outdoors or near a window to make or receive calls.

This was a good sale.  Phone works great.  Delivery was immediate and the price was right.  If you just need a cell phone for emergency like I do, you can't go wrong with this one.

My phone on our family plan got stolen and I did not want to spend a lot of money on a temporary replacement phone. So I go this prepaid phone, went to ATT and they made me a new sim card for free and I popped it in this phone. Eventually my stolen phone was recovered so I just took the sim out and put it in the recovered phone. More recently I washed my good phone in the laundry, but the sim still worked so I just popped it back in this handy spare. It is a simple phone with no fancy features. There is no camera, but you can get online and check email. I've also dropped it several times and it hasn't broke yet, so I say it is worth it especially for a clumsy person or a kid or if you just need a spare.

It appears the later manufactured models of this phone have a manufacturers defect in that calls come in but you cannot hear the person when you answer and it's the same when placing a call. It works sometimes but not all the time. I had two of these phones beginning in 2010 and then in 2011, both lasted about 8 months each. I have this year, 2012, just bought two more which both do not work from the get go. I bought them on ebay and wasted my money. The only reason i bought this phone was to be able to add calls and text from certain people onto reject list, a nice feature this phone has and other phones should have it too!!!

If you just want a basic phone for talking and you don't expect to talk for more than 80 minutes per month, this is the perfect phone for you.  It is compact and simple to use.  AT&T's GoPhone option of paying $100 for 1,000 minutes once a year cannot currently be beat.

this small cellphone meet basic communication needs.there is some shortages in this design,as too small screen,no ringtone choise,but for the price i paid,it is not bad.

I thought I was getting some minutes with this prepaid phone. Not so. I inserted the SIM card, charged the battery, and chose a plan according to the instructions, but it would not receive SMS (text) messages. I called customer service, who told me that my account was empty and that I had to purchase minutes either right there with my credit card, or go to an ATT store. I went to the ATT store where they told me that I could have bought the exact same Samsung phone there, same deal, same choice of calling plans, for TEN BUCKS!  So I paid over THREE TIMES too much buying it here! Thanks, Amazon!

I like the cellphone but it takes a very long time to charge. I'll say it's just for emergency. Its a good phone.

This is NOT a prepaid Go Phone as Described. It has no airtime on the SIM card. The ATT options to put money on the phone are ridiculous. The least you can do is put $10/month on the phone, which is what I pay for unlimited calls on our family plan now. Find a REAL go phone with minutes loaded on it; this is a rip off and insults my intelligence.

Pros:I've been using this phone for a year. It does everything I essentially need to do on a phone: take calls, save contacts, receive texts.  Go phone service with AT&T; is great and cheap with this phone.Cons:1. I don't think AT&T; bundles this phone anymore with the service so be careful when purchasing it.2. Very weak vibrate.  I'm a student so I always keep my phone on vibrate (in fear that my phone will go off during lecture). This is annoying: when I'm walking, I cannot feel this phone vibrate in a my pocket.3. I know its this phone because others with AT&T; service get reception when I don't in Boston.  Sometimes even if I'm standing outside I cannot get good reception.

I purchased this phone since AT&T; is the only provider that covers where I recently relocated to.If you like to spend hours on end destroying your eyes watching youtube or obsessing over your friends on facebook, this isn't the phone for you.Its a phone that is alas...just a phone.  Having owned, broken, and lost numerous smartphones, I told myself that all I needed was a phone that I could toss in my messenger bag and not want to kill myself if I lost it. Not a small portable computer, and a phone that wasnt big enough to act like a blinder on a horse when talking on it.  This fit those requirements to a T.Don't get me wrong, I am not an old guy that resists change and innately hates technology, I am 27 years old.  For going online, watching stupid videos, or doing other computer related stuff...I kinda like to use a computer.This phone turns on, turns off, calls people, receives calls, and on the rare occasion that texting seems more convenient than calling, it does that too!So its a phone that works as a phone should work, and for $17 if I lose it ill just get another..

This item was not what it seem to be and I was very disappointed with the item.I didnt even get an earpiece

Poor coverage.  Lapse in use and they reassign your number resulting in the need to buy a new phone.  Customer Service was horrible, no interest in any level of resolution.

at&te; lost is totally off my list forever. The pre-pay money you fork over in advance will be lost if you do not re-new and that usually means they want more money each period. I lost over $125 to the scum because we do not use the phone except for emergencies. at&t; was real happy to tell me to fork over more money even though I had only used 5 minutes of time in a year. I told them to go suck an egg and I will go to great lenght to avoid anything to help at&t.;I replaced their service with a service that does not rip off your unused minutes. So, folks, if you want my advice avoid them and save some money and headaches

I've been using this phone for a month now.  The phone calls are clear and it is easy to use. The ATT service has been fine too. The best part is the price! I definitely recommend this phone.

I'm a at&t customer in a contract and have 6 months to go. I dropped my phone and it broke a bit so I decided to get this phone for $11.15 at radio shack. I just inserted my phone's sims card. There's nothing extraordinary about the phone just very basic either way I just need it for texting. If you still have a year to go on your contract(no insurance)I suggest you invest at least $50 to get a better gophone.

I got this phone as a quick replacement phone because my original phone broke. It is really light, with thin plastic, and feels like one of those candy phones you get a kid at the store. It doesn't have anything fancy on it, which is ok for me. The one really cool thing about this phone is I got it on a Thursday, and I didn't have to charge it until the following Monday morning. If you need a quick cheap replacement phone, this one is alright, especially for the price.

Nice phone

If you are looking for a small AT&T phone then look no further. The voice, sound and reception are good, in fact comparable to more expensive phones. The price is also good. Only down side is if you are looking for advanced functionality. If that is the case this phone is not for you.

I purchased this phone in late July 2011 after my razor stopped working (had the razor 3 years). Earlier this month (November 2011) the outside light stopped working so I could no longer see the clock. This weekend (November 13) the inside light went out so that I can no longer see the numbers when I dial.From late July to Early November I've had this phone about 3 months and a week or so; I'm very unhappy and would not recommend it to anyone.

Thsi phone is great! My contract phone started having problems with charging and I cannot get a new phone for 9 months. This one fits the bill, I just slipped in the sim card and it is ready to go. Pleanty of features for a phone of this price!

The phone/service works well in New York, but in some parts there was no signal. Boston is great and niagara falls worked great. Sound is low so could not hear other person very well but the battery lasts a long time 8+ hours with constant 20 minute calls.

If you need a replacement for a contract phone, you can spend an extra month's service and get a full feature gophone.  As an infrequent spare/second line, the expiring minutes make it very unappealing.

Don't buy this phone, can't hear the person that you are calling! NOT worth the money.  Spend extra and get a better quality phone.

This is my 2nd one of this type and we love it for just it's simplicity when you just need a phone and not all the smartphone options.Love it!

These are $10 +$2 S&H; at Walmart's online store, $3 more in-store.The only way I found to import my contacts was by copying them onto my SIM card from an old phone.  No  software available from Samsung, no iSync support - even from third parties, nothing from Google or Yahoo.  (Please add a comment if you come across anything@)TIP: If you don't want to get charged for Internet usage ever, call up AT&T;, get a Customer Service Agent and tell them you want to block all data/Internet access.  They'll warn you that this will also disable MMS (Picture/sound/video messaging) but since you can't send such messages anyway, this is probably not a big deal.  **Now I don't have to worry about being charged every time I press the wrong button and it starts.**  I use my Verizon MiFi with my MacBook Pro, iPod or iPad for mobile 'net access.Service:I recommend the $2/day plan.  You can use this as a backup phone - make most of your calls from anywhere over the Internet (via wireless hotspot and iPod touch, smartphone with WiFi - e.g. most Android, iOS or Symbian phones.)  It's best to use with Google Voice ; my GV # is my main phone # that I give out.  If the 'net connection isn't on, this lets me know if anyone calls, or texts, and then I can take the call on this phone or on another device.  Texting from an iPad is a GREAT experience compared to any cellphone.Cell Phone:The phone very cheap and yet it is quite sturdy.  It's about the simplest phone you can buy. This phone just lets you make calls and send/receive text messages, plus a few tools like alarms and calculators. No headset jack, volume controls, camera, crash-prone operating system,  No time-sucking learning curve.Final Word:I generally don't use more than $25 per 3 months.  Plus, you can buy $25 cards at a discount if you shop around. The phone serves my needs and I am very satisfied with it.  But, smartphones are getting cheaper and cheaper...

I purchased this phone as a stop-gap since my old phone broke after four years and I wasn't due for an upgrade with my service for eight months.It's not exactly fair to pick on a $9.99 phone but since all I expected were basic functions and this one failed to deliver, I thought I had to comment. Most importantly, the phone I purchased started to shut off by itself after a few months causing me to miss incoming calls and texts. Then, even when it was on, texts sent to me in the morning would show up late in the day, as would voice mail messages and missed call indicators.I ended up replacing the phone and all of these problems disappeared so I can't seem to fault my network provider. Again, $9.99 is not a lot to pay for a phone, but making and receiving calls when I wish is not a lot to expect from a cellular device at any price. You'll save money with this phone but you'd be better off saving yourself a lot of aggravation by purchasing a different product.

This is a low end phone, and it is what I was expecting when I bought it. Good phone, and works fine.

I bought this as an emergency phone for my mom, who has a tendency to leave her cell behind (at work, at a relative's house, etc) and no longer has a land line.  As such, I expect she will use the phone for a few days every couple of months.The payment plans available are extremely unfriendly for this purpose.  All of the available plans are "use it or lose it" - minimum deposit is $15 monthly or $25 that expires in 3 months.  When the billing period is up, AT&T; eats all your unspent funds and you have to pump more into the account in order to use the phone again.  There is NO option for people who want to pay only for time used.I suppose I shouldn't be surprised by this, but the ATT reps are apparently coached to be dishonest when setting up the plans as well.  I asked the rep I spoke with at least 3 times if there were any hidden fees or monthly minimums, and she said "no" three times.  After making an additional deposit I get on the web site and learn about the "expiration date" on money deposited.If you were planning to use this phone as a backup, plan to spend at least $100 a year in fees just to keep the phone accessible for emergency use.

I bought this phone for my grandfather who does not need a sophisticated smart phone. He just needs a reliable phone and no need to be in a long term contract with such a phone. Yes, Go Phones, can be used by those with regular service. You simply use you current SIM card and dispose of the one that comes with the phone.The call clarity has been great, as well as the reception. I expect about a 2 to 3 year life out of the phone for him.He says the buttons are a little small for him with regards to the numbers written on the buttons, but otherwise it's a very solid phone for him.

I have a pay as you go ATT phone that I needed to replace with a clam shell type.  This phone has served its purpose well and was inexpensive.

After ordering it I found it expensive and a hassle to refill the minutes,can't find the phone now any way

Do not buy this phone online I did not get the airtime credit as promised plus you can buy from at&t direct for just $10

Used this as a holdover phone when my old one broke before I could upgrade to my next smartphone.Pros:- Is a phone.- Is cheap.- Good sound quality.Cons:- Doesn't withstand hammers?- Some people apparently have issues with the $15 credit not being applied. If you ask me, $30 for a phone is a great deal regardless.

Phone was in mint condition. It was purchased to replace one that was no longer functional. Rather than upgrade, I found a good used unit.

Ok guys the samsung A107 is a great phone one, it's a prepaid phone so you can get minute cards or add a credit/debit card and add money to your account. Also, the calling is basic but for making a basic phone calling great and has built in microphone all though now lots of phone you can talk without having the phone up to your ear.And texting is great to you can do basic for .20 sent/recieved , and more money if you want to sent someone a media text(video,audio or picture). And I forgot the phone cards have an expiration date that they expire on and went the expire you have 60 days to add minutes before they close your account and have to pay to reopen and if your minutes expire before you get a new card then you will lose you minutes same way with credit/debit card. You must add a sim card to it to activate your account easiest to do online then over the phone and it's no cost to active it and they don't ask for credit cards just basic information and you get a your number. Then you will recieve a text with a 4 digit code enter it and then you get to set your own 4 digit code to access you online account. And this is most of the information lastly 3 hours of talk time and I think 10-12 days of standby.

I've just bought this phone over the past weekend at BB for $15 and bought $25 airtime.Service:So far, I have to say I am quite happy with it.  I previously had T-Mobile prepaid but had to switch because I had no service in my house.  After switching to AT&T;, I can actually make calls/texts in my house.  The service is quite cheap as well, I am on the Simple Rate plan.  It costs $.10/min to talk which gets deducted from your prepaid balance.  Standard texting costs $.25 per text, but I bought 200 messages for $4.99 that lasts for 30 days (Comes to $.02/text).Cell Phone:The phone was super cheap and yet it is quiet sturdy.  There is no exterior screen, making it that much more stable/energy efficient.  It is quite possibly the simplest phone you can buy new on the market.  It does not have the capacitive touchscreen that you will find on an iPhone, it does not have an HD screen, nor does it let you scroll through the internet like you would on your computer.  Instead, this phone lets you make calls and send/receive text messages.  Crazy right?  It is not made to be the shiny object that attracts the nearby fishes and sheep, it is simply a mobile phone for communicating.  My only quip is that is has no volume control buttons on the side, not a huge issue, just something I would have liked.  I also use the phone as my alarm to wake up.Final Word:I estimate that it will cost me about $10-15 a month for their service a month.  I usually text a lot more than I make calls, but I spend no more than 100-150 minutes a month which equals $10-15.  Now that I have the $4.99 texting package, I will probably reduce my minutes, making it go down to 50-10 minutes.  The phone serves is purpose, I am very satisfied with it.  I'd give it 5 stars if it had a volume control button the side, it doesn't so I'll live without it but it is not perfect.  It meets all my criteria of needs, nothing else to say.

Was looking for a dirt-simple phone. Delivery was excellent - arrived early. Set-up rather confusing. Samsung instructions not the best. ATT is a real PITA! Registration and credit for included minutes took 18 hours and two phone calls. Internet access is the easiest function on the phone - so easy you must be very very careful not to make the connection (and get charged for it!). There is no way to disable this function, so plan on paying for internet minutes whether you want it or not.

Yes, this is a really ancient phone.  It does still work and look great, and it was fine for our granddad.  Remember, if you buy 1,000 minutes for $100 at AT&T, you'll probably have phone service for a year!  If you don't talk much.

I bought one of these and it started buzzing w/o stopping 4 days after warranty ended. Junk, no more Samsung for me.

I particularly like this phone because it is the physically smallest one I can find.  I have difficulty finding replacements because I think they have stopped manufacturing this model.  It has a good (severl days) battery life.  The various features access is a little primative because you have to go through their tree for access, but that is okay with me.  The item purchase through Amazon went smooth.

I resisted getting a cell phone for years but finally broke down and bought a GoPhone.  It makes calls, it takes calls.  If it does anything fancy, I don't know or care.  A fine choice for a mild technophobe like myself.

AT&T; offered me the same phone for $10 at my corner AT&T; phone shop.No shipping and no free airtime.Phone is simple with good sound quality.

Do not buy this junk. You cannot adjust the volume so as to hear voice at the other end!!!!!JUNK!

I already reviewed this item.THis was advertised with a camera, it doesnt have on.I put in in a draw with other useless except for spare phonesand parts.

Having use the above cell phone for a month now, I am happy to say that is the best choice I ever made. It is portable and solid. The battery life is as just good. I do not have any problem whatsoever. I recommend it for anybody who wants a simple prepaid phone. It worth more than the price.Thank you.Customer.

Cheap phone with no features.  Long battery life.  I put my sim card in out of my old Razr phone and worked right away.  Again NO FEATURES.

I've used this phone for a few years, sometimes as my daily phone, sometimes as a backup when another phone doesn't work. It is what it is, a low priced prepaid phone. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles so I recommend it for those who don't want a fancy gadget, or someone who prefers a simple, easy-to-use device.My only issue with the phone is call quality. Sometimes it's a little difficult to hear what others are saying, especially in slightly noisier environments, and sometimes others have a difficult time hearing me. Sometimes it takes a few retries to get a text to send, but I think that's cell phone signal here in this building ...But then again for less than $20 really hard to go wrong.

Go Phone arrived in Amazon's usual good time.  Samsung's packaging could not be opened easily (also usual, alas).  After much effort, however, it was at last shattered enough to remove the Go Phone & accompanying manuals.It was then I realized the essential battery was [gasp!] --brace yourself-- MISSING!  Nowhere to be found.  Not in package.  Not in phone.  Not in shipping  box.Thus, this  probably fine cell phone was useless.  Unusable.  Decided to  order, from Amazon again, another one instead of buying a new battery which could cost more than the phone.Can only hope that the second Go Phone  will arrive with everything it is *supposed* to have.

My mom does not like a complicated phone, and it is nearly impossible to get a non-smart phone.  So when her original phone gave out, I bought this an inexpensive replacement.  Everyone is happy

My stepson lost his mother's cellphone. The phone, which my wife did not like much anyway, was on my family plan. My wife prefers clamshell phones so my plan to pass her down my IPhone 3GS was not met with any enthusiasm. So how did I get her a new cellphone, one she likes, put it on the plan, and not extend my plan by another two years?This phone is the answer. First it's a clamshell. Second it is priced right. Third, AT&T; will put in a new SIM card for her family plan number. Finally none of this extends my existing plan should I want to switch providers (and I am not sure I do since AT&T; is getting better).Now please note that by installing a new SIM card, this becomes a regular cellphone on my plan. It is no longer a prepaid phone.The voice quality is quite good. It has a camera, which my wife is unlikely ever to use. It has what it calls "Apps" was are a few limited and unimaginative mini-programs. It can text, another feature my wife won't use, and has a means to download a few MP3s.An iPhone it's not. My wife can use it, and we can communicate, and that's all that really counts.

Straight off: SIM card was a dud and had to be replaced at an AT & T store, whereI should have gone in the first place. The manual icons are nearly impossibleto make out; the menu is not straight-forward; and no mention is made aboutobtaining a phone number. I "chatted" with an on-line agent who was useless,essentially.I just needed an emergency car phone; so this seemed ideal. We'll see.

I have one of these. Initially bought back when my original AT&T; Samsung Impression went kaput. I have now been on a smartphone kick, progressing from the MB860 Atrix 4G to the MB865 Atrix 2 (This was actually a downgrade from the 4G unfortunately, it sucked) and now onto the MB886 Atrix HD.Back onto the subject oof the A107:Call quality was good-to-excellent:Never dropped a call, others heard me loud and clear, hearing them was loud and clear as well. If I recall, this does have a speakerphone through use of the ear receiver.Features were poor/lacking:It was able to call and text, I'm not sure I remember ever being able to connect to the internet on it however. I know it's not an HSPA/EVDO device (3G) but I should have still been able to pull up a single page on Google or Yahoo, however that was not capable even on the 1X data connection.Reliability was excellent:The phone still works to this very day, it's never bugged out on me or not turned on or made a call when I wanted & needed it to.Ruggedness was excellent:I am notorious for dropping my phones. I have dropped this thing numerous times but it functions perfect, the only thing apparent is the scuffs and marks on the outside of the case.Battery life was excellent:I remember using this phone for days with plenty of talk and text going on and not having to charge it very often at all. When I did charge it, I'd charge it overnight (8~hours) and use it until it was about dead again. It would last for days though, I am positive on that.*Not sure about if you're seeing this at the $27 price I am now, but I can honestly say I'd hold off on it for that price. I got mine for $19 + tax in Wal-Mart years back.

We had Virgin Mobile but were going on a trip into Mexico recently and Virgin Mobile phones don't work down there, PLUS we didn't want to pay Roaming Fees--- so I basically checked around and found the cheapest cell phone that Did work in Mexico with no roaming fee.  This was it and cheap got it for $9.99.  We used it and it worked fine in several Mexican ports of call.  We liked it so much that we stopped using Virgin Mobile and got another phone just like this one for my other half.  Both using AT&T; go phone now and have set it up to Auto Top Up using a credit card.  We do the 10cents a minute plan at $25 per 90 days.  The phone is lighter and smaller than our Virgin Mobile ones.  Like the looks way better too.  A big plus is their customer service people - I called several times when setting up accounts and they were very friendly and helpful.  I don't remember what the per minute charges were in Mexico but I think it was 25cents a minute or less.  We wanted it to just have for emergency and to check in with family.Several people say there is no speakerphone:  there is- when you are into a call press the thing that looks like the AT&T; Globe.  that is speakerphone button.  Look at page 20 in user manual.

I think is a new one but its use

my iphone broke so i bought this to use until iphone5 comes out whenever. i use this for calls and texts and it is fine. what else do you expect for a 16 dollar phone? i think it is worth the money and its fuctions are exactly what you pay for. i have no complaints.

I purchased this phone for my 80 year old mother and decided to set it up for her before giving it to her. I installed the SIM card and charged the battery but could not add minutes to her phone per the instructions provided. This was not a user friendly startup. I have yet to find that the phone is very useful. I sure hope it is, as she only needs a basic mobile phone.

I did not buy this phone here but at Wal-Mart. I do not use the Go-Phone system but used my existing SIM card from my old phone with my AT&T monthly plan. A lot of 1 star reviews complain about the Go-Phone payments plans which I do not utilize. My wife and I each have our own cell phones and hers is used as our main phone number, we do not have a land line anymore. I don't call people much anymore since I retired so I needed a simple phone without all the bells and whistles. For a good inexpensive phone used as a secondary line it is well worth the money. I have had it for 1 year and no problems with it to speak of.

If your looking for a disposable phone, than this is the one for you. Not many features, just a simple phone, the buttons are SMALL, no speaker. But again, it's small and I would get it for a kid just in case of emergency kind of thing.

what a deal!!!! samsung gophone  I know everyone now has a I phone but there nothing better than to have a flip phone you can manage your time better and not be online with your smart phone  stay focus  a phone not a tablet

About a week ago I purchased my phone not only was the shipping extremely fast but the phone itself was worth much more than I payed for , it was such an amazing deal that for a while I actually believed it was false until I actually received the phone. The phone came brand new in perfect condition and worked like a charm , all in all  Theres not that much to say other than the simple fact that I am extremely happy with this purchase and recommend this seller to everyone and hope to buy from him again. Thanks.

I bought this phone to use it during my holiday in the US. The phone is simple and was used only for calling and sending txt messages (it is possible to download some applications, but I did not test it). The phone had no difficulties to find network in California (from LA to San Francisco), battery held approx. for 10 days (phone was always on, but only few calls were made and few txts sent), quality of sound was very good. The phone fell once on the ground from ca. 1 meter and no harm was made (not even a small scratch). I bought it with 15 USD credit for calls and sms, and taking into account that total phone price was lower than that, it was a great buy.

this is the second time ive purchased this phone.  its a great basic for phone calls, but not much else.  its sturdy and the battery lasts a long time.  my only disappointment is that this time, the seller didnt offer a $15 airtime credit with the phone purchase.  bummer.

i have been unable to activate or use the phone.  No phone number has been assigned so I cannot buy minutes.  If I had not destroyed the packaging I would return the phone.  I have ordered a GoPhone from AT&T; and they assigned a phone number even before I received the phone.  Their phone is automatically activated when you charge the battery.Samsung could take a lesson from AT&T;.

Bought this to use when my phone stopped working. It is a great phone for everyday use. After my phone was repaired, I kept this as a backup and use it when I go hiking, etc., so as not to damage my regular phone.It's old tech, but I love it because:*Works with your existing AT&T; SIM card*Plug and play*compact

Loves these phones, have a tree serviceAnd we go through these phones all the timeThis seller seems to have what I need when I needThem. I would highly recommend this seller

Works now and then.  Don't expect too much from a cheap phone and you won't be disappointed.  Being cheap and buying this cheap phone has probably caught up with me.  I saw Walgreens stocked this model for under 10 bucks and they weren't exactly flying off the shelves.UPDATE:I fixed the loose battery and now it works great.. so I now take back everthing I said.

The seller sent this phone out the same day I ordered it and I received it in 2 days!!! What a blessing. It came and was like new. I would definitely recommend this seller.

I received the GoPhone very quickly but unfortunately I hasnt been very reliable. luckily I bought it as an extra phone incase one of our phones (smartphones) started acting up and sure enough, 2 days later, my daughters phone started tripping..the problem is the phone wont allow us to hear the person on the other side. it doesnt happen all the time but once a day is too much. we never know when it will act up also. So i cannot recommend this phone with the experience weve had so far.

This is a great phone, i was a little skepticle at first, but it does just what i need it to do. The volume is great,and it serves the purpose.

if you only want to talk or text its ok. but i like getting on the web too. i drop my touch phone in a glass of tea. i had to get this one for work too much money for what it do no camera

Great phone for the price.  I gave away a $150 phone for this one.  Has everything but a camera, unless you need to get on line.

I expected it to enable me to talk with the other party clearly but the call was scratchy and losing volume. I tried to call from several places and it's still the same. I got a lemon!!!!!!

even though, right on the order page, it says "two phones available" or whatever number, you order this, and then wait about 4 days, then Amazon emails you and tells you that there are none available.  I am just trying to find a phone with buttons large enough for me to read with my bifocals necessary sight, and most of the phones have buttons too small.  the flip phones don't, but AT&T doesn't seem to be interested in selling those models.  every time I try to order one, the order is cancelled.

We have 2 of these (my husband and I each have one) that we use in rural Alaska and they have lasted and lasted and lasted.  Nice basic phone--nothing fancy if that's what you're looking for.  Ours have been almost indestructible--great battery life, great reception, good size for fitting in a pocket, no screen on the outside to get scratched or broken.  We have carried these while doing firewood, in and out of the boat in the ocean air, and dropped them more times than I can count.  Trust me--if this was a flimsy phone my husband would have managed to break his a long time ago!  We have had other inexpensive go phones that lasted a matter of weeks, not years like these have.  I would HIGHLY recommend this phone to anyone who wants a durable, reliable phone that does what a phone is supposed to do.

For my parents visiting, I ordered this phone from a vendor named "classicsale10". The shipping was fast. The phone is completely out of date but still meet the basics - calling and texting. The battery lasts long. And it feels good to touch the "real keys" again...touch screens are just cold and hard. I only hope this phone would have volume control...and the sound to be louder.Real problem is, the product detail said that this package contains $15 airtime credit. So I activated the phone...and, nothing. Then I waited to see if any msg will come later, like the other buyer said in his/her comment. A night was gone, and still nothing. Then I contacted the seller. They replied by saying that "AT&T; has withdrawn this $15 airtime credit for the devices launched in the market in recent times.  The listing was created when the AT&T; was giving the free airtime credit. " Well, although I don't completely understand this but it's not my resposbility for the $15 loss. So after negotiation the seller quickly agreed to refund me $15 though they will lose money. Sorry about that. Blame AT&T;, maybe.Anyways, it's a good deal.

Phone was super tiny. I was lead to believe from reading description that i was entitled to a cash value of time on the phone. I met all the qualfications for receiving this but when i tried to activate the phone and talked with both amazon and AT&T;, i was not getting any such thing. This was disappointing and if i had known this from the beginning, i would have bought a different one.Samsung a107 Prepaid GoPhone (AT&T;)

What's Hot: Impressive battery life, good call quality, tactile keyboard for MMS and menu navigationWhat's Not: No advanced functionality like a camera or Bluetooth. No games pre- included, no volume rockerThe Verdict: For the dwindling few who still desire a basic handset over a smartphone, this Samsung GOPhone will do trick. Sound quality over att's 2G network is crisp, the reception is strong, and the basic display does the job for MMS text messaging/ light web browsing. Just don't expect any advanced functions such as Bluetooth, 3G, or even a digital camera. We would have liked to also see a dedicated volume rocker for adjusting the sound level mid-call.

I bought two of these phones for my wife and I directly from the AT&T; store because we moved in an area that AT&T; had a monopoly and our Verizon phones wouldn't get signal.  (Feels like this shouldn't even be legal in this day and age but that's another story.)These phones are very confusing to navigate and even the graphics feel like they are about five years behind the times.  But I didn't expect much for what I paid so I can't complain too much about that.  Unfortunately after less than three months my wife's phone completely stopped working.  It made noise like someone was calling when they weren't, it couldn't complete calls, and the battery wouldn't hold a charge for more than about twelve hours without even using it.  Because it was more than 30 days I would have to do a warranty replacement rather than exchange it.  I decided that it wasn't even worth my time to warranty replace it since I didn't like the phone to begin with.Unless price is your only concern in buying a phone (it was my main concern when I bought this) I recommend paying a bit more and getting a better phone.  I'll be keeping my phone simply because I'm not to the type to waste money when mine still works but I won't be disappointed when it breaks and I have to buy a better phone.
