
Works great for my girlfriend in the Philippines....just put her old SIM card in, and it works perfectly...we're very happy

Shipment was ontime without any damages, and instructions were very understandable. Phone has been working propely, without any difficulities. There has not been any problems with the product.

This product shipped really fast. The phone came brand new with everything it needed. The phone is really, truly awesome.

The transaction went well, and I like the phone.  However it would have been really great if I had gotten an instruction book with the phone.  It is a new phone, and I have always gotten an instruction book in the past when I bought a new phone.  How am I supposed to know how to use my new great phone if I have no instructions?  A white instruction booklet always accompanies new phones.  I am having to learn how to use my new and great phone by trial and error.  NOT FUN!!!  I have e-mailed Cellular City telling them of my problem and asking if they would please send my instruction book.  It has been two weeks, and I have not even gotten a reply.  I would appreciate at least a reply telling me they are not going to send me an instrucion book.  I will not buy anything from them again.It is too bad, because I really like the phone (at least what I have learned so far, BY MYSELF), and everything else about the transaction went smoothly.Cheryl

I absolutely loved this phone! Unfortunately it has perished, but that is my fault entirely. Apparently it doesn't like swimming so people, no toilets! It lasted me two years and would of lasted much longer I'm sure if I hadn't killed it.The texting was hard at first, but after a week, I was pro with a record of several hundred messages a day. I never had a complaint about my phone except maybe it not being water resistant. The battery would last me two days which is a lot considering I hardly put it down.I always had my phone to lock in 8 seconds (you can put more time, or make it manual) so I never had data charges for throwing it in my purse unlocked and having my mascara do some web surfing.I always had signal, and the touch screen always worked just fine.Honestly, it was the best phone ever. I never had internet or all that fancy stuff though, I've heard it's not the best phone then. But if you plan to have a phone solely for messaging and calling, I recommend it.

Specs stated that the phone worked on Tmobil system but is does not.  Phone returned.  Specs should be actual and if there are conditions they should be stated.

Phone in nice condition. Open/unlocked phone did what it was supposed too. I will grab a new one if ever needed for the purpose again.

i dont like this stuffs i think when you buy it you gonna hate it  like i did so only thing is price and shipping, better stuffs if they fix it, i will be more happy next time.

We bought this phone and by the third day it wasn't holding a charge. We would charge it over night and the next morning the battery would go dead after making one or two phone calls. We are constantly having to charge it throughout the day. The phone itself is pretty nice, but the battery life sucks.

Needed a replacement phone for my 15 year old child, found this one on amazon.com, judging by the price I thought I was gonna get a piece of junk with scratches everywhere, but I was so pleased when I opened the package and found out that for that price I got a phone that was almost like new, by the way it arrived in only 3 days.It came with wall and vehicle chargers and the battery is in very good shape. I loved this transaction and my child couldn't be happier. I will definetely buy from this seller again.

I purchased this phone for my 11 year old son. He can use an iPod Touch with ease and my iPhone, however the solstice touch screen is very difficult to use. The texting functionality is also difficult. I really regret this purchase.

I ordered this phone as a Christmas present. When we turned it on, it had a white line through the screen. Since it's sold without a warranty, there wasn't much that could be done. Fortunately Amazon stood behind it and allowed me to return it, but I would not purchase this phone again and will not purchase anything that's sold without a warranty.

I don't have much time to write a review, but let me just say, this is the WORST phone I have ever had.  I get little to no recepction in my house (and I live in a large city), it drops calls ALL of the time, and makes this weird buzzing noise and either drops my call or turns off.  I am on my 2nd solctice and had the same problems with BOTH of them, and my husband stopped using his and went back to his old phone because of the same problems.  So 3 phones, all with the same issues.  Just an absolutely awful phone and awful service with AT&T...I can't wait until our contract is up so we can switch...at&t is awful as well...horrible customer service, horrible reception, and way too many dropped calls!  STAY away from this phone and At&T!!!

Great product from samsung. Phone worked well once i put a simcard from one of the local providers in Uganda- east africa. Great buy and no regrets

I am so disappointed in this phone.  Have been spoiled by my previous Samsung Impressions.  The touchscreen keyboard is so tight it's near impossible to type a word correctly on the first try. I suppose a bad battery is always possible, but I have never had a phone that sucks the life from a battery the way this thing does! I've started keeping my old phone charging a second battery just to make it through the day. My old phone could last 4-5 days! Never again.

I like it but getting use to using it.  I haven't really used it that much.  Maybe I can review it much later and, give a better review.

The phone is excellent brand samsung is very good but this tel although it does not bring anything of accessories and cable for data or headphones can not be set because it brings software at & t and this does not leave even upgrade anything said according to the report Samsung brings FM radio but this does not bring any of that do not recommend it.

I think this is a good phone for the price. I'm sure there are smartphones that are better but seeing as how I haven't owned any of those I can't really compare it to them. it's user friendly, lightweight, durable. The touch screen is functional and storage is good (so far); and it's Samsung so really there's no complaints here.

The Phone packaging came ok/good, but some features on the phone don't work, it is crap sorry but thats how I feel.

I have already left a review just through that you might have another problem,mine is always on the charger.like in the morning and then at night, I wrote the seller sent another battery well it did not help,I do not know if I can send it back will have to ask amazon.I have heard that people have it on charger at night,well I would like to use it for morethen a few hours.

Bought this to start Net 10 service. Hooked right up to it with no problems. Had one of these phones when they first came out several years ago and found it to be a good quality phone that held for 3 years.

i bought this phone from att refurbished after a couple days of never shutting it off it will turn off itself withought warning. pretty easy to use though jus wouldnt recommened refurbished alot of the features work on their time

performs as advertised and is a decent price, the 3G does make a difference in the reception. Has lots of features and is easy to use.

I see others have or had problems with your phone but i love mine ! I think it has a lot of neat features and i'm very pleased! It also holds a charge for several days and i have owned many different cell phones that would not keep a charge. I would definitely encourage others to purchase this phone !!!!! The price is reasonable and compared to the expensive pantech i recently owned, this Samsung Solstice has it beat !!  I've had this phone over a week now and i can say, &#34;I simply love it !!!&#34;

This phone is by far the worse phone I've ever had in my life. The only good thing about it is that it serves the purpose as to making calls. That's it. After a few pictures, the memory is full, the text messages need to be deleted after about 300, it cuts off ALL the time. And there's even been times when the phone wouldn't read the sim card after turning the phone off and taking the battery out and the sim card. I would NOT spend money on this item. I'm very upset and wish I could send it back but I'd rather just get a new phone and throw this one away! If you're looking for a good phone, just make sure to consider all of the reviews first. I've actually heard that other (friends) and people in general who have had this phone, it's done the same to them!! I know I'm not the first or the last and you'll definitely be disappointed if you spend your money on this. it'll only work for a month and then start messing up!

Too thin, screen breaks too easily.  Good phohe, but not durable, even if you are very, very careful.NOT DURABLE

the phone, only lasted two weeks in operation. the phone to attempt to start, but there was nothing, I should do, I lost my money. please reply to mail yuri.s.c@hotmail.com.

The Samsung Solstice 2 is my current phone.  It was marketed as a "quick messaging" phone but it certainly is not that.Pro:-Attractive display-Three main screens to dock "widgets" aka: short cuts-Allows you to dial by picture-Saves messages in conversation format (showing both comments together in order)-Really good quality camera-Allows for many alarms-Bluetooth (see CONS)-has a few game demos: Collapse, pacman, tetris, uno and world series of poker-Has music player-Easy to plug phone in to transfer photos via usb-Text keyboard can be used as a phone keypad when upright or qwerty when sideways-Call quality is goodCONS:-Phone crashes regularly upon: using camera, scrolling through contacts, scrolling through messages.-Each text message takes 5-30 seconds to send.  up to a minute if it is a photo.  During this time, the phone is locked and becomes a paperweight-Instructions say you can change it to "silent" sound profile by turning it face down.  Does not work-impossible to get rid of the vibrating when you get a message, even when sound is on.-messages, calls, and alarms each have their own sound setting.  Annoying when you need the phone to be extra soft or loud-If you don't use internet and don't want to pay for it, you must shut if off with your provider, otherwise it is too easy  to access it.-Phone does not always know it has been turned sideways and often requires several re-tilts.-Bluetooth call quality is unusable.  I have three different quality bt earpieces, but none have even tolerable quality when paired to this phone.-Even though I save messages to my 2gig card, phone frequently tells me I must delete, usually after 300 messages or so.-phone menu is preloaded with (Locked in) applications that add $$ to your bill if you are not a net user.Honestly the crashing and the LONG time to send text messages are the BIGGEST turnoffs about this phone.I would not have even gotten it if it wasn't the best of the "free" phones available from my provider.This phone causes daily frustration.

I have had this phone since May 2011.  I have had it exchanged twice by the warranty department (plus a new battery) but nothing fixed the problems that plague this little phone.  It shuts off randomly.  The screen freezes.  Sometimes it freezes and it is hours before the phone is usable again (even when taking the battery out).  Call quality is fair, but I have numerous dropped calls and signal issues where I have never had problems before.  Internet access is fair, at best...  This phone just isn't reliable.  I'll be waiting for a call and check my phone only to discover that it has shut itself off completely!!!  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  There are many better phones to choose from!

This phone has excellent audio - both transmit and receive.  It takes excellent pictures.  It is small and light.  It has two serious flaws.  I use the phone for talking and texting and that's it and had to have ATT Store disable the Internet capability. It was too easy to activate when you aren't even trying and you can rack up some data charges quickly.  It's worst fault for me is the Qwerty touch-screen.  I have large finger tips and you must hit each letter on its top left corner or the letter immediately on the the right side shows up. To make matters worse, I have to use a stylus to send a text message and that is not error free unless I creep along.  I'd look a little further for a phone.

This phone works wonderful, plus I didn't have to renew any contract and I save a couple hundreds. I didnt have to change anything with the old phone that I have!

I bought this phone nearly two years ago and its still as great as the day I opened it. I have an old school phone plan; I don't use the internet or check my email. I only use this phone for calls, texts, and pictures. For these purposes, this has been the best phone I've had yet.I don't have any trouble with the battery- I charge every three days or so. It has frozen up a few times in the course of two years, but it wasn't anything removing the battery didn't fix.I like the user interface, it has convenient shortcuts, even a set of programmable shortcuts along the left side of the screen.Camera works well, enough quality that I can upload pictures online and they are normal-size and clear, but no flash.Touchscreen is great, I don't have to recalibrate often. And QWERTY keyboard is good also, it has auto correct so you don't have to type exactly right.Only complaint is that if you don't get the lock button pushed before dropping the phone into your purse or pocket, its easy to get into screens that accrue data charges. Its happened three or four times.Overall great value for what you get out of it if you aren't one of those people who never puts their phone down and uses it for everything under the sun.

We live in Washington DC area where the ticket for driving on cell phone is $150. This phone has a problem with Plantronics Bluetooth connectivity. It seems like MOTOROLA is only phone and/or it bluetooth fully pairs other. I would not buy this phone brand if use with bluetooth

I purchased this phone as a replacement for my BlackBerry Curve. Unfortunately I wish I would have bought a different phone because this ranks among one of the worst I have ever owned. Although the touch screen features are nice, what good is your phone to you if you have to charge it TWICE a day, EVERY day, regardless of how much you use it???For example, I left my phone on the charger for approximately 10 hours during the night. I took it off the charger when I left this morning for work and I had a full charge (five bars). I placed two phone calls, both of which lasted only 10 minutes each. Four text messages were sent (no multimedia texts by the way), and now it tells me four hours later that I have one bar of battery life. Ridiculous. This has been an ongoing problem since I got it. Just read the reviews and you will see that others have the exact same problem. And don't even think about trying to talk on the phone while it's charging because it will get so hot that you can't hold it.The call quality is terrible as well as my mother tells me I am the only one she has trouble hearing when either of us call each other. And as one user mentioned, you can't get rid of the vibrate mode for messages if you want your phone to be completely silent.The only pros to this phone is that you have similar "smartphone features" without having to have a data package, which if you threaten to leave your current cell phone service provider, they will drop the data package requirement even if you have a smartphone, just fyi.

This phone please don't try it the price is not worth it. Eevery  ten mintues the battery dies and you have to full charge your phone. If they could find a way to make the battey life live longer this would be a great cheat phone.

phone out of box that is supposed to be new, it had a display problem when first turned on that won't go away. tried to find out why but there is a permanant line in the middle of the display that impeds the view. with no warranty on this phone there is no way to return and get a new one. would not reccomend this seller for a cell phone, because their products come with problems and you are stuck with no recourse

I was so excited to get my new phone. I had this phone already but accidently left in my pocket and washed it. I went this week to get a new phone and just wasn't ready for anything different. I was very excited to see Amazon had the Samsung Soltice and I immediately purchased it. Got it tonight and have all my stuff set up on it. I am actually fixing to order another one for my husband. I am a very happy person. Thanks

Not my first choice but Samsung is a reliable company. Its pretty cool. You can tilt the phone to the side and text on the keybord.

This phone is just terrible.  I'll start with the pros:-Text messaging interface is nice, considering that you can read the conversation continuously.-Takes decent pictures.-Decent speaker and microphone.The cons:- Numerous accidental pocket dials.- Very easy to accidentally answer calls.  Pressing the call button answers a call, whether it's locked or not.- The phone likes to power cycle randomly.- The phone often loses it's connection to the AT&T; network.- It will run out of battery with little notice.- The widgets are awkward, and basically a joke.  The only one I use is the call center interface.  There are several redundant ones, and there is not one for an alarm.- The alarm is buggy.  Sometimes it just flat out doesn't go off.  You get annoying error messages when trying to set alarms too.- The applications are a joke.  The map/gps application is not intuitive, buggy, and has limited functionality compared to free things like google maps.  Oh yea, it costs ten bucks a month to use.  Basically every application on the phone comes with a monthly fee of 2-15 dollars.  This functionality is duplicated on many other phones for free.  Oh yea, the apps actually work half way decently on other phones.- Texting is nearly impossible.  In the keyboard mode, you are guaranteed to make several typos.  You can turn on T9, but it's poorly implemented and causes the phone to lag.- The phone possesses almost no memory.  At around 200 texts, you will get a horrendously annoying message: "memory full, please delete some texts".  You select ok, try to navigate to the texts, and it comes up again.  You'll be on the phone, get a text, and then hear a beeping every 10 seconds because your memory is full.  There is an auto-delete when full option, but guess what: it doesn't work.- Setting it up to backup files on your computer is a difficult and bug-ridden process.There's more, but that's enough for now.  Either Samsung didn't test this phone at all, or they are perfectly comfortable putting a terrible product on the market.  In either case, I wouldn't buy Samsung any time soon.

I've only had this phone for four months and am having major problems. It is sensitive and turns off all the time, even when I'm on a call. The charge doesn't last, I never know how much of a charge I have. Even just leaving it on overnight, the charge runs out. When I charge it, somtimes it says battery full after a few minutes and I pull the plug and start charging again and it continues to charge. Other times it has taken almost 50 minutes to charge fully. The amount of charge goes up and down, and I never truly know how much of a charge I have. I am a single parent and this is my only phone, so if an emergency came up with my son, I don't trust that this phone would work for me to call for help. I don't do anything besides call and text, and the charge still runs out extremley fast. Buyer beware, there is a reason this company doesn't accept returns. I WOULD NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY!!

i hate it; a waste of money, the mic just work 2 weeks, now i have to repair it, but am considering purchase another phone, don't buy it

I thought when you buy something it would at least work right. Wrong. The speaker did not work from the start. Its bad you can pay for something and you get a phone that doesnt work. Wont buy from this seller again.

i was dissapointed because i was never told to buy the baterry charger and the batery.Very bad,since the equipment was used.my rating will be 1 star since i havent tried yet

I currently have a Samsung Solstice and wanted a replacement. The one I ordered would not accept my simm card and though I knew this was a refurbished phone, I was horrified that all the previous owners information and photos were still on the phone. Thankfully I was able to I returned it with no problems.

Best phone i've ever owned. Exceedes my expectations. Very user friendly. Very clear screen. All features easily accessable.I added a 8gb microchip. Photo stroage is amazing.

Internet does not work, at least here in Venezuela does not work. should explain that only works in the United States, for not doing so bad deal

For the price it's really good, I've had this phone for a year and no major problems, I use it for texting and calling and that is it. It does the job, the camera is alright but I haven't been able to figure out how to get my pictures onto the computer from the phone, which doesn't matter much to me anyway. I've dropped it countless times, I actually threw it at the ground yesterday to show my friend how durable my new case was. It's great for the price my only annoyance is the touch screen freezes up sometimes when texting and then types it all at once really quick so it throws me off

User friendly and good for us older folks who are not into smart phones. Great visibility and lighting, easy texting and phoning.

Samsung Solstice is a touch screen phone that tries to make leaps towards features of a smart phone. In summary, the Solstice is a slim, dependable, and easy to use phone.My thoughts:- I like the touchscreen. It's generally very reactive, just off by a millimeter or so sometimes. Very responsive and becomes second nature after a while.- The main screen lets you put your favorite apps on a bar that acts like the taskbar of a PC. You can also drag the app icon onto the background for ease of access. The charge meter, network indicator, and time are all generally lit well and easy to read.- On idle mode, it's difficult to pocket dial and mistouch something, as long as you lock the phone each time. It's very simple to use and becomes an easy habit after a while. Almost every phone has that option. If you don't lock it, then it's your fault, not the phone.- Design is very nice, actually. The back button is the center on the bottom, with the dial and end call buttons on the left and right ,respectively. The lock and unlock button is subtly placed on the top right, which is very convenient. On the left side of the phone, there's the volume control, which also is slim enough that you wouldn't accidentally bump it. The battery charger and usb slot has a cover that is attached to the phone, preventing any dust or debris from damaging the phone.- Camera is fairly good. 2 megapixels is enough and the pictures are generally clear.- Call quality is fair. It's certainly not optimal, as you may get some bad signal sometimes. However, more often than not you'll have a good experience. A caution though, is that the phone can become obscenely hot after talking, even for as little as 10 minutes. I'd recommend a bluetooth or headset.- I like the ease of connectivity between this phone and PC. You'll need a USB chord, and I recommend getting theOriongadgets Sync & Charge USB Cable for Samsung Solstice A887 (Black), or any compatible chord. It's a simple drag and drop into this phone's folder. I've easily uploaded songs and pictures.- The texting interface is solid and generally responsive. You may have some typos, but with some careful practice, it's fairly easy. Everything has a learning curve, so give it some time! However, you may only text up to 7 different contacts on a text message.* * * *Some counter arguments against existing reviews:- A reviewer said that the battery life was horrible. Not for me, and others. Me and other Samsung Solstice users have no issue with the battery charging. On estimate, I'd say a fully charged phone can last up to 3-4 hours of talk time. The battery charging is good, but the battery life is definitely sub-par. I'm able to charge every couple days, so it's not that bad.- Bluetooth connectivity is a breeze. After some simple instructions, you'll be connected in no time. MySamsung WEP460 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging] works perfectly with this phone.Overall, a solid phone that is capable as an all-purpose daily phone and tries to have features of a smart phone. Also, as a word of caution, it seems that the not so favorable reviewers of this phone just simply had a bad luck experience with this phone. I'm sorry to hear that, but there are plenty of happy Samsung Solstice owners like me, my brother, and several friends, but they just haven't expressed their satisfaction here on Amazon. The people whom had bad experiences just seem to scream louder. Anyways, don't let that prevent you from buying this phone. Highly recommended phone.

So far it is functioning as expected.It is a basic phone and serves the purpose, I have yet to figure out some of its added features.I should have purchased some add-ons like protection case.

A phone that fits for my mother in law's needs. She loved the touch screen system, apart from its design

nice phone but it does not allow the program &#34;what's up&#34; it is compact and very nice. i love this phone

i love it and i bought one for my nephew he also love it take great pic i use it in the carribbean.

It is a good phone. I have enjoyed it. I dont like the size. I was not expecting a little bitty phone. and that is what it is. I am still having trouble texting. the keys are small and so close i keep hitting the wrong button. I wanted to return it but my fiance convinced me to try it out and i decided to keep it. It is not worth what i paid for it though.

I trust Amazon to always send me what I order.  This phone is great for me because I like the touch phone keyboard.  I only use it for calls and texting and it is perfect.

very nice phone,good price and came brand new works well so far only thing it did not come with an usb cable but good product

I m very dissapointed, i even dnt want to write more. May be i will write next ime if i buy

While I'm more used to smart phones, this is perfect for my mom who is in her 50s and isn't too comfortable with technology. We have found that with her, touchscreen devices are much easier for her to understand. She had another extremely-basic cell phone for several years, and couldn't figure out how to navigate the menu in order to check voicemail and never sent texts. She got this phone for Christmas, and texts me all the time now :)

Gave this to my husband on Father's Day!  He loves it.  We believe that Samsung products are made to last, very durable and easy to use.  Works great with our AT&T service.

My daughter and I got this same phone several years ago on my phone plan. We loved everything about it. I am still using my original one after 3 years and it still going strong. My daughter got her's wet and it stopped working properly. So we were thrilled to see that you could still buy one. We purchased this one and it arrived quickly. It seem great until you plug it in to charge. Every time you plug it in to charge it powers itself off and you have to power it back on.  Even when you plug it into the pc to transfer photos or music it powers off. This is not how our original ones work. This may not be a big deal to some but for her it hindered her ability to use the phone when plugged in. So we sadly had to return it. Amazon was great as always and quickly refunded our money without any fuss.

Did not get AT & T service so many of festures did not work. I do like the keyboard and ease of texting.

LIKE THE PHONE, BUT NOTICE THE SCREEN STARTING TO LIFT UP AND BUILDING DIRT UNDER SCREEN, AND WITH MY PROVIDER(T.MOBILE) WILL NOT LET ME USE THIS PHONE TO RECEIVE OR SEND PIC MESSAGE, LIKE THE CAMERA BUT CANT SEND PIC. SELLER DID OFFER FOR ME TO RETURN IT BUT I LIKE THE PHONE JUST DONT LIKE HOW THE SCREEN COMING UP AND WITH DIRT UNDER THE SCREEN KINDA SCREWS WITH THE TOUCH SCREEN.

I bought this phone to replace one just like it. Easy to operate. Touch screen is very convient.Does freeze sometimes.

If you just want a phone to just call and text that is touchscreen, this is your phone.  Doesn't really do too much other than that.  Touchscreen response is not the best, also.

I just take this phone on my trip to Barbados it works very well internationally no problems so far  ... Small and lightweight

I have placed a Solavei SIM card in the phone and after adjusting the settings it works great. Calls, texts, MMS and internet.

I was a bit skeptical about purchasing a phone on line that was refurbished. However, since it not only was available via Amazon, it also came with a warranty. I am very satisfied with my decision. The phone works great.

NOT BIG ON A LOT OF FANCY AMENTIES TO A PHONE, THIS ONE HAS JUST THE RIGHTAMOUNT.  IT IS EASY AND FAST TO LEARN AND OPERATE.THE ONLY THING SO FAR IS THAT THE CHARGE DO NOT SEEMS TO LAST A WHOLE 24 HOURS, MORE LIKE 12. SO HAD TO ORDER A CAR CHARGER FOR IT, JUST IN CASE I GET CAUGHTSHORT WHILE DRIVING.IT SATISFIED MY PRICE RANGE AND MY SIMPLE NEEDS AS A RETIRED SENIOR AND ACTIVE SCUBA DIVER.I WOULD PURCHASE ONE AGAIN.

I was using a phone that the numbers and letters were so tiny, it was so hard to use. I had a friend that had this phone and I fell in love with it and knew that it would be easy for me. I'm so happy with this phone. Everything that I do which is messaging, camera and talking is just so easy for me to use and it is a classy phone....Thanks to Amazon for making this ordering process so easy. It was so simple and this is the first time I have ever ordered online....

Don't fall for the hype. This is NOT a smart phone. It CANNOT do email or anything else web based.The battery sucks. Even with BlueTooth off, the battery ON STANDBY does not hold a charge for 24 hours.DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER THIS THING!!

This phone sucks.  I got it about two weeks ago. My biggest problem with the phone is its almost complete lack of customization abilities. The keyboard is small and when you turn it two the horizontal keyboard it sucks. Its touchy and sometimes when I hit the space button it doubles the last letter I type. I would not recommend this phone for text messaging at all.

This guy is selling Junk it was all scratched N it dident work with my SD card , I got back to him But he wouldn't help me out,

The phone is fully functional and was exactly as it was described.

Bought this to replace an older phone for my daughter.  We did not want a smart phone (she doesn't need it, come on parents) and this was the only source for half way decent non smart phones.  This phone would heat up like an oven when charging the battery, in fact it would turn off because it is too hot.  STAY AWAY

This seemed like an Ok phone...for the three hours I was able to use it. It arrived with an initial charge on the battery, which allowed me to play with it for a few hours and test out the features. The touch screen worked well, but the qwerty keyboard was very small, which made texting difficult. I'm sure this is less of an issue once you get used to it, but I have pretty small hands/fingers and had to correct one out of every four letters while texting, so if you have large fingers, this probably isn't the phone for you. Other than that, it is a good basic phone. I don't use my phone for internet, email, or social networking, so I didn't try out these features. If you care about those features and like to customize your phone, definitely read the reviews. I noticed that a lot of people complained about not being able to change things like the screensaver - I don't care much about that, but some of the pictures that pop up on the screensaver are truly cheesy. I didn't care for the standard ringtones on this phone, but I'm sure you can download something.The real problem to watch out for is charging problems. When the initial charge died and I tried to charge it for the first time, I got an error message saying 'charging stopped due to irregular battery.' I tried it with several different chargers in several different outlets and got the same error message. If I tried charging it when the phone was off, I got a different error message, saying 'charging paused. Phone temperature too high or too low', though my phone was at room temperature. A new battery did not solve this problem, so I sent the phone back. In the course of trying to solve the problem, I did some searching online and discovered that many owners of this phone had the same problem - some when the phone was new, some after a few months, some after the phone went for a swim. The phone I purchased was supposedly brand new, so it should not have had any swimming experience. I guess I'm thankful that the charging problem occurred immediately, when I could still send it back, rather than randomly after a few months like some of the reviews I have read.I don't ask much from my cell phone - only that it work when I need it, send and receive texts when I need it to, and hold a charge reasonably well. Unfortunately, this phone didn't measure up and I'm not ordering another one. It's just not worth the hassle.

The phone works fine and good for the price.Problem is the speaker phone does not work during voice calls. So I am forced to use the ear piece without a Bluetooth/hands-free.

I chose this rate because i'm very satisfied.Item arrived new with all features shown on the pictures.Congrats....I would like to recommend it to all my friends.

This phone realy did his job, it what I needed for a gift and my sister is happy with it.

This phone is really a disappointment. I've had it about a year - my wife and I both. It has many really funky features, like they didn't really have a real person test it before they released it. Here's a few examples:There's no quick & easy menu to find missed calls, or calls made. You have to push a ton of buttons to navigate your way through it.For call waiting, each time someone calls in, you have to click something to answer, then it asks again if you want to hold the existing call or hang up on the existing call - and you usually have to press and HOLD it for about 1 second, but by the time you go through that process, the other call has usually either gone to voice mail or the caller has hung up.The buttons don't often work. Especially when trying to answer or switch over.There is no easy way to access the calculator. You have to click like 5 or 6 buttons to get through a series of menus to find it.There are a few other annoyances. Those are the major annoyances, though.

Multiple phone with issues from getting wet this phone I fell in the lake with and still works very well the responsiveness for it is amazing.

I used the phone for 4 days and it gave me a lot of probelms already.I suddenly can't hear the person i'm calling and also the person i called can't hear me that well....very irritating!!!And after 4 day the screen is blurry and like snowy.......I really regret buying this product and for so much money....

I had purchased this phone through AT&T; on August of 2010. It has been roughly been two years before this phone has started glitching.It has problems with me texting and sometimes even receiving calls, the screen has gone blank a couple of times when someone was trying to call me. Yet, considering that this phone has lasted me this long it has been a good phone.Texting is responsive and when you hit the letters it vibrates, which is a nice feature of the phone that I loved and that I'm having trouble finding with recent phones today. I never worked with the internet as I didn't get a plan for web access so I can't give a review on that.But the phone is durable, I have dropped it a couple of times and it keeps going, with no problems and it has a really long lasting battery life.Charging is pretty quick and it takes just a couple of hours. They only thing I would recommend is that you must by a plastic screen cover as the screen does scratch really easily and put the phone on autolock as the Widgets on the side bar will move on their own in your pocket. Overall, this Phone rocks and it's compact, being able to fit in your regular jean pocket without taking too much space for Wallet or other things in your pocket.I'm seriously considering buying this phone again. Oh the only thing is that there is no room for a MicroSd card and the internal memory might be small for some people, and you might need a special cable they sell on amazon to transfer your pictures.

This phone is described to be unlocked, but it is not unlocked, it is a waste of money!!! It is locked to AT&T, the only good thing is that it ships fast

I am a T-mobile carrier. Once I inserted my SIM card, I was asked to put in an Unlock Code in order to use the Samsung Solstice. I never had to do this before with any other phone I've had. I had to buy an unlock code to resolve this issue, because apparently AT&T does not have the phone's IMEI on file anymore to retrieve the Unlcok code. It IS RIDICULOUS how much time I had to take care of this issue, which should have never happened in the first place. I like the phone itself, but I cannot even use it yet until I get my code to actually use it!

Direct replacement for an existing Solstice.  Easy to use touch phone, avoided activation and new contract issues.  Recommend for a low cost phone, plenty of features.

This phone is an okay phone but the texting sucks. When you touch one letter it says you touched another. I dislike this phone buy a different one!!!!!!!!!

i bought this phone on the 10th June 2013 and IT IS NOT WORKING. I have it in a case and it has never fell down. Now everytime i try to put it on it switches back off...............

so far so good...i like the messaging phones b cus they have  alot of features w out the extra charge of the data plan,  and samsung makes low radiation phones  great phone

I checked out the reviews before I purchased this phone.  Some people like it, some don't.  I decided to give it a try because I just want a regular phone, and I don't want all the extra smart phone stuff.  It turned out that this phone worked really well.  I have had it for 6 months now, and I have not had any problems.  No issues with the setup, either.

I purchased this phone knowing that is not an iphone or an android but it does the job for what you pay for.battery lasts long, sometimes i don't even charge it for days and battery keeps going, reception is good, you can't beat it for the price if you want to stay in touch and send txt msgs.thank you!

I purchased it for a friend and when I opened the box I was disappointed. It is small but very light. I was afraid I would break it especially opening it to put the battery and sim in. But can't complain too much because that's was what I got for the price. She seemed to like it because it serves her purpose. So it's OK. Next day she called and told me she loves her phone. I am happy!!Samsung Solstice A887 Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, 3G Support, 2MP Camera and GPS - No Warranty - Black

Ok so i don't own this phone at all but I'm dating someone who uses it.  Lets just say, I absolutely dred talking to her on it.  I usually have to repeat myself more than twice.  Then i get the occasionally hello hello because she didn't hear everything I said.  If you value your relationship and the other person you are talking to, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  Cell phones from the 80's have better clarity than this phone.

This phone worked just great for what I needed it for. I purchased a small adapter and used it as an MP3 player as well. The charge lasted a lot longer on this one than my new android actually. (Depending on how long I was using it to play music) The only reason I got rid of this phone is because the OS doesn't support "Angry Birds!"

I ordered a black phone for my son and we recieved a purple one.  I don't want to have to send it back and pay for the shipping and wait on another phone :(

The phones keypad does not work and the phone was used and still had contact and pictures....I purchased a NEW phone...not used.

This phone start having problems after the 1st 2 months which was not good for me or my daughter. this was a total waste of my money.

For the fact that it is a basic phone I am very pleased with this phone!! It lasted me my two years of the contract (even with my brutal use of it) and I was very happy with the quality of it. It is far from a smart phone, but if you are looking for something reliable then this is the phone for you. It survived the corners being crunched, buttons being scraped, and a countless number of drops. The battery life also runs well with having to only need to be charged about once overnight and will last for about 36 or so hours. which by my book is pretty good.Only con is its speakers are not the loudest.

At AT&T; this phone came locked and they can't operate it.  Don't buy here

Great phone, and  fingernail friendly.Wish they would  make more phones this way. If you have fingernails this is the phone for you. Real and artificials nails work. the only downside is that the manual came only up to page 60. You can download on the Samsung homepage, just put in this phone Samsung A887 and then you can download to your computer, but Id rather have the book personally.

I purchased this phone for myself a year ago and got this one for my wife. While not a smart phone it is getting her ready to take the next step. It's easy to operate. Texting is simple and easy and frankly have a lot of features that some of the more expensive phones have.

Gud but poor volume. I had to return it back because I wanna send it to Africa and you cant give anyone a poor volume phone all the way from USA lol.

This little Samsung is great for this type phone. My LG smartphone lost its sound, so I ordered this Samsung to fill in. I like it. I had one similiar to this one, but I gave it to a friend. I will definitely hang on to this one. It will be a great backup phone.

never worked from the start never buy one again sorry amazon but very bad phone. smaller then ssaided. never stayed on or once on never went off
