
good morning to all three days to have the 9700 bb this product was damaged and would not serve for anything else, according to the technician was not original plate was used ... MA is grateful to have ETHICS AT THE TIME TO SELL A PRODUCT

I bougth a Blackberry 9700 that would come with all original's accesories. But I received the cell phone on, plus a LG wall charger, nothing else!!! I'm very upset becouse the announcement said "Refurbished Blackberry Cell phone with all original's accesories". Today I'm thinking it was the delivery company or the salesman, that changed the package. Also it came blocked. I have to pay for unlock to a specialist. I'm very dissapointed with this purchase. Blackberry Bold 9700 Unlocked Phone, Quad Band, 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, GPS, and 1 GB internal storage--US Version With No Warranty. The company for delivery was Transexpress to Maracay - Venezuela.

buy this machine thinking it was new but it really is not, is off only when the battery reaches 40 or 50%. send him several times to technical service and did not detect the problem. This publication is false. teams are new on the outside and used inside

The celular look like a new phone but everytime that connect to charge, the phone turn off, also in others ocasions the cell turn of too, I take to repair and when they opened the cell we saw that the internal parts were not new. The cell always was defective...

todo muy bien producto 100% recomendable el embalaje fue perfecto y llego a tiempo a donde la pedi son personas responsables

I purchased this cell last December 2012 and although i followed the universal recharging battery guidelines the phone kept cutting off after it had reached just below the half way mark. I took it to the local cell tech and he explained that the battery was not the orginal blackberry battery but rather some cheaper brand with Chinese writing on the casing of the battery which appeared used. I never requested a used or refurbished phone and if either of the two was done, its bad business ethics.The battery was replaced and another problem developed where the phone continuously froze.

Pesimo!!!Me mando un celular que se suponia podia usar 3G en cualquier operadora, pero a la final solo servia para T-mobile por lo que la banda era otra o solo funciona para EDGE!!Ademas ke el celular era reconstruido le comenzo a fallar todo, la bateria, sonidos, parlantes, tube que gastar mas en la reparada del celular!!La verdad no recomiendo que deben comprar a este vendedor, van a terminar estafados!!!

Bought my phone from SellPhoneStop who delivered a refurbished phone that fell apart when my little daughter (2 feet tall) dropped it. Cam is no longer working, teh phone has trouble reading the memory card and the frame is all broken. Had no trouble in buying refurbished items, I'd like to know in advance though. SellPhoneStop is apparently no longer available, no wonder why! Amazon should take a closer look at the sellers because if they lie, Amazon will, eventually, lose customers.

Me llego bloquiado y lo habia comprado unlocked, la parte de la tarjeta sim no sirve, no compren en este sitio un desencanto.

Hello, I wonder if the phone is brand new as it is nowhere mentioned, and if it works 3g for Venezuela?

I WILL IT TO COME WITH CAR CHAGER, I LIKE THE PHONE IT IS IN GOOD CONDITION.T CAME THE WAY IT WAS SAID.

El telefono llego a buen tiempo y es tal cual como lo describe el vendedor, lo recomiendo 100%, animense a comprar

I'm waiting for my order arrives I can not even say anything positive or negative for now but when I have my product does not hesitate to write a review of my experience THROUGH Amazon

El producto fue comprado desde venezuela, lo recibi sin ningun problema y en excelente condiciones.Recomiendo este vendedor, muy atento.

I purchased Blackberry Bold 9700 phone from 11TH STREET WIRELESS INC through Amazon and till date this phone has given me a lot of trouble. I live in India and purchased it during my business trip and hence I couldn't return this phone as well. None of the accessories including charger, hands-free headphone seem to be functioning fine. The worst part is the battery. Even if I charge it fully, in the mid way the phone gets switched off causing a lot of annoyance. I replaced the battery once but no use. The USB charger also gives trouble sometimes. Sometimes, I am unable to open the SMS received by me and can't reply to the sender. I am using it since I paid a very good amount for it but really disappointed with this seller and even with Amazon. I am really repenting on my decision on buying this phone.I have decided not to purchase any electronics goods from Amazon henceforth since don't trust the sellers that they have registered on their website.

The bold 9700 is and excellent choice if you're looking for an smartphone not so expensive.It offers wifi, bluetooth, optical trackpad and a elegant look. The camera is just fine(3.2mpx) it runs OS5 but you can install OS6, that offers a much better experience.

I CHOSE TO BUY A NEW PHONE AND I GOT A REFURBISHED PHONE, THE OUT SIDE LOOKS FINE BUT THE INSIDE COULD TELL THAT HAS BEEN USED FOR MORE THAN A YEAR AND ITS WORN OUT, IT WAS WORKING NORMALLY UNTIL THE THIRD DAY THE PHONE AUTOMATICALLY TURNED OFF AND IT WOULDNT TURN BACK ON UNLESS I CONNECTED IT TO THE CHARGER, I BOUGHT A NEW BATTERY AND IT STILL WOULD TURN OFF SO I TOOK IT TO TECHNICAL SUPPORT IN CARACAS VENEZUELA, TO GET FIXED AFTER I SPENT A LOT OF MONEY FOR THE REPAIRMENTS IT STILL HAS THE SAME PROBLEM, IT DOESNT LAST LONG ENOUGH, THE BATTERY ENERGY COMPLETELY DRAINS AND SHUTS DOWN, I CANT EVEN TALK ON THE PHONE OR DO ANYTHING BECAUSE IT GOES OFF WHEN THE BATTERY LIFE REACHES 40% SO I GUESS ILL HAVE TO SELL IT AS A REPLACEMENT PHONE AND BUY A NEW ONE HERE...

A PHONE ACCORDING TO THE ESPECIDICACIONES, ALSO IS A NEW PRODUCT THAT IS ALL.SINCE I HAVE DONE THIS ABOUT A MONTH AND RUNNING OF WONDER.

I'm admittedly a little rough on a phone, and I &#34;go through&#34; them quickly. I keep coming back around to this phone though. I love the features and in spite of me...its toughness. Anyone needing a durable and professional phone would do well to look this guys way. ;)

excelente producto gracias!BlackBerry BOLD 9700 Smart Unlocked Phone, Quad Band, 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, GPS, and 1 GB Internal Storage--U.S. Version With No Warranty (Purchased on 10/18/2011)by BlackBerry

This was a excelnete purchase, the phone is very comprehensive and covers all the work I need day to day

Estoy muy satisfecho con el producto. Esta en muy buenas condiciones y funciona perfectamente. Espero que sigan ofreciendo productos en muy buen estado.

Receieve the Blackberry Bold 9700 on time as promised.  Learning to operate it was fairly problem free.  Like the increase onboard memory.

when I saw the packet, I felt a little diasppointed! After opened the box, I felt totally disappointed! Only the device and battery with charger, no other accesories! I checked the phone 'cause it looked like refurnished! Really, really bad condition, broken house, refurnished(it must be refurnished) screen, white point on the screen, glue trail on the side of the screen. Unbelievable they gave me such a terrible device. I was angry with that phone and return it immediately although it could work. But I still haven't gottan my refund.Worst purchase experience in Amazon. Never buy from warehouse.

buenas tardes de este pedido no tengo nada que decir nunca me llego dicen lo entregaron y nunca me dieron respuesta clara  lo compre en diciembre  y hasta la fecha no me ha llegado.  les recomiendo investigar o averiguar  para que los clientes queden satisfecho  y puedan dar excelentes comentarios

excelente

good night, the phone that you have published is t-mobile or At&t..?? because here in Venezuela t-mobile does not work on 3G

The phone, mexican edition (telcel) is OK, but the battery stopped working after two weeks of use. I compared the battery with other batteries and this one looks all worn out, and would not be surprised if it was fake.

I am very unhappy with you.I paid for an unlocked blackberry phone, only to be shipped a locked blackberry phone.If you want to live up to your so-called reputation, give me the code to unlock my blackberry or tell me how to go about unlocking it.that is cheating and unfair.I sent you an email so you can contact me that way.

To our amazement this phone came with 3 hours of data use though it was sold as brand new. the battery is half dead and does not last and it is obvious this phone has been used. we are devastated by this and we cry..shame!!!!!

While the phone is adequate (on 25% of the calls the other party cannot hear you) the worst part is it does not, and never has, been able to sync with my laptop or desktop. When they update the software it gets worse

I got a new 9700 blackberry(260us) and 1st its made in mexico, the headphone doesnt work , the battery only last 5 hours,  the internet froze, it doesnt bring the car charger, anyout its suck, amazon never again....

Received a LOCKED phone. Clearly not what I ordered and will never again buy a product from this vendor and will recommend the same to all my friends/family.

llego malo, duro 5 dias al momento de abrirlo estaba todo sulfatado y da&ntilde;ada, el equipo lo perdi.. no lo recomiendo!

Product look new and work fine. But, unfortunatly the 1 GB internal storage memory was not included in the phone as advertised.

BlackBerry BOLD 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)This is one of the best Blackberry phones and should be crowned King of the Bold series despite being almost identical in appearance to the Bold 9700. The upgraded 5mp camera, doubled internal memory and improved battery life makes this model a more refined product, however, and set it on top of the Bold 9700.

Great phone, plenty of functions but don't buy it! Disappointed when battery only lasted approx 12-14 hours, (I timed it!) and that's if your lucky! Blackberry is a great phone but I recommend you buy the new Bold or Torch. Much better, compact & with much better battery life!

Excellent buy...this was for my cousin and he is in love with it. The product arrived on time and in perfect conditions.

Last year i bought you a bold that was "NEW" and 2 moths later it starts to give all kinds of trouble so i have to pay somenone to fix it for me and when this guy fixes it he tells me that the phone is a refurbished one and you sold it to me as a new one, dont buy from him

Bought this phone directly from amazon and i was impressed.it shipped fast and free.everything in box as it said it would be.it also has 3G frequency 900/1700 and not only 850 as stated in the bio.it was a great buy along with a hard  rubber case.will probably buy another one as i sold this to make room for an android.nifty little tool especially for the Caribbean.

EL TELEFONO ESTA MUY BIEN, TRAJO TODOS SUS ACCESORIOS LO &Uacute;NICO MALO FUE LA BATER&Iacute;A, LA CUAL LLEGO DA&Ntilde;ADA, VINO LIBERADO PARA TODAS LAS OPERADORAS DE VENEZUELA.

El envio rapido. El blackberry me llego en excelentes condiciones, la caja vino con el cargador, el cable usb, los audifonos, forro, el cd con el manual,  no vino con la memoria externa. Pero no importa igual me siento muy sastifecha con mi compra. Muy buen vendedor y confiable excelente! gracias very happy

VERY GRATEFULL FOR THE SERVICE, THE PACKEGE WAS SET TO JANUARY 25TH AND WHEN II EXPLAIN I HAS LIVING EARLY HE SEND IT VERY QUICKLY.

The phone is a att phone that came up lockinstead unlock as supposed to, also the phone turn off by it self just without worning, never happened to me beforeBlackBerry BOLD 9700 Smart Unlocked Phone, Quad Band, 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, GPS, and 1 GB Internal Storage--U.S. Version With No Warranty

Good MorningPeople i need to know what brand is it? Not the network or the carriers, only if this product is the OEM No Logo Version. Straight from Blackberry can you answer me please.Thank you.

Prodctuo no fue despachado como se especificaba, no lo enviaron desbloqueado, tuvimos que devolver por ese detalla, el vendedor reintegro el dinero

Last December I bought this phone, Blackberry Bold 9700, I requested the purchase of new phone and I receive that is used, has hundreds of photos and home videos, the battery is generic, and has used a blow, while charging the battery is not fully charged.When trying to use the software submitted failures so I had to speak to a technician to update the software.I feel cheated because I bought a new product and sold me a used phone and defects.I do not recommend anyone buy phone by Amazon and less if you make the purchase from abroad it is impossible to make any claim or refund.

The phone is not unlocked, i had to pay to unlock it! The battery sucks, also the phone is refurbished! i had to buy a new battery because this phone do not recognized it!if i could turn back time i wouldn't buy this!Don't buy it!

I BOUGHT AN UNLOCKED PHONE (BLACKBERRY 9700) BECAUSE I WANTED TO USE IT IN ECUADOR BUT IT DOES NOT WORK DESPITE THAT IT IS UNLOCKED THE TECHNICIAN SAYS THAT IS A PROBLEM WITH THE ANTENNA BECAUSE THE CELLPHONE IS ALREADY UNLOCKED, ALSO I NEVER CAN USE IT BECAUSE  I DO NOT HAVE SIGNAL ON THE PHONE I CAN ACCESS TO INTERNET JUST WITH WI-FI NOT WITH CONTRACT BECAUSE NEITHER WORK, I CANNOT MAKE CALLS OR SEND MESSAGES NEITHER I CANNOT USE THE BLACKBERRY MESSENGER, IN OTHER WORDS THE CELLPHONE DOES NOT WORK FOR ANYTHING, I WOULD APPRECIATE YOUR HELP.

I never received the right item for myself. Never even received a reply. The Blackberry 9700 has very serious display problems on arrival and the trackpad refused working properly. I paid the USD 40.00 for repairs and still it wouldn't work. The money is gone and who knows how it was gotten from Hong kong.Very bad service and I feel betrayed!I never want to order anything from them again and will tell so to anyone who ask about you! I am very disappointed.

excelente telefono BlackBerry BOLD 9700 Unlocked Phone, Quad Band, 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, GPS, and 1 GB Internal Storage--U.S. Version With No Warranty by BlackBerry, buenisimo vino con una memoria de 2GB y cargador para vehiculo, quede realmente satisfecha con la compra

is a very good blackberry product, is all i have to say, i espect in the future, the new models come with a better camera

sending work to amazon and TransExpress Caracas Venezuela, is excellent. the bold9700 arrived in perfect condition and in the same condition as you buy

fue lo que esperaba, excelente producto nuevo de paquete vendedor escelente rapido llego en el tiempo indicado y a la direccion indicada

It's much better than what I expected. Delivery was fast. The phone looked like very new, no any scratch. Especially, accessories like charger, USB cable, earphone etc were wrapped in the package. I really like that. I still remember my first experience of buying cellphone on line, when I received my order, there was only a phone without any accessory even the charger, I had to buy the accessories for it lately, it was really annoying. So the product I bought this time was relatively much better.

Got this phone, and everything went ok, original packing, and original accesories, dated device, but ok for an avarage person, its just ok

Good purchase. However, I bought it as new, and battery seems to be scratched, like it's been used before.It works and the cell phone is brand new, but the battery looks like an old one.

Parecia que era nuevo, pero resulta que la Camara no funcionaba, lo lleve a reparar y cuando los tecnicos lo desarman, me percato que traia una Placa Vieja Re-Usada como que fuera RECONSTRUIDO!!! Una vez reparada la camara, al dia siguiente se arruina la bateria, Compre otra Bateria y a los 2 dias el Bendito BB No CARGABA!!!! En Fin, La Peor Estafa que han hecho!!!! Al fina, me hubiersa salido mejor comprarlo en mi pais!!! GRACIAS POR NADA, ESTAFADORES!!!

The phone came defective, have problems with the software, the 3G band only works with Digitel ... Would not recommend.

Excelente producto de buena calidad. LLego r&aacute;pido el envio y completo sin ning&uacute;n problema. No tengo ninguna queja. Continuen asi

i get what i pay for, this product was exactly what i was lookin for me thankz keep going all

WHEN I GOT THE PACKAGE IT LOOKED GREAT LIKE NEW, THE SHIPPING WAS FAST. BUT THE PRODUCT WAS AWFUL I BOUGHT IT AND WHEN I STARTED TO CHECKING THE TRACKPAD ITS USED, IT IS NOT UNLOCKED I CHECKED IT WHIT A AT&T SIM CARD AND IT WORKED BUT WHEN I PUT THE T MOBILE SIM CARD IT DID NOT. AND ALSO WHEN I TRIED TO PUT THE BATTERY ON IT, I HAD TO PUSH AND PUSH IT, UNTIL IT GOT RIGHT BUT IT WAS NOT TOO EASY, THATS  TOO BAD IF YOU ARE AN AMAZONS SELLER

I need help with my order if you could please help me so that everything can be shipped . I am very sorry and thank you .

Excelente producto, es nuevo de paquete, vino con todos sus accesorios, cargador, audifonos, estuche. La bateria llego da&ntilde;ada. Por lo demas el telefono funciona muy bien con todas sus aplicaciones. Levanta 3g con digitel ya que vino desbloqueado con las bandas 3g 1,4,8.

excelente telfono, lo comrpe usado y lo recibi en excelente estado....no he tenido ninguna clase de queja...excelente producto, muy buena marca. saludos y suerte

I ordered this product online with only a few days to spare, which meant delivery of the item was a major issue. I immediately contacted the seller via e-mail and was given the speediest response ever. they assured me that I will get my package before the estimated date and this they did. Within 2 business days I received the package, without having to pay any extra. I received EXACTLY what was advertised!!!!

buy the phone as new and I had to take a service technician, the team had problems with the keyboard and was told it was refurbished

I bought it last year. But this product use fake battery. With normal use my phone will out of battery in less than 1 day. Lolnormal BB bold battery live in 4 - 5 days.Don't buy this product

We are really happy with this kind of purchases, we can make some extra money, selling these cels to our friends out the country. I will be getting more, for sure.Seller top one.thanks

I bought a new phone and got a used one!. The power key doesn't work and the unlock key either!. The battery is damaged and when I bought a new one I found out that the charger has problems also! The phone was lock so I had to pay 200 BsF in Vzla to unlock the phone. The OS can not be upgraded so the phone will not have a better performance! I have been an amazon customer from a long time and never though that amazon could rely in such a BAD providers!. I feel I have been victim of a robbery and AMAZON should do something about this. THEY TOOK my money and I didn't get what I asked for. I could not return the item since my sister left the box (And AT&T box not a Blackberry box) in USA and brought home only the phone ! WORST BUY EVER!!!! AMAZON SHOULD DO SOMETHING WITH THIS PROVIDER and I should be able to fix this situation!

Although I was an inconvenience but thanks to God, perfect everything, even my phone but still hope. thankssss!! I hope it works well

The phone was defective not recommend anyone this seller, restarted 5 times at least one day .. bring it to a technician and he said it was the main board .. finally lost my money

Espectacularmente fabuloso, aunque llego sin caja esta en excelentes condiciones, no tiene ni un aru&ntilde;o, funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n, llego antes del tiempo anunciado, trajo adicional una tarjeta de memoria de 2 gb, esta totalmente desbloqueado, lo &uacute;nico es que solo tiene el lenguaje ingles y no puedo colocarle el espa&ntilde;ol, estoy muy satisfecha con mi compra :)

DONT BUY THIS PHONE, I BUY IT AND IS A USED CELL PHONE , LA BATERY IS NOT THE ORIGINAL, THE BACK COVER WAS DIRTY, BROKE, ITS HAVE SCRACTH, I WANT MY MONEY BACK.. THIEVESSSSSSSSS

este telefono es de buena calidad, muy bueno para navegar por internet, tambien en redes sociales, es rapido y selen las imagenes nitidas

el articulo se recibio en perfecto estado muy buen servicio seguire haciendo negocios con este proveedor en el futuro lo recomiendo

This &iacute;tem dont have 3G connection,.... I am not happy with this product, be cause  can not use all the facilities of my mobile phone network.

shoddy buy a new one and send me one rencontruido and damaged and also do crazy to answer for the product

No conforme con nada, los telefonos presentan muchos detalles y el vendedor coloco excelentes condiciones, lo envio sin cable USB y cargador generico, a parte de la cantidad de detalles en la carcasa del equipo. Cuando se realizo la compra fueron por 3 equipos el cual envio 1 y luego me repuso los 2 faltantes pero en muy malas condiciones.

the item I purchased  is useless with capital letters! The phone is freezing all the time! I took it to the specialist to repair but he did not understand the reason why the phone is freezing. I plan to return  it Back.

This company is advertising the phone as a new phone when it is actually refurbished, I purchased the phone and after receiving it the battery only lasted for 4 hours and at 40% battery level the phone would turn off automatically and would only turn on if plugged in a charging source. I reported the problem to the wireovia staff and was sent a battery the problem persisted. I then sent the phone and was told the phone would be exchanged when the 'new phone' came the same problem persisted and the phone had slight scratches the colour of the back of the phone was different from the phone itself the phone was black and the back grey. Clearly this company is selling refurbished phones as new ones. I would not advice anyone to make a purchase from this company that is if you want to buy a refurbished phone. I was very upset at however the staff at this company is very nice. But it did not add up to the fact that they are guilty of false advertisement.

excellent size, buenisima resolution, the perfect viewing messages, videos, colors buenisimo screen, I loved the table, it is best, i love it

I BUY TWO PHONES AND 0NE HAVE A CAMERA ISSUE WHEN I TAKE THE PICTURE THE PHONE RESTARTED, AND THE OTHER DOENST CHARGE DE BATTERY, WIVEROVIA MAKE THE CHANGE BUT DONT PAY THE SHIPTMENT AGAIN TO VENEZUELA, I HAVE TO PAY AGAIN, I REALLY DISSAPOINTMENT!!!

hola, lo compre como un articulo nuevo, al tener 1 semana de uso el telefono se empezo a apagar cada 30 minutos con la bateria cargada, luego quedo la pantalla en blanco, lo llevo al servicio tecnico de telefonia Movistar y me dicen que es un telefono repontenciado con pantalla generica, cristales soldados y hasta la carcasa es generica.... me siento estafada

I received the Blackberry Bold 9700 as advertised, in a brand new condition. Using the phone for some days, i noticed the camera was going on and off, also the battery will run down so fast after i just charge the phone. I immediately contacted the seller and told them what i was experiencing and they told me to return the phone for a replacement, i followed their instructions and to my surprise i got another brand new BB9700 and this one is working fine.My advice to any one buying this phone is, if you notice any malfunction in the phone, please contact the seller via mail and you will get a replacement. Safe.

El producto llego bien y en buen estado, pero lo malo es que a pesar de que en las caracteristicas dice que tiene la frecuencia de 850Mhz para que funcione el 3G (HSDPA) el que me llego no la tiene, me siento decepcionado, Amazon deber&iacute;a hacer una revisi&oacute;n muy detallada de las caracteristicas de los productos que ofrece para que no pase este tipo de situaciones, me siento estafado y si poder hacer una devoluci&oacute;n pues vivo en Ecuador

They are used cell phones. They go fooling everyone. Do not buy it's a mess. I wish I had read the reviews before buying. I cheated and deceived

The equipment brought the damaged battery and in addition it does not raise 3G, really of so many purchases it is the first time that I remain so disappointed. I hope that it does not become common, it is sad that does not come to you what really you bought.

Phone looks and works great...definitely will be buying frm you again thanks

VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE ARTICLE AS TO START THE PHONE IS NOT NEW .. THIS MARKED THE BATTERY ... FURTHER THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED NOT AGREE WITH THE EQUIPMENT AND THAT THE INFORMATION PUBLISHED BY PHONE IS A FOUR BANDS BUT THE REALITY IS THAT THE PHONE IS NOT THREE BANDS AND I USE IN MY COMPANY and to end MISSING ACCESSORIES ..MUY MALA EXPERIENCIA CON LA COMPRA DEL ARTICULO YA QUE PARA COMENZAR EL TELEFONO NO ES NUEVO.. LA BATERIA ESTA MARCADA... ADEMAS DE QUE LA INFORMACION SUMINISTRADA NO CONCUERDA CON EL EQUIPO YA QUE SEGUN LA INFORMACION PUBLICADA ES UN TELEFONO CUATRO BANDAS PERO LA REALIDAD ES QUE EL TELEFONO ES TRES BANDAS Y NO LO PUEDO UTILIZAR EN MI COMPA&Ntilde;IA TELEFONICA Y PARA TERMINAR FALTAN ACCESORIOS..

Mi experiencia es sencillamente que fui estafada por la compra de este equipo, el cual decia que era nuevo!!No lo compren, es recosntruido!!

recibi el telefono nuevo vino con todo sus accesorios lo unico que para venezuela me vino todo en ingles solo le mande actulizar el softwar y problema resuelto lo recomiendo 100%. carlos de guarenas venezuela.

PRODUCTO NUEVO DE PAQUETE TODOS SUS ACCESORIOS, RECOMIENDO TOTALMENTE AL VENDEDOR. RECOMENDADO COMPRE CON CONFIANZA, TOTALMENTE RECOMENDADO. ESTOY MUY CONTENTO CON MI COMPRA.

excelente.. muy buen vendedor.. lo recomiendo 100% muy amable y atento. el telef estaba como se indicaba, como nuevo. funciona muy bien aqui en venezuela.. muchas gracias..

excelente telefono BlackBerry BOLD 9700 Unlocked Phone, Quad Band, 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, GPS, and 1 GB Internal Storage--U.S. Version With No Warranty by BlackBerry, buenisimo vino con una memoria de 2GB y cargador para vehiculo,  quede realmente satisfecha con la compra

this celular is a imitation, no charge battery correctly, the battery is not brand blackberry, cargador is broken, is very bad

Very good product!Very good product!Good product, though the issue of the size and the quality is perfect, according to what is promoionaba.

No obtuve buen resultado, aunque el tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; en perfecta condicionesyo consulte si ven&iacute;a con las bandas 1 = 2100 MHz y 2 = 1900 MHz para 3g yresulta que solo viene con 4 y 5 = 800 y 850 MHz, lo cual no me favorece yaque las operadoras que uso solo usan 1 y 2. Por lo tanto no puedo dar una buenareferencia porque no puedo hacer uso total de las ventajas del tel&eacute;fono.Esto me sucedi&oacute; con wiroevia.

Boo-hoo better off with the 9780, camera's better and just seems to work better overall in all ways. Still a good purchase though.

The Blackberry has been working good, obviously at first I had to unlock it because when I put my chip on the phone, it did not recognized it. The only complaint that I have is about the charger. It was damaged and I did not know that I was going to receive a "travel charger", I expected the regular one, but what can I do now?That's it.

Before I ordered the phone, I email to the seller with my questions. He replied quickly and with satisfied answer. I got this phone second after I odered. The package was brand new. And the phone is also great and fancy. But after two days, there occured a probelm with the battery. After contacting with the seller, he send me a very new battery on the next day for free! How nice! It save my life! After I got the new battery, the phone starts working well again! Thanks a lot! Very nice seller!

I bought this phone because all my friends had one and I want to chat on BBM with them for free.APPS: The apps that are available for this phone are not that great, I've seen way better for the Iphone and for Android. Most of the good apps are not free. Only a few good ones are free, such as KAPLAN's GRE word app and Dictionary.com's dictionary and thesaurus.Operating system: It comes with 5.0 version of the Operating System but you can upgrade it for free to version 6.0.Memory: It doesn't have a lot of memory so you will DEFINITELY need a memory card if you want to store more than 4 songs and some pictures on it. It comes with 35MB of storage space for music and that is woefully inadequate for today's phone user. There is much more space for apps though so you won't have to worry about that.LOOKS: The phone is not very big but it is not small. Please buy a phone case and a screen protector so you can retain your phone's value and look for a long time. The keys are small but because they are kinda slanted you should not have a problem typing.Warning, this phone takes FOREVER AND A DAY to boot up so please don't turn off your phone unless you absolutely have to.BBM and BIS: You will have to dig into pocket when you get this phone if you intend to do anything with it because all IM apps, e-mail and such have to go through your Blackberry e-mail address and you will have to pay for Blackberry Internet Service in order to get the e-mail address. Depending on the carrier you use, you might have to spend about $20 extra per month for the internet service. I think that's because you have to access RIM's servers and you need to pay for that.CAMERA: The camera takes pretty good pictures. I've seen better but this is pretty good. One thing that I've never seen on another phone, so far, is the video light. The video light is rather unique and is brighter, I have tested it, than the flashlight on a Nokia phone.BATTERY: The battery life on this phone ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!! It cannot last for more than 12 hours or so. I have to charge my battery every single day and that is not cool.CALLS: You can make calls from a lot of places on this phone. The calls are not that loud but it's ok. Speakerphone is also available. You can makes notes about what happens on each call and I like that a lot. You can also do pretty much anything on the phone while you are on a call. Also, if you want to make a call and you are, for example, playing a game you can just jump out of the game, make your call and jump right back into the game without losing your progress and that's awesome!All in all, this is not the best phone ever (HTC has that) but this is a very good phone to have especially when it comes to keeping social.

It has no UMA capabilities. This model can't seem to do many the things my previous blackberry curve 9300 could do.UMA. Send pics in a text, NO EMAIL!!!  WOW!!!  It is just a big disappointment as far as phones. Blackberry sure failed with this model!!!!I now have to make the choice to down grade back to curve 9300 or spend a great deal more to upgrade to another addition that does have UMA... I'm just very disappointed in this model of blackberry.Upside is... I did get truly great service and a great price here on amazon to find this out. So... I do keep that in mind... Its not the end of the world...

El telefono lo enviaron reconstruido a los dias de uso se qyedaba pegado y la camara no funcionada y se quedaba pegado. le recomiendo tomar en cuenta la informacion dada por los clientes antes de comprar, este vendedor es un estafador

Buena compra persona responsable, sin embargo falt&oacute; tarjeta sim de 1GB, el CD y accesorios. Buen tel&eacute;fono. Lastima que lo perdi...Si puedieran Bloquearlo se los agradecer&iacute;a.Gracia por la Venta. Recomendado.

I love this phone. Very happy with this product. The phone is as described by seller. Thank you Amazon for good service. I got my  phone delivered on time as stated. I recommend this phone for anyone looking for a blackberry at a reasonable price and good service.

works like a dream, im enjoying the phone as we speak. at a best price as well my money was not wasted.

It is the worst phone I have ever gotten, cracked, peeled and broken. I am so surprised because I have been a regular customer of amazon and this is the first time I have been deceived. It beats my imagination that one can actually package a phone that is falling apart, that I would be hesitant to give out for free, lest the individual thinks I am insulting them, for sale as very good albeit fairly used @ d price of 130usd. I have had a Black berry curve for over 2yrs that has taken a lot of beating from my 2yr old and it is looks new compared to this one I bought on amazon.I have never written a review but I usually read them before making a purchase, sadly I didnt read reviews before making this and it has cost me plenty.I have requested for a refund but from their policy, I think getting one is as good as camel passing the eye of a needle.To say I am upset, angry and disappointed is an understatement. I just writing these so others can learn from my mistake. If the miracle do happens and they refund even part of my money I would update on it.
