
does anybody knows how to unlock this cell phone? does anybody have password? i purchaised this telephone i want to activate in abroad

Motorola Droid was new and works perfectly. This Droid was purchased as a gift to replace the same model that my friend lost.

It is exactly what I was looking for.  Overall, I am very impressed with the look, feel and features of this phone.  I can't think of anything negative about this cell phone.  It has a great layout, is easy to use.  The screen size is great and the full slide out keyboard is my fave!  My old cell phone was completely outdated, even though it still functioned great I needed an upgrade!  I was looking for a well built, nice looking, easy to use phone that has all of the latest features.  This phone replaces at least 4 items for me: It is my phone, my camera (5megapixels), my gps, and acts as a smaller version of a tablet.  The best part of purchasing a used phone on amazon is the great price I received.  I have been shoppig around for a phone (I need a no contract phone, cuz I'm not into being locked in) and prices for similar phones were $600-$800.  No way was I going to pay that price!  I was able to save so much money by purchasing this phone through Amazon.  My total cost was around $65.00 and I can hardly tell this phone has been used.

I bought it, because a lost my Iphone and to buy another one even with the insurance was to expensive for me , and after I seen many phones I decide the Droid A855 , and I am please that I did it.

was happy for the first month then my screen light went out on phone and not able to do anything with the phone after it blacked out.

I ordred this phone for my daughter who has been asking for a Droid all summer. I finnaly decided to order her one for Christmas and to her dissapointment and mines, there was no battery!!! The phone looked used although it said it was new. There was no manual or guide book enclosed as well!!! I think I got jipped out of $100 for a used phone!!!

Note to P. Thompson: I am not a Droid owner but saw no way to post a comment. If you don't like the phone, just de-activate it and put a non-smart phone back on your line, no data package needed!

The phone is new but it freezes to much. It loses signal in the wrong areas. My other phones that I purchased never dropped calls or signal as this phone. If I'm on a call I can't answer.

While I was prepared to consider a poor review i gave this seller, I didn't need to concern myself.  They removed my dissatisfied comments anyway.  The product mailed to me was DAMAGED and didn't work as advertised.  After I posted the poor review they emailed me with a request to removed my negative comments.  Yes, they did offer to send a replacement product, but with the qualification that I remove my negative comments.  While I considered this, they removed my negative review anyway.  I'm of the opinion that if you provide poor product you should replace it without qualification. When the service is done well the review will reflect it.  I won't be trusting this seller again and neither should you.

This phone is a good replacement for my Razor, a bit slower but I would certainly purchase again if I had to.

This phone does not work propperly. My daughter is very disappointed in it and I will be returning it. The icons can't be deleted on the home screen. When phone is powered off it turns back on automatically. When trying to use some of the settings features, phone does not work properly. I got my android phone and was very happy with it but this phone not so much.

The Droid X that I got was good for a while then it became possessed and started calling and texting and surfing the web on its own and when i opened up any app, accuweather opened. I emailed the company and told them what was happening.I had even used the phone about 3 and a half weeks. But there was a statement on the packing slip that if there was a problem within a month to let them know. I got an email back (on a Sunday) that said a new phone would be in the mail on Monday for me. Very very happy! Great customer service!

Motorola makes one of the best cellphones on the market,and with Android system you have tons of free application and simple to use. looking for a cell thise is the one to buy and if you buy from Amazon.com  you can,t goo wrong . thanks

The phone came on time and I tried it out and it was working well. I should note that the 16 GM SD card that was supposed to be included was not. So amazon gave me a refund for that part. Additionally, I found out that verizon requires you to have a data plan when you have a smartphone and this is not something I am interested in. So I decided to return the phone which was an easy and painless process and I received my refund within 2-3 days.

Phone is in excellent condition, works well. The only thing I did know was that I'd need SN SD card. Still great deal, great service!

I needed a different phone and this was a fair phone for the price.  It doesn't have a SIM . I know this is an old phone so what do I expect?  Delivery time was 10 days, which was too long.  I tracked the delivery and it said it was delivered Fed Ex, it had a delivery time, but no place where it was left.  I was going to followup with FED Ex the next day to see where it was left.  Surprise!!!  The phone was in my USPS mail box the next day.

It was broken when it came in the mail. I tried taking it to various locations but no one could fix it.

I didn't like this phone very much. It was too slow...had to press on an app more than once for it to open. I also had to wait for the screen to load on the homepages in order for me to 1) see what was on the page and 2) so I could swipe across the screen to a different page. I sent it back.

Works Great! it freezes from time to time which can be frustrating but its to be expected from such an old phone

Love it, My daughter is going to have a fit... Actually I'm a little jealous !! She needs to give it to mama:)

I just wonder why the screens home, search, menu, and back buttons don't light up as bright as my other Droid I bought new from wirefly. Also this phone came with a different charger than the one that normally ships. Should have been the one with the USB to wall adapter. But all in all for the price I can't complain. Don't sell something as new if it's not. 3 stars

Ordered this as a quick replacement phone but ended up not getting what i thought it was. 1. doesnt work with SIM cards 2. searched for this under tmobile cell phone and its Verizon and 3. it didnt come with any shipping infonow i have to return it and wait for another. truly heart breaking

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME.!! IPURCHASED MY DROID LAST YEAR IN NOVEMBER AND IS STILL USING IT TIL THIS DAY.!! THE SHIPPING WAS GREAT TOOK ROUGHLY ABOUT A WEEK.!! I WAS KIND OF NERVOUS ABOUT GETTING THE PHONE AFTER READING THE REVIEWS BUT I DECIDED TO GO AHEAD ANYWAY.!! MY PHONE IS AN UNLOCKED PHONE AND I AM USING A TMOBILE SIM CARD.!! I HAD TWO PROBLEMS WITH THE PHONE AND THAT WAS NOT RECIEVING PICTURE MESSAGES AND NOT BEING ABOUT TO GET ON THE INTERNET BUT A CALL TO TMOBILE CUSTOMER SERVICE FIXED MY PROBLEM.!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE ITS WORTH THE MONEY.!!

It workk like it's not new it freezes up does what it want.. The phone is alright except for the fact it's a brand new phone and it doesn't operate like one..

Product is excellent I dropped this phone (accidentally) And it's like a tank it still fully functionalBut the Droid incredible Is justa  tad Bit better

For the most part, the phone works. We got this phone because my husband loves this specific Driod. It does what it is suppose to do, as in make calls and text. However, it is not a new phone. It was a refurbished phone. I worked at a cell phone store and my boss had told me it wasn't new. I can't get mad and be surprised at the fact it wasn't new because better models of it have came out since. I guess you can say it is worth the 100 from working at a cell phone store. I would not suggest you buy it if you are expecting it to be iPhone status. Its a good phone but keep in mind that it is older and there are upgrades of this phone for a reason.

Well i got this phone to replace my blackberry phone that was falling apart, i had to go back to it 4 days afgter i received the phone.i was too lazzy to follow the return process. the back part peeled off. All the buttons from the far right are not working. Slow as hell and i cant take pic because apparently all the sd card i put in this garbage are full.  Just a  disaster.

On the downside, this phone (which was a gift), did not work after the first 10 minutes.  The screen went blank and wouldn't respond to anything.  On the upside, the seller immediately agreed to a refund.  Nice gesture.  Lowsy gift.

got this phone. love it. arrived on time and great condition. always wanted a droid. was able to activate it on prepaid service which is fantastic. phone looks new. great job guys!

The qwerty keyboard my fingers are too big to use keyboard right.The touch screen was a problem as i touched a spot it wouldn&#34;t connect me to the letter i was trying to press.

Phone is in satisfactory condition. It was well taken care of haven't activated but when I do I with let you know about its performance.

I'm only writing this review to specifically be addressed to CheapCellPhoneReplacement:You really can't beat a deal of $40 for this Droid.Another thing you can't put a price on is the customer service that CheapCellPhoneReplacement gave. When I ordered this phone, it came obviously used (wear and tear, some scratch marks, etc.), but that's to be expected for a $40 phone. But the thing is, the touch screen was failing at spots, and after a week, the back button/home button gave out. So I couldn't navigate through the phone; I could only text back when receiving texts, or call back from calls I missed (I wasn't able to open the phone to answer calls).So I emailed Mark (the head guy of CheapCellPhoneReplacement) about it, and I just got a &#34;new&#34; phone mailed to me to Shippensburg University. I literally just activated it five minutes ago, so I haven't called/texted/etc., but the touch screen seems to work great, and it looks like a new phone for the most part.Great phone, even if it's an old Droid. One downside is that there isn't any Swype....my last two Droids had Swype and that was the greatest......but oh well. It's $40.Buy from CheapCellPhoneReplacement and save money!

The phone I got does not work right. U have to have the speaker phone on to be able to talk to someone

love it need more like this will tell people about ya i think ya have good phone people can trust

I have had several Motorola phones and I consider the Droid to be a good product but this model is a disappointment.  It is very slow, the battery discharges quickly, the touch screen is not very receptive to touch, and the picture quality is somewhat inferior.  I like my old Droid X much better than this phone.  This item is not worth the cost.

The Droid is alright...pretty slow and glitchy even with no apps. But after you put 1 or 2 apps it..is...AWFULLY SLOW!! Call quality is awful, keyboard is ok...when it doesn't delay! Bad phone for kids & teens that like games and fun, ALRIGHT for buisness people who have paitience for these kinda things. It doesn't matter who or where you buy it from, you will be getting a crappy slow phone, by getting the droid 1. trust me!!! i bought the Sony Xperia PlaySony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)

I purchased this phone as a graduation gift and she loved the phone but within a couple of months the charging port messed up. The entire charging port came completely out of the phone so now she is not able to use the phone and I do not have the money to purchase her another phone so as of now she still don't have a phone.

First, and most importantly, this phone works well as a phone.  It gets better service than does anyone else's phone I've compared it too, even the newer DroidX.  The speakers are both loud and clear and people rarely claim to have a hard time hearing me (sometimes going down the highway in my '96 diesel pickup, but that's to be expected.)  It's easy to answer calls.  It's a little frustrating to make calls sometimes, because when you tap on the "phone" icon, you don't always get the keypad (sometimes you get recent calls, favorites, or contacts).It's incredibly durable.  It's taken a three foot fall onto asphalt, an almost five foot fall onto tile, and numerous falls from a shirt pocket when I bent over (the dangers of switching from a Velcro flapped pocket to an open pocket).The hard keyboard is too flat to easily feel the individual keys.  The top row is too close to the screen making it difficult to depress the keys on the top row.  The keys lack a truly positive tactile response.  It's fatiguing to reach the middle of the keyboard with my right thumbs due to the four-way rocker button placement on the right side of the keyboard.  In my opinion, they would have done better to place the four-way in the middle of the keypad, separating the keys at the middle.  The virtual keyboard is too cramped for me to easily use, although I can use it with word correction (I have no trouble using the virtual keyboard on the DroidX).  I have small to medium hands for a man.I've had the phone almost two years and the display does not seem to be as bright as it once was.  When I first got the phone it was a bit of a challenge to see the display in full sunlight, now it's pretty much impossible to see.  The battery life is still excellent.  I can still get two days of use out of one charge if I don't use it too much.

I am not good with new tec. but I love this phone better than any I have tried in a long time,just wish it came with a book so I new what all it can do

The texting is the only thing that worked on this phone the day after my son received it. The first day he could hear some of his calls, the second day he could not hear anyone calling him. So he can only send and receive textmessages on it. Big let down for him and us.

I have to admit I was kind of skeptical about ordering my husband a cell phone from some place other than my provider, BUT I can happily say that the whole experience was worth-while. The order, shipment and product was easy and exactly what it's supposed to be. Shipping of the product was fairly quick and the package arrived in great condition. The phone has worked perfectly as well. Actually I'm thinking about buying the exact product for myself!

It came very used already, a complete eyesore, and honestly I think I ended up taking it apart and making magnets out of the small electronic components within it.I still do have though a Droid with a slide-out QWERTY and couldn't imagine my life without it, this particular one bought used was just entirely way TOO used really letting me down.

Its a real nice phone for the price we got it at thanks :) I would buy from the seller again was real worried but it was great

The phone iys self is nice but there was not enough detail in the description so its a little too small for my hands no matter my girlfriend needs a new phone anyway. But the real reason fo the one star is becaUse once the didn't seend the battery with the phone andtwo in the description it ses there will be a 16 gig sd card with it not only was there not but when I. Called to tell them about the battery it took a week for them to resond by email not a call and he told me that they couldn't and would n oit be sending thye sd car because they /don't provide thouse even though it said they did in.  The description when I complained and pointed this out he said he would refund me ten dollars even though. The sd card cost 30 and to top it off I never got the refund. will never buy from this seller againn and I will not be recomending it to anyone els

I bought this phone for my boyfriend for his birthday. He wanted a smart phone that doesn't need a contract.  So I bought him this phone sense that's what it says " no contract" so when we got the phone we got ahold of Verizon to see what kind of minutes need to be put on the phone. And because of the type of phone it is he would have to be on a contract. Killed the whole purposes of getting the phone.  We returned it.

The Good: Excellent design, lots of power, superb features from Google, amazing cameraThe Bad: App store is still young, processes running in the background kills battery life, keyboard is a bit cumbersomeGoogle as been known for revolutionizing the internet and now they are with their Android phones. The Motorola DROID (A855) is the newest and most advanced phone on the market right now, and this bad boy does an awful lot. A lot of people are going to compare this phone to the iPhone, but the DROID trumps the iPhone in features, and freedom. I will discuss, first, the tech specs and compare them to the iPhone head-to-head so you can see how powerful the DROID truly is.Techno BabbleThe DROID has a 550 MHz processor, and to be specific the Arm Cortex A8 processor that is also present in the iPhone 3GS by Samsung. The 3GS is clocked only 50 MHz higher and can be overclocked to 800 MHz. To compare that the original Xbox has a 733 MHz processor. So can the DROID be overclocked to this as well? Most likely. With a monster processor the DROID can multitask and has one of the first actual mobile OS (besides Windows Mobile 7). This also means maintaining processes running in the background to gain battery life, uninstalling apps (not just deleting them), and a lot more, but we'll get to that later. The iPhone however can not multitask due to the OS running on it, and the processor is only used in games.When it comes to graphics the DROID still hasn't been pushed to its limits. There are very few 3D games on the Android market, but as of right now the iPhone stomps the DROID in the graphics department. The DROID has a 200 MHZz PowerVR SGX 530 GPU. The iPhone has the same, but due to the slightly better CPU is can currently outperform the DROID. The iPhone has been on the market for quite some time, so there are bigger better games available. The DROID should start getting the same quality soon. They both have 256MB of RAM, so under the hood they are pretty much the same.The DROID has a slightly bigger screen sizing in at 3.7' and the iPhone at 3.5'. Does 2 millimeters matter? Yes it does. There is a good 2 millimeters on the top of the iPhone that could be screen, but for some unknown reason it's not. The DROID has a higher resolution of 854480 and 265 ppi (pixels per inch). The 3GS has a 320480 resolution with only 163 ppi so the DROID has double the resolution of the iPhone. That is great for people wanting to watch high-res movies on their device.Both devices have the same input such as the 3 axis accelerometer (tilt sensor), digital compass, Multi-touch display, proximity and ambient light sensors etc. The DROID is a bit heavier than the 3GS, but only by 1.2 oz. The DROID wipes the floor with the 3GS' camera. The DROID camera is 5MP compared to the 3GS 3MP. The DROID has dual LED flash, and geotagging and it can even run higher than 30 FPS. The 3GS has all this except the dual LED flash and this is a huge plus.When it comes to storage the DROID wins with its external memory option. You can insert up to a 32GB micro-SD card, but you're stuck with the 3GS' internal memory and have to pay a huge price for more. The DROID even comes with a 16GB micro- card when you buy the phone. So when it comes to comparing junk under the hood they both have the same hardware, but the DROID has the extra tidbits that push it over the edge.GUI: Graphical User InterfaceThe DROID has an excellent GUI and the whole marketplace is run by the community. There are programs such as PandaHome, OpenHome, GDEHome etc that allow you to change "themes" for a small price or for free. These also change icons, clock widgets etc. The DROID has a great interface that is more like a computer that gives you a desktop, then a slide up menu where all your apps are stored. You can drag and drop as you see fit. The iPhone, however, is plagued with the mundane Apple OS that only show apps in a grid format with a black background. Sure you can change your "wallpaper" but this is only when the phone comes out of sleep mode so it's rarely seen. This makes every iPhone look the same so the DROID wins in customization by a long shot. There are four touch buttons located at the bottom of the screen which are your back button, menu, home, and search. You will use these buttons a lot so Motorola and Google were smart to put these here.Apps: Who's Better?It all comes down to the apps. Who has more right? Well the iTunes marketplace has hundreds of thousands of apps that the DROID doesn't have so the iPhone wins there. However, the Android market is ever-growing, and thanks to the user run community a lot of great apps are showing up that the iPhone can't run. These include a lot of customization apps and loads more. Apps are easier to run on the DROID since there is no iTunes type program. The app store is run off the phone, downloaded from the phone as well. If you don't want an app anymore you go to your settings and uninstall it. Google also allows you to refund anything you buy within 24 hours and Apple does not support this. While iTunes may have more stuff, Android has better customer service and a better community and setup. There are really no "hardcore" games for the DROID like there is for the iPhone, but it's getting there. You do not want to get a DROID for a gaming system just yet for sure; stick with your iPod/phone.Features: Welcome to Google TownThe DROID has a lot of little things going on in it. You can do everything a touch screen phone can do, but it also has a slide out QWERTY keyboard. The buttons were a little flat and the top row is hard to get at if you have big fingers, but it works well. If you tilt the phone sideways you can type with a landscape keyboard or use Google text-to-speech. I found this feature extremely useful when typing long messages or writing reviews for apps. Since this is a Google phone you get all their awesome apps such as Google Earth (yes it's in 3D and you can see every detail), and Google maps. Switch to your "car app" and press navigation. Speak your selection (i.e. Phoenix, Arizona) and Google will give you directions for a car, bus, or walking (God forbid you walk that far!). Press get navigate and the phone will speak you the directions. It doesn't update in real-time, but it does update as you drive down each block.Google Sky is a fun app that lets you point your phone in the sky and it will show you, in real-time, where each constellation and planet is. You get plenty of excellent Google apps such as Gmail, YouTube (yeah Google owns YouTube), and Google Goggles which allows you to take pictures of products or objects and the phone will scan it and search it for you. There's even a Google search bar on the desktop with a text-to-speech button next to it. Brilliant. There are plenty of other apps such as the Amazon store, eBay, Bank of America, MLIA, FML, and even ShopSaavy. This app allows you to scan a barcode and it will tell you where you can find it cheaper online or locally. Of course you have all your social networking apps like Twitter, Facebook, and MySpace which run great.When it comes to things like ringtones, pictures, and videos, so the DROID delivers. You can store any MP3, or picture and set them as wallpapers, notifications, or just ringtones. Mount your SD card via USB and just create the folders. No having to sync with a program on the PC. Total freedom is what Google gives you and this is what I love.Problems: It's Not PerfectThere are some issues with the DROID, but not many and they are minor. The biggest one is the running processes in the background that can kill your battery even in sleep mode. You have to get the Advanced App Killer app and every so often check everything you don't want running and kill the apps. Another problem I ran into was that since most of the apps are user made they can be glitchy and screw up your phone so watch out and read reviews before downloading anything. You could say that the major issue is the app store. There is a lot of apps, but some of it is junk. There aren't any excellent games available, and the app store doesn't have any sort feature except Top Paid, Top Free, and Just In.For a $550 phone (if you pay for it without  a plan) the DROID delivers and trumps the iPhone in every direction except the apps. The DROID is a very advanced phone, and is for people who love using their phones constantly and make it a part of their every day life. With a sleek design, excellent features, sturdy hardware, and monster processing power the DROID should be the #1 phone in 2010.Update: 10/15/2011Now after I have had this phone for 18 months I don't like it as much. The phone started having issues with serious lag, slowdown, and just hardly responds anymore. The touch screen lost sensitivity after about a year, plus the hardware is ancient compared to what is out now. Due to that all the apps are now optimized for higher end phones so the Droid is left in the dust.Overall the phone just doesn't really work anymore internally. It won't come out of sleep mode some times, won't answer calls, turns off randomly, and the internet is just impossible to surf due to the now weak processor. Hardware wise it has stood the test of time with many drops, slides, fumbles, and kicks. Not a single crack or anything, but thankfully this phone is now discontinued. If you have the original Droid you are probably finding the same problems even after a factory reset. The phone was great 22 months ago, but now I just absolutely hate this thing. If I were to amend my score I would give it a 4/10 now, but of course that's unfair and should be remembered for how great it was at the time of release. Did I also mention that the appraisal price for the phone is about $20 now-a-days?

This phone is horrible! I dropped it once even with an otterbox on it and it quit working I suggest the droid eris. Its cheaper and a way better phone!! Trust me on this one.

I bought this as a replacement phone for my daughter. The battery life is terrible. The picture quality is terrible. Horrible phone!

The product didn't workI was not able to use it and was a big headache.Not worth it its better to buy in store

I was looking for my first smartphone without a contract to activate on Verizon in "new condition" for around $100 and found it.  Good deal, fast service-received it four days after purchase, and the phone is working great so far.

THE PHONE WORK FOR ABOUT A WEEK AND THEN THE PORT WHERE YOU PLUG GO'S IN BROKE SO NOW IHAVE A DEAD PHONE . I PRAY THAT THEY DO RIGHT

For a used phone, it's pretty great. It didn't come with a !# card, but they're cheap anyway. Great seller and cheap prices. I would definitely buy this phone again if I needed a replacement.

Phone works okay, so so. I can't expect any better because I didn't pay very much for it. I guess it's true when they say you get what you pay for.

I had this thing for two months, and took it back to Verizon.  They didn't want to take it back but did.  This phone is fast on the internet, but it has too many 'quirks'.  If I moved it, it would load a program of it's chice and I was constantly having to use the back arrow to get where I started.  IT HATES non gmail email accounts.  Mine developed an error box pop up after ahwile that wouldn't stop popping up.  Each time I received a Yahoo email, this error box would pop up.  Also, it calls numbers RANDOMLY on it's own.  If they could just fix these huge things, it would be the greates phone ever.  And, btw that $350 etf is the pits.

We bought this used phone for my son to use after his previous phone stopped working.  He had a lot of trouble with it from the start.  We didn't expect a perfect phone for the price we paid.  But, it was much worse than we thought.  It would shut down intermittently, lock up, not receive calls, give random error messages, and do some unexplainable things.  He was glad to get a replacement for it!

It is in excellent shape. Glad to have it . It is nicce to have a spare phone to have in case we are in areas that the one phone doesnt work.

I am "another" victim of the touchscreen on my Droid phone failing. The phones features and design were excellent for a phone made at that time. The keyboard keys were just about perfect for my fingers and I loved the control pad. But I'm rating this phone quite low, because of hardware and Motorola customer support failure. This is my second phone in 11 months. The first time the screen just went dark. I didn't drop it nor get it wet, it just failed as it was charging via the Motorola brand wall charger. I was able to get a replacement with the $50 deductible. Again overnight, the phone fails. This time the touchscreen acted as if I was hitting it in different areas. I couldn't even turn it off without just removing the battery. I was able  to use it via bluetooth though. That is until I took it to the Verizon store and they tried to reset it. Now it needed to be activated and that can't be done without the touchscreen. The insurance has refused me and somehow (even though it has only been 11 months since I bought the original phone) my 1year manufacturer's warranty has expired. I've since replaced the phone with a non-Motorola alternative.

My Fiancee needed a phone Badly and he was ...in between phones.However This was an Amazing turnaround this phone arrived,Before His carrier could get one delivered!!!! No problems!!! This phone was in immaculate condition,and He decided this phone was  practically brand new  and he would not be purchasing another phone .I will be a repeat Customer!!!And for anyone who buys from this seller.....YOU ARE IN GOOD Hands!!

I really like my new phone...has everything I need, Wish it was a little sleeker but really have no complaints, I really just use it for basic things, nothing too technical.

I found the droid after a search on Amazon for "no contract, no data plan".  Neither is true.  I went to 2 different Verizon Stores and both tell me that a minimum of $80 a month is required for ANY smartphone.  I have to return the phone.  I can't believe there are so many people willing to pay $80 a month for phone service!  I just want a replacement phone with a little technology to replace my old misbehaving phone.

I got this for my teenaged son.  We were in between renewals/upgrades and his last phone broke.  He LOVES this phone. it is great, works great.  really fast.  great screan size and pitcher.

It's fine but it lags a lot. I had to replace it with a nexus because the screen went out. If you want a phone that'll last you 3 months before it goes out. Get this one.

My son had the same phone two years ago. We purchased it brand new, therefore I still had many of the accessories including the dock and charger. This was a plus because the charger that I received did not work.. When charging the phone I must keep inserting the charger into the connector, because this phone does not charge well. In addition, there was no SD card in the phone. I hope that theses issues are the only ones. I would have appreciated honesty from the seller.

I love this new phone, I can keep up with my small business with out my laptop !! Would diff buy this again when I up-grade

When we recieved the phones, one of the 2 was in great condition.. the second phone however was not. There were very noticable scratches on the phone, that wasnt the problem.. the problem was when you get to the main menu screen the screen keeps jumping. You cannot even press the option you want until the jumping stops. Am not a very happy buyer!!

this phone i bought for my husband and he had it til his upgrade then i have it now! Great!

I just bought this phone  10/11/12.Phone is ok, but camera quality  for pictures taken on the inside is fair at best. Screen glare is horrible in sunlight and the phone is a bit heavy for my taste. However with that being said , I have no other problems with it and it works very well.

love the phone it's still not activated but it's amazing, there was no problems, with the order i love the droid. i am not used to the iphones ipods no more.

Ordered it on Wednesday, got it on Friday, probably because I wasn't planning on using it right away.  The phone was rooted when I got it, so I had to flash it back to the original operating system, which worked fine.  Activated it in two hours on Page Plus network.  Phone has a nice heavy feel, doesn't feel cheap and flimsy like other Androids I've owned.  Would recommend this phone, and especially this seller (Eenaphy) to anyone.

The Droid A855 arrived timely and in excellent condition; However I could not use this cell phone because I am with a different phone carrier. This mix-up was not the seller's fault; Yet, I returned this product and received a full refund without any type of negative retail hinderance. I would definitely buy from this seller again!

Best part about the phone, it was 29.99. However, it was dirty and in horrible condition. The screen doesn't work very well and there was water damage at some point to the phone. At the very least, clean the phone off. I needed a phone since my speaker isn't working anymore so I guess I will be looking for a new phone.

I ordered this as a gift for my boyfriend, but a couple of days later pieces started falling off. And as of now the whole volume side button is off.

This phone broke almost immediately after I bought it. Verizon wouldn't replace it even though it was obviously an operating system malfunction.ATT has been working out pretty well though. Just give in and buy and iPhone.

The only problem I have is that the mute button it sensitive. I often hit the mute button when talking to someone and end up talking to dead air.

The phone lasted less than a week.  I was going to send the phone back, but we are in the middle of a move and cant find box. You can barely hear the person calling you. Texting is the only way to use the phone.

GOT THIS PHONE AN IT HAD NO BATTERY NO SM CARD NOSCREEN PROTECTION THE SCREEN LOOKS LIKE A GRAY CHALK BOARD! NEEDLESS TO SAY IT WILL BE GOING BACK ! IT IS NOT NEW LIKE THE SAID!

My son was disappointed when his Droid A855 was damaged by a bottle of water in his backpack while on a recent field trip.  He was delighted that we were able to find one online that was in great shape and affordable.  We couldn't be more happy with the purchase.

so many problems didn't work from the jump, had a replacement battery and it lasted 4 days sent it back and got a refund. wasn't worth trying again

the droid is a pretty good phone it is my 2nd smart phone (the first one being a palm pixi) it is decently fast when browsing the Internet but it is laggy sometimes. but other than that is is really good

This was a bday gift for my boyfriend, who had a very old and dis-functioning flip phone. I thought this would be a great phone to help him slowly modernize,since he's still attached to the qwerty, and update him into the world of smart phones. I worked great for a month but has slowly been acting glitchy and he's only been using it maybe a little longer then 2 months

phone works like normal except I have no volume in the speaker phone so I have to make due with it on vibrate.

Got this for my daughter and she loves it. This is her first smartphone and she is enjoying it and likes all the apps and free games. This is also my first experience with a smartphone and they do not hold battery life very long in comparison to basic phones but it lasts us all day until we get home to recharge.

worst thing i bought on amazon and i shop on here a lot . the phone only worked for a week and didn't want to turn on after i plugged it up for hours and still nothing

I love this phone. It works great, the touch screen is amazing and the interface is awesome. The phone works really well and everything works. I am happy with my purchase of this phone and the only complaint is that I have to learn a new phone!

Well I recieved the phone and it was supposed to be new. So I expected a Motorola box along with everything that it would come with. I got a generic box with a made in China wall charger(not Motorola) and a beat up looking Motorola battery. But even after the dissappoinment of not having all origional and new equipment I gave it the benefit of the doubt. The phone appeared to be in &#34;newish&#34; condition. There were no major scratches and everything appeared to look good.  So I plugged in the phone using the charger they provided and let the phone charge so I could check it out. I left to run some errands and came back and much to my dissatisfaction the phone wouldn't even boot up. It would flash the Motorola sign and then shut down again. So after all the anticipation of having a new phone I was utterly disappointed and on top of it I had to pay to send the phone back. This was my first and now my last time that I buy an electronic item from the internet.

The original droid (a.k.a. OG Droid) was one of the most revolutionary devices that ever hit the market. It is still a decent phone, especially if you root and put a custom ROM on it. I just use it as an emulator for NES and SNES games and just messing around with it. I personally like the keyboard and the D-pad on it is just fun to use. I highly recommend this item. I also got it from Amazon Warehouse, and Amazon always seems to have items in superb condition.

I bought the phone and 4 days later it was here ,very happy with that! I love the fast touch screen ,dead-on accurate, it just feels good to the touch. The Battery doen't last as long as I'd like ,but i can fix that somewhat. the turn off and on button will take some getting used to ,(don't really care for that ) and the key board is flat and hard to see ,no light ... I do love it thou~~

The phone arrived in a very timely matter works perfect so far... Exactly as described by seller.. It is a heavy phone but personally I love the phone I had one before and I had it for a long time.... Great phone If you want a smart phone but still want a key board.

This phone shows signs of a LOT of wear, and was not what I ordered.  The phone I ordered was classified as in &#34;good&#34; shape minimal minimal signs of wear. The edge of the phone &#34;around the glass&#34;.. was worn to bare metal and had rough edges as if someone slid the phone across concrete or something roughThe sliding mechanism for the keyboard is in very bad shape, and catches and drags with a lot of swivel from side to side in it. you have to slide the keyboard out slowly or it hangs.Very disappointed in this vendor and will not believe their rating system anymore, I paid &#34;extra&#34; to get a phone &#34;based on their rating system of GOOD&#34;... same phone listed in &#34;fair&#34; condition was cheaper.I suspect they only had a limited quantity of phones and sent this one even though it did not meet the &#34;guidlines&#34; for good.Will NOT be buying from this vendor every again.

As others have stated, this phone is good when it works.  However, I'm on my second phone in a little over a year...My phone also acts "possessed."  Out of nowhere, it just starts pushing buttons, pulling the screen to the side...you can imagine how annoying this is...it hangs up in the middle of a call or dials someone while I'm just sitting there.I had this issue with my first phone, which Verizon replaced under warranty.  The replacement phone worked for a few months, but started up with the same behavior.  I'm no longer in warranty.I tried resetting both phones to factory multiple times, not installing any apps or my SD card...nothing worked, so it wasn't an issue with some app or my data.Not that anyone is still buying this phone since it's so old, but if you are thinking about it...don't!

I was happy when this phone arrived. It arrived in a timely manner and ready to activate, but have been having some trouble with it.I have trouble opening apps sometimes and also phone doesn't always function as expected. I could be in the middle of a call and the screen turns off so I cannot activate speaker function or even hand up. Today I had to remove my Kindle app because it just won't open anymore (it was very sluggish before). I also removed facebook because I think this phone just can't handle all of the technology.I had a Droid 2 global before this phone and it worked very well. Unfortunately after my screen went blank on the Droid 2, I had to purchase another phone and didn't realize this phone is a predecessor to the Droid 2 Global. I do plan to return it if I can get a replacement that is to my satisfaction.

This phone is just amazing. The speed, and the looks are just great. When I first put in the charger, and saw that red eye, I knew I was in love with the phone. Very happy with the phone overall. I was bothered to Activate the phone with a "special call" but I got around it, and now I'm enjoying the phone. 5/5 :D

Battery cover would not close correctly from day one.  You have to take the battery out to get it to unfreeze from time to time.

Got this phone as a replacement for my girlfriend, she liked it, but wanted a 4g phone so I took it over and got her the 4g. It has a lot of features I do not use and honestly it is more phone than I need, as my previous flip phone was more than acceptable for my needs.

this phone is pretty good. i been use it for a lil while now.  i hate that it freezes sometimes but it works perfect. i love how the music can play loud and it has a keyboard lol

The phone itself was in very good condition but there was no instruction book with it so I was a little lost with how some things on the phone worked.

THANKS SO IT TOOK SO LONG FOR THE REVIEW, I THOUGHT I DID THIS ALREADY BUT I SO LOVED THIS PHONE BUT IT OVER WITH NOW, I HATED TO LOSE IT

I ordered my phones (yes two) on Jan 12th and had them in hand Jan 15th which makes me very happy, I have yet to activate them but look forward to doing so tomorrow and will update my feelings on this purchase but as it stands now I am very pleased with the look of the phone and the fact that even though they are used they are really in good condition, one is a little more "used" than the other but still in fair condition and couldn't beat the price. So pending activation I am one happy customer's............ok I got the phones activated through Verizon and so far they are working good and it is easy to use. Still happy with my purchase and plan on ordering one more for my daughter. :)

My husband has had this phone for a little over a year, he can no longer use the dang thing b/c it will not "slide" anymore, he can't even anwser it to get calls nor can he call out or do anything with it for the matter...like he put it, it's like an expensive pager...and Verizon will not replace it, we are now on Amazon looking for a different phone until it is upgrade time.

My first smart phone was a droid.  It fall to the floor countless times but could not survie the pool.  I replaced it with an eros and what a mistake that was.  The original model of the eros did not last long at all.  I purchased this used droid and it is just as good as receiving it new.  I expect it to last until Vz offers "G Note".

The company contacted me and we were able to work out something that works for the both of us.  So I am really pleased with the customer service.

The audio part was not very good. People on the other end had a hard time hearing me.There was bad static on both ends.

I got this phone for my son, who left his Droid X in a hot car and shattered the screen which made the phone unusable.  Of course I didn't have insurance and we weren't eligible for a new phone for quite a few months.  He needed something so this was our answer.  The first Droid A855 I received was slightly used, but it worked...that is, except the keyboard.  When my son would type anything, all sorts of characters other than what he was typing appeared.  So I sent it back and the vendor sent me a new phone.  It still had the stickers and temporary screen protector on it.  The phone worked great...except the keyboard.  Whenever my son hit the space bar, a lot of different characters appeared.  We kept the phone anyway.  Whenever he needs the keyboard, he just uses the one on the screen.  Other than that, we are happy with the phone.

I have had two of these phones in 14 months and both have failed. The first (which I bought on Amazon Wireless) failed within two weeks. Verizon exchanged it- and now the same thing has happened again. The touch screen stops working and then the phone becomes "possessed" for lack of a better word. It starts doing things all on its own- calling people sending weird texts. The salesman at Verizon told me he sees a lot of this with this phone. The problem I have now is that there is no warranty and I am not up for my 2 year upgrade- so Now I will have to buy another phone full price. I plan on buying an unlocked phone with a warranty and taking my business elsewhere in 6 months. No $400 should fall apart like this this quickly. And Verizon should be doing something about this. I am very unhappy- especially when I see that a lot of other customers have the same problem.

I sent it back because it did not work properly. I was refunded my money and that is all I care about. so all in all it wasn't a terrible experience.

I bought this as a Christmas gift to myself to replace my old phone. For a phone under $100, it was a great and decent buy! It works great and is a good starter phone for people who are new to the Android community, or just need a quick replacement phone. Although the seller I purchased from had minor scratches since it was used, purchasing a case or something certainly made my used phone look brand new! Seven months later, the phone still works great. Although storage space is minimal, be sure to purchase a Micro SD card.

i would love for them to reply back to my message, but i guess thats what you call customer service.

I purchase the phone for my boyfriend and he loves it, besides it freezing up on him when playing games. I don't know if that is the service with page plus or the phone. I will try and contact page plus first and see if that is the service. If it is I will change my stars to a Five star.

I would never recommend this phone to someone that I cared about. It start getting slow as soon as you program it. And don't even think about getting a case unless you want to have to pry open your phone. Also, don't drop it...the phone's exterior breaks so easily.Best decision when buying a new phone....Don't get this one, it's cheap for a reason.

Every thing was fine except we had to purchase a charger. Everything else was great good price the phone was as you stated in good condition. As I mentioned no charger. One thing I maigh give in the form of advice you mailed three different articles all three in one would be less expensive for you.

So when I got this cell phone with my birthday in June (This phone lasted me 1 and a half month I just haven't got around to make this review.) I was so happy, even though I had to pay $100 a month for it, it was worth it to me, I wanted this phone so bad... But I never expected this. My phone started to act up, it wouldn't tell me when someone called, or text-ed, this started happening July 4th, when I really needed my phone. It just got worse and worse, and I believe on July 5-7th one of those days, I was with my friend, my phone was almost dead, and I had a really good case on it, but I tripped and dropped my phone on its back, I immediately picked it up, the back didn't fall off or anything, and I had a little tinny scratch on the case... But my phone wouldn't turn on, or charge.  The funny thing is It actually was turned on, but something was messed up, I memorized where everything was, so I decided to push or well tap where the music button would be, and it played music, note: I figured out this because if wouldn't stop saying DROIIIDD every-time I got a txt, when I thought it wouldn't turn on.This phone is terrible, I payed so much close attention to my phone, I dropped it once and it broke, if you want a good phone, I suggest go buy the new iPhone, or heck even the old iPhones! I am disappointed in this phone, and when it broke, I legit just barely paid my bill for it for the whole month, I payed, went to Walmart, and this happened. This phone stinks, and my dad took it apart and said ''I could fix this phone.. But its missing 4 screws.'' Meaning it came without 4 screws. If you want a good phone, don't get this one.

My phone has freezes to much and I have to take the battery out of the phone after every call bc it wont let me hang up.

Verizon told me the phone died in two days in &#34;lock-out&#34; screen upon there review.  Refurbished unit maybe not so good. Wawiting a refund.

Had issues almost immediately however thought we would try it out. Just over a month and the power button does not work so we can't let it die. Have a replacement on the way.

Though I knew I was ordering a &#34;gently used&#34; phone, upon recieving it I realized that the phone would barely slide up and down and was more run down than my existing phone. Waste of money and waste of time.

Phone was supposed to be new.  The first one was defective, so I exchanged it for another.  The second one didn't work either.  Very disappointed.  Hoping to get my money back.  Would not recommend this distributor.

the shipper did not contact me or anything about the phone i brought a new battery to see if that works but the phone its self needs repair or scraped  loose connectiion inside the phone when charging

This phone was like the original iPhone, a revolutionary product. The a855 was the first droid! People who complain about the speed: what do you expect? Take the original iPhone for example: People cant expect that phone to be as fast as the latest iPhone (5), that doesn't mean it wasn't a revolutionary and great classic made by Steve Jobs. No, this phone is not as fast as the Droid DNA, no its not on the latest version of android. Although, this phone is great for someone who wants a functional smartphone and doesn't need speed. This was my first smartphone inherited from a family friend.Pros:-Gets the job done-Keyboard-Fast (FOR ITS TIME)-Play store-Decent processor (Shouldn't have too much trouble with multi-tasking)-Love the ringtones/notification sounds (DRIODDDDD)-Small and compact-Volume rockers and power button are easy to press and findCons:-Can be laggy-Keyboard can be hard to press (picture those $150 Surface RT Cases)

This phone is really only good for someone who has never used a smart phone before. Definitely would not recommend.

I didn't realize it was the first smart phone I like it! It takes some getting used to. I would recommend it

IT WAS A NEW PHONE AND THE SPEAKER WAS BORKEN.....NOT HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE.  HAD PROBLEMS RETURNING IT BECAUSE I HAD ALREADY ACTIVATED THE PHONE.....NOT HAPPY!

This is my first smart phone and I love it. the phone was shipped and received promptly. The only issue was the phone arrived without a back cover plate. This was quickly overnited by the company and I am totally satisfied.

I use to have an android a855 and unfortunatley dropped it in the parking lot at home depot. i found the same phone online and ordered it June 1st of this month. The phone to my suprise was offered at a great price and new at that. I ordered the phone and the shipping time was determined to me on the 12th of June the phone arrived  on the 4th. It is in excellent shape and does what it is suppose to do. does not hesitate just as awesome and any new droid you can get today. how you can offer this phone NEW at such an amazing price i do not know but i do know that i am very pleased. thank you for the quick delivery and smooth transaction.

it is slow but it is okay for the people need smartphone only , and they are not care about the speed

The company sold me the phone, and I added it to my Verizon. well there were problems, and as soon as I called A REAL PERSON ANWSERED! Wow. They sent me another as soon as I provided a tracking number for the returned phone. they also e-mailed me a shipping slip WITH POSTAGE PAID. Alas, the second phone had other glitches, so I returned and asked for a refund, which they provided without a fuss.

This phone doesn't even work! This makes me not want to ever order anything from Amazon again! Don't get this phone, something wrong with the hardware inside!

this phone sucks it calls texts and does whatever it wants whenever it wants do not buy it i cant even make a call without it doing ten thousand other things and allowing me to nothing i hate it

I chose this rating bc my phone was suppost to be a brand new phone and it was not also my phone y'all sent does not keep a charge and the phone keeps turning off while I am in the middle of a call or texting or anything while I am using the phone I will never ever order anything from y'all again I will be telling my family and friends to never ever order anything from y'all ......

I ordered this phone on a Thursday for overnight delivery the next day.  I paid a high price for shipping since it was next day service.  UPS had a delay and the phone didnt get to me until Monday.  I asked the the seller contact UPS and get reimbursed for the overnight shipping then give me the money back.  They responded to my e-mail, however the response was very short and didnt address my concerns.  I didnt end up getting my money back for the shipping.  I would like to say that the item was in great condition and came with everything needed for a very reasonable price.  Overall, happy with the product.

At first I thought I made a good purchase but as I used this phone I realized that not only is this phone refurbished but its the slowest phone I've ever owned. It makes me force close every app I use and kicks me off of my wifi. I have to reconnect every 5 mins which means I can't watch any videos or use the browser without jumping through hoops. My home screen takes at least 30 seconds to load every time I press home to exit an app. I wasted my money please don't buy from this seller. You will be severly dissappointed.

It is the first droid but it still works nicely. I am happy with this phone, the price and how it feels. I recommend buying this phone if your on a budget

False advertisement..if I could give no stars I would! Phone was so broken to the point that I couldn't even use it!!

is this phone tmobile ?? or what i would love to buy it but i cant figure out if it it tmobile

Ordered phone on Friday and recieved phone today, Wednesday, the battery was dead, and the phone will not charge! Phone is in pretty good condition, but is worthless without being able to turn it on!

No, can't talk, only with speaker phones. I want my money back!  Doesn't meet my expectations!  At all,slide. For texting doesn't work.

I order this phone over 13 days ago and the date it was to come was 20th - 23rd by 8:00 pm. It's the 23 and it's 8:06 pm!! I'm really upset with this and I haven't even got the phone yet!! You'll get a better review when I get the phone!Okay, so I've had the phone for a few weeks, it's okay but it's slower at loading things to dial-up ever was. I've had times where I'll go to call someone and 10 mins later the call goes threw, other than that I love it.

I am not satisfied that elected the option again and the tel is in good condition but this is not new for me as a fraud.I came Blast Card including 16 GB memory. unfortunately I really feel cheated.

I did not like this product, It did no come with a sim card even though it said it would, the charger broke within days. Also, the phone charghing port broke within 3 months.

This is a really good phone..it. is just advertised.  The picture is clear and the touch quality is light...It is also easy to learn and good as your first phone for children too...Very good price...

I am having problems with this phone not staying on and working probably!How can I return this Phone. I need a working  phone.

It's really what I expected a very good article It's really what I expected a very good article It's really what I expected a very good article It's really what I expected a very good article

Phone is great. Merchant sent bad phone first time out. Would not charge. Took two phone calls and 1 and a half weeks to get new phone.

got the phone it worked pretty well but didnt match the description the back speaker had a really big hole right in the middle where it looks like it was done intentionally

this phone was the wrost thing i bought it stopped working about a month after i bought it, i can use the home button or any of the other 3 main buttons like that, because of it i had to buy a new phone...

I was impressed with the almost brand-new condition of the phone.  Only disappointment was that the 16MB card had been removed and I had to buy another card.  I bought card with less memory, so it didn't add too much to purchase.  Seller should have disclosed this.

my item arrived ahead of time and works, and looks good and even came in manufacturer packaging, i'm very satisfied

This phone is horrible. 3G literally has you waiting for minutes just to get on the internet. Everything is so slow. Cannot have more than one app open at a time. There is a pressure point on the phone, so if you hold it the wrong way it will turn off.

The phone only works on speaker phone and I was told an SD Card came with it as well. Lo and behold it came in some weird case. I know what a verizon case looks like. That was far from it. my first and last purchase off of Amazon

I purchased this device through DK-Gadgets expecting it to be NEW. however, when it came in the mail it was clear the phone was refurbished and had wear marks along the plastic/metal housing.The product also contained headphones which were also USED and worn looking.The phone is also buggy and doesn't seem to run very smooth.along with the phones overall operation, the call speaker is nearly impossible to hear anything out of,almost as if you're having a conversation under water.I wouldn't purchase unless you're aware its going to be refurbished and poorly done at that.

I purchased this phone for my brother and he really loves it! Phone came in good condition and works excellent.

Great phone! I bought it for my 16 year old and he loves it! this phone has great reception where i'm located at.

I bought the phone over iphone and i never regretted my choice.  it's very easy to use and the keyboard is awesome.Pro:-great and easy to use full-sized keyboard-sturdy design-fast-never froze-great signal-loud and clear speakerCon:- a bit heavier than iphone

I received this phone just 2 months ago - and it's already chipping it's coating, locking up.  I receive messages that my text memory is full - never had I had this issue.  The screen locks and now it takes forever to load or show the menu screen.  The entire right side  of the screen from a touch screen/type perspective seems to not work at all.  I am hoping for a refund or replacement to see if maybe it is just a defective phone but this is one of the worst I have ever had!

The battery does not last long and the internet loads slow. The price was ok and being able to have it shipped was good in light of the weather we are experiencing,other than that it is ok.

Phone broke and had to replace it immediately since its the only way for school and babysitter to contact me.  ordered this phone because it looked good and was the right price.  It is far too old to play the newer apps.  I have like five apps and everything else is saved to my memory card but I keep getting alerts that my phone is running out of memory.  Oh well.

This phones amazing it works better than most new phones and it looked like new when I got it. So happy with this phone its the best.

So far I really love my Droid phone. Easy to use, easy to navigate and I haven't had any problems with it shutting down or not working. Really a good phone.

This is the worst item I've bought from amazon. Phone constantly cuts off in mid use along with stalling while switching between programs. I got it because I've seen other people with the same model but used and theirs works fine.

Phone has been refurbished and not put back together properly, the reset date is 1969, so when you have to remove battery to reset this phone due to lock up you also have to reset times! Had to buy an SD card just to take pics! The FB app is wont even show you who your talking to! My sons friend has same phone and non of these issues! I contacted amazon but it went though a seller I guess is kinda what I was told! The camera does take good pics and you can hear great on the phone!

The phone sucks. It freeze up. Don't get calls sometime. Wish I could get a refund. I will never buy another phone

For the most part the phone is okay but it does have a problem with apps crashing when you need them. I have not added any apps that didn't come with the phone so it's not faulty third party apps. Having to force close simple apps, like messaging, is not what I've come to expect from Motorola. I am a die-hard Motorola fan so I've come to expect dependability from this brand and that's not what I got with this phone. I will be changing it out when I find another Motorola that has a Qwerty that I like.

No where on your page did you write its a VERIZON phone? Isn't that something you would put in the title?! I just got it and one, its verizon. TWO ITS A PIECE OF JUNK IN HORRIBLE CONDITION IT DOESN'T EVEN SLIDE RIGHT.Ive ALWAYS ordered everything off amazon. but you are now making me rethink ever ordering from them again.and Ive NEVER wrote a bad review before. But you guys deserve it.

Replacement for my driod 4, After I stepped on it. It was a temporary replacement. It seems its slowed down. doesn't function all the time. But suitable till I get my upgrade....hopefully.

I wonder if this phone will work with any phone line, I'm from Venezuela and I wonder if I can use it here.

By all means, I was not expecting much considering the item was under $100. However, I did expect it to work once I activated it. So much for that since the screen will not come back on. Getting ready to box it up and send it back the same day I received it. Smh

This my second time buying this phone and  it works great but a little outdated. I would recommend to anyone wanting a lowcost android phone. note: it cost me 25.00 with shipping included 2014

I like my phone.  Already had one with the docking station.  Wanted another to continue to use the dock.  Did not realize that in order to use the dock I would have to take off the new pink protective cover.  I do wish the slide out qwerty keyboard did not slide so easy to cause dropped calls.

I bought this phone over a year ago, been using it ever since. Because I got it referbished I think that's why it went bad. Slow internet connection, lagging time with cammands, drop calls, slow to no response when touching screen, over heating, hard to hear calls, speaker goes bad, black screen, and battery death. I had none of these issues at first 4-5 months of use but after it was a mess. Good for keybord users and if on Verizon plan you should be ok in Michigan (data plan is $65-$85 depending on how much MB you want to browse online). But overall I'm a big texter and HUGE internet browser, I need speed. I'm moving on.OTHER RANDOM STUFF-Its a heavy phone-keypads kinda stiff, could be good or bad depending-Nice size screen-$75 phone, don't spend over $100, waste of money-Buy used=crappy, Buy referbished=coin toss but still is gently used BEWARE

Does this work with a t mobile sim card? I know it is unlocked, but I don't want to buy it, if it doesn't work for tmobile.

This product was banged up and certain parts of it do not work very well. For example, the sound system is very messed up and is very frustrating to work with. Everything else works fine though.

I am very happy with phone.I am concerned that it will be able to work with my phone service MetroPCS. It says it is a Verizon phone. If I should have a problem I will contact Amazon.

This is my first droid, i really enjoy it over my last phone.. the samsung reality.This may not be the best Droid, but for the money its pretty good!Pros: Fast Browsing, its a DROID, Its got a decent screen res, Great Camera, and easy textingCons: For some reason, it wont add some contacts i put in it, i dont know why, but maybe its weird and idk what im doing.No memory card, i just realized this so i cant take pictures, listen to music or anything till i buy one. The keyboard doesnt feel good when it opens, it doesn't open smoothly.Other than that, its a god phone for the money!

this phone broke withing 2 weeks that i have givin it to my brother for christmas. but i do not know weither it was his fault or not.

Received the phone very quickly. There was water damage to the phone,  the white circles under the battery were red.

I broke my first droid recently so I needed to replace it. The insurance I had on it wanted a $100 DEDUCTIBLE to replace my phone. Since I can get a BRAND NEW droid on amazon for $100 I told them where they could stick their phone. Found this refurb and it works as well as the original did. It's kinda slow loading even though I don't have a lot of crap on it and it glitches and locks up sometimes but I can live with it since I don't want to spend $600 for a new phone.

Version: 4-29-2012bHi all,I realize this is an older phone, but its new to me, as of 4-2012. I have all the current updates. My previous phone was a PDA as well, Qualcom QCP-6035 (Palm OS).Quick review:It works barely OK. Slightly better than my last phone...Unrefined; buggy; Inconstant operation; Requires use of Google to sync phone book and calender*; And is difficult to use as a standalone PDA (with out cellular service (GPS programs)). Slightly better than the last phone used (very-very buggy)...* I prefer Yahoo, over Google. I find Goggle header to use and more difficult to solve problems when they do occur.More to follow...

I got this for my daughter for Christmas. We had it activated yesterday and she has been very pleased with it so far. She is with page plus and the phone is perfect. Thanks so very much for a great product!!

I ordered this product to be used in France and the seller said it was an international version... Well, not THAT international since i couldn't use it with the french system of 'sim card' and had to send it back to the seller.I wish people were more explicit in their notion of 'international' and knew eough about the systems in europe that require a slot in the phone to put a plan chip or 'sim card' in it in order to function... Waste of time and money for both of us. I am very disappointed and have to search for a new offer ...

This company really is a great one and there quality is awesome! If you have any problems call them they are more than willing to help! Plus the phone is also great!

This phone freezes up too much. Didn't come with an SD Card. Unable to look at some youtube videos that are on Facebook.

The phone I got is not new. It is either refurbished or fake. The appearance of the phone is a little off (I had a droid before). I can make calls and access internet. However, the sound for music is not stable. I have to orient the phone certain way to listen. I can't listen when I am walking. Sometimes, the phone gets confused. It, by its own will, presses the buttons of the android interface, and I can't control it at all. It regains sanity after 2-10 minutes. Keep away from the phone by this vendor.

my daughter wanted a new phone but it wasn't time to upgrade.  I bought her this phone and she loves it.  It came when promised, and it was in awesome shape.

charger and battery not charger broke on able to keep phone charge and the battery does not hole long charge but has for has i know if you buy something you will right now i am wait on four phone hope i get it in good shape.

The phone has a great feel. The only reason i am giving it a 4 is because the seller never replied to me. It came faster than expected and was in great shape. It is an awesome phone because I have access to google play.

I previously owned this phone and absolutely loved it.  Unfortunately, it ended up getting extensive water damage so I needed to get a new one.  When I  ordered a 'new' one from amazon I found out that it was not new.  While trying to activate it I was informed by Verizon that it had been stolen and I could not use it.  This was a big waste of my time and sad to know I got ripped off by a dishonest vendor who not only sold me a used phone as new but also one I wouldn't be able to use.

can anyone tell me if I buy this phone will it work with a straight talk sim card plz someone help...

This phone is a bit dated in terms of the Android operating version but it is a great phone with clear easy to read text and excellent mapping and GPS features. Works well with Gmail and automatically imports all your contacts. What are the downsides? Firstly you have to buy a Micro HCSD card for the camera to function and the camera is very slow to switch on. A forward facing camera for video phone use would have been nice and the earpiece volume is a bit too low. I would suggest the main limitation is the battery life which is very short. Droids tend to be heavy users of batteries but the battery in this phone was made in August 2009, so it is almost two and a half years old on delivery. My suggestion is to buy a spare battery (gamble on age) and a USB to micro USB charger cable to use in your car or at work. This is an excellent phone but make sure you can keep it powered up.

the screen is hard to read in daylight and the sound can be difficult to hear at times. Other than that I like this phone

I was happy with it but then this week I started having problems taking pictures. I finally got that fixed and now I am having a problems receiving pictures that are sent as text.

The phone does not work it is broke I like my money back. The phone will go off and then it will come on. .

The phone is getting sent back, everytime call is received or called out it goes to camera mode and disconnects. Even Verizon did not know what was wrong with it.

fast and quick service, this qwerty motorola  smrtphone is at a great price and fit my need of having a good quailty qwerty phone and is wrought the price that i paid for it

have no phone service on it yet....maybe one day...but its like a touch tablet for me that has a qwerty board

Verizon just upped their ETF (early termination fee) for a list of smart phones to $350.  So you better really want this.I had one, not a bad phone but fairly crude compared to HTC's Android phones with Sense UI - browser on the droid sucks compared to HTC sense or iPhone.Can't beat the hardware specs on the Droid - UNLESS - you wait until Jan 5th 2010 or so, then there will be an avalanche of as good or better hardware out there too.Don't go with Verizon cuz of the $350 ETF, if their allowed to get away with the 200% ETF increase - nobody else is doing this yet.In fact, I have a premier sprint account and they allow an upgrade every year on the hardware for the primary phone - and monthly charges are substantially less... and their ETF is $200.

This phone freeze up when I try to make a call.  I purchased this phone because I needed to replace my 4g and I thought it would work fine as a refurbish phone since that is what Verizon's sends out. Not what I expected, I can't wait to order my new phone and trade this one in.

recieved phone on time with no problem.  activated with no problem.  speaker on phone was broken.  luckily phone had warranty so verizon replaced it.

I have to paid  $15.00 dollars to send it back. there other vendors that send a lable for return itims, NOT THIS ONE.

good condition etc but too long the wait for shipping, the owner/ seller changed my date for its arrival for a later time, i can be patientbut when it takes this long.... i might get a little heated and excited about when it will arrive.

I had many friends that owned iPhones...but i hate AT&T; as did most of my friends with iphones agree :) I purchased the A855 as soon as it was availible. I was trying to decide betweent the A855 and the HTC touch pro 2(I had the htc mogul XV6700 before). End of the day, i picked up the A855 for the android operation system. The android operating system is so easy to use. I was tired of having to constantly reset my mogul. The windows mobile phones are not as customizable unless you go through the process of unlocking the phone...which I did on my Mogul. But unlockign the phone is a hastle.PROSScreen resolutionAndroid MarketGreat Verizon network(data and voice clarity)No problems with pairing with bluetooth devices(had issues with the XV6700)CONSKeyboard is barely raised up at all! (use the onscreen and download HANDCENT)Battery life (use a program like Locale to manage bluetooth, display, notifications, and sounds to save on battery)No Send or End Buttons(not a big deal but they are nice

Item purchased 08/28/2012. Returned due to misrepresentation of item. Return documented by USPS.com/tracking and confirmation at 3:25pm Sept. 13, 2012. First they said they never received it...then they said they did...and supposedly refunded the funds to my account and now they are saying they never received the item even though I provided the proof that they did! Their return policy says money will be re-deposited in 3 to 5 business days. As of right now it's been 9 business days and I still don't have my son's money back! I'm not a happy person and trust me...my son is even less happy...NOT!!! I've sold on eBay for years and completed over 6 thousand transactions and never did this to any of the buyers I dealt with! Now the whole company is supposedly closed for "yom kippur" until Thursday. How can I get 2 emails from the company today stating that they never received the item when they are "closed"? Tried to call the 888 # and that's what it told me...they were closed! NOT HAPPY!

I've had my original Droid for almost two years now, longer than most phones have lasted. I don't use screen or any other protectors on it and as it has been dropped numerous times it is definitely the most durable phone I've had. A little sluggish now but like any other computer they quickly become outdated.

This is my first smart phone and I have the 80 dollar prepaid plan and I get my money worth. I use to have the LG Extravert VN271 and it is a big different and I am satisfied. My old phone had no apps and no music to save on it. I like using the google speak function. The navigation system is excellent. The camera is just what I wanted, because my old phone would only record for 15 seconds. Talk about a bad choice of phone that I picked before. The only thing I would say is that don't buy android head phones cuz they can mess with your sound. And some apps do freeze, but it's not a big deal. Overall a great phone.

Was VERY happy with it for the first 4 months of owning it, and couldn't imagine a better phone. I could do my emails, read texts, and play music at the same time. I could GO ON THE WEB and stay in a phone convo at the same time. Just was amazing and the phone didn't limit what I did.The first issue I encountered was the battery. It barely lasted 8 hours, and that's with background syncing and all that stuff backlight all that turned down. You'd be lucky to get 1 hour at best if all that was on. I got the extended battery, and when it helped, it somehow made my screen go nuts. No joke, put the old one in and the device screen works and never an issue. The extended battery, it scrolls, clicks n things, and the landscape mode didn't work. Motorola tech support recommended a full reset, so I had to set up everything once more.The next issue I had was the music player integration. I can BLUETOOTH myself MP3 songs that AUTOMATICALLY are stored to the 8GB factory included SD card (finally), but they do not have any sort of identification. It says the track name- but with the track number, they are only in numeric order for example 01-&#34;Only Time&#34; The album names for everything that is Bluetoothed over is Bluetooth. It doesn't drag over the album name, and the artist simply reads unknown. I tried the USB with the same result, so i guess it's not all the bluetooth.And while the ANDROID 2.1.1 Android operating system is a joy to use, you cannot save APPS to your SD card. This leads to small lagginess, such as Angry Birds, takes literally 2 minutes to fling the next bird. As far as I was told, processor speed has nothing do with this, and as this was a premium phone, I'd think it had a good processor in it.Overall:It wows, but it could be better. Do I recommend it, yes, somewhat, if it can have it's issues fixed. I guess if you don't mind the SD issue it'd be a perfect phone, but unfortunately I decided it was something I didn't want to use and upgraded.

Is this a good product? Does it shut down for no reason? Is it slow? I don't know what those people had for phones, but never with my droid did I experience any of that! The only problem with my droid was that it was to large for me. Yes it fits in my palm of my hand, but it is harder to handle and carry around...but it's so worth it!

I'm way more impressed with this product. The phone fits the description as explained on the details, I would recommend this product to a friend.

The volume didn't work on the outside had to turn up volume in settings but I guess otherwise it worked good. I paid way to much for it I could of gotten it on eBay for half the price as my niece showed me.

Bought one for an xmas present. Didnt work.  Bought another.  Had the money out there for two.  Second one was a little off.  Asked how i could do this without owning three phones.  No answer other than return the second one.  Then would have owned three pre- owened phones at one time.  Needing only one phone.  Tying my money up.  Kept the second phone.  Not too bad.  Now six weeks in,that phone doesnt work.  12 days past warranty!  Will NEVER use them again!

Please don't be fooled . When I received this phone it seemed to be a good phone . Started to Tranter contacts and my info over and noticed it was dying . I tried charging it . After 4 hours it still wouldn't keep  a charge . It's not a good phone to have at all

slow, cant play games or stream videos. cant connect to nfl network. freezes. dont like it. not a good phone.

I ordered this phone (actually three of them) after searching for boost mobile phones.. amazon somehow had this listed as one even though its a verizon phone.. I assumed that perhaps somehow it didnt matter once i got the phone and saw that it said Verizon on it. Well needless to say i couldnt activate it through boost haha, and even though it has been a very long time I received both a phone call and an email from this company wanting to correct the issue. I have never seen a company so dedicated to providing good customer service! Plus, even though I couldnt activate the phone and use it, it came in Excellent shape, far better than i expected! A++++ , I would definitely order through this company in the future! Thank you so much!

Over all I like the phone, but it is difficult to learn to use it and it did not come with an instruction manual.  They give a difficult web address and then you have difficulty reading what it says on the web page.  I really would like a printed manual.  Also, they sent a phone charger with a cord so small that I was unable to charge the phone until I purchased a new phone charger.  The phone arrived within the time frame that was stated.

the volume doesn't work. And the camera isn't as good as my prevail. id like to return and get a different phone.

When I first got the phone it was dirty but in good condition the packaging was nice and arrived early.  The phone worked fined but after a while it would overheat a lot, freeze and not work with certain apps.  I had to keep factory resetting the phone to get it to work and one day it just decided to stop working all together. Waste of money. Buy a new phone.

I typed in tmobile phone to amazon and this popped up on the first page. Just recieved it, and it does not take a sim card. Thanks alot. It's a Verizon phone. Nowhere in he ad did it say Verizon.

Durable (I've dropped it a few times and only the casing cracked a little, the screen is like new. Key board is a little awkward, but I've gotten used to it. Holds a charge all day while being used on and off.

This Motorola Droid is a smooth phone, with nice graphics and an excellent camera. However, remember that it is almost three years old, and doesn't have the quickness that a new Droid RAZR or Galaxy Nexus would. It is, however, a pretty good phone for the price, and I would advise towards getting it, if you are using it as a texting phone, with a few apps downloaded.

But is a good phone otherwise. You can't save images sent through texts on this phone which I find really annoying.

Phone was in good condition. It did start to mess up on the volume after about two weeks but was still able to work .

The phone works horrible and it also works very slow...I want to return it...if possible. I dial one number and it put another number...if I press one it enters two and I only have had this phone two weeks. I thought that it was a droid phone that it would do well...but I guess I was wrong.

Wasn't my favorite phone in the world, but it arrived to me promptly and was in condition as described by seller. And at least I had buttons on my phone again!!!!

Thought I was getting a new phone (purchased 12/5/2011). Found out from Motorola that the warranty expired 9/16/2011. Found out from Verizon phone had been active on another account from 7/7/2010 - 6/7/2011. Customer returned it for a "certified, like-new replacemnt." Sold new, it should also come with a 16GB SD card - not included. Verizon tech support told me the camera won't work without it.

the phone i got was almost like new (orderd refurbished) and it workd great and not a single problem!! and price was great! and got here quick :) :)

This was my first smart phone purchase. After a short time the phone stopped working correctly. While texting or typing, I would press &#34;p&#34; and get something like &#34;llddd&#34;. I wrote about it in my review, so Platinum Galaxy called me and told me that if I would send the phone back that he would replace or refund the phone. I sent the phone back a month ago and have not received anything back from the Platinum Galaxy. Not even a email. I would not trust this seller again.

Phone was refurbished, however you would never know why.Meets all the basic needs I was looking for in a smartphone.Battery does need recharging alot which is the only negative I have to say at this time.

It has been a great temporal support, but in actuality, it doesn't have enough memory and it's style is outdated.

The phone was not what I expected and I am returning it At this time.It did not meet my needs for the kind of phone I like.

We I received the phone the charger would hardly charge the phone. I had to constantly adjust the charge where it was plugged into the phone to try to get it to charge. After using the phone one week it would not charge alonger and would not power up.

This is an AWESOME product. I do not believe it was so cheap. I bought it from Noble Planet and it came on the first estimated shipping day. It did NOT come with the MicroSD Card but i don't blame the seller since it was a used phone. But it worked and battery is awesome. Minor scratches but it was used. It came with Box, Charger, Battery, and Battery cover. It has an awesome camera 5MP and comes with 250MB Not with the SD Card. It holds up to 32GB in MicroSD card. It has an awesome QWERTY Keyboard. It lights up very well. Touch screen is awesome. It was Used but it was NOT activated and it came with box. It looked well. I will rate this 5 star. YOU SHOULD BUY THIS!!!!!!Pro:Shape is niceDoes not freezeCan Hold up to 32 GB of MicroSD card5MP Camera w/ flash4 touch sensitive buttons on bottom with Light sensor that lights upSlide out Keyboard with lightAndroidCons:A bit slowBit heavy but not muchHas 400mb built in memoryMust have SD card to take pictures.

No backup assistance available for this device. You must have expanded memory to take pics.  Difficulties connecting to wifi. They have come a long way since this one

i thought this phone was so pretty. it would not activate and it was not a new phone. i was very disappointed.

Phone came in practically brand new and alond with the phone an otter box, so overall I am very happy with this product. The shipping was excellent as well, arrived a day early than expected.

This has to be one of my favorite phones. I bought it awhile back and wanted to wait to write my review after i had it for awhile. I have three kids who love to try and play with my phones, so needless to say i go through phones pretty uick. But this one has held out for a long time. My daughter has dropped it more times than i care to count, and there isnt even so much as a crack. I love this phones it so durable. I can hear good when im calling in or out. really great buy, phone came in on time, was as described. i had no problems with delivery or seller. I will definitly buy from this seller again.

This phone was listed under cricket well its not a cricket phone so the money for this phone was a waist . I turnd the phone on once and turnd it off and well it wont come back on at all ..

This phone is terrible.  It does not hold a charge and cuts you off in the middle of a phone call.  I charged it this morning, didn't use it all day, and when I was on the phone this evening, I lost my contact because the phone died.I really don't want this phone!

screen blinks and will not connect to facebook or instagram. Key board does not slide out properly. I do not recommend buying

Looked like a pretty good phone at first for a qick replacement. But motorola has slow products in general. Well... this is another one of them. I would never buy another motorola seeing as this is the 3rd one and still horrible.

I really enjoy the Android A855. It is a definite upgrade from any phone I have had in the past. I use it all the time because being off at University, it is the only way most people can get a hold of me. I also love some of the features on it, such as the maps feature. It has been used on several occasion to get me home or wherever I am needed to be. I thoroughly love this phone.

Worthless and outdated for the USA Tmoblie says it can't be put on their network. Really should not be offered in the USA

I couldn't ask for a better phone for such a great price! It looks brand new! No complaints from me!

i got the phone and it is just as described.. had minor scratches on the corners of the phone but the screen was spotless! i just got a cover for it and it looks like new!! and super fast shipping! would def buy from this seller again!

When my son broke his droid I didn't know what to do. Buying it from our phone company would have cost almost $500.00. I was so glad to be able to purchase this one so inexpensively. My son has  been using the Droid for almost two hears now and loves it. It has so many great features and we never had any problems with it.

I had this phone a little over 6 months and it's already screwin' up. The home screens freeze up every time I go back home. The data loading is so slow and the touch screen goes out every now and then.

I've had this thing since September 2010 and have loved it -- I developed my first Android app on it and took it to South America and a long half-year road trip.  It's been dropped countless times on hard surfaces and at worst the battery will pop out.  I lost the battery cover in a urinal in Santiago, Chile (hey man, I was drinking a little bit), but it is easy to find clone parts like this on ebay for $10.This was an excellent phone, but I have replaced it with the Nexus 4.  The hardware for this phone has not kept up with more recent Android releases and it is impossible and very frustrating to perform trivial tasks like using Google Maps, because it lacks sufficient memory.  Do not purchase unless you want to root it and run something that might be less resource-heavy (perhaps CyanogenMod is good in this respect?)Great phone, but the Nexus 4 is the new hotness, or perhaps an older Samsung Galaxy.  Do that and go with T-Mobile.

I've had the phone for a year and a half, the 512 MHz CPU (recently replaced with >1 GHz) is slow, and it hangs once in a while.  As well, the GPS sometimes can't lock onto satellites.On the plus side, it has many good features and is fun to use, crystal clear call quality, decent web browsing and nice tethering capability.Adobe Flash works well with youtube-type video, but don't expect to watch any hulu TV.

Its an older phone so it does lag alot!! Dont get this if your used a to a new smart phone

Phone was not in good condition and worked only a week...the screen would freeze up and you needed to turn off and on again just to change to another application.

Good resolution screen, camera is great, price was right, and phone is good sized. battery not the greatest. I would definitely buy another. You won't be disappointed :+)

Worked fine when i got it and good customer service. Had the phone for about 3 months now and never failed me.

I bought this phone about a week ago and for the most part it&#8217;s a great phone. The only problem is that sometimes the apps load slower than expected. Also the phone is not lightweight at all; actually it&#8217;s kind of bulky. Overall the phone does seem very durable, and would be a great fit for someone who uses their phone mainly for talking and/or  texting.

THE PHONE WORKS FINE,HAD A SMALL PROBLEM WITH THE FIRST ONE, THIS WAS TAKEN CARE AND A NEW PHONE WAS SHIPPED. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE PROMPT SERVICE,THANK YOU.

I bought this phone here without the contract, when I called Verizon to set up my number and my account, I was not able to pick up any signal at all.

I bought this phone assuming it could be flashed to work for Cricket. I took the phone to a Cricket store. They will not flash it to work with them. I end up buying another phone. I tried to return it the vender refused, saying it can be flashed for use with Cricket. Now, I have an eighty dollar paper weight.

i want to buy this phone for my son, i need to know, does it work with pre paid straight talk?? thanks!!

Purchased for my nephew who is enjoying the ease of use and many apps. He is quite hard on things but this phone has been tough enough to take him.

Worked for a few weeks, then just started to freeze up, screen would go black and wouldn't turn back on

this is an old phone but nice phone only problem is it does not take  asim card its locked on verizon network  unless on verizon dont buy because they do not tell you this just says unlocked android phone yeah right in on t mobile i  sent it back and moeny was returned without hassle thanks amazon

this phone messes up alot it pusses buttons on its own calls people and want let me us one side of the phone how can i up date this phone to see if that will make it work

It never worked!!!! I guess I got the purchase price back but that doesn't make up for all the hassle and double shipping charges to ship it both ways. No refund on that!!

I got this for my grandson for Christmas.  It recently quit on him. I don't know why. He probably dropped it, but he enjoyed it while he had it.

Phone had water damage that was not described in the description. Phone worked for about 3 weeks then the touch screen completely stopped working. Waste of money.

I love it. I'm not a geek but I have loved setting this phone up and using it. The physical keyboard is hard to use, flat keys. but the touch screen is nice a little light to the touch but you can download pretty much anything to make the phone the way you want it. I charge every night but I downloaded a task manager and it does help, not bad for an Android. Over all I am pleased.

Motorola consistantly comes out with great products. This is the first Droid, and it served me very well for the time that I used it. However, I do recommend that if you buy a Droid, make sure that you keep it flashed to the right carrier.

When i bought it it came in the mail but it did not look like a refurbished or used phone..... it looked like it had been through like 10 years of damage BUT i am getting a case that will cover it up so i will not have to look at it.... Other then how it came its a good phone.....

Worst phone i have ever received.. i got this phone for my wife thru amazon I received it broken yesterday.. when she calls someone the screen stays black she has to take battery out too fix it than turn it back on, its hard to slide open so she doesn't use the keybord, and the power/lock button doesn't work its a pointless button. Iv never order anything on amazon before this and now I know why=( what a waste of money.. thanks amazon for ruining my chances of ever ordering else from you! If amazon can help plz do..

Absolutely terrible... It was slow .. Some of the buttons diddnt work. The internet worked half the time and pandora would play 6 songs at the exact same time .. Definitely switched back to my shattered iphone because it was so terrible.

The phone came in great shape. It didn't take too long to get at all either. I'll be back for my next phone too.

It says it was deliverd yesterday n ill reseave no info anymore but i havnt resieved my purchase(phone) at all

this item was sold as barely used and when the item was delivered to me, I noticed the phone had water damage and was not described on the details on the wedsite. the phone runs slow and pauses frequently.

Phone arrived quickly and appears to be in good condition.  I plugged it in for hours with the cord that was shipped with it, and the phone would not turn on... I thought it was broken.  Then I realized that the power cord would only work if it was pushed to the back and to the right.  The phone fits my old charger and now I can tell that it's charging... But that other charger wasted a lot of time for a sleepy 3rd shift cardiac RN.  More frustrated than anything else... But glad it looks like it will work once it charges up.

This phone drops every single call I make! I have to call someone back like 4 times to be able to have a full conversation. Worst phone I have ever had. If it actually worked it might be a decent phone..

It's nothing against the seller or their product design, my Husband is simply notorious for breaking his phones faster than he can get his contacts put in.

I purchased this phone about a year ago and was initially ecstatic about the device's features as well as the intuitiveness of the Android platform itself.  However, at the release of this device the Android platform was still growing and functioned in a much less advanced capacity than it currently does.  Through several updates of core firmware, as well as various software updates to apps, the phone has become sluggish and often unresponsive.Long story short, the hardware hasn't kept up with the every-growing demands on the software front.  The Android Marketplace offers a great breadth of content that is simply impractical to run on this outdated hardware.  If you're looking to have a phone that keeps up with current technological trends, think twice before investing in this sucker.Also, battery life tends to become absolutely abysmal after the first 6-8 months or so, so definitely think about investing in some backup batteries.

Good phone so far better than the first one got it two days early witch was a big plus .

Not to sound dumb or anything but description isn't very clear...is this phone unlocked or usable for boost mobile? I did an amazon search for boost mobile phones and this came up but all I'm seeing are comments about its service with verizon.

This phone is a TANK, after my partner SLAMMED his Jeep Grand Cherokee's tailgate down on it the touch screen STILL WORKED! yes it was cracked and spiderwebed all over the phone and the screen piece (seperate from the keyboard) was BENT like a V it was a small angled bend but it was definitely noticable.  with a little effort the slide still worked and everything else worked just fine other than not being able to see the screen in sunlight because of the cracks.  Overall the phone is great and a must buy if you want a cheap performance smartphone.  the processor can be OC'd to 1250MHZ i have done this. and custom roms are aplenty for this phone, had the Iphone after this and it did not contend at all with the droid.  Iphone lacks the open source, the good sound, and the droid had a better camera too.  traded iphone in for Thunderbolt......Thunderbolt rules all!

is this a prepaid phone??? can any recommended me a prepaid phone??? i need one as soon as possible. ......... ...... ..... ..... ..... ....

I recently ordered this phone for my son to replace his damaged phone. Upon receiving phone,  which let me say I commend Amazon for sending so quickly, I took it down to Verizon to activate. I realized, upon activating the phone, that it had a glitch in it. The volume button was stuck in the full volume position, hence constantly dinging, very annoying I must say. I immediately went home and contacted Amazon, and since it was a fulfilled order, they gave me a full refund and return label for said damaged product, the same night, and by the way it was 10 p.m. by then. The phone was a flop, that's why it only got 2 stars, don't buy used phones online, you get what u pay for. But, please note that if an order is fulfilled by Amazon, you can bet your bottom dollar they will be there for you, in the wake of any unforeseen returns, thank you Amazon. I would recommend the phone, if new, not used or refurbished, someone clearly dropped the ball......

Well..My friends say it's awesome, and I'll be getting it today. I'm super excited to try it out and I'll write another review once I fool around with it :)

Even though this phone was phurchased by accident it still a good phone to own. If I didn't like the iPhone I would go for this droid as my second choice.

Phone worked for maybe a month and then started going crazy. Dialing people randomly, turning on and off, all of the above. Somehow when I bought this phone I bought a used one. Idk how that's possible, as I could tell when I received it had a little scratch. Spend a little more money and buy a real phone

i got the phone it worked great for 19 days and then the screen died it started doing random action i didn't tell it to do and the cuz the screen got so bad i cant even unlock my phone any more i would say dont get the phone if you want something to last

The phone was sent with a dull battery, and was a complete mess otherwise. The phone didn't properly function at all along with the messed up charger. It has been a waste of time and inconveniencing waiting to receive a replacement. I've never purchased any electronics online, and this will be my last.

would be great if it would do the things I want it to do I know it's a smart phone but not that smart it does what it wants to not what I want to do try calling have to delet the 7 it put on it need some help with it

This phone pulls up when you search for TMobile phones, but is not for TMobile.  So I had to pay to ship it back to get my money back, not very pleased with that.  The description needs to be changed and it should not pull up with Tmobile search

This phone is out dated and would not load the apps I wanted or needed. The phone was not easy to use.

I have had this phone for the last one year and so far it has been good and reliable. It looks sleek and the build quality is very strong. I recommend upgrading your Android OS to Froyo for the best performance.

This phone is horrible stopped working after not even 3-4 months of having it. Droids are ridiculous. I hate them. I can't even turn it on. It will shut off and turn on on it's own. While I'm texting somebody it'll type up random words, not even auto-correcting anything, just typing up random stuff. It shut off and now all it does is light up and doesn't fully turn on. Don't get a droid. They're horrible.

does this phone work with tmobile services because that is what i have and i dont wont to purchase it if it doent work with it

They gave exactly what they said. A few scratches but nothing bad honestly thought it'd be worse but all in all it's a good service.

This phone is very heavy, screen does not work and this phone is slower than a turtle...... do not buy this phone it is not worth a penny.....I wish amazon could give me a refund.

I ran over my phone, yes I really did, and since my plan doesn't provide a new 1 until next year I purchased this one.  I didn't expect much for less than $50.  I was pleasantly surprised!

Bought this as a replacement cell phone for my son.  It's a good, basic smart phone with many features like the slide out QWERTY keyboard that is helpful for him.  He has large fingers and has more trouble with texting on an onscreen keyboard.  This phone does not have some features of the newer smart phones, but works quite well for e-mail retrieval and being able to access online information. Sound quality is good (not excellent), battery life is average.  Will last a full day (24+ hours) with moderate use and will last 5-6 days on standby.  Takes decent photos.  I rated it 5 stars because it's a decent phone with no real major problems.  He uses it to listen to music while he's working out and has had no difficulties.  Do not expect this to be on par with the newest generation smart phones, but it's a workhorse for sure.

I was very pleased with how quickly the phone arrived with free shipping. I was a little dissatisfied with the condition of the phone, it was pretty scratched up, and the SD card was removed. Therefore I had to purchase one separately. The phone works well, now that it has an SD card. Overall, I'm fairly pleased.

very bad item from the first moment I use it broken, slow, freeze, not even one good thing on that phone don't touch it.do me a favor rather keep your money in pocket and don't touch this phone and from this manufacture

too heavy and not enough features I really enjoy the pantech android 4G smartphone,wouldn't buy another phone like that ever

I purchased this to replace a damaged phone and it works well, but not as good as my Droid 2, but it came without a contract and I am very happy with my decision.

I was so happy to find this phone. I had one that I loved, but it was accidentally "drowned." I tried to revive it but couldn't so I went to the Verizon store and purchased the most worthless phone I have ever owned. It was a lemon, and Verizon would do NOTHING for me except offer me a refurbished phone of the exact same variety that was even a bigger lemon. One kind person at a Verizon kiosk at the local Costco suggested I try Amazon. There I found my original beloved Droid, brand new, very affordable, and best of all NO CONTRACT!!! I bought two, one for my brother and one for me, and I couldn't be happier! Thank you Amazon!

plz whrite me. i lived in georgia here is gsm , and this phone will worked in gsm or no ?

This phone absolutely sucks!!! Said good condidition is a lil beat up and cant make phone calls. I would not suggest this phone or company to anyone.

I realized when I ordered this phone that is was gently used, but when I received it the phone would not even turn on. The phone itself looked great but the backside of the battery was cracked and bent up and I'm pretty sure that's the reason why it wouldnt turn on. I was allowed to exchange so I had to just return it and I bought a different phone from somewhere else. Ice never had a problem like this buying off of amazon. A phone that doesn't work is not a gently used phone..

The battery is not charging , havent had this phone more than a month and its not charging. How can I return the phone?

I recieved this phone in good condition (fast delivery) but unable to recieve a charge from the wall charger. I had to purchase a battery charger for the phone. Found out the phone works better on the battery chargers. I was told the wall charger does not give the battery a 100% charge anyways. I gave this a 3 stars because of the charger. Everything else works GREAT!

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE LOVE IT EVERYONE SHOULD IT ONE, THANK YOU SO MUCH AND PROBLEM I WILL FIX IT MAY SELF. SO GREAT CELL PHONE LOVE LOVE IT

the phone does not work! It will not unlock. I have not had a chance to see if I can send it back

I purchased the most inexpensive item that I could find as I needed it as an extra to use infrequently.  It does evert thing I have asked of it.  I feel I got just what I paid for.

I was unable to use this phone due to the fact that it's only for Verizon Wireless members, and I use at&t.

had a bunch of problems with it and i had to factory reset it constantly, was really slow, also would shut its self down constantly

I would have loved the phone, but it was defective, Both Motorola and the selling Co. were very helpful, but we could not get it right, but I received my refund  quickly and was quite pleased the way it was handled

I've had this phone for close to 2 years now. It was a great phone, at first, as it was my first smart phone.  I have limited the amount of apps on the phone because with every update, it slows the phone. That's not my biggest gripe, however.The most basic function of all and the very reason why we all have cell phones has malfunctioned on more than one occassion. Sometimes, I'm unable to pick up a call. The touch screen fails and forcecloses the action to answer the call. It is EXTREMELY frustrating!The 'new every 2' upgrade can't come quick enough! As much as I'd like to stick w/ a droid, I've decided on the latest iPhone. I have an iTouch and the apps are much better than those on droid.

I purchased this phone used from amazon and i liked it right away. it worked better than the much newer droid I  lost and purchased this one to replace. It's a little heavy but then it has a keyboard which i though would be awesome but ended up not using at all.My big issue? After 6 months of use it kinda screwed me over all by its self, at 2a.m. I left it turned off and charging before I went to bed one night and was woken up by my husbands cell ringing. I was the caller (which really freaked me out as I knew my phone was on the first floor) so my husband ran down to see what was up. My call history folder showed that my phone had been calling random people from my contact list on and off for the last two hours. Again, it was two a.m. and one of those calls was to my grandfather, another to my next door neighbor, my aunt, family on the east coast (5am there) and a few other random people I should have deleted from my contact list years ago. Sure they think I drunk dialed, which is worse than the walk of shame!!I liked this phone till it dicked me over and freaked out myself and my family. Not cool Motorola Droid, not cool at all.

i liked this item because it was what i needed besides the fact that i came a little broken other than that it was good

I am adding to my previous review The merchant responded to my review and lied by omission. He contacted me last night after seeing my negative feedback. He at firstoffered me a replacement phone of a lesser model if I would retract statement. I responded that I wanted a comparable phone. He then agreed to so so and I was satisfied. Then he wanted me to retract statement immediately. I responded that once my daughter received phone in working order I would be happy to edit review. He then responded that now he  will give me a $25.00 refund (paid $100.00 for phone) I said that I wanted  a phone. He then went on and wrote his review.  Not only did Cass waste my time he obviously was only interested in me retracting my negative review and never planned on sending me another phone or partial refund.This has to be a fly by night company STAY AWAY!  As my previous review stated my daughter ordered a phone after 2 weeks phone was not holding charge She never told me until after 30 days of  receiving phone. After much ado Cass  credited account $3.00 for new battery Phone is not holding charge, dialing people randomly, now not working at all. My daughter is away at school and needs a phone that works. The merchant responded stating they were not aware of problem or he would have done something.That is a downright lie as I stated course of events above.

greatphone but if ur not a motorola person takes  some getting used towifi not too strong neds a better reciever

I chose this rating because the phone is wonderful... The details were 95% exact... Everything looks like new on it..  I chose this phone because I wanted an android and could not find one cheap any where but on amazon... I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a phone... If they need it quick and in great condition then this would be the place to go..

DO NOT BUY! It's a waste of money after 15 days of usage this phone has been doing stuff it self, it was great until it started opening apps, and playing music it self.

I love my new cell phone. It does not have any drop calls. Takes real good pictures. I like getting my phone in a timely matter. Thanks again.

May 5, 2012I am alittle nervous about this product as now it is no longer listed in sellers store (possibly sold out) would be nice to still see what the description was after purchase) and having read some of the reviews, but will update after receiving and testing it out.

This phone was good for maybe a week, it's completely unreliable, freezes, 'n types 'n clicks on icons completely on it's own.  It doesn't even allow you to type anymore.

nice product wish that the phone would have been unlocked. a good smartphone with a nice touchscreen and and cool keyboard.

Es un buen producto, ha cumplido la espectativa y fue recibido a tiempo, solo que el telefono vino sin la memoria.

My daughter needed another phone before her contract ran out.  I had a Droid so I bought this for her.  Works great and seller had it packaged nicely.

the phone was refurbished not new like i paid for. also the phones was broken to the point that the professional at verizon couldn't get it working.now this may have been an isolated incident but be leary about this product

It was good everything was working good but the back kept popping up, other than that it was really good quality and Iove it.

congratulate a great product. is what I wanted and the price given works perfectly. the product is just wonderful because I took two weeks

I have had this phone for a while now and overall it is a pretty good phone.  Pros-  Pretty solid build, good value for having cost around $30, great reception, physical keyboard (am using it to write this review, pretty hard to find on a smart phone nowadays.)  Cons-  Constantly freezez up, very very poor battery life for a moderate to heavy user. Keyboard takes some time to get used to. Cannot have many apps because most of them are not able to be put on a sd card, for example Facebook. Android OS takes some getting used to as well, and is not too stable on this phone.  Overall, I do like this phone and is a good inexpensive replacement smart phone. The design is also very sleek and have gotten a few complements. I would highly recommend it for anyone who quickly needs a cheap replacement.Update 1-30-14This is now one of the worst phones I have ever owned. After a little over two months of trying to deal with it, this phone has pretty much kicked the bucket. Could not even do the simplest tasks such as dial a phone number. I will be purchasing a replacement very soon. The only reason it gets two stars is because I really liked the over all design and the fact that it had a physical keyboard. But it runs Android version Froyo very poorly.

As I am a fan of Motorola phones, I chose this version hoping it would be as dependable as my previous phones. Not so; upon arrival (missing a promised 16G scan disk card)I had it activated and spent some time setting it up before trying the phone. The phone would not hold the screen image and I could not 1) end the call or 2) answer a call. A local cellular sales office checked and said it had a bad sensor that was required to function properly. I returned the phone for a full refund and chose the HTC Thunderbolt which arrived in perfect condition and has functioned flawlessly. I appreciated the ease of return and refund.

This is the WORST product I have ever brought on amazon ever. I purchased this phone to replace my iphone which was water damage. Bad idea. The phone came sleek with minimal scraches. I thought I was getting a catch because the phone was already wiped and the verizon store had little to no issues switching the number. The night of activation my boyfriend called me and I said 'hello' repeated. Something was wrong with the phone mic. And guess what theirs no settings for that. So now I am stuck with a phone which I can only text, download apps and SEE who is calling. I usually adhere to the number of bad reviews on her. So caution, you have been warned. Meanwhile I will be looking for a replacement phone for my replacement phone.

So not only did it come in the mail 3 days early! It works great and has some scratches but exactly what it told me it would! Im in love here :)

this is a great phone it is fast after you get a custom kernel and a custom rom and use a swap file to have more ram on it with ram expander it cost $10 but is is totally worth it would recommend this phone to a friend

i bought this phone from a friend a used it for about 3 months on a stock rom. then i rooted it and used cyanogen 7 on it and that alone made a world of difference. i now moved on to the bionic. im thinking of getting another droid 1 just to root and play around with

I got the phone so quickly.......And the phone looks very well...Nice appearance to me!! It is not expensive as well. Generally speaking, I love the phone and the seller together..Haha

Would have been great if it had worked for longer than a few days.  Then the ringer went dead.  Had to send it back in one week of receiving it!  Very disappointing.

Although I could not use it with my service and had to return it,,, I loved the way it felt in my hand and the features. I almost changed to verizon because of the phone.  If you are buying a phone for your service be sure to ask if it is a Verizon phone and or unlocked.

Well it was working just fine when I first received it but now it gets stuckn. It shuts off by itself and the power button does not work. I was exciting about receiving this phone but once it arrived I was very dissatisfied. I will not purchase anything from this company again. This phone was supposed to be new and apparently it isn't.

It's awesome and operates very well for an older phone. Only con is the keyboard. You have to touch it a certain way to use it effectively.

Phone was as good or better than described by seller, has worked perfectly for my daughter even after repeated dropping and smashing in a skateboard crash.

Do not get this phone. It is the slowest device I've ever had. It always force closes, it calls people by accident, it shuts off by it self, a lot of apps dont work. Please do not buy this phone!!!!! This phone will be a good phone for 1 month then it will be the worst.

My son saw this phone and wanted to buy it with his own money.  I was very glad to see that it arrived in great condition and in a timely manner.  He is very pleased with his purchase.

this cellphone is unlocked.. iam  from peru  and  i would to like to know if this cell phone  could  operate correctly  in my country with a diferent comapny

Can i activate this phone on a service that isn't version. I have some different company and i dont want to waste money on a phone that i cant activate on my company.

I didn't buy this phone on amazon I bought it from the local verizon store. This is one of the best phone on earth! It run google android 2.0 which is open source so, this thing has endless possibilities! You can run multipliable apps at the same time, has a excellent GPS, 5 mp cam, a real keyboard and has around 10,000 - 20,000 apps so you will find something for you. I was even able to tether it for free(I didn't even need to root it!) Way better then the Iphone. The only phone I have seen that I though was better is the nexus one ;)No geek should be caught dead without one!

Received this phone a few months ago, kind of thinking it was a shifty price I took the chance anyways. I opened the back, removed the battery and scratched off the white out in the phone to find the word refurbished, clearly if it was underneath white out the seller did not want it to be seen. The battery is also really weak, and it just stopped working today. The screen completely shut off while I was using it (I have never dropped it, thrown it or slammed it on anything). Worst phone I have ever owned.

its pretty good for its price. The phone doesn't die fast nor it freezes. Im impressed and surprised because it was almost new except 4 scratches that weren't major.

Does this phone contain a slot for a sim card? I use tmobile and my phone just broke but I want to make sure it works with a sim card.

I am pleased with this produce.  It was purchased for a teenager and we didn't want to extend our contract.  This phone was just as described and I would order again from this seller.

This phone was a replacement for the Droid X, which I dropped, cracking the screen. I found this phone to not be as user-friendly as the item it replaced. I am not completely comfortable using it. I have difficulty answering calls, by sliding the strip on the touch screen. More often than not, the call has ended before I can answer.

Phone works pretty good.  Wish there was directions.  For a used phone it works fine, but is a little tight on the sliding part and sometimes freezes.

Not in no kind of way was i satisfied with the product. It was all scratched up and beat beat up buttons on the side were missing screen was all scratched and cracked up

This phone freezes ALOT. Not just a little bit but ALOT. I could of got an Droid X2 / Droid X . Instead of this!

I am be no means a &#34;high tech&#34; person, so I am just getting used to this phone. It is just as described, I paid for expediated shipping and it arrived as promised. So far, I am liking this

The item arrived quickly and was in better condition then described in listing. More than willing to do business again.

I received the phone earlier than expected and got it activated with no problem. I purchase this for my son and he is so happy, he has a better phone than I do, really he has the best phone in the house. Thank you for great customer service.

Good basic smart phone for a great price.  I can't tell if these are brand new or refurbished, but have had no issues with mine since I got it.

I paid the full price for this paperweight. You CANNOT get prepaid service with this. I don't do contracts so the Verison $1.99 unlimited talk and text suited me to a tee. Couldn't authorize this phone on Verizon's web site. Called their authorization center and after the nice lady went through all the steps to authorize the phone I heard her say, "Oh no. Is this a smart phone?". Then she dropped the hammer. "We can't do prepaid on smart phones. You will need a full service agreement before it can be activated."Without activation you can do NOTHING with this phone. You can't even uses the camera!By-the-by, I have a Samsumg Blackjack II (smart phone) and it works just fine with AT&T;'s prepaid plans.I'm now looking for a buyer for the DROID and will sell it at a good price.

My grandmother bought me this last year for my birthday and it only lasted me one single month and a day exactly. (I know this because it broke a day after I payed for another month for the service.) I spent $200 of my money on a phone that wasn't properly built or made and I could of bought a iPhone which is much better then this.  It broke because I slipped and dropped it on CARPET ONE TIME.  After I dropped it the screen was black, so I assumed it was dead, but I was wrong.  I could still play music because I knew where the music button on the screen was, but I could not see what I was doing.  Yes, CARPET.  This phone is a waste of money, so if you are thinking about this phone for any reason DONT!  Go ahead and spend the extra money for a real phone, because this one is obviously terrible.

great phone but had to fix it because when it was refurbished they gave me a dented battery and some damage on the back cover.

I ordered this phone as a replacement to my Droid that went for a swim.  They didn't have the A855 after the order and upgraded me to an A955 - which was nice.The phone appears to have had its screen replaced as many of the flat pieces appear to be bent or misfitting.  Additionally, there are many scuff and nick marks on the body - but nothing on the screen.Having said this, the phone works great.  And with a new plastic cover, you can't see how badly it's beaten up.In all, considering the phone was needed to bridge the gap between contract phones (I wasn't paying $450 for a new phone), it's perfect.

i have not receive my phone yet i order it 10/28/2012 an it know 11/25/2012 when will i recieve it.

the phone didnt work at all.. the pages wouldnt stop moving even tho the phone wasnt even in my hand... i couldnt send it back cuz they wouldnt pay for shipping. so im out 35$ DONT BUY FROM THEM

When you search under prepaid phones, this phone will show up. this phone ONLY works under a contract. The seller will try and explain the (no contract) means, to them, that you get it at that price without signing a contract.You still have to be under a contract to use this phone with verizon!

Great phone...everything came as ordered and worked well and at a fantastic price. I would recommend this seller if all their products are this good. The phone was slightly scratched at the edges of the metal but I expected that from a used phone.

This was a present for my sister. She had a mishap with it and it fell in water days after getting it, but we threw it in a bag of uncooked rice and the phone bounced back like a champ. Still works fine months later.

Product came on time! Was not damaged! which is a good thing for me because it was my first time ordering a phone off the internet. Company is very supportive....they sent a number just in case i needed it. Also gave my 45 days of FREE insurance. So Thumbs Up All The Way!

first off bought this for my gf.good:it works.bad.came with liquid inside the screen!glitchy!camera keeps coming on randomly.cant call people with out a blue tooth head set,horrible.

it came on time but did not have instructions  also did not let me know that it needed a micro SD cardits the little things that make it hard when trying to get it up  and going with a new product

This is the worst purchase I have ever made with Amazon. This phone is absolutely  terrible. I wish I could return it. I thought I just had to learn the phone but after having the phone, I'm not even sure this was a brand new phone because it blinks out constantly, I cannot hear on the phone without using the speaker phone, it takes almost a whole minute to switch between ANY screens on the phone. These are just a few of the problems I am having with this phone. This was a horrible purchase for me.

I love the touch screen keypad combo. Little old and little slow, but it's worth it for me. good deal.

Had a little trouble with Verizon getting it started ,,, but got it going. Now just have to figure out how to use it. thanks

This was for my daughter.  Now I have to fill in more words just to submit this review aint that dumb.

When I got this phone (it was supposed to be new), the store manager at my local verizon said the battery had water damage. I contacted amazon and they told me that I could return it or take a discount in order to buy a new battery. I took the discount (mistake), and now the phone has suddenly stopped working. The screen is black and will not come up at all. I  have had to buy a new phone.

Love the original droid. This thing is simple and can be used for many other things. I actually don't use it as a phone, but for everything else it does great.

I've had this phone for 4 days now, and still don't feel like I know how to use it. Some aspects seem confusing. I should preface that by saying that I am not a young person, and technology is not second nature. This review will, I hope be understood by someone who, like me, is older and finds learning new things a little slow.The basic phone part is different, and when receiving a call, you need to slide a symbol over to the right in order to answer. I haven't decided whether this is operator trouble or whether this key is not working properly, but I can slide that key only about half of the time, so I miss the call and have to return it. I am told that when I get used to the touch screen, that probably will not happen. Hope this is true. (had a touch screen with my old phone, but it wasn't a smart phone and had a much different feel.)I probably won't be using the email messaging that much, as I feel much more comfortable doing that on my laptop.I plan on using this phone to play music on a docking station, and it works fantastic for this purpose, I'm able to access the internet radio stations and play anything I want to. Great , I got the phone to do just that.Now for what really is sticking in my craw. I received this phone very quickly, inserted the battery, activated the phone, but I found that since this one does not support backup, I took it to my local verizon store to have them transfer my contacts and pictures. We then discovered that this phone did not contain an SD card, which enables you to take pictures and save them and keep them in the phone. Old pictures could not be transferred until they installed one at $20.00. This seller failed to inform me that this was not included, and technically, it said the order contains a phone, wall charger, and manual, so in that respect they were indeed correct. If you are like me, you are not aware of things like this and frankly, I felt a little cheated, although technically, they win, they just didn't bother to inform the buyer that is was missing. So......the main thing I want you to know about this phone, or any refurbished phone you may purchase, you will need to educate yourself as to what is needed to fully operate this phone, and ask the seller if it is included. My seller offered to send me one free of charge, which would have delayed the use of this for another several days, and it was just easier to have one put in while I was transferring my personal stuff from the older phone. The seller assured me that they were not out to cheat me, but my point is that if they would send me one for free, they should have put it in the phone before they sent it to me.For more accurate information on this phone read the reviews here, they helped me decide to buy one, and I'm sure when I get used to it, I will like it. Much more to learn and know than with a basic phone, but when I get over the bad feeling about the SD card, I'm sure it will be just fine. :(

I recieved my phone really fast. It looked brand new but after an hour on the phone with Verizon we figured out that this phone is No good and Now i'm waiting for feed back so I can get my refund. This phone wouldnt activate at all!!!!!

The phone speacker didnt work very goodSo i tryed it for a used att phone.i wrote give back money or let me have a nother one and i did get rspondesI like to get a att  instade.that works.?"

This phone arrived today and i got it for a gift for my mother for christmas.first of all on the sellers page it said the phone was suppose to be "new" when i got it today and opened the box i noticed  the phone had dents on the corners and was dirty by the camera it looked in terrible condition it was hard to slide open the keyboard, and the buttons were hard to push. So they lied or mixed up, but either way it wasnt supose to be like this. I bought this phone to use with a sim card and it didnt even say it was from verizon or didnt fit sim cards. So now im very pisted off and have to return it and strugle to find another better phone from a better seller and pay even more for one day shiping to get it by christmas. Also the good reviews are all B.S and arent real or they just got lucky. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!! I HIGHLY RECOMEND YOU DONT IF YOUR READING THIS! DO NOT GET SCAMED LIKE I DID AND DONT BE FOOLED AND MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID BY THIER GOOD REVIEWS! THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP!!!!

My boyfriend wanted to replace one of his phones and had me order this.He loves it and it arrived early!

Just switched from a basic plan to the Share Everything Plan with Verizon a few weeks ago and since me and my sisters phone upgrade is not until May I decided to buy us each a cheap smartphone so we could start simple because we have never used smartphones before. If you are just starting out then this is the way to go. I bought them with Deal You Need. Although it is much higher now than when I bought it I would still encourage anyone to buy this from them. The phones I got came brand new(I REPEAT BRAND NEW!!!), with the original box and manual, a wall charger(not the original one though but that's ok it's still new), and a free rubber case for the phone(which works great by the way!!), FAST SHIPPING via UPS I think I got them in like 2 days. I was a little skeptic(from ALL the reviews) but I'm glad I made the purchase. Sometimes the risk is worth it! If you want to ask me more about my experience feel free to comment and leave questions!

I think that this is a great phone for the price. It has a nice 4" screen and a good 5mp camera. It lags a bit but I think that can probably be fixed. Please note that this phone does not have a sim card slot so you can only use it with Verizon in America. I had to return this phone because it did not work in my area. If you use Verizon and live in America and want a decent phone for the price, then by all means go for it :)

Great phone for the price of 40 or 50 as long as it works right. Verizon plans as low as 70$ for month to month.

This was a bad purchase.I don't like the phone .The phone is usually off track and I must push it back in place to keep it centered.This was an expensive purchase but the quality was poor.If you comment on my negative remarks,please keep in mind you asked and I answered honestly.

I think the price for this phone is awesome! Its awesome for the condition and products it comes with..in the end its worth it!

The phone was a  Version , so had to get it flashed to my carrier. My problem i know, but the phone sends random texts to whomever...the seller offered to replace it, if i sent back the original box and i didn't have that. Also the charger was faulty so i replaced it the second day i had it.  Not a bad phone, not sure about the seller, but will not flash phones again.

Everything else worked, but I can only make calls on speaker phone or with a headset which is very useless and inconvenient.

This is my first Smart phone and I wonder why I waited so long. The Amazon wireless customer service team was great to help me assess the options. The features on this phone are easy and I really like the slide out keyboard. It is small and compact and fits easily in my pocket without any bulk. I am a fan of Motorola products. I was able to purchase this phone without a contract since Verizon would not discount a phone since my contract date was not up for renewal. If you need a phone always buy from amazon and not the retail store.

I love this phone because it is easy to use and navigate. I love that there are already great apps that I need on the phone and I love how the charger works that comes with the phone. I don't like the fact that it is not a verizon phone. I took it to get activated and the people said it is an alltel phones. The word verizon was not on the bottom of the phone like it was supposed to be.

I like the phone a lot, I received it before the date they told me I was going to receive it,but I returned because it was not unlocked and it did not say that was from Verizon.

Was not pleased with performance of this product at all, would not hold charge and froze up all the time. overall it did not work. so returned the product. I wouldn't recommend this model at all. Waiting for my refund.

Broke after about a month.

great price fast shipping and a very good phone so far looks new no scratches on the screen still trying it out but so far so good love the wifi mode to get on internet

I purchased this cell phone with the understanding it was new.  It has not worked correctly in the last couple of days  The screen scrolls at radium and the speaker does not sound right. When playing music it will shut off the song playing and ask for a selection.  Is there a warranty for this phone?  There was no paper work with the shipment, only the manual for use. I feel this phone was pretty expensive for it not to work correctly.

I hate this phone!!!!!  It is very slow and it freezes up all the time. Wish I didn't waste my money on this junk. DONT BUY IT

don't waist your money on this phone after two weeks stop working I never was disappointed about something I buy before this is the worse phone I ever have

definetly disappointed with it, touch screen completeley stopped working only a week, blessing in disguise though cuz i got an iPhone 4 and love it

Slide out keyboard does not work properly! Appears to be in a bind. The phone was not as advertised, and I was very disappointed.

The inside was a little to damaged for me.  Other than that the out side looks just like the picture.  I just could not gift it like it was.

This was a good investment. My son and nephew enjoyed the phones . I would reorder from this company. Great

From what I read is a great phone I would like to buy when you can use it in Venezuela&iexcl;

The phone is not working. And its sad because I sent the phone to Africa. soo sad now, hope it doesn't happen again

I bought this phone and it had issues from the get go. The power key wouldn't function and it wouldn't charge. I chose to send it back for another phone. I was made to pay shipping and the next phone had similar (although not exact problem). I attempted to send back this one but they told me I couldn't as the time frame had past. (The first phone I had waited a couple weeks to return prior to getting the new one. I did not have the second phone in my possession long before contacting them however it had been over a month since the original phone was purchased. This company wasted over a hundred dollards of my money for a waste of time. Wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.

This was a nice phone. but it stopped working completely after 3-4 days. Screen size was ok, a bit smaller than some. Going back to Samsung brands.Seem much more reliable.

This cell phone was a big disappointment. It came with no headphones, no sim card, (because there was no sim card I couldn't  even take pictures) it also takes about 6 hours for it to charge. I do apologize but I totally wouldn't recommend it.

I know that these are good working phones because I have previously owned one. within six hours of me opening and activating the phone dies and I cannot get it to charge again. all the phone will do is have a blank screen and blink. I tried everything possible to get it to possibly start working again and nothing works. if you ask me this is all a scam and I wouldn't waste your money!!!!

Does not work well.  My daughter had to glue it together when it was 3 weeks old.  Only works part of the time.  I guess you get what you pay.

In the description, it stated that the phone was in new condition. When I recieved the phone, the power button was loose and about to break off. I turned the phone on and it had someone else's contacts and background on it. This phone was definitely not new and I am VERY disappointed with this purchase and seller.

I bought this as a secondary wifi-only Android device to use as an updated Chumby. This has a good speaker inside. Its USB driver is supported on many types of laptops. Much hacking info available on the internet for this model. It's a bit slow but it works fine, and the speaker quality is good

This was the worst thing I have ever bought off Amazon. The battery was shot, the product did not match the description, and the charger didn't even work. Huge waste of money.

I like the slider keyboard.  I tried to get an Otterbox Defender case but to no avail as only Commuter series available for this model.

this is terrible! i bought a referbished phone an the speaker is not working and it is just all messed up! dont bye from this

I bought this phone and used not even 2 weeks, at first I had to charge it 3 times a day at least, and then just like a week after the phone got frozen till now, I can't do a single thing with it and now can't even charge or turn it on. This is definitely not a new phone like they said when I bought it. Now I don't have a phone. I need the seller to contact me please.

This phone was great for the first 3 weeks.  Now the volume button can raise the volume but not lower it.  The company will replace the phone only AFTER I ship this one back, which means I'll be without a phone for a while.  This is not very satisfactory customer service.

I choose this rate because I am having problems with this phone already. I have not had this phone for a long time now my screen is black and I can't see anything. I didn't drop the phone either. I wish I never bought this cell phone.

this motorola droid is a neat phone i would very highly recommend it it was gotten for a  teen ager and it does everything he needs to do

I love this phone for these reasons:No long term contract.  I use the prepaid service $.13 a minute offered on this phone. You must use in 1 year.Everywhere I go I can connect to WiFi for free get all the internet stuff, email, voice recognition, etc.I am starting to write programs for this phone and develop games.Sure there is the inconvenience not of instantly calling and not using the internet in a park or remote area.  Butno  $60  to $70 monthly plan.CP

i really liked this phone. the only bad thing is how much it froze. it was beyond normal. i wish it still works. the recent thing it does, is select things on its own and scrolls through stuff by itself. i cant use it anymore cuz i cant select things. and i purchased this march 1st and its june 3rd and that is a short time

the phone is in pretty good condition as i know of, but the phone did not get here when i expected it. Days later i ended up paying for expedited shipping and it was longer......go cheap dont pay for any faster way of shipping. i was hoping this was going to get here for a present for my husband and it ruined my plans we will say.

well I had a droid 3 then that pooped the bed, then I went to a thunderbolt by htc, that pooped the bed as well, so I used a prehistoric env2 my sister used when she was a lot younger, and I was planning on using that until I left for boot camp. That didn't last long, anyways, I wasn't sure if I wanted another poop phone or a decent one, and I didn't want to spend much. I found this phone here on amazon and was pretty intrigued by it's price, I just received the phone and im very happy with it. I somewhat expected some things with the phone, like lag and stuff when switching from app to app, but that's common with most droids, so don't let that deter you. I understood the phone was either used or refurbished and when I looked at it I thought it was brand new! very impressive at such a low price. I can now play music from my sd card that the phone supports and stream Spotify music over a home or car stereo with the audio jack.The pros of this phone are as is : pretty much everythingCons: operating system isn't the best (slow at times)Top Line (lol) : don't expect the system to work at super speeds, but decent.Bottom line : the price is something you can't argue with and YOU WILL BE SATISFIED. (for what you're paying.)Also it's a lot better than buying a replacement phone from Verizon, because you will have a hole in your pocket

My phone arrived a day ahead of schedule and i absolutely love it. it is in excellent condition as described with charger and 16 GB sd card. I could not have asked for anything better than this wonderful surprise in my mailbox today, and I am very grateful.

I am satisfied with my purchase. It currently functions well, but there are occasional freezes with buzzing sounds from it.

I LOVE IT! It is very good and still works well since I bought it a couple months ago. great!

the phone was supposed to be new. It wasn't. It had water damage and didn't work very good.  The power button didn't work and you had to slide the phone open to get the screen to work

i ordered this phone because i didn't have money to order a brand new one. this one was supposed to have a few minor scratches and wear and tear. when i got the phone, it was covered in grim and dirt. i had to wipe it down before i would even use it. it's so scratched up, it's unreal. the phone works great, but it's completely destroyed on the outside. i do not recommend this.

This Phone was Awesome to have and was one of the best Phones that i have had in a long time, and i have had a lot of phones. This Phone is super tough and is long lasting and very durable. I gave this Phone a 5 star rating because it is strong and will last as long as you don't drop it a lot like I did. Some of the Cons to this phone is that the screen can pop off and the cases that you can buy are not very protective but other wise this phone was totally worth the money that i had spent on it.

Does anyone know if I can insert a AT&T chip in it, because I don't want to order it and i can't put my sim card in there.

This phone is crap. Its loaded with great features but it breaks all the time. The screen cracked three times and finally the insurance that I got with the phone dropped me and Verizon would not support it. Every other person I know that has this phone has broken the screen too. We are all left with months on our contracts with no usable phone. I've had many other phones and none of them have ever broken but this one was built cheap. Don't buy it!

This is the worst purchase I ever bought- 2 months later and the phone stopped working!  Not to mention they LIED when they said it was new.  This is first generation and I was told by Verizon that it was not in New condition.  And now, I have to buy a new phone!  I will never buy from this seller again!!  Don't waste your money!

This phone was purchased for my son and the only problem he has had so far is the battery life. The phone will not hold a charge for long he gets a few hours and the phone is dead.

Received cell phone as described.  Yes it was new and no known flaws.  It item works excellent.  I strongly recommend this EBay vendor.  The item was delivered as scheduled.

Pandurchased a new phone but recieved a used phone. And the battery is dead and will mot charge. And no sd card.

This is THE WORST phone!!  The Droid's screen jumps without reason in phone, email and internet mode.  If I want to call the last number dialed, after hitting "recent calls" and then the number, the screen highlights the first number but jumps to the second or third number and dials the wrong number.  This also happens with emails.  I hit one email and it opens the email an inch down the screen.  The most frustrating of all is when this happens in internet mode.  I'll hit a web page and the screen either freezes (30% of the time), jumps (30%) or does nothing (30%).  This means I get the desired webpage only one third of the time.  If I hit the link twice it often freezes totally so I have to press the home screen to start again.Sometimes the screen just freezes.  Period.  A call is coming in and I am swiping, swiping, swiping to answer and -- no screen recognition.  I miss the call.  Sometimes when I try to search the internet on the phone and hit "DONE" or the search icon, the phone does nothing.  I have to back, back, back out and start again.I've called Verizon and I've called Motorola.  Both horrible.  Why does the phone work in one mode just fine 20 times and then all of a sudden change?  It's unbelievably frustrating. They recommend that I get a Ph.D. in cell phones, essentially.  They tell me that If I change to setting X when I want to do this and change to setting Y when I want to do that and always remember to hit unbugging this and USB mass storage that...give me a break!  I've never changed these settings.  Why do I have to change them now to do the same things I've been doing?  It should work the same way all the time.The shutter froze shut the first time I used the camera so I can't use the camera or apps requiring a camera.  Motorola/Verizon were willing to fix it if I sent it back for repair for -- ready -- THREE or FOUR weeks.  Are you kidding me?I'll never get a Droid again!

i got a question, im willing to buy this phoine but im not with verizon , is there any way i could fit my sim card in it?

this in my opinion is an amazing phone.pros..-very fast, phone never lags.-QWERTY keyboard-a huge screen.-high resolution-5 mega pixel camera-a very loud and clear speaker-you do NOT have to have a contract with this phone(i use page plus)cons....-a bit heavy-battery like is okay but a little below average-takes a while to charge-sd card slot is under the battery so this can be quite aggravating taking it out.this is by far the best phone ive ever had.this is also my first review on here ^_^

This is my first nice phone and i enjoy this droid product very much. I purchased this product used and it was sent quickly with everything included minus the memory card. I would not have known it was used if not told so when i ordered and am very happy with its looks and performance, thanks alot!

paint is coming off, its slow beyond belief and the slide was broken when i got it  would never purchase again.

The original Droid, what can I say except it shows its age. Since I bought it about 4 months ago, the volume only goes up, but I got an app to control the volume. It doesn't have a button for sleep mode like the BlackBerry, but there is an app for that. It randomly reboots itself and can't upgrade the O/S above Android 2.3, no apps for that. I chose this one because it had a keyboard, but after a few weeks it was easier to use the virtual keyboard. The keyboard always feels like it is going to slide off because there isn't a lock to hold it in place.

The back of the phone will not close properly. I have tried to do it multiple times and it will not close. Besides that, it is fine.

Hi i would like to purchase this phone but i would like to know if this phone carry a Sim card.Plz let me no thank u

great phone hope it worksand i really really really like it hope its okay with phone carrierooh. ok

This phone has worked out great. It was in very good condition when I received it. I really like it.

I bought this phone for my daughter as a replacement for her previous phone that had an unfortunate encounter with a microwave (don't ask).  The shipping was extremely prompt.  I ordered the phone over the weekend and it arrived the following Thursday.  The phone was in great condition. You hardly even notice that it was used.  My daughter loves it so I call this a successful purchase all the way around. I would definitely recommend purchasing from CityTek.

i got the order before anticipated delivery date. i ordered 2 one was everything that i expected and the second one was locked with no way to get into it. i contacted the seller and with in a few hours i had a reply with how to fix the problem. i am very satisfied with the customer support that i received

I bought this phone March 2012, after a week i noticed a button wasnt working, but i ignored it, but after 2 months, the home screen button wouldn't work and a month after that the whole touchscreen stopped working

The charge conecter on the phone was broken and it wouldnt charge. I sent for a return, i didnr mail the phone out in 24hrs so well see if they give me a return still.

ok phone. it works well for calling and texting but has a little to be desired for browsing and internet capability but works ok for my needs

well tha shipping wasnt bad but could of been better than what it was tha phone works awesome couldnt ask for a better phone thx Noble Planet for tha Verizon Motorola Droid A855 Android Cell Phone

It arrived on time in great condition overall. I was able to activate it on prepaid service. After activation I got  critcal android updates from motorola. This phone is very fast, good quality sound and video. No freezing up. and the Battery life is great and the phone is like new. Good job guys!

I bought the Droid 1 from cells and cams for less, and it arrived almost a week before the estimated shipping date, which was great. The problem was it came without the micro sd card that the ad said it would come with, and when I got one and put it in the phone does not except it, the phone just says no card is inserted, so I can not take pictures or have more than a few apps, I need to get it replaced, all in all kinda worth it.

You can tell that it was a used phone but so far it works OK. Got it for my 13 yr.old because he dropped his galaxy in the shower its a down grade for him but still a pretty good phone.

It said on Product details Verizon. most all verizon phones doesnt use Sim Card. i know it doest say its verizon on main product picture etc. but does say on PRODUCT DETAILS. im wanting verizon service nd checked all info throughly before i make purchase nd rely heavily on customer review.

Before I buy this phone I wanted to know does it works with Boost. Because I don't know. I want to know before I actually buy this phone.

Overall, I'm happy with this phone. For being an older one, it's in pretty good mechanical shape. However, the speaker on the front of the phone (for calls in non-speakerphone mode) Doesn't work very well. I had to buy a bluetooth headset so I can hear my calls. The camera and video recorder work great. Some apps don't work with this phone. For instance, a lot of apps take forever to load, or it just makes the phone freeze, which brings me to my next point. The phone freezes all the time for absolutely no reason. I'm sure it was a great phone for its time, and it worked well in a pinch, but I will be buying a better phone when tax season rolls around :D

half the price of other smart phones, works great, only neg . is small screen.would buy another.if needed. shipped fast.

good evening, first I want to know if this cell is connected to a 3G network? second, if the answer is yes, the band used is the same as at & t (1900)?, need to buy a cell phone to connect 3G in the band 1900 only, is the band that uses my mobile provider in Venezuela, grateful for the information you can give me, excuse the English, but translated it in google, ;-) jajajajajajaja, thanks youMarlon

Waste of money.. want a refund! The fone is way too slow, the touchscreen has a mind of its own.. can't even send a text.. very disappointed.

I had two of these phones in the past, one belonged to me and one to my wife. Both ended up dead within a few months. I never had a phone last as little as these and haven't had one since last this little. They were nice enough while they lasted, I really liked the slide out keyboard. But I have heard from phone company representative and obviously from my own experience, and all say that this phone is horrible quality.

i just got this phone but i have a major problem i have Tmobile and i had seen a comment that said it should work on a tmobile sim.... but i don't see where to put my sim!! it doesnt have a sim holder:( and i was hoping i would get to use it

After receiving this phone as a replacement phone for my Droid 2 Global, I was greatly disappointed. First of all it is so different from the newer generations of Droids. Second, I tried activating the phone and it would not let me. I called Verizon to have them activate it and they even were unable to. They ended up talking me through a manual activation. Ugh what a pain. Third, After being on the phone for 30 minutes just trying to activate it, I tried connecting to the 3G network. It would not connect. It wouldn't even connect to my WiFi while I was sitting right beside our router. Verizon techs could not figure that one out either. I can now make and receive calls but nothing else. Text messages...nope. Internet...forget about it. BUYER BEWARE OF THIS FIRST GENERATION ANDROID!!!!!

just got in looks very good, for no scratches. works well nice for price.Easy to use, very glad i got it.

When I originally ordered this phone, I was disappointed because it showed up in bad shape. I emailed the company and had a response within 10 minutes! They shipped me out another one the next day. They turned a bad experience into a good one! I will order from them again.

So I had bought this phone and it was working great came on time then after maybe a year it froze and stopped working

everything works fine with the phone. the only problem was we waited until after the thirty day return policy and before we, final had the time to have the phone active and switch over then we find out the ample speaker phone it self was broken inside so we could not talk directly into the phone next to your ear. So the only way to talk and be heard was to use the speaker phone so every one could hear your conversation. So what we did was purchase a wifi ear piece.

I'll keep this short and sweet.1. I was sent a broken phone.2. They wouldn't respond to my emails.3. Amazon had to contact this company because they didn't have the balls to email me back.4. Once this company got back to me, they said I would get an RMA number so I could return the phone5. Its been 2 weeks and still no RMA number.MAIN POINT**** DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY, THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF, WORST CELLPHONE COMPANY EVER*****IF YOU BUY A PHONE FROM THIS COMPANY BE READY FOR A HEADACHE

It already broke where you plug in the charger. It was faulty to begin with. Now i need to buy an external battery charger. Ugh!

I purchased a droid 2 from this company on Dec 16th for a christmas gift for my son. He ended up with a different phone so we never activated. I sold this phone to a friend last week, and when he went to Verizon to activate it they told him it was a defective phone and had originally been activated in 2010. Be careful when buying from this company, the phone was listed as new.

I bought this to replace my current phone because it was damaged. I got this in really great condition. This phone was just way to slow for me, couldnt complete simple tasks. So i sent it back.

The first week I thought it was great then it started freezing and now I can't even send a text message or anything because the screen acts like I'm touching other buttons and goes crazy half the time I can't even answer the phone. I don't have another phone to use to try and send this back I am very disappointed!!! The signal sucks don't buy this phone!!!

At this point, I would prefer a $10 phone that just made phone calls [period]. The touch screen is constantly malfunctioning... doesn't work if it's hot, doesn't work if it's cold, doesn't work if it's cranky for no reasonably explainable reason. Also, *EVERY*time I talk on the phone, just placing my cheek up to the phone (Where else are you supposed to put your cheek if the phone is up to your ear?), it will press random buttons -- e.g. mute, end call, dial other numbers, open random apps, etc. The is highly frustrating and disruptive to my calls. Another annoyance for the person on the other line is that I get constant complaints that my voice sounds muffled. I never had these issues with my old phone or any other phone I have previously owned (all various Motorola models-- none which were touch screen). Also, the touch screen often freezes or is delayed. My gmail is slow to sync, even when I have full service (i.e. all my bars) and I am well within the 3G network. If I could have returned this phone the day after I bought it, I would have because these all issues were immediately obvious. The problem was that I bought the phone from a Verizon distributor, which apparently isn't a true Verizon store. They had a crazy policy that once I bought the phone and disrupted the packaging in any way (cut a small piece off the box for the rebate) then I could never return it. So... I'm stuck with this phone until my 2-year contract ends next March... which is marching along painfully slow!!

The keyboards lights worked for about a hour its hella slow and the battery sucks!!! Came fast and works good when it acctually works...

fast at first, but once you start using it the phone slows and takes forever to load home screen, other then that screen resolution is really good.

I purchased this used and when it said used i was assuming they meant functional but i guess not. I have only had it for a day and the touch screen is already messed up, i haven't dropped it or anything either. The front buttons also barely work and the spot for the head phones is also broken too! This is the only time i have had to complain about a product on amazon but this was just pure crap, and i hope other people haven't been scammed like i have

I saw a case in one of the pictures titled "All the items the phone comes with" does it really come with one?

The phone is brand new, it says used, but it doesn't look that way! I am very happy with the phone and I totally reccomend these people to get phones from. The shipping was slow, but I don't care cause it was so worth it with this GREAT QUALITY!! I'll totally reccomend to friends.

THIS PHONE IS HORRIABLE I TRIED TO CALL MY GRANDMOTHER AND SHE COULDNT EVEN HEAR ME WHEN I SAID HELLO TO HER SHE JUST KEPT SAYING HELLO HELLO HELLO AND THE ONLY WAY I COULD TALK TO HER IS I HAVE TO PUT MY PHONE ON SPEAKER WTF SO DONT NOT BUY FROM THIS SALER I WANT MY MONEY BACK FOR THIS GARBAGE AND DONT GET ME STARTED ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE CHARGER DOESNT WORK

The phone is small and a bit slow, but is better than a lot of the newer phones on the market today... hands down this phone beats any Samsung, or  Nokia I've ever used.  Very pleased with the product as far as durability.  Call quality is great.  Would recommend,...

A few scratches other wise very nice except the its hard to keep the charger plugged in.  She likes it and is getting used to using it.

this phone comes up when you search amazon for metro pcs phones, its a verizon phone, thats not very helpful !

The product stated that it was like new while there are some surface scratches and the qwerty keyboard isn't too tight at all

As any phone would be,it's slow.But, I like it a lot, it's very fancy :) :D :) :D

the replacement phone Motorola droid a855 met all the requirements of my 17 year old Grandson.  It works well for all the texting that he does

Glitches out alot. Definitely wasn't as good as I was expecting. I'm assuming it has something to do with the previous owner.

It dropped calls constantly and it would dial on its own while being on the phone! Would drop the call after a minute or so and sometime's right after the other person would pick up. Horrible phone not happy at all. Had to return it!

good phone my son loves it very much very pleased with it i rate it very highley thank you terri

i should have look at this product closely,didnt know it could not carry a sim card,sad part about it sad

When the phone was sent out it was received within a timely manner, but as it turns out it was the wrong phone. So I sent it back and I it took two weeks to gwt the next phone, this phone didn't work, the screen wouldn't turn on and when I asked for a new one they told me they had none left! And then I had to pay to return the phone and was not even refunded the eight dollars! So I ultimately spent 48 dollars just to be dissapointed. Don't ever order from this company, they're horrid.

Wasn't the way the seller said it would be. The phone is extreeeemly slow and freezes a lot, but for the price inwaa happy

oh crap just wrote my rewiew in the title damn sooo sorry i dont feel like rewriting it so yeahh

Great product and price for a no contract phone will all the G tools needed. Sure doe beat the price of other G models.

I used a Droid for about 1 week before getting a new one. It is indeed a great phone to use. very user friendly with their "android tips". the camera is pretty good and the sound quality is great. using the wifi and browsing the web is a piece of cake. Sad, the qwerty is a pain in the butt. the inset keys are not easy to press at all. i found myself missing a letter or adding doubles because i was pressing so firmly. I found using the electronic keyboard easier esp. if you like swype. unlike most sliders, where u can slide open with one hand, i had to use both hands to open. This phone was screwed on tight.I also don't like how the dialer would pop up when you are on a call, you would then need to hide it to reveal the contacts information. i wish the default was to show the dialer. now a days, most people do not dial numbers.I returned this phone because of software issues. I could only talk on the phone in speaker mode. For some reason the MIC doesn't recognize your voice without speaker mode. there was no work around even with a headset/earpiece. My friends still could not hear me on the other end. They can only hear me if i use the speaker phone. I performed two factory reset but the issue persisted. I even tried cleaning the mic with a needle. (which i read online fixed the problem for some people). i was close to rooting my phone but read online that this did not solve the issue. So i decided to just return it. If this phone worked perfectly, it makes a great phone. one more CON: this phone is pretty heavy. weighing almost 6 oz. it may not matter to those who travel lite, but when you have a purse full of other stuff, another 2-3 oz more, does hurt. esp when you're carrying your purse for upwards of 4 hours.

Well, Bought this phone recently with no contract to replace my BB Storm 2. Worked good on the first day and the android technology was impressive. However, stopped working right from the second day. Doesn't switch on at all!!! Tried removing the battery and put it back many times but with no success. Returning this product and never going to buy another Motorola phone. Piece of junk.

I bought this phone for double the cost of the used phones because I was told this was a NEW phone. The first week I got it, the phone went off and no one could figure out how to turn it back on. We took the battery out several times, and nothing happened. I took it to the Verizon Store and they couldn't figure it out either. They also told me that this was a refurbished phone, and could tell by the picture on the battery. They said this was NOT a new phone. I emailed the vendor and they never responded. It did turn on a couple days later, but there's constant problems with this phone. I get to re-new in a couple weeks!(I lost my cell phone and needed a replacement until I could re-new my plan and get a replacement phone)

I have nothing bad to say about this phone. The shipping was great! Very fast. The phone is awesome wish I would have purchased it long time ago. It's very easy to use, the battery life is great. Very happy with my choice!!!

I did not like the phone. It does not stay charged. My boyfriend b-day gift was not nice at all

the phone freezes all the time when u r trying to use it.  when u turn it sideways to use the keyboard, it will not turn back to vertical all the time.  it drops calls all the time.  the keyboard is not raised so it is hard to feel the letter boxes.  The biggest problem was the phone freezing when using it...just stopping and not doing anything.  I will need to return this phone as soon as possible.

The battery life is very short, It didn't even last the day. I have turned the brightness almost all the way down .and use it for no more than fifteen min talk time.

Did not come with the 16gb sd card as advertised. Everything else I have purchased has been fine. Thank you for your time.

A bit slow. Scratches easily so colored with black marker. otherwise I think it works fine since this is my first smartphone I don't know much about those yet

The phone came with no instruction booklet or manufacturer information.After only 1 week the back light quit working. so the text and internet options on the phone are worhtlessbecause you can't see the screen.  $99 is a lot money to pay for a phone even with no contract if it is going toquit working properly after a week.  I am looking into what needs to be done to return the product and ask for arefund.  Not happy with the product at all.

I am happy with the device..defenitelny refurb has plenty of scuffs and scratches on it but I brought a phone case so with the case on it I am very satisfiyed..no tech issues with the phone and charges great..surely worth the buy especially if you only need if for a few months..Thanks

probably its my fault for not reading all the details but my droid was with out a sim card slot,which doesn't serve me much purpose but to use my droid as a extra camera, i hardly use it but once im using it as a camera i find the battery to run out before the day up it holds limited pictures also, but that's just me probably i should read up more on the phone but it doesnt  help me out much at all

I got my phone very fast. The phone looks great. Im happy with that BUT I wish it had come with the book so I knew how to work all the stuff on the phone. Other then that I would buy here again.

We received the phone in a timely manner... It had a little wear which was mentioned before we bought is but has been working wonderfully since then... thank you so much

Does this phone work for at&t because i cant switch .... is it prepaid for at&t also cause i only got thay

Is easy to use,and good quality. i feel satisfied.I recommend it to every person to enjoy all your applications. thanks

This multimedia device is truly one for the books. I believe it really rivals, if not tops off the Apple i Phone 3.0G s. It has amazing features and the size and screen quality are impeccable. The built in memory (16GB) accompanied by the expandable micro SD slot is also a great feature. This phone solves the need for having a digital camera, video camera, MP3 player, cellular device,portable messenger, portable web browser and video viewing device. All those components of the device are top of the line and not lackluster as compared to many other smart phones.
