
The initial plan was for me to upgrade to the Epic and my mom to the Evo (family plan) That way I got to get hands on with both phones and make my decision. Unfortunately, ma wasn't eligible for an upgrade so my master plan was foiled. Damn you Sprint, Obviously with the Evo being out of stock everywhere.. I was happy to get the Epic, since it was the phone I was leaning towards. Plan B- I figured Through B.B. I could start with the Epic, switch to Evo and back to Epic on day 30.Epic- As a previous Palm Pre guy, I liked it in the hand. It felt good and very simliar to the the rounded shape of the Pre, only bigger. Noticeably bigger.. but what great phone isn't now days. As someone who has never used ONLY a virtual keyboard, I figured between that and the Super Amoled screen it was a no brainer, Epic all the way. The screen is Unreal. As said in each and every review, there's no question there. The keyboard initially had me saying "eh". It was very roomy, the exact opposite of the Pre. So it took me some time to get use to.. but once I did, I'll take that keyboard over the Pre's anyday. As for the phone and its software, Wasn't giddy but very nice.. However Android won me over. Wow, I thought WebOS was decent but Im a Droid dude now.. And probably for life. So this added to the excitement of the Epic most initially.So its time to see if this phone can act as my new daily phone. I played with it alot, but not to the extreme and the first thing I noticed was "Crap, this battery is defintely worse than the Pre" but also expected from Epic or Evo reviews. Uncharged at 8am this phone was screaming for the charger by arrival home at 5pm. Which from some reviews I take that as good, as other (defected?) phones say they only got 3-5 hours before needing juice. Now here was a big hang-up for me. From 8% battery the Epic took 3.5 hours to fully charge to 100%?? WOW! My Pre took 30-45 minutes so this was definitely a distraction. But Im one who usually charges my phone while sleeping so I just figured I'd use the phone less, and make it last the day. That never was achievable but I figure I'd figure something out later because I did like this phone.Day 10- I did encounter a major software issue with my phone that my AOL account would not push my emails. All settings were set correctly, and it would push for a couple time then stop. So I Figured it was about time to put myself on a waiting list at B.B for the Evo, as planned. To my surprise they had one. Guy at the store says he's never seen that happen, and sure enough 5 minutes in while changing phones, a guy comes in asking for the Evo. First Impression and I cannot explain why but... Giddy. This phone just felt better right off the bat. Better in the hand.. better first 30 minute impression playing with it.. This phone just right with it powered on or off. But I didnt want to get ahead of myself. My main issue was.. Battery. I thought the Epic was bad but heard this was even worse?! My plan initially was if I liked the Evo better.. I could always go with the 3500 MaH extended battery. The Epic has one on its way too, but for both it adss bulk.. And the last thing the Epic needs is bulk. So after playing with the Evo for about an hour with a Smile pastered on my face for unexplainable reasons I decided to charge it up and give it a test run the next day.Ok so.. I drilled this phone! Work was slow that day and I was on it almost 'all' day. Kinda like I was the first day with Epic only just alittle more. First impression.. by 5pm my phone still had 46% Battery. What??! I thought this battery was suppose to be worse. I really wanted this thing drained so I could see how long it took to charge. So I turned on everything.. 4G, GPS, internet.. just to drain the battery. By 10:30pm I got it down to 6%. I figured ok.. let's test it. Put it on the charger and checked it at 11:30pm. Mind you like clock work the Epic, would charge roughly 30% battery per hour, so after one hour charging the Evo... from 6% to 72%. Ok I'm in love! Not only is the battery better than almost any phone ive ever had, it charges 2 hours faster than the Epic. On top of that, my AOL emails pushed as set in my preferences. This phone had me at hello and I admitted to what I thought after first laying my hands on the EVO... This phone will not be traded on day 30.Breakdown:Screen- Epic screen is like watching an HD tv.. Its awesome! But the Evo's isnt too shabby either, and will not have you thinking damn I REALLY wish I had the Epic's screen. As well the .3 difference in screen size is noticeable nice.Keyboard- Epic has a great keyboard and my biggest fault to the Evo is the fact I havent gotten use to using the vitual one yet. if ever?.Battery- No contest. Epic= Terrible! Evo= Great! Light to medium use I could probably find a way to make the Epic's power supply last a full day. Under the same conditions I could make the Evo's last 2 days plus! Ive never had a day where I had to pre-maturely charge my evo. Even with medium to heavy usuage where the Epic would literally shut off by 5pm.. The Evo would hit the charger at bedtime with more than 10% everytime. As I write this.. My Evo has 32% battery with 22 hours since last charge. And yep I've used it today.. Both these phones are awesome, its almost impossible not to.Touchwiz/Sense- I dont know if this is one of the subconsciuos reasons I love the Evo over the Epic? Something tells me it might be but cant explain why. HTC just seems more polished in my opinion.Interent- Both seem equaully fast, with the edge maybe even going to the Epic. Considering its not even running Froyo yet, thats impressive. As for the fluidity only.. Definitely the Epic. Simply smoother.. But the Evo still surfs nicely.Camera- Epic's camera is great. And I read reviews and tests that it has a slight edge over the Evo. From the onscreen I can see it, Every Picture looks amazing on the super Amoled. But onced tranffered over to CPU.. Still good, but the screen has alot to do with it. I actually think the evo wins in picture quality but the Epic has the edge in Video and software (which is one of my favorite things about the Epic, Love the cartoon pics) But their are too many great camera apps in the Market to make me forget about 'The Simpsons' option.Tangibles- Evo Evo Evo! Hold both in the hand and it just seems like a tyson vs. me prized fight. Not that the Epic feels bad. But its bulky, and with an extended battery as a neccessity, it would be a brick. The Evo's squared construction suprised me, I thought it would have been the opposite. As well, the two part construction of the Epic eventually becomes an irritant. And the power button is in a position that I dont think I'd could ever get use too.I could probably go on and on in comparisons. But the bottom line is both of these phones are incredible. Expecially if your upgrading from something inferior. However, I'm really surprised to see any Evo owner switch over to the Epic. Unless you use your phone to watch moves and T.v alot, It just doesnt compute to me. Both phones have their advantages (ie. Epic has a superior internal and external speak to the Evo, But as well has an annoying "buzzing" sound when on the phone.) But the Epic has some huge issues the Evo doesn't. If the Epic is the phone for you I get it, and you have one super phone.. But if you haven't given the Evo a 10 day test yet to compare, you're making a mistake. It's worth the wait.

This phone is awesome; love the QWERTY; no complaints.When comparing with the EVO, aside from a slightly larger screen, the Epic wins out in pretty much all other areas that matter. That's not to say that the EVO isn't a great phone, cause it is, but the QWERTY + higher quality screen, faster processor, and a bit smoother graphics is what makes this guy a winner. The audio is also a bit better, and..well, since this IS a phone: that matters. For those who argue for the EVO because of the higher MP number, you can check out audio/video comparisons on YouTube.The Epic also supports 6-axis gyro control features and has a slightly faster processor. Aside from that, it comes with a 16GB SD card installed while the EVO, I believe, comes with much less (could be wrong here).Now aside from all that; I'm sure you'd be happy with either one, really (meaning either the Epic or Evo). In the world of phones it's like Ferrari vs Lamborghini.P.S. For those who say YouTube quality is lacking on the Epic: You have to press the settings key and choose HQ and voila. It's just the HQ doesn't show up on the in-video/HUD options as it does on the EVO, is all.

Bought this phone 4 months ago and still on android 2.1!!!This is ridicules, I don't know who's at fault...samsung,sprint or both.This phone may be great if you have never used an iphone but my problem is my last phone was the iphone 3g and going to this phone was like 2 steps back...NO JOKE!!Application functionality is the main reason; simple example... the facebook app on the iphone it was so simple to poke someone..Well the fb app on android no way to poke someone. I know this is a silly example but I am trying to show an example. Pretty much must of the application have limited functionality compared to the same app on iphone. Another example Yahoo app...you can make video calls on the iphone but on the android epic... NO Can do !!So yeah.. if you've never used an iphone you might love this phone simply for that reason.

so i had originally planned on ordering a evo because i was IN LOVE with that phone. but then my mom went and bought herself a samsung epic. i was skeptical at first, then i got to playing around with it and i fell in love with it. so i ordered one, and im even more in love now. this screen is so big and bright, by far the best screen ive ever seen on any phone. and the moving backgrounds are great! i absolutely love this phone ! *oh and im a 16 year old girl just to let you know my point of view.

I got a Samsung Epic 4G in 10/2010, and have found it to be the worst phone I have owned.  I am gentle with electronic equipment, so rough handling has NOT been a contributing factor. I put a rubber case cover on as soon as the phone came out of the box and have never dropped the phone.  6 months after I bought the phone, the ringer volume dropped to a barely audible level even though the volume indicator showed the ringer at full volume.  I took it to the Sprint service center, they did a Customer Reset.  Before the reset, the tech said he backed everything up.  After the reset and I am asking where are my Memo notes, calender events and other data? That's when he said they could only backup contacts to the card.  Everything else gets wiped out.My ringer volume continues to drop down even when the volume bar shows it's on full.  The screen goes dim like it does when you haven't touched the phone for a minute, but it will do this while I am typing, with the screen brightness not returning until several minutes typing only to go dim again a few minutes later.  This really sucks when you are trying to play a game or watch a video.  2 to 3 times a week, after I plug in the phone overnight for charging, the phone will be off when I unplug it in the morning. All of these conditions go away for a couple of weeks after a Customer Reset.At first, the Wifi would not connect and knock down 3G & 4G until I did a Customer Reset.  I took it to the Covina service center in 3/2012 after moving, & they updated some apps. Now Wifi will work some of the time and it does not know down wireless data when it fails. The Covina Techs have been using a Tech Reset to clear the problems, which does NOT wipe out Data, Apps or Settings.After months of doing a Customer Reset 2+ times a month, and loosing all data, apps and settings each time.  I don't bother to add apps, make any customizations, or add any data except contacts.  I loved the phone at first, and it's still great when it works, but I no longer trust the phone or Andriod since I am unable to find any way to get these issues fixed for more then a couple of weeks.I am ready to move on, even though my next upgrade is 5 months away.  It's worth the $75 not to keep having to use this phone.

Don't buy this phone if you want to use Google Nav or any other navigation app to help you find your way around.  The GPS is designed by Samsung to only work for about 5-10 minutes.  You will then have to reboot your phone before the GPS will work again.  Not a bad phone if you don't care about the GPS feature.  But if you want to use GPS my advice would be stay away from Samsung.

For Clarification I have had both phones and found this review the best way to describe the issues with Samsung and it rings true with the Epic as wellLet me tell you why I hate the Epic so much.... I was one of those guys that chose the Samsung Ace over the HTC Touch Pro (1). I was also one of those guys that chose the Samsung Moment over the HTC Hero. In both cases, I got SCREWED with an under-developed, under researched, faulty phones with serious software issues. I got ONE update in the year I owned the Moment... I NEVER got one with the Ace. Meanwhile, Samsung ever-so-gracefully and quickly released the "Intercept" and the "Intrepid" to replace the seriously flawed devices, while leaving all the idiots (like me) who bought those phones, out in the cold.... looking for their next upgrade. Samsung is NOTORIOUS for doing this - releasing a flashy, yet under developed crap to the public, and then providing little or no solutions to the customers.... and they have screwed me TWICE. Yet, the HTC Touch Pro 2 is STILL the best Windows based, internationally capable smartphone on the market... over a YEAR after it was released. And the Hero is still an excellent mid-level choice for an android device, while the Moment (although released at the same time), is a worthless piece of crap with 20 pages complaints floating all over the internet due to all its software issues. I'm so sorry for the folks that just bought a Samsung product. I actually feel BAD for the people that bought this thing..... and the more I'm reading about GPS fixes, keyboard problems, etc... the more I can't help but say...... "Well that figures". Most people would likely be SHOCKED that Samsung actually had the audacity to release a $500 super-phone that can't even get the GPS to work right. Not me... I'm not surprised at all... they did it on the Moment too.... and still haven't fixed all the bugs. I keep hearing people write "I can't wait to get the GPS fix".... or "I can't wait to get the 2.2 update". Meanwhile, My EVO shipped out with 2.2 from HTC. Mark my words......In 6 months..... Samsung will release another phone to replace (and fix) all the problems with the Epic (many of which I'm sure have yet to be discovered). They will conveniently rename it something "other" than Epic, so as not to draw any association to that device... and then all those Epic buyers will be out in the cold. Yes.... I've read the reviews.... the Epic is "superior" to the EVO due to its faster hummingbird processor.... great. But the Moment was superior in just about every way to the Hero as well..... and look how that ended up. I sincerely HOPE that the Epic is everything it's supposedly cracked up to be.... I really do, for the consumers' sake. I really hope that Samsung provides the necessary fixes, and necessary support for the device that they should.... and not just one or two updates..... but several, for years to come, as any responsible company SHOULD do after selling such an expensive device. ... but if their history proves correct.... they won't... and there's gonna be a lot of pissed off Samsung buyers.... just like me. Maybe the Epic is better than my EVO???..... I'm ok with that... but you'll NEVER catch me even glancing at another Samsung product..... ever.-Ninefourteener, cnet thread.

I am normally a big fan of Amazon.com, however in this instance I am not.  Amazon.com usually does very well with customer service, but when I wanted to exchange my sons cell phone for a different one within 30 days, they said "NO".  This is a practice that is very common with Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T.  Yet Amazon refused.  I made a commitment of 2 Years with 4 phones, unlimited data, and unlimited messaging through them, and they couldn't even commit to a 30 day satisfaction garuantee?  Very disappointed, and not worth the money saved by going through them!

I recently upgraded to the Epic after a long debate of picking either this or the EVO. So far, I'm extremely satisfied. I wont go into the long list of features and benefits talked about to death by other re-viewers.From my personal usage of the device there are a few things I can note that maybe others have not touched on.First off, the battery DOES seem to go down rather quickly. But once you take into account the amount of things you are actually doing on the phone simultaneously, its actually not that bad. I also found that if you download the APP KILLER app (its free on the Android marketplace), and shut down unneeded programs runningin the background, you actuallly boost the battery life quite a bit.Secondly, one of the key points that made me pick this phone over the EVO is the slide out keyboard. Its one of the most comfortable and efficient ones i've ever used. What impressed me the most is that even with the option of having the slide out keyboard, the touchscreen phone has a vibrant and easy to use virtual keyboard. I'm using the actual slideout keyboad much less frequently as I'm able to easily use the onscreen board, as well as the awesome swype feature.It is my first Android device, so it took me a few minutes to update and sync my contacts and calender. Once i got the hang of it, it was smooth sailing. Some of the other reviewers complain that the screen seems dimmer or "grayish" when placed next to the iphone or other android phone. Thats because there is an auto brightness adjustment feature which automatically dims the screen when you are indoors to conserve battery. You can easily change the screen settings if its not to your liking.Graphics are awesome and screen is crystal clear. I put it side by side to my wifes iphone, and there was not much of a noticeable difference.The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because for over $200, it would be nice if it came with some more accessories than just a charger and headphone. (maybe a case or screen protector / extra battery ?)

* Previous touch-screen smartphones I've owned over the past few years:T-Mobile Sidekick, T-Mobile G1, Droid, Samsung InterceptThe Epic blows them all out of the water and it's not even close.My favorite features*The Screen--it's crystal clear and the best screen I've seen on any phone (including the iphone)--it's big.. watching video or playing games or using apps, there's just a ton of real estate.*The Speed--By speed I mean the speed of the response time of navigating throughout the phone (apps/games/calls/msging)there almost NO lag time when compared to some of the other, aforementioned phones that I've owned.*The Keyboard--by FAR the best keyboard on any phone i've ever used- both onscreen and physical.The onscreen keyboard is touchy, but not too touchy and I've been using SWYPE typing more and moreand it's pretty amazing. The commercials make it look like it might be difficult, but once u get used to ityou probably won't type long messages w/out it.  Short messages I still just slide out the physical keyboard.Which is nice because it's got 3 features I love!----a FULL row dedicated for 0-9 (no more hitting shift keys to get #s)----A emoticon button (which triggers an onscreen menu to select which one you want)----NAVIGATION BUTTONS (Menu, Home, Back, Search) ..Makes navigating in web-browsing super slick.*Android OS of course--Once you go Android you never go back. Yeah it doesn't rhyme, but it makes sense. So many great appswith more released daily.  Some of my must haves are..~Where's my Droid (allows you to find your droid if it's on silent or even via GPS)~Dolphin Browser (best browser on Android -tabbed browsing, easy nav, fast)~Easytether/PDAnet (tethering apps, which is a great way to use your phones internet if don't want to pay for the tethering data plan)~ShopSavvy (scanner app)~Handcent SMS(Iphone like messaging)~Pandora (internet music)~Stitcher (podcast app)~TuneIn Radio (tune into AM/FM radio programs)~Fandango (movie theater app)~The Weather Channel (weather app)~Talking Tom (fun little app where you can get a cat to do some cool stuff)~Angry Birds (highly addictive game)The Cons?-(as of this review) Still on Android 2.1 (seriously Samsung??..cmon...)- Missing my favorite feature of the DROID contact list ([x] - Send calls from this user directly to voicemail)- It's sorta bulky, especially if you put a case on it like I did... but just wear cargo pants/shorts and you're good to go :)- Battery life is below avg -- But there are a few tricks you can use to get this to be extend it (look at some of the otherreviews here for some good ideas such as setting your background to be BLACK, turn off GPS, 4G when not using) to name a few

I have learned to hate everything about this phone over the past two years. It powers down for no reason, can't seem to stay connected to 4g or GPS, over heats and the battery life is atrocious. I am now on my second one of this brand. The first one's circuit board stopped working, effectively bricked. Sprint sent me a refurb that barely works. The best thing about it is the TARDIS skin that I have put on it.

The phone itself is great. It's a bit bulky, and the battery won't last you more than a few hours if you're constantly using it for music, the web, etc., but it's otherwise wonderful.However, Amazon Wireless (and to some extent UPS and Sprint) really has a ways to go. First, I couldn't get a definitive statement about when the item was going to arrive. I was told three different things (one from Amazon customer service, another from a UPS customer service rep and a third from the UPS website). Amazon turned out to be right (how could UPS not know its own shipping date better than Amazon?), but they told me they wouldn't do anything to investigate the shipping date confusion until after the estimated shipment date was missed.Second, I ported my number from AT&T;, but Amazon set the number transfer date to about two weeks after the estimated shipment date. I guess they wanted to build in a cushion in case of shipping issues and that I could just call Sprint to switch the dates, but it would have been nice if Amazon had told me beforehand I'd have to do this.Lastly, and this is entirely on Sprint, when I first called the rep after the phone arrived (about 6 pm EST), they said the number was in the process of porting at that moment, and that I should call back in three hours once that finished so I can complete activation. Three hours later, I called back and was told that the activation date was actually in two weeks, and that I'd have to call another department (this was my fourth of fifth department) to change the date to be that same day. After about 10 minutes of waiting, the rep came back on to inform me that said department was closed (but was opened when I originally called). Because of the Thanksgiving break, I wouldn't be able to get the phones working as phones for a couple days. I pointed out that I paid $36 per phone for activation and that my activation clearly got screwed up. I asked for a refund of the activation fees, but he said he couldn't do that until after activation occurred. He promised he'd put a note in my account.After activation a couple days later, the next rep told me there was no note regarding the refund. She also said the refund couldn't happen until after I was billed, not after activation.All in all, the experience was awful, and it could have been solved with a just a little warning from Amazon about when they said the number porting to happen.

This phone could have been super awesome. The keyboard is incredible--its big, roomy, and responsive. The screen is amazing. And i found the call quality not too bad (ok this is partially from coming from a 2 year old blackberry)The phone itself had some bizarre quirks that didn't bother me too much. Then, after the update to 2.2 froyo, the whole thing went to hell. All of the notifications are wacky and pop up randomly and repeatedly. It opens programs at random all the time. It repeatedly plays one particular voicemail on speaker phone at random even if the phone is locked. To complement programs randomly opening, I get several force closes a day on the most basic of programs. It turns on chat clients while I'm sleeping Then upon searching these issues, I'm finding people on forums all over with the same or similar (sometimes worse) problems. Even if I went back to android 2.1, it asks you if you want to update at least once an hour (this is how I updated--i clicked it by accident and then there's no going back).I returned it--it wasn't worth it to me to jump through all these hopes just to get an expensive phone to work semi normally.

+DURABLE gorilla glass screen+bright display+pretty fast+"full" keyboard-flimsy build-keyboard doesnt fully register-LACK OF COMMITMENT FROM SAMSUNG-touchpiz bloatware*buy some spare batteriesbecause it is a phone, review of hardware is coupled with the software.first, the screen is almost impervious to scratches, and the rubberized rear cover feels nice.  battery cover prys off easily, yet stays on solid.  best battery cover implement ive used.running stock android 2.1, phone is generally responsive, and all of the features (e.g. Gallery) are pretty cool, though of course these are features of the software and not exclusive to this phonephone feels very flimsy, even compared to other slide-out keyboards (e.g. anything Motorola, or the G2).  the 2 halves feel detached from each other.  typing on the keyboard even slowly will miss 5-10% of your keypresses!!!!!!!!!  many believe this is a function of the firmware.  either way it is ANNOYING.  it is nice, however, to have a dedicated #row, and hard keys for the android functions (home, menu, back, search).camera generally very good, front camera is neat, speakerphone is decently loud, audio output on jack is decently goodBIGGEST COMPLAINT IS SAMSUNG IS EXTREMELY EXTREMELY SLOW WITH SOFTWARE UPDATES.  SHOWS NO COMMITMENT FROM THE COMPANY.  one could speculate it is sprints fault, or it is the american carriers to blame.  but fact is the sprint HTC EVO has had 2.2 for a long time, nexus1 has had 2.2 for a long time , and SAMSUNG PHONES have had a long history of slow release.  WHOEVER'S FAULT IT IS, ultimately it is the USERS of samsung phones left holding their scrote.i wont buy another samsung phone.

Phone interface is great and very user friendly with great keyboard. Disappointed at the quality of the phone hardware. Speaker went bad after the first week . Still waiting on replacement. It's disappointing that you have to return a phone and wait especially after you get addicted to the technology in less that a couple of days. Smartphones should be name crackphones.

Before I start the review, let me preface it by saying that I ordered this phone through Amazon and had no problems with ordering or delivery.  Let me also say that I would rate this phone 5 stars when it functions.  The problem  is that it doesn't function properly often enough.I bought this phone in November after doing a lot of research into smartphones.  I was previously an ATT customer, and my wife has had an Iphone for several years.  I personally think the Iphone is overpriced and decided to make my first smartphone an android.  The features that I was looking for were a nice screen, slide out keyboard, and I also liked Sprint's price plan.  The phone delivers in abundance on those aspects.I received the phone and was quickly impressed by all it could do.  I began installing apps at a rapid pace.  The first problem I noticed was during the first couple of weeks. The phone froze up and I had to open the back cover, take out the battery, and put it back in to reboot it.  It didn't happen very often, and being new to smartphones I thought that all smartphones had this issue.  As the weeks went on, it started happening more and more often.  There were no patterns to it either.  Sometimes it would be in my pocket for hours and I would take it out to find it frozen.  Other times, it would be charging while I slept.  I would wake up to find it frozen and uncharged.  It began to happen on a daily basis and be quite a pain. I did some research on the internet and found some forums where others described similar problems.  They mentioned doing a factory data reset, and some found success.  I found this option in the menu, and did it. I decided to only install apps that were fairly well known, and had many good reviews (i.e. yelp, opentable, pandora)  This seemed to help for about 3 days, and then the freezing problems started again.Sometime in January, I was running some errands and the phone froze again. I happened to be near a Sprint store so I brought it into them in the frozen state.  They had me leave it for a couple of hours to run some "diagnostics".  When I picked it up, they said they just did a factory data reset.  I'm not sure why it took a couple of hours, because it only took a couple of minutes when I did the exact same thing.  They asked if I had Android Task Killer installed, which I did.  They said that was most likely the cause.  I asked them if it happened again, could I have it replaced as I have the equipment repair/replacement option on my plan? They said only if I brought it in frozen and did not have any apps installed other than what's on there from the reset.  What good is having a smartphone if it can't run apps?  After this reset it began working a little better, and would only freeze a couple of times a week, instead of daily.  My wife had a baby and things became pretty hectic, so the phone problems slipped down my priority list.  I also learned that by pressing the volume, power, and camera buttons at the same time, I could reboot it without removing the battery.A couple of weeks ago, I received the over the air update to 2.2.  I hoped this would solve some of the problems I was having.  I was very wrong.  The freezing issues started happening daily or even several times a day.  When I would reboot the phone, it would have 40-50% less battery life than before it froze.  It is also constantly shutting itself off for no reason.  Yesterday, I did another factory data reset and will wait and see how it goes.  So far it hasn't frozen, but it has shut itself down while it was charging.  I don't have time to wait for it to freeze and then run over to the Sprint store, but if I have the opportunity I will. Hopefully they will be willing to just replace it.  If not, than Sprint will have lost a customer for life.

Can someone tell me why my current phone, a Nexus s 4G, which has the same specs as my last phone, epic 4g, yet benchmarks much higher even if rooted and all of sammy's apps are taken out? It just doesn't make sense that the same hardware running the same os could have such different results. Also the battery life is horrendous. I got 6 hours of standby tops without putting it in airplane mode.

Well I started off with a free LG Optimus an it was constantly mistyping and crashing. I moved to the Epic..thinking...well you get what you pay for..so lets get a good phone that might actually last a year or two. I have good things to say abou the Epic but some bad ones and bad stuff about the Operating System/ or firmware. The first thing I noticed, that many average people haven't is that the date is cutt off. I use the date alot, which pops up on the screensaver. It's always Monday May ___ and then does show the time. Major bug. Then the bluetooth voice dialer. Since most people that buy nice phones, probably use the bluetooth...maybe it would be nice to have a volume control??? there is no setting for volume, and like the last phone it says "please speak now" at sucha a low volume that you aren't quite sure what she's saying, especially when driving. Then when you dial and it repeats what you dialed ...again you can't hear what's going on, so when it misdials, bad bad bad....oh wait...I lied...it does have a volume control..but it's only after you hit voicedial and you have to manually raise the volume with the external volume controls and when you are done...it loses the setting. Ok let me take a break from the bad and let you know that this is a really nice phone, receptive, set up well. Great graphics and sound. keyboard is good nice pics...style is good..it is a bit big...but it has always been a good thing for me...movies and music run great..ok now more bad... The gallery app started failing almost immediately...the pics would completely dissapear...i rebooted and started taking pics..and again...a few days and poof they are gone....angry birds starts not working and not popping up when started. After a bit i did some internet searching and there is a folder that I found the pics in...but they are no longer in the gallery. Angry birds which is a basic app, which i love, never stays up long enough to get through three or 4 screens. Might be Rovios fault some, but the phone seems buggy...not sure most other games work fine. oh also on the Good side, the battery does fairly well for as much as you get, huge screen and app and phone, not bad for battery life, but as with most of these new smartphones, you have to get used to chargeing more often. ok..back to the bad...the chat/ texting feature..that comes with the phone is really nice...except when you get a pic...all pics show up sideways annnd so you flip the phone..and #$$#*() it flips sideways again...and again...and again...  OK HELLOOOO???? we pay 200 for a nice phone and you guys haven't seen all these bugs???  The industry is in a hurry to get these phone out and sell em as the latest competition to the iphone, and they want to get the money rolling in and catch up with the updates later?? not good business.. ok go onto Sprint.com or the samsung Epic forums and both places the actuall foum on the Epics is constant complaints on the Epic...everyone constantly asks for the 2.3 Gingerbread update that is supposed to fix most everything now. AND on these forums, they have moved the main forum where everyone complains..to the backround...so you have to search for it..and they dont get bad press. Meanwhile we pay for a nice phone with bugs. Ok so these are my main complaints...I honestly like the phone but this is my second andriod phone now...and the Lg and now Samsung Epic are giving me a bad picture here....i was going to pay the early terminations on all three of my phones and Sprint convinced me not to...for a deal on the Epic...now i think in a year...I'm going to cancell and get an Iphone..because it Works. Advice, dont get the Epic or any phone without Gingerbread (Andriod) 2.3... Make them give you a phone that is worth the money you spend and one sided contract you have to sign.

First of all, there are several poor reviews on this site that can simply be disregarded.  Dumb people picking out 1 item that doesn't even make sense for a review, and they 1-star the phone.  Don't worry, I see that ALL OVER this site these days.  It completely skews the overall product rating, which sucks because it would be great to rely on that.  As it is, with multiple moronic negative reviews for this phone, it is still averaging 4 stars.  That should tell you what you need to know.Pros:Screen is so amazingly crisp and brilliant.  It's great watching HD youtube videos, and high def pics on it.Camera.  It takes super sharp pictures and has TONS of different modes.  Action mode is a really amazing feature.4G.  *if* you are in an area that has it, 4G is amazingly fast.  I clocked the phone at over 3mbps today at work with an upload of 1mbps.  That's faster than alot of home connections.  And it is WAY more than you need for a cell phone.Market.  The apps you can get, there are so many of them.  Tons of them are free, and you can personalize your phone and make it yours.  That is the beauty of Droid in general.Memory.  The onboard memory is 512mb, plenty of room to install lots of apps, and still keep the phone running smooth.  The 16mb expansion memory is enough for thousands and thousands of songs and pictures.  Or you can rip some blu-rays to it.  Also, you can upgrade to 32mb if you feel the need.Processor.  The 1gz hummingbird processor is a monster for a cell phone.  The phone never ever lags or pauses or anything.  What you tell it to do, it does.  ( get it?  Droid does! )Typing.  Swype is great, and if you don't like that you can tap, and if you don't like that you can talk, and if you don't like that you can slide out the qwerty keyboard.Overall this phone is simply gorgeous, and at the very same time it is a workhorse for a cell phone.  Call quality is crisp and clear, no dropped calls yet.  Texting and communicating is made quick, easy, and fun.Cons:The only thing I have to say about this phone in any way that is negative, is the battery life.  However, it's not this phone.  It's physics.  It's the law of things.  If you have your screen maxed on brightness, download and stream stuff in 4G, and have a live wallpaper going on in the background, and GPS all day, and on and on... yes the battery will straight up die on you.  So will your laptop.  So will any other battery powered device.  Batteries have a finite amount of juice in them.  If you need your battery to last for 12+ hours between charges, then regulate yourself accordingly.  Turn off things you don't need, dim the screen, and relax.  The battery will be fine.

Well what else can be said that hasn't been already....- The Super Amoled screen is just amazing, although now on day 3 with my phone I already have a dead pixel(I wonder if that would merit a hardware replacement any thoughts?) It's tiny i know but still bugs me especially since I've only had it for a few days.- The keyboard is very roomy, though(like any phone) it takes getting used to. Coming from a T-mobile G1 I could text pretty quickly without ever having to look down at the keyboard. I hope I can get to the same level with this phone.Some major(for me) gripes that I've had with the phone so far:- When using the supplied cable to charge from a usb port(except for the supplied wall-usb charger) the phone automatically unmounts the SD card. So for example while playing music from the phone in my car through the AUX jack... I plug it into my USB car charger using the supplied cable and the music stops. I have to unlock the phone, turn off the usb mass storage and resume the music playing. Hopefully this can be fixed with a software update.- The 16GB micro SD card is generous in size but really slow being only a class 2. Large transfers to and from PC through USB can take a while. I haven't had any issues with the camera and taking pictures though i haven't yet tried video but I'm sure it'll be fine. And yes I know this is a VERY easily remedied issue. But i thought I should let would-be buyers know.- Battery(like others have mentioned) isn't the greatest. But keeping the 4G off(especially if your not in a 4G area) and occasionally using the task manager to end apps that you are not and will not be needing for a while, will greatly extend battery life. Also the live wallpapers look AMAZING on the screen but also rapidly drain the battery.- Battery related... If your running low on battery the phone will not allow you to use the camera. This might be a case where a spare would be useful while on vacation, etc...- Lock Pattern: I was basically forced to use one with this phone since while in my pocket i felt it get really hot and when i took it out i noticed that it was unlocked and doing all sorts of weird stuff like launching apps and bringing up the long-press menu randomly. Having a lock pattern is good to have anyways but I was kind of hoping that I wouldn't need one. I have fairly large hands but even still, now with the 4" screen writing the unlock pattern is a slower process than it was on my G1. If you have smaller hands I would recommend physically holding the device before purchasing online.Don't get me wrong I've been waiting for a 5 row keyboard for a while now and I don't regret my purchase at all, i absolutely love this phone.On a side note I haven't had any issues with Sprint so far, coming from an almost decade long T-mobile customer it was a tough decision switching carriers but their plans and plan features are great so far. Also I haven't had any issues with coverage in the Los Angeles area, I usually keep 4G off though to save battery.Cheers!

5 stars for the phone 1 for the battery.I have nothing bad to say about the phone except the battery. All the functions and apps work well and can be fun, interesting, educational and useful. Well, they can be in the morning at least. If you use these functions you will have a dead phone by afternoon. I now run mine as a really nice "phone" without all of the extras. I have all the apps turned off, the GPS turned off, all the syncs turned off, the display on dim, a static wallpaper set and now I can talk to my wife on the way home from work. The included Samsung Widget "Program Monitor" has become my new best friend. It allows you to monitor and shut down everything extra on the phone and will allow you to continue to make calls into the evening. I did a lot of reading about how to keep the phone going and I think this group of hints helped me most [&#8230;]All of which brings us to the question; is the cool Droid system with all of it's cool functions worth having if you have to save them for special occasions to keep your phone functions from dying. I especially liked an app called Latitude, but it's definitely not something you can just use whenever you want to.If Samsung wants to market all the cool stuff you can do with a phone like this, they should provide the battery capacity to handle it.

This was a pretty solid phone at first until Samsung and Sprint started releasing horrible software updates for them. Android 2.2 has crippled my decent phone. I've had to find many workarounds for a lot of the useful features I would use because they no longer work. After complaining at the Sprint store after the upgrade the manager told me there was nothing she could do for me, after I spoke to a lower level employee he told me there was nothing he could do for me either. After this very irritating response I asked what I was supposed to do and he responded very bluntly, "blog about it." After discussing this event with Sprint customer service they were nice enough to move up my eligibility for a new 2 year contract extension so now I can pick a phone that'll actually work. I would definitely not recommend Samsung, their TouchWiz interface is hideous and they are VERY SLOW with their software updates. Don't put your faith in this phone or company.

1st...these seem to be the low points of this phone, so i'll get this out of the way:1) gps works fine (now?).  google navigation is awesome2) turn off apps when you're done using them (4g, wifi, gps, location finder via wireless networks, bluetooth, etc.).  my battery lasts all day; however, i will admit...i doubt you can get more than 3 or 4 hours talk time.3) i heard people complaining about the difficulty seeing the screen outdoors prior to buying my phone so i immediately bought an anti-reflective screen protector from sprint (they installed it for me).  the only time i have trouble seeing the screen is when it's very bright outside.  when i turn on the brightness (which a lot of people probably leave on all the time) i see fine.reasons i am blown away:very quick & responsive even when several apps running, touch keyboard is much better than i thought it'd be (especially with 'swype key'); hence, the reason i got a phone with actual keyboard (which i still use for longer typing).  recorded video is definitely better than expected (720p).  only complaint there is that it doesn't handle moving objects very well while taking still  pictures.reasons i am not blown away...yet:until android 2.2 is available for the epic 4g streaming video (such as espn3) is not viewable (even with skyfire) and voice command over bluetooth is not available.  epic is supposed to get the android 2.2 sometime soon (people have been saying this for months...i'm sure many are sick of waiting).  android 2.2 is supposed to cut the browser rendering in half (according to tests with other phones loading 2.1 vs 2.2), speed up the phone's app processing, and slightly increase battery life.regardless of android OS, netflix's app isn't available...yet and samsung hasn't come out with the micro-usb to hdmi cable...yet.this phone has been out for nearly a year so i must say that i'm not very impressed with samsung's efforts thus far.  it appears that htc (with the evo) is ahead of the game.the evo already has the above features (android 2.2 and hdmi cable) other than netflix (which isn't available for droid yet), but once the epic has them (in the near future) i don't think i'll be able to imagine a better phone.  but then again...that may be a while???

Coming from the Nexus 1 this phone can not compare. There are some serious bugs that need to be worked out...If I had it to do over again I would have waited till the Epic2 comes out.

I've had this thing for a few weeks now, and I am just loving it.  I was looking at this or the EVO (As I'm sure everyone else is), and I ultimately decided on this phone for two reasons:1.  The slide out QWERTY keyboard2.  The AMOLED screenFirst, I'll go into the keyboard. It is excellent!  I had a friend, a launch Droid user, tell me that I wouldn't use the keyboard often.  Actually, he was right.  The on-screen Swype keyboard is just excellent for text input.  However, I am really glad that I have the option of the physical keyboard.  It is much, much better when typing passwords, entering e-mail addresses, or typing anything that requires precision. e.g.  Numbers or words that aren't in the dictionary.Next, the screen:  It is gorgeous!  I've watched a little TV from my Slingbox and a few movies.  The Slingbox is limited by my internet, but the movies... Even less than DVD quality movies look superb on this phone.  You'd think you were watching an HD movie.  The colors are amazing.  However, the most impressive thing to me is the black levels.  I'm used to looking at LCD screens, and one of the first things I noticed was that when looking at a blank screen, it is pure black.  You can't even tell the screen is on, but it is.  It is a true black.  This has totally sold me on an AMOLED TV when they become affordable.I was also really impressed with the video quality.  This thing can shoot in 720p video, and it looks really good.  I was really interested in buying a Flip video camera or something like it, but the video quality on this phone is excellent, and I no longer see the point in buying a second device to record video.My only complaints of the phone are in the Android OS.  First off, it is very limited in playing Flash content.  I'm patiently waiting on the Android 2.2 update, which I hope will allow me to view all Flash content natively, but I don't really know if/what the flash limitations are in Froyo (Android 2.2).  At the time I'm writing this review, it appears that Samsung has submitted Froyo to the cellular providers for publishing.  We're expecting Froyo to be released for this phone at the end of October 2010.Next, I'm admittedly a little disappointed with the App Store.  There just isn't much going on there.  It's a real pain to navigate, and needs a major overhaul.  You can view maybe 3-4 apps on screen at once, and there's no efficient way to sort them.  You want a game?  You can sort it by action, casual, puzzle, etc.  That's it.  You can't sort by name, number of downloads, publisher... anything really.  Really, the best way to find the decent apps is to Google online with your PC and then go to your phone to download the apps.Even then, the App store feels bare of quality apps.  There are a few here and there, but they're definitely hard to find.  The extremely poor sorting capabilities of the app store don't help.  On the bright side, new apps are being released almost daily, and with the rapidly growing market share of the Android OS, it won't be long before there are tons of quality apps.Finally, there's the battery.  If you've read any other reviews, you had to see this coming!  You'll absolutely have to buy a car charger for this phone.  I charge mine on my way to work, and on my way home every day.I will say this:  I've had the phone for about four weeks, and it seems like the battery actually gets better when you've used and recharged it a few times.  And when I say better, I mean a LOT better.  When I first had the phone, it took around four hours to charge.  When I went up to the store about an hour ago, I was charging the phone in my car.  I gained about five percent battery in eight minutes.  That's approximately 2.6 hours to recharge the phone.  That's a pretty dramatic increase in charging time.  However, I can't accurately testify to this number, as I may have been using the phone more often when I first got it.Overall, I am very satisfied with the phone, and I highly recommend it.UPDATE:It just occurred to me that I did not go into any detail on the actual call quality.  Obviously, this will be a very important factor to some people.  I didn't go into detail because I feel it is adequate, and I bought this phone primarily for the many other functions the phone is capable of.When not using speakerphone, the call quality is perfectly adequate.  However, the quality when using speakerphone is really sub par.I came from using a Nextel i880, and I am a big user of speakerphone because most calls I make are in a car.  I generally set the phone on my center console and talk.  When I got this phone, I attempted to do the same thing, but when I'm on the freeway and there is a lot of road noise in my car, I've been told it sounds like I'm talking in a wind tunnel.The reason for this is that the mic on the speakerphone is VERY sensitive.  When I'm at home with no ambient noise, the person on the other end can hear me crystal clear from six feet away.  Unfortunately, the sensitive mic picks up everything else as well.  I've had to start using a bluetooth headset in my car for clear conversations.  Now, if you're driving a car that doesn't have a lot of road noise at high speed, this won't be an issue, but it is definitely something to be aware of before purchasing.SECOND UPDATE (11/23):Okay, I've been using this phone for quite a while now, and I've got it all figured out.  There are a couple things I want to go into:1.  The Android 2.2 beta has been released.  I've got it installed on my phone, and while there are a few bugs, Froyo has a few extra features that make it worthwhile.  For one, the web browser is much closer to that of a desktop computer.  I can now log in to local hotspots that have the "I Agree" screen, whereas with the stock, these pages wouldn't load at all.Flash has been a bit of a disappointment though.  Flash programs and video are so resource intensive that the phone slows to a screeching halt.  I even had the phone completely lock up on me once to where I had to remove the battery and restart.  I'm REALLY hoping that this is just a symptom in the beta, because if it isn't, then Flash just isn't really usable on this thing.2.  Battery life.  Before I tried out the Froyo beta, I had a user created version of Android loaded on the phone.  I can't stress how much better it is than the stock OS.  It eliminates the crummy pre-loaded Sprint apps, increases performance, and at the very least DOUBLES battery life.  If you're a little tech savvy, this user generated content is far better than Samsung/Sprint's software.  Just be aware it voids the warranty if Sprint knows about it.

Sprint Samsung Epic 4G.I am still surprized how much time I spent on fixing Epic 4G!It seemed like a decent phone, but had several serious problems:1. Short battery life = upgraded to thick 2x battery with a thick cover.2. Spring has very poor coverage = after a year of suffering discovered, that roaming and data roaming are free and now always use roaming option no matter what. That solved signal problem but there is no 4G anymore.3. The physical keyboard skipps keys especially if a key is repeated twice. I was really disappointed about that for 1.5 years.Gingerbread update, as appears now doesn't solve this problem.So what I did:(originally I rooted my Froyo (old android os) and installed a keyboard fix. Rooting is a process that allows modifying the Android system deep inside. The original fix didn't fix the problem. ) Then I discovered that my phone doesn't install the gingerbread update that was feeded by Sprint. After a couple of months, I decided to force it and succeded.(This set of instructions was great and educational, but didn't work for me - http://goo.gl/Ecn6Xthe phone would beep (1+3) vibrations signaling about the system crash after restart.)Here are the steps that worked:1. Download "App list backup" from market.http://goo.gl/zG8QgBackup the list of apps to sd card. The program then helps installing the apps from the market one by one. Since there is so many of them it remembers which ones were installed. Not more than that.(Titanium backup  is great except it requires rooting which I am not sure I want anymore since rooting prevents automatic upgrades).2. Followed this instruction to Flash/Restore to Froyo EC05 (Procedure #1)http://goo.gl/deKjd3. Manually upgraded Froyo to Gingerbread.http://goo.gl/vBWat4. Installed a custom kernel with a keyboard fix.http://goo.gl/l9GsyA quick test shows that the keyboard lag has been fixed. Otherwise it is an official Gingerbread eligible for further automatic updates.Here are the files I used.http://dl.dropbox.com/u/83934/epic/index.html

This is my first smart phone, so maybe I'm not the most sophistcated reviewer in the world, but so far, this thing does everything I hoped it would (and does it quickly and easily) and a LOT more.  I've only had it for a couple weeks so far, and I feel like I've only seen the tip of the iceberg.I. LOVE. THIS. PHONE.

I love the phone so far its great -but I wanna play with it mo b4 I write real reveiw about it

I have been playing around with both phones and because I belong to Sprint for the rest of my life's tenure, I shall let you know that these are the two best phones available in the market but let's compare which is better at what.Appearance -  The Evo 4G does not have a slide-out QWERTY keypad like the Epic. The Epic despite the keyboard is about an ounce lighter in weight and that says a lot about the AMOLED screen and the absolutely flawless design on this phone. The charging port is located on the TOP of the phone and also has a little slide you need to drag open before accessing the MICRO USB/Charger. The phone looks a terrific black (like the best looking iPhone, oh yeah we care, no sarcasm) when the screen is not on. UNLIKE THE EVO, the standby key is on the right hand side of the phone and does the same thing. On first appearance, the design of the Epic is mouth watering. I've always found Sidekick like phones cheesy and even that DROID from VERIZON looks very plastic to me but I shall diss no more, the Epic might just win on this account (but I know plenty of Evo users who would disagree but this is my opinion). Because of size, weight, 4-inch screen (Evo's 4.3), design of the slide out, the Epic wins this round.Call Reception / Loud Speaker -> While playing music, I noticed the Epic was a little louder than the Evo is but at full volume, it can be a tad too loud too which is obviously such a WELCOME FEATURE. The Evo has a loud speaker alright and also a dedicated home page where you can easily play your music but what matters is the sound because both phones offer excellent customization.Battery Life - This is one of the primary reasons the Epic is likely to do good. I fume when I hear people say the DROID X has a better battery life than the Evo. On Epic, the AMOLED screen ensures you don't need to charge this phone more than once a day. I managed to make this last for atleast a day but I did find the battery readings to be inaccurate from time to time. Maybe this happened because I was trying the phone on Airplane mode and then switching to CDMA so that could be it. There was a difference in the battery life, sometimes the bar would be short and sometimes substantially longer. Maybe it is just a software update that is required but at the end of the day, You can have all the features on a phone but what matters a lot is battery life and the Epic takes this round too. By getting the Evo you will need to buy an extra battery unless you like carrying your wires everywhere you go. If you're getting the Evo make sure you get an extra battery charger and oh save yourself some money and NEVER INVEST ON EXTENDED BATTERIES. You wouuld think Samsung and HTC are more clever than not to have come out with the extended battery in the first place. Feel free to discuss, throw things at me on the comments column.Screen Brightness - HTC Evo is about AS BRIGHT AS THE SUN, absolutely incredible brightness, it's like watching the most expensive HDTV sometimes. The phone even on low brightness is surprisingly bright and I always appreciate brightness. While the Epic is not dull, I'll be lying if I say the screen is as bright as the Evo or even comes close to taking this round. The Epic has a jaw dropping display but the brightness and screen quality while you're on a webpage makes Evo the winner here. The brightness may come at the price of battery life but when you drive a HUMMER, you worry not about the battery life but about the drive.Build Quality of Plastic on the BACK - The Evo certain feels a little more solid and smooth. The back on the EVO is better than the INCREDIBLE. Evo's kickstand is an added feature but the quality of the plastic on the Evo is 15% better than the Epic when you're holding the back though Epic is quite good as it is. **Caution** Do not remove Epic's back size by the SPEAKER, you may damage the phone cause you're such a strong individual, locate a small opening at the end and then LIFT UP the back plastic covering the battery. The back is obviously not RED like the HTC EVO.Bundled Accessories - Epic comes with a 16gb card, in ear earphones, a thicker BASIC manual I haven't opened and read yet. The Evo comes with an 8gb card and no earphones. They both come with a Micro USb Cord which coverts into a wall charger. I have tried and used almost all earphones bundled with phones and have never seen any Sprint phone with such good quality "in-ear" earphones which provide NOISE CANCELLATION. An excellent extra for the fifty bucks you pay depending on where you're buying the phones from. 16gb is like having 2 x 8gb cards.Mobile Hotspot - DRAWTask Killer App - If you hold the home button down on the Epic, an excellent task killer pops up. It is so easy and fun to use that this alone was a big big big deal for me. I've used it on the Evo before but it's just so much hassle free and cleaner on the Samsung, it tells you the percentage of the CPU being used for variety of apps in REAL TIME! Deal-MAKER for me. EVO owners, please correct me if I'm wrong.CAMERA *BIG DEAL FOR ME* - Epic. Epic. Epic. Epic. The customization is Godly. Samsung is slowly becoming very clever. The camera quality is that of a digital camera, I dare say. Also if people are moving and pause for a second, the phone still takes an absolutely astounding photograph. The Evo makes things yellow and although it's 8megapixel, the camera doesn't quite seal the deal. The other thing is that the Evo doesn't have that many customizations for the camera. Samsung has pulled a magic trick with this one. Some envious Evo users tell me that because the screen looks better on the Epic, the images look better but if I were to upload these to my computer, there'd be a difference. This is my response to people who say something like that. How often will I be uploading these pictures? Maybe once in four days, I will be mostly viewing them on the phone so I don't care about that. Mind you, though I haven't uploaded anything yet, I shall upload them and send you a sample picture if you request one. PLEASE BARE IN MIND, while the SAMSUNG has more options, it will take a real techoholic to want to figure out each and every feature, I'm still getting WARMED up to it.Google Sync - The google sync on both phones immediately got all my contacts into the phone, there are a ton of applications so if you have a gmail account even with a blackberry, all your contacts are gonna be SYNCED with either the EVO or the EPIC. Google has a very funny deal-sealing way of having the google sync on the BLACKBERRY. If you're dumping your blackberry, make sure you do google sync and sync all your contacts before activating the EPIC. Ask a store rep to do it for you before buying it BLINDLY from them.BROWSING - Browsing on the Evo is the best browsing I have ever seen. It still wins over the Epic by just a single point. Epic still gets a 9/10 while Evo because of it's multi-touch gets a perfect 10. There is no lag while browsing or using the touchscreen at all. This is a dream come true for people who've ever had the Samsung Instinct from two years ago. These two phones make my Blackberry look so bad and that's one thing to love and admire about Androids, the fact that they have such capable awesomse fast, intelligent browsers. I have no complaints whatsoever. I have an iPod touch and its half as good at best and I'll tell you the iPod touch is amazing. EVO wins by a life because it's the best at it. Epic is still about two and a half times as good as my Sprint BOLD.On-Screen Typing : On screen typing on the Evo is way better because of HTC's on screen Qwerty. Swype comes built in with the EPIC. I've never used it, I don't believe in it, just looks too cheesy. Evo has a great typing mechanism but EPIC assumes that unless you're typing casually, you will use the physical keyboard to type. The Evo's typing is better than the iPhone's or the iPods. I haven't played with the iPhone 4 yet.SLIDE OUT / PHYSICAL KEYBOARD : I will go for the Epic over the Evo because it has a wonderful, non-cheesy, idiot proof keyboard slide out. This is the best addition possible besides the camera and the bundled accessries. I despise the Moment's keyboard in comparison though Moment isn't a bad phone. The EVO is supposed to be Sprint and Samsung's replacement for the SAMSUNG MOMENT.I've been away from my 2 day old Epic. I will discover more things and shall let you know. Any cons? The capacitive keys on the front could've been a touch more responsive. On the Evo they seem more responsive. I'm in no hurry for the Samsung Epic to get 2.2 and I'm sure they won't disappoint.Wallpapers look brighter, more alive, sleeker, sexier, more sophisticated on the Epic. When you're in your menu on the Evo you go from top to bottom while on the Epic, if you click Applications you go left right right right. So it's horizontal menu browsing on the Epic and vertical on the Evo.There is so much more for me to discover. I told someone earlier this year that no phone will ever match the iPhone but technology has an astounding way of shocking me. I'm an absolute geek and am glad that the Epic exists. It's like action sequences on the Lord of the Rings : Twin Towers while Evo is like the Matrix chase scenes from Reloaded. Both are feature packed phones but I love to type and the additional keyboard is fantastic for typing.Wi-Fi Browsing : If both phones were used on the Wifi, the Epic is blazingly fast and obviously an easy hands down winner. I didn't try browsing on both using the 3G signal in Manhattan though it loaded a youtube video and downloaded an mp3 rather fast.MISCELLANEOUS THINGS: Epic comes with a game, it also a Samsung HUB, it doesn't have an HDMI port but has something called DLNA which enables you to wireless connect the phone with compatible televisions and monitors. The AMOLED screen is Samsung's proprietary format I read somewhere, Samsung will invest $2 Billion in the next year or two for making screen for all touchscreens.I'm sorry about how random this review might seem but I really wanna go back to playing with the Epic so see you later. My conclusion is obvious from the subject.**UPDATES**Samsung Epic has four buttons when you slide out the keyboard. One is for the Home, one is the back key, one is the menu, one is the features Key. These behave just like the FOUR buttons on the front beneath the screen when viewed vertically.I'm falling in love with the wallpaper options. The HTC Evo has something called scenes and the profile customization is exciting, I wonder how ANDROID 2.2 will look on the EPIC.Please buy an invisible shield when you buy this phone, I'm looking for an Anti-Glare one for $10. Any suggestions?I saw a lady with the Samsung Epic today, she had a cheesy black plastic case on her EPIC. POOR CASES can make the Epic look like the Samsung MOMENT (Sorry, Moment owners, no offense, just honesty).  I am not going to use any case for this phone, what a waste of a gorgeous phone.I also thought I should add a note that I have never bothered investing in a SAMSUNG phone for myself but the EPIC really made it an easy decision. The Galaxy S series is remarkable. I live in New York and get no 4G but I do get unlimited data downloads, video calling and that's all. I don't mind the $10 extra fee but it may hurt the price conscious user but SPRINT is still a better deal than the other carriers so don't OVER THINK it.**11/01/2010 Update**4G has been launched in NEW YORK and I can download a 3mb song from gmail in 13 seconds.Shazam takes a second to tell you the name of the song that's playing.Does consume a lot of battery though.UPDATE 05/06/2011  - To people who are thinking about getting the Epic, there is soon going to be a new 4G phone so please RE-CONSIDER because there is the NEXUS S out. It doesn't have a keyboard mind you and yes it is based on Sprint's WIMAX 4G.

The phone is fast and responsive - definately a step up from the G1 that I previously owned.I am not happy at all with the Amazon pricing.  The phone dropped $50 in price 7 days after I ordered it (4 days after I received the phone).  Amazon is unwilling to refund the difference or do anything at all to my satisfaction.  Had I known the price would drop, I would have been perfectly willing to wait the 7 days.Had a ordered from Amazon wirelessly rather than Amazon they would have been willing to help me.

I see all the capabilities listed in the specs, but what isn't obvious (or listed at all) is the $10/month extra fee Sprint nails you just to use the phone, and $30 per month fee on top of THAT you have to pay to use the mobile hotspot feature.So, you get dinged for $40 a month to use what appear to be the only decent Android phones on the Sprint service.  If they advertised this better (not sure whether to blame Sprint or Amazon), and had a decent 3G phone as an option for the rest of us who don't need/want 4G, it would be acceptable.As it is, it's bogus.  The 3g options are all outdated and have significant issues.  The Hero and the Moment have decent hardware, but don't have Android 2.2.  2.1 is too taxing for their CPU's, and 1.6 is no longer available.The Intercept does have 2.2, but ironically is a hardware downgrade on many factors.

This review was conducted on an HTC EVO 4G, but when it comes to comparing the 4G/3G service, it's pretty much identical on Sprint's top 3 4G Android phones, so I've included links for each of them.  This is more a review about Sprint's 3G/4G service and what you might expect and hoping to alleviate your concerns about all you've read about battery life on the 4G network.  My experience is as a user (I've been a 4G user since it first hit the market) but I'm not a technician expert.  So my comments apply to the data service for the following devices:HTC EVO 4G Android Phone (Sprint)HTC EVO Shift 4G Android Phone (Sprint)Samsung Epic 4G Android Phone (Sprint)BEST way of all to save battery life on your 4G phone is** TURN OFF the 4G service except when you need it.  That generally means never turn it on when you are driving around.** If you happen to be in an area with limited 4G service, TURN IT OFF.  Your battery will suck itself dry in a heartbeat trying to get life out of that signal.  And I mean QUICKLY.  Like from fully charged to less than half-charged in a matter of minutes.  Rule:  At least one bar steady 4G or turn it off.** I don't know what's up with Sprint, but OBVIOUSLY they have a 4G capacity problem.  Some days I can stay connected to an IP address all day long.  Other days (usually early evening) it's like FORGET IT!  Sprint drops the connection almost constantly and continuously.  I get sick of attempting to reconnect because it takes up to a minute to do so, only to have my connection dropped a few minutes later.  Also, Sprint will rotate your IP address CONSTANTLY.  Which means programs you are using that depend on a constant IP address will fail when you get switched (HTTPS addresses and some others with password protection access, sometimes streaming channels).  Sometimes those websites will suck your battery dry trying to get that connection back.  Best:  Just restart the website and your 4G service.  If it keeps happening, just drop to 3G.  You'll be happier.** Hey, unless you are streaming YouTube or movies, face it, 3G is enough for most applications.  3G on the Sprint network is very stable.  4G is not.** Realize that 4G varies depending on what state you are in.  Some 4G places scream service (up to 6MB/sec) others rival a good 3G connection (1.1MB/sec if you are lucky).  So find out how FAST the 4G service per second streaming is in your area.  (My experience:  Boise SCREAMS service, Salt Lake City is usually really good (near 4MB), St. Louis is lucky to see 2 MB on a really good day.  Videos online say they are only able to stream a little over 1 MB/sec on 4G.  Point is, it varies widely, connections are variable, and test your location if 4G is a deal breaker for you.  (Because your battery will DIE in a heartbeat if you don't have access to a good stable 4G connection.)**  When you install apps, don't check the 'auto update' box.  Some apps will suck your battery dry with updates every few minutes.  Battery killers include anything that uses maps (including GPS programs), Google Earth, Skype -- will run in the background continuously.  Basically any program that updates several times a day is probably something you want to evaluate whether or not you really need it on your phone if you care about your battery life.**  Dim your screen to no brighter than you need it for easy reading.  There is no real reason to have it on 100% level all the time is there?** Turn off the screen when you are talking on the phone.  If you move the phone to your head, it will auto sense and do this automatically, but if you are using speaker phone, you will have to manually turn it off.**  Only use task killer on very stubborn apps that are obviously causing your system problems.  DON'T kill all apps on your task killer, that will SURELY cause errors on your phone in short order.  You can kill a specific app by long-pressing on it and it will bring up a kill option for just that app.  If you find other apps constantly running when you view task killer, consider uninstalling those programs to save battery life, or setting them to NOT auto update.**  Good programmed 'droid programs will give you the option to kill the program when you are done using it through the menu, or it will pop up a menu asking you if you want to kill the program.  Use this feature whenever possible to save battery life.**  Read market reviews to see which programs people complain about for zapping battery life.  Reconsider whether or not to download such programs to your phone.**  Nothing quite sucks the battery life like having GPS turned on or using GPS-based programs.  BUT, they are useful when you need them.  Use your GPS Navigator in 3G mode.  IMO, I can't tell the difference and my battery life is a lot longer and the connection a lot more stable.  (Save your 4G for multi-apps, wireless sharing, streaming videos or movies).** DO NOT use 4G on HTTPS websites unless you want to seriously hate your phone.  As mentioned, 4G is pretty unstable in its connection generally everywhere.  Since most https websites are password secured, you will have to log in over and over and over again and you will hate your phone, so just use the more stable 3G connection.I use my 4G phone for everything.  I think it even serves up toilet paper.  And since Skype finally got a 'droid version available for the USA working pretty darn good, I can even understand people talking on my phone now.  (Skype connection is pristine, I love it.  Walks circles around the Sprint voice quality.)All in all, a good strong signal and keeping your screen turned off will definitely assure a long battery life.I generally use a few minutes (almost always &lt;75 minutes) a month and stream something around 5GB a month in data.  I usually use my phone data about 6 hours a day (continuous).Here's some sample speeds I've experienced recently:STL ON 3G 1.27 MB Download and .47 MB upload.  SLC ON 3G 1.47 MB and .30 MB  CHICAGO ON 3G:  1.46 MB and .60 MBSTL ON 4G 2.3 MB Download and .28 MB upload.  SLC ON 4G 2.98 MB and .65 MB  CHICAGO ON 4G .38 MB and .39 MBAs you can see from some samples, there isn't that big of a difference between the two and sometimes 3G is even faster.  USUALLY it's been my experience that upload speeds are faster on 3G and these little snippet examples are no exception.  (What's up with Chicago?  LOL).Hope this helped in giving you extra talk time for your battery charge.

This is my second android phone (first was the HTC Hero with Sprint) and the best of a long line of smartphones I've owned. A friend of mine has the Evo which I loved but when the price on this phone dipped to $150 I jumped on it. Overall I'm happy that I chose the Epic over the Evo but I'm still not sure I use the keyboard enough to offset the fact that I think the sliding mechanism takes away from the "solid" feel of a phone that doesn't have one.Pros: Size, weight, screen, performance, and layout are all about as good as they could be. And if you have realistic expectations of battery life for a phone that basically replaced my laptop there's really nothing to complain about there either. Yeah, I have to charge it every night but that's to be expected.Cons: The biggest issues I have with this phone are still pretty minor, like having to press two buttons to insert an "@" symbol in an email address or having to set an unlock pattern to prevent the phone from waking in my pocket as the keyboard gets slid out part way. Samsung doesn't have the best reputation for rolling out updates in a timely manner (I'm ready for Froyo anytime guys!!!) but the other things they bring to the phone like DLNA and the fantastic screens they put in these phones make up for some of that.I'd sum it all up by saying that every phone has fanboys and trash-talkers, but I can really see myself living with this phone for the life of my two year contract and being happy with it.

I have had a first generation iPhone for the past few years.  I purchased the iPhone when it first came on the scene so due to the expense I have not been interested in purchasing a new cell phone until recently when I saw a commercial advertising Sprint's $69.99 plan. After seeing the pricing I decided to do some research on Sprint phones and soon narrowed down my options to the Evo and the Epic. Based on reviews and having no desire for a physical keyboard, I was actually interested in the Evo.  I stopped in to the Sprint Store and played with both the Evo and the Epic and surprisingly I fell in love with the Epic. I loved the screen, the smaller more rounded design, and the keyboard seemed like a nice option for composing long emails without adding to much bulk to the phone. The Evo had a clear crisp screen and the kickstand was a unique feature but it was just too large and too masculine for my taste.  I ordered the Epic from a competing website and with a $25 off coupon code I manage to score a sweet deal of $174.99, free shipping.  It arrived last week and I have been in love ever since.  I am so glad I walked away from my iPhone.  Perhaps because this is my first android phone I am not as critical as some, but here are the features I enjoy:Visual Voicemail:  Now I can play voicemails in any order I like, replay, pause, start again.  It's very convienient.The screen:  As many have mentioned, it's simply gorgeous and makes you want to turn the phone on and play with it just to look at it.The keyboard:  I have had a touchscreen phone for years but I find myself using the keyboard for longer emails and text messages. It is very easy to adjust to and feels comfortable. I thought I wouldn't use it at all but I actually prefer it.The apps: I have found many games and apps for free in the android market. It makes the phone experience that much more enjoyableThe sound quality:  My phone calls are much clearer than with my iPhone. Nobody sounds muffled. The speakerphone is crisp and clear.The camera:  I already own a 14.1 megapixel cannon camera so I did not purchase this phone for the camera but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it takes decent shots. It's definetly a great backup to have on days where I don't have my camera handy.  My iPhone took horible grainy photos that were virtually unusable.Overall I am in love with the potential of this phone.  It is capable of much more than I've mentioned so for a lite user such as myself it's a dream. I'm sure someone interested in multimedia and gaming will find this phone measures up to their high expectations as well.To be fair, the battery does seem to drain rather quickly but I always plug the phone in when I'm home and I have an extra usb for work where I charge the epic with my laptop so I have not experienced any problems. I would suggest simply being prepared if you purchase this phone. Many reviewers have stated the battery can not be expected to go longer than a day without being charged and they are correct. Search the web for cheap cables and have an extra charger in your car or at your job and you won't have any reason to be dissapointed.I am enjoying this phone but I am dissapointed with Sprint's network. I knew there was no 4g in my area when I purchased the phone so that is not a problem, but I did expect to have superior 3g connectivity since Sprint has now advanced to 4g. I find the 3g service to be extremely slow.  I can not watch Sprint TV without my chosen show stopping every one to two minutes and taking five mintues or longer to load back again.  It's a wonderful feature to have if it would work properly. I attribute this to the network not being able to support such an awesome phone.Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and more so dissapointed that Sprint is not truly ready for the capability of this device. I am hoping that when I travel I will be able to use more of the awesome features this phone has therby negating the need to tote around a laptop.

I clung to my Verizon LG basic camera/text phone for as long as I could.  When I finally got tired of waiting... and made the move to an android phone, I was flabbergasted at the price difference on monthly plans between Verizon and Sprint.  I'd call it a no-brainer, but I really think it's one of the smartest moves I've ever made.Sprint service in my area (Central NJ, ranging between Monmouth County and Philly Suburbs) has been solid. (with the exception of a 1/4 mile area of Jackson, NJ in Ocean County that doesn't get ANY service, not even Verizon)I get 4G at work and for 80% of my drive home. I sometimes get a smattering of 4G in my house and the Sprint people says it'll be in my area sooner rather than later... so for me "the Network" is not an issue, and I would surmise it's more hype than truth in more places than not.The Epic 4G is awesome.  Really fast, good looking and slick.  Easy to learn how to use and easy to operate.  I have no complaints to balance my review with.  I use it for just about everything you can imagine. Gmail, corporate email, voicemail, google voice, google talk, google maps, audible.com, facebook, twitter, browsing, android apps... no problems so far.  (to be fair, corp email took some doing to set up, but the difficulty was on my end, the phone was ready and willing if I was putting in the right information)Battery lasts a whole day... even the day when I was in heavy use when trying to set up corporate email, the batter made it a good 8 hours before needing a recharge.Highly recommended. (I almost got the EVO, which from what I've seen is also great, but the Super AMOLED screen on the Epic blew me away when I played with it at the Sprint store)

I've had this phone for over a year and a half.  It has all the features I want and is wonderful concept.  However, it is VERY buggy and probably the worse piece of software I have paid for. I have constant problems that change or get fixed then new problems arise.Currently the Bluetooth skips (not as bad as it was) and the GPS regularly loses it's signal making the nav worthless.I lose GPS most of the time (I only use if for longer trips but sometime it looses it GPS before I leave my street) and the only way to restore GPS is to turn the phone off and on.  This is a pain when I am driving and relying on the GPS.  The blue tooth (not head phones or speakers) likes to skip often.  It was REALLY bad for a while but now it is less often.The screen is also unresponsive and I actually had to use the warranty I pay monthly for to have the phone replaced because the entire screen went permanently unresponsive.Bottom line, this is junk and I will be VERY skeptical about buying anything made by Samsung again. I can't wait till my contract is up so I can buy a smart phone that works.

Beware buyers. The epic is a good phone but in todays technology market its all about the updates!!!  Htc phones are really quick at putting out updates just like apple. samsungs are already out of date before you buy them. and wait a whole year to get new updates when others already have them. AVOID samsung phone!!!! samsung just poops out phones every month... and dont even try to keep their customers satisfied. Ive waited so long for my gingerbread update that i just went online and downloaded the leak of it. I shouldnt have to do that.

My eye sight is not that great, so a big but well contrast screen is important in my phone seletion. I dumped.the iphone for The EVO for its huge screen, a month later when the Epic showed up, I am so impressed with the AMOLED screen, I switched on the same day it was available, well actually the night before...The biggest selling point is, of course its screen. The color is crisp and clear, like constantly holding an HD TV in you hand, you can adjust the brightness to the lowest, yet the contrast is still there to make anything on it lively.The second impressive feature is the keyboard. For people who text a lot, you're in heaven. The keys are spaced so it is not easy to type two keys at the same time, good for clumsy fat fingers like mine.Number 3 reason? The speed. The cpu really flies while browsing or running apps.Belos are some complaints my friend and I have:Android 2.1 still have the battery life problem, but 2.2 should come soon, I hope, to fix it.WiFi seems not too stable so I get disconnected sometimes, but the 3G(no 4G yet in my area) is fast enough so it is hardly noticeable.Phone cannot be operated while charging using the AC adapter, meaning no fun while battery is low, because USB charging is slow.Finally, voice dialing not working with my bluetooth headset, while EVO works perfectly, not good if I need to call someone while driving, and Samsung never seems to be able to do thus right base on my experience with their phones.9/17/10 -I used to give it 5 stars, but am downgrading it to 3 star: too nany little problems. Samsung tends to rush product out so it can be no. 1 of something. The release it first, fix it or maybe not later attitude really spoiled a nice device like the Epic. The biggest stupid problem I have is the voice search/dialing. If the bluetooth headset is on, it will not work, now that is something I can't figure out for the life of me. Even the cheapest Sony phone can do voice whatever easily. If not for the screen and keyboard, I will switch back to EVO, at least EVO has no problem with it.On a side note, if you prefer touch screen keyboard and slimmer phone, EVO is still the NO. 1 choice. Now, if HTC is going for LED...9/21/10- Just updated to the new DI07 kernel; don't know if something else I did or what, battery life improves tremendously, I had it on and check emails from time to time, make calls at least 1.5 hours a day, from a 97% full charge (the blue led is not that accurate) 4 AM in the morning to 10 PM, I still have 70% battery juice left, quite impressive that deserves 1 star upgrade. If they fix the voice dialing problem, I will definitely give it back the 5 stars!!!

I paid a visit to a sprint store as I wanted to check this phone OUT first before I made any purchase. I must tell that I was extremely "Disappointed" with this device. The following is a major flaw, and deserves less than a star-You cannot swap calls. For those of you who do not know what this means, is just that if you are talking to two people, this phone gives you no option to put the first caller on hold and talk to the other while still keeping the other caller on the line. If you merge the calls to three ways, you are not able to separate the callers should you decide to stay and talk to just only one. You must hang up and redial. There were lots of complaints in the sprint store that the device has this serious flaw. Say, for instance, you were talking with your wife, and then your daughter called. If you took this call, you could not switch back to your wife. You must hang up and dial your wife back. I can't say anything more because I did not purchase the device for this reason I just cited. However, all I can tell is that this phone is beautiful; it has Android and a large screen

Do your homework and stay away from this phone now. Sprint forces you to update to gingerbread but it doesn't work with gingerbread. You will be very unhappy if you buy this phone now, in 2012, and realize too late. Do the research.

Its a great time to buy a cell phone right now, there seems to be a new phone every week with amazing features, but eventually it comes down to a few major functions that render a phone great.The Epic 4G is the best of the Galaxy S lineup because of its keyboard that actually is worth typing on, front facing camera, led indicator, and...4G!Since everyone who is looking at spring is slightly torn between this and the EVO 4G, I'll begin with the comparison of theses two devices.  No question the EVO is the more hip, sexy phone with its "look at me" 4.3 inch screen and kick stand.  The cons of the EVO are poor battery life, and the fact that though the screen is large, its still 800 X 480 and thus just stretches the picture out.  Also, even though these devices seem to barely be used as a phone, the actual phone functioning is middle of the road at best.So then why would someone get the Epic over the EVO?  Well it depends on a couple things.  Obviously if you enjoy typing on a legit almost as good as a blackberry keyboard, then get the epic, easy enough.  I enjoy typing on the physical keyboard, but with the various keyboards and swype out there, I'm as fast or even faster without the keyboard. The difference lies in comfort, writing long emails on swype is a bit tiring and the physical keyboard definitely comes in hand.  Also, when browsing the internet, I tend to open the keyboard and use the arrows to navigate more comfortably.  I always read the news on my phone before going to bed and it is much more enjoyable using the arrow keys.Lets talk touchwiz.  People are OBSESSED with HTC senses UI.  Yes, it is pretty, but, if you download the weather clock widget that is identical to the HTC one, MOST people won't be able to tell the difference!  The only thing touchwiz lags is the ability to see all 7 screens open at once, but if you use the UI correctly, you dont need this.  Having numerous widgets open that are continuously using data kills your battery life.  Seriously, do you need to be update on which one of your friends are running to the store to get peanut butter every 10 minutes? Check your facebook a few times a day and you'll be fine, geez! I therefore only have music and non data using widgets on my home screens to conserve battery life, and let me tell you it makes a big difference.  I like the side to side scrolling between apps a la iphone better than the standard up and down of android but this can be changed to vertical if thats your thang.  As for managing things properly to avoid having to use all 7 screens and keep a bunch of widgets open, use folders! I have 6 folders that essentially have every thing i'd ever need to access on my phone all less than half a second away.Things I LOVE about the epic.  The notification bar on top accessible from everywhere allows you to manage your connections in a heartbeat while also seamlessly checking messages and emails arriving.  Its a thing of wonder.  Second is the screen, duh! You have to look at the screen more than anything and this is where the epic shines.  They took a page from iphone on this one and said quality is better than quantity.  If the iphone ever went to 4 inches it would be impossible to compete with but right now i'll take the size and brightness of the super AMOLED over the retina display.  Third, its ridiculously easy to use.  People love the iphone b/c its idiot proof and while this is IMO as easy, its more fun of an experience.  Phones are about integrating the phone function, messaging, and applications with as much fluidity as possible, touchwiz + android does that.  Fourth, the phone.  The epic is the best sounding cell phone i've ever used.  Loud, clear, even on speaker! Enough said.  Fifth is the media player.  Dragging and dropping ROCKS, i HATE itunes syncing.  The interface is easy to use, you can create custom playlists right on the phone, delete songs from the phone, and in my opinion is capable enough to compete with ipod.  With amazonmp3 you get better prices, daily deals, and daily free songs to boot.  Sixth is the camera, at 5 MP it can create picture large enough to be posters but few of us do that.  All the 3 extra MPs the evo has is create LARGER, not BETTER pictures.  The picture the epic take are on par with regular 5mp cameras you can get at a store.  If you want really nice pics, u'll need an SLR camera, but the epic creates crisp, rich photos with a dedicated camera button as well.Things I don't like.  The battery life is an issue with all smart phones, the trick to make them last longer is to essentially make the smart phone less smart.  That means, limiting mindless app use, turning down brightness (although, even at 10% the epic looks nice), turning off 4g/btooth/wifi when not in use, and something that I do is when i'm in a building with poor reception, turn on airplane mode but leave wifi on so i can still be contacted but my phone wont drain from signal searching.  As I mentioned earlier, turning off programs that constantly use data is a good idea.  If you want to read the news, open a news app, if you want to see what your friends are up to, open facebook...do we really need widgets to constantly tell us whats going on?  Still though, you would think with this technological juggernaut they could figure out a way to install a battery that is as amazing as the phone.  The buttons at the bottom sometime give me frustration b/c they are not as sensitive as I like.  I've memorized where each button is so the whole light issue doesnt bother me, but you can set the keys to "Stay on while screen is on" which limits confusion.  Sometimes when manipulating the status bar, the brightness will automatically upgrade to 60%, not sure why, but I have to go back and change it.  The phone is thin enough without a case to feel nice in the pocket.  The addition of a case, however, would render the phone a bit too thick for my pleasure.  I have a skin on the front and thats it for now, if someone comes out with a very thin case to protect the back from bruises i'll be happy.Overall, if you use this phone properly, theres really nothing any other phone offers that this doesnt already have.  Whenever froyo comes out I'm sure it will be even better.  Highly recommended.Pros:- Screen- Battery if used properly- keyboard thats almost as good as bb- music player that can replace an ipod- easy to use- phone call qualityCons:- Battery with heavier use- Buttons can be a bit annoying- Random brightness adjustment (Even if auto bright turned off)- Too thick to use with case- even though sprint is significantly cheaper and i'll get my money back, 200 or 250 for the epic vs free for the fascinate and 50 for the captivate sting..

We carefull when buying this phone, Samsung is shipping phones with a bad master image, I got my Epic back in October and there were 3 updates over the air (OTA) but neither Samsung nor Sprint can manually update my phone and after 6 nights and two trips to Sprint's repair center, they are tryng to replace my phone with a refurbish one after paying for a brand new phone not even 3 months ago. Sprint customer service is a disaster, they will give you mix informtation just to get you off the phone.

Pros:-4G-Keyboard is very useful and intuitive- did not think I would use it as frequently as I have-The processor of the phone is lightning fast-comes with very nice headphones and higher capacity storage card that EVO-Screen is beautiful in day and night-I am indifferent in this system vs IU SENSE, but this is much fasterCons:-GPS is faulty- i believe this is being fixed-awful widgets- HTC is much better-buttons at the bottom of phone are not as sensitive as i would like. I also like the double tap of the home button of htc phones to turn on-power button could be places better-battery is just piss poor, i dont know if its the same as evo or notI have had the phone for a week now and love it. very happy.

The epic has is great phone with a large very clear screen. The keyboard is extremely handy when you want to send long emails or type extra fast text messages. Battery life is not great but can be managed if you know you won't have access to a charger for awhile.

Ok first off this phone is really great but its a little bulky. My only complaint is the software updates for this phone and how it feels like a toy phone. Its running on 2.1 android and they finally released it to 2.2 after around 6-7 months of the phones release. I returned the phone after testing it for 28 days and heard they will be releasing the evo 3d and samsung nexus S this spring and summer so if you can wait I suggest waiting, both these phones will be 4g and will have a lot more power than this phone and also run on the new android OS 2.3 and might be running the 3.0. I wanted to love this phone but with the lack of software updates and the feel of the cheap plastic I stuck with the evo and will probably upgrade to the new evo 3d this summer. The camera is great and so is the key board but its not enough to keep me.

After finally getting a job where I dont have to live paycheck to paycheck and can finally afford nice things I spent a lot of time shopping for a phone. I have a job in the IT sector so when it comes to purchasing technology I am always sure to buy the best I can afford. This phone was no exception. It is frankly the best mobile device on the market hands down.The good:Highest specs of any phone out right nowPhysical keyboardincredible screen resolutiondisturbingly fast response timeLots of versatility and customizationThe bad:Camera isnt as great as I expected but I am no photographer so I dont really care.Battery life is about 5 hours although I am doing stuff on the phone constantly. Idle it lasts way longer (most of the battery is taken up by the display)No 2.2 yet :(Other stuff:Some people say the GPS istn accurate but seems pretty accurate to me. Besides anyone who needs gps to tell them what street they are on is a moron.In conclusion:Not only is this the best phone specs wise but it also has a physical keyboard. I feel sorry for all the poor saps who have to use an on screen keyboard all the time, thats gotta suck.

Some background:I switched from iPhone 3GS (AT&T;) to Epic 4G (Sprint). Prior to the iPhone I had an AT&T; Tilt and Samsung Blackjack (AT&T;).I was reluctant to order this phone. I was quite happy with the iPhone but I was tired of the locked-down approach that Apple has.  So this was my "first" Android phone and I definitely had very high expectations from it.Both Epic 4G and Sprint disappointed me to the extent that I am going back to AT&T; with an Atrix 4G.Pros:1. Crisp high resolution screen. It is comparable to iPhone 4.2. Great integration with Samsung TV/Blu-ray (if you have them).3. Haptic feedback on the screen is great. Makes it feel more interactive.4. Overall voice quality is good - except for the speakerphone (see below).5. I recorded some 720p videos and I was impressed with the result. The cameras on this phone are great.Cons:1. I cannot stress this enough: Battery! Battery! BATTERY! It lasts for less than 4 hours under normal use. By "normal" I don't mean playing YouTube videos constantly. I mean just browsing the web, using Facebook, and setting email to check for every 15 minutes. Under heavy use (e.g. live video stream), the battery wouldn't last for more than an hour. You have to keep charging it whenever you can or you'll have nothing but a brick in your pocket once the battery is dead unless you have a spare one fully charged and ready.2. Battery recharges is very slow!!! I mean extremely slow!! You have to keep it plugged in all night to get it to fully charge. And no, I am not plugging it to a computer's USB port. I am using Samsung supplied wall adapter.3. 4g signal is spotty even if you live in the downtown area where Sprint advertises full 4g coverage. The 4g signal keeps going to sleep (showing Zzz). When it does go to sleep, it will NOT wake up even if you try to use the Internet. You have to actually disable and then enable 4G to wake it up. And then it will go back to sleep within minutes even while you're using data. Completely useless. Not sure if this is a device issue or something with Sprint 4G services. But it is not good.4. Speakerphone on this phone does not perform well in slightly noisy environments. It has to be completely dead silence for you to be able to use speaker phone or you'll be constantly repeating to the person on the other line. When the speaker phone is turned off, the call quality is good.

I've been with T-Mobile now for a few years, and I read some pretty cool things about the Samsung Epic, so my wife and I each gave one a shot under Sprint's 30 day "test drive."  Long and short -- the Epic didn't live up to what we were hoping for, and we ended up sticking with T-Mobile (and got the T-Mobile G2).  (Note -- neither of us work for either company, and have absolutely no connection or dedication to either company.)  Here are our pros and cons on the Epic:Pros:-- Brilliant, eye-catching screen.  Super AMOLED is incredible.  This is one area where the Epic is a little nicer than the T-Mobile G2.  (The Epic screen is a little over-saturated, and the G2 renders colors a little more naturally, but all in all, the Epic has a great screen.)-- Physical keyboard has a lot of useful keys; all four capacitative buttons from front face of phone are duplicated on the keyboard.  Dedicated row of number keys is nice.--  Sprint 4G (when you can get it, and you're not concerned about burning up the battery) is very fast.Cons:-- TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE battery life (even after exchanging for a different phone and battery).  I could never get more than 8-10 hours of standby/use under very average use; a few days I didn't even make it through the day.  (I use my phone for basic business emailing, infrequent texting, and occasional web-browsing when bored.)  I even did extensive internet research on how to improve battery life, and pretty much every idea I found involved disabling or shutting off every feature that makes the Epic useful/fun/cool.  And don't even think about using the fancy Sprint 4G too much -- that drains the Epic's battery faster than anything (which is a little annoying, given that you pay $10/line/month for the 4G.)  What's the point of having a phone where you can't use anything on it???  The battery life issues are by far the most common complaint I have seen re: the Epic, and my experience was no different.  (By point of contrast, in my second day of use with the T-Mo G2, I got 24 hours of typical standby/use.  For me, that is an acceptable battery life for one of these high-powered smartphones.)-- Painfully slow charger.  The Epic took over 4 hours to go from 15-20% power to full charge.  (Again, only by point of contrast, my G2 recharges in about 2 hrs.  I've read that Samsungs in general don't charge very fast.)-- A little pricey.  The Epic is $250 after the $100 rebate...by contrast, you can get other Android phones on other carriers for $150-200.  When you are dealing with two phones, as we were, the $100-$200 difference isn't chump change.-- Still no Android 2.2 for any Samsung phone!!!  (On every other Android phone, OS 2.2 has been out for months.  Again, Samsung phones are typically behind on the OS updates.)  That means no Flash support, so a lot of webpages will have blanks or unplayable embeds.  On a similar point, Samsung doesn't use straight Android -- they have their own overlay operating system on top of the Android layout.  (I've read this is what slows down the OS updates.)  I didn't like the Samsung overlay OS; much prefer the plain Android.  The Samsung overlay OS is bloated and not particularly intuitive, and I believe slows this phone down.  Android OS ain't broke, don't try and fix it Samsung!  Just give us 2.2 Froyo!-- The phone is a little bulky.  The weight was good on the Epic (noticeably lighter than the T-Mobile G2), but the Epic is larger in size.  I really feel like Epic exceeded the sweet spot in terms of its size.  The Epic was also little "plasticky" (compared with a lot of brushed metal on the G2), but that does probably help out the Epic with the weight.-- Sprint 4G is not particularly functional.  This is not a complaint about the Epic per se, but is nevertheless relevant to this phone.  As I noted above, when you get the Epic, you must pay $10/month/line for Sprint 4G.  (That $10/month over a two year contract is $240, and nearly $500 on two lines!!)  In the three weeks that I tried the Epic, I used the 4G service *maybe* 5 times (my wife even less).  Why?  First, battery life, as noted above.  You can't leave the 4G radio on th Epic on all the time, b/c it will halve your battery life.  Second, the process of getting on Sprint 4G is clunky -- you have to first turn on the 4G radio, then wait for it to connect, and then (if it actually connects), got to the browser and pull up the webpage.  By point of contrast, with my T-Mo G2, the phone will automatically connect to the higher speed, 4G T-Mobile network if it is available.  Thus, you don't have to take all the additional steps as with the Sprint phones.  In just one week of use of the G2, I've actually gotten to make use of T-Mo's 4G network more than in the three weeks I had the Epic.  (I know Sprint's 4G is technically supposed to be faster than T-Mo 4G HSPA+, but not by much (we tested the Epic and the G2 side by side), and when you account for the unfunctionality of the Sprint 4G, it's simply not worth it.)Hope this helps those of you who are out there shopping around.

The Epic is an OK phone.  It seemed to be the best option Sprint had to offer in October 2010.Pros:-  Screen size and sharpness-  Physical keyboard (though vlingo app is great to transcribe spoken words)Cons:-  Battery life is its weakest feature, barely lasts a day, even with what I believe to be light use.-  Large, bulky phone-  Android OS is for "techies" - Its the Windows vs. Apple.-  User has to manually turn Wi-fi on & off, unlike iPhone where it automatically connects to known wi-fi systems.  -  Wi-Fi also drains the battery much faster.-  Expensive (highest priced smartphone in 2010)-  Experiencing several technical difficulties (phone is 6 months old).a.  Unable to add new or update existing applications.b.  No spoken directions in navigation application - need to restart the phone to get voice outputc.  unable to access voicemail.  have to restart the phone to access voicemail.Resolution is a hard reset and loose all data and set up the phone again.

Several years ago the US Government made a law requiring every cell phone manufacturer to have functioning GPS. Compliance with this law is not optional. This law was created because many people were using their cell phones to call 911 for real emergencies. Many friends of mine have cancelled their land lines in their homes and use their cell phones exclusively. This law was created to save lives. Lives were being lost because people were calling from the scenes of freeway or by-way accidents and the caller did not know enough to direct emergency teams to the site. Others were having a medical emergency where they could make the call but could not talk. People died because of this. This GPS requirement is used by 911 dispatchers to locate precisely where the caller is and quickly get emergency teams activated.Point #1. The Samsung Galaxy Galaxy Epic with Android V2.2 is an illegal device. It does not meet the requirements of the law. This makes Samsung and every distributer of these illegal devices criminally liable. Every single carrier and manufacturer knows this requirement. They cannot claim ignorance. Every single salesperson who claims the devices they are pushing have GPS is liable for fraud because of this serious deficiency.Point #2. My Epic often locks up so the swipe feature does not unlock the phone. I have used every finger on my two hands, multiple fingers, and nothing works. This makes the Epic a danger to anyone with a medical condition who relies on this junk to save their lives.Point #3. The Epic cannot function with my noise-cancelling blue tooth ear piece to make a hands-free phone call. For 3 years I had hands-free capability using a Verizon phone and only having to tap one button on my blue-tooth ear piece to initiate a voice-activated call. This deficiency makes this Samsung junk extremely dangerous when attempting to make any sort of call when driving, for emergency or otherwise.Point #4. The Epic using Android V2.1 is extremely wasteful of battery power. The blue tooth function has a heavy battery drain when activated. The battery runs down so fast that it is often useless after 3 or 4 hours. My Verizon smart phone battery lasted for up to 3 days.Point #5. When placing a phone call and using the blue-tooth ear piece, it is necessary to go through a multi-screen, multi-button routine to pair it with the ear piece for each and every call. This is extremely dangerous to use when driving. One must take their eyes off the road for SEVERAL extended periods to use this junk at all.Point #6. If the Samsung Galaxy Epic S provided ALL the functions Samsung and Sprint claimed, it would be a wonderful device. There are several essential functions that are missing or severely deficient and therefore dangerous to the owner. The lack of these essential and basic features makes this device junk.Anyone want to be the first person to make this legal case against Samsung, Sprint, AT&T;, Verizon, Amazon, Costco, Sam's Club, Walmart, T-Mobile, and every other carrier in the USA? This alone should break this incredibly stupid feud between Samsung and the carriers about releasing Android V2.2 and perhaps the next version V2.3 as well. V2.3 is already in Samsung devices so they know how to do it. I wouldn't be surprised that V2.3 is also deficient.

The Epic 4g is simply unbelievable. I've had this phone for over a week now, and I still can't put it down. I'm coming from the Touch Pro 2, which I could no longer stand, so here is my breakdown of why this phone is simply the best:Pros-Gorgeous, extremely responsve screen that is the perfect size-Very lightweight and thin for a slider-Intuitive UI- unlike windows mobile, no matter how deep you go into the phone settings and menus everything is still smooth and bold and bright.-Fast! I'm not in a 4g area, but even with 3g or wifi web browsing is actually fun on this phone. It's easy to navigate and interact with webpages which are rendered quickly and beautifully. I've actually been making use of my data plan.-Gmail works great. Again it has a bold, attractive layout and gives easy access to almost all the features you'd use on your computer-text input is soo much fun! There are so many options (virtual/physical/swype keyboard) that I constantly switch around because I can't choose just one. Swype is great once you take the time to learn it.Cons-somewhat plastic feel (but Iactually like that the phone doesn't feel heavy and expensive)- at first the screen feels a bit too responsive, it takes some getting used to-power button is at the top right, which is a very odd and inconvenient place-camera button is at bottom right and sicks out so it's easy to press by accident-physical keyboard has very flat keys-no froyo yet-haven't tried video or gps, so no comment-included widgets aren't very useful, but you can find plenty free ones in the marketIn conclusion, I love my new phone.

I've owned this phone for 9 months, and after the first couple of "honeymoon" months, it has been getting progressively worse with spontaneous rebooting and locking up while in use.  It spontaneously restarts itself once or twice per day, and completely locks up three or four times per day.  I've lost count of the number of times the phone has woken me up as it recharges on my nightstand at 4 AM due to a 3+1 vibrating pattern it loops through when it locks up (I don't have it set to vibrate for ANY notifications).  The only way to make the phone operable again after it locks up is to remove the battery- none of the buttons are operable when a lock-up happens. The phone has been wiped twice by Sprint and they have determined that the issue is not related to software.  Luckily, Sprint is running an open enrollment for August 2011 for their Total Equipment Protection Plan ($8/Mo) and I can get a replacement phone through them in a few days- otherwise, I'd be subject to Samsung's manufacturer's warranty (I have 3 more months left under the 1-year mfr warranty), which would take longer.  If you have this phone through Sprint, I recommend enrolling in Sprint's TEP Plan this month to avoid any future heartache.  I actually like this phone, but the issues I've experience with it are definitely a deal-breaker for me.  I'd request a replacement phone from a different manufacturer if I could, but the TEP plan requires 3 replacement cycles before a different phone can be substituted.  I'm hoping that I don't have to go through 3 replacement cycles to get a properly operating Samsung Epic 4G phone!!!  By the way, I am not in any way associated with Sprint (other than being their customer) and do not receive any compensation from Sprint whatsoever.  Their service has been excellent so far throughout this frustrating experience.

Got this great phone for .01 on amazonwireless.com, same phone with upgrade discount at Sprint would have cost $161.61.  That much of a saving alone should lead you want to try this phone, but if that's not enough than lets talk about the phone, Screen is the most clear and best I've see, the phone has all the bells and whistle anyone from a texting freak to a email got have news junkie would ever need.  I'm just so glad I found it at this great savings and it works just the way I would want it, Thanks Samsung and thanks even more AmazonWireless.com nothing but BOO'S AND THUMBS DOWN to sprint.com phone sale and there inflated prices.

I recently bought the Epic as both my husband & I switched to Sprint from Verizon because of Sprint's data plan. I wanted a keyboard so it was between the Epic & HTC EVO Shift. The Epic has a bigger screen so that was the deciding factor. I ended up returning the phone ( I got it at Best Buy since they did all the number porting, transfer of contacts, etc) & getting the Shift.1. The phone cut out on phone calls and screen would blank out. Even though timeout was set to 10 mins. Sometimes you couldn't even get through the unlock screen without it blanking out.2. Outside the screen was difficult to see even if you were sitting in a car with filtered light.3. Battery life is an issue. I would make sure I killed running apps after I used them. Unlike a computer where you close the window & the program stops on the phone it doesn't so I would you use the task manager to make sure it was closed. You cannot get an extended life battery for this phone without using a third party and it involves removing the back & replacing it with a new back which is bigger & bulky. The Shift battery can be replaced with an extended life one by just swapping and will charge a battery using the wall charger so you can have multiple batteries.I don't know if my phone was defective causing the screen issue but the call issue did go away when I switched to the Evo Shift.

I am very critical when it comes to my phone. I have been using smartphones since the days of the HTC Tytn. I couldn't go back to a regular phone knowing that the world is available for the same monthly fee on a smartphone.THE EPIC: From taking it out of the box, powering it up for the first time, and marveling at the beautiful screen. You can tell right away that this phone wasn't just thrown together as a shot to get in the 4g market.PROS: The 4in screen is truly amazing,the colors,clairity,and size all contribute to an enjoyable visual experience.The 1gig Hummingbird processor is fast as you could want in a phone, even faster than the snapdraggon in the evo, desire, and motorolla phones.The slide-out keyboard is big and easy to use with your menu,home,back,and search keys on the sides.The fit and finish has to be mentioned as well. Not a cheaply thrown together phone. the weight, rounded edges, and sturdy slide make this phone feel strong in your hands.Android flies on this little machine even with 2.1 for the time being.The 5meg camera seems to take very nice pics and has plenty of options for the enthusiast. It does have a forward facing camera for video chat, but haven't used it yet.CONS: Still looking for something to complain about. Some say the battery is very bad, but mine has gone 18 hours off the charger with normal use. I did notice on the first day I was playing with it constantly and it ran down in about 6 hours. But with normal use you shouldn't have a problem making it thru the day.This phone is truly on the same playing field as the evo, iphone 4, but with a sliding keyboard for those who want everything. I would have to say that there are just a handfull of awesome phones out there and the EPIC should be placed in the top 3. In my opinion it has earned it's name!

Cannot connect and maintain a wifi signal.  Always drops and cannot easily scan for networks.  Looking online at fixes it Ssems to be known issue.Screen is brilliant and beautiful, but wifi is awful.

I can't even begin to describe what a nightmare Sprint customer service is.  You have to experience it to believe it could really be this bad.  Expect to spend hours for the simplest things (like wanting to give them more money for an upgraded plan, or buying a new phone).  I know AT&T; service is awful too, and verizon turns over private data (if you can deal with that incredible breach of trust, their service is good in my experience), but there is always T-mobile and several regional carriers.  Good luck.Since I wrote this I have to say Sprint customer service has become bearable.  It was so bad I can't explain why I stayed with them, but lately they have been kinder, and while I still get misinformation from CS reps, and it still takes far too long on the phone to fix simple matters, it's been more like 40 minutes than 4 hours, so I've increased my rating (so the math in the title is no longer accurate)Update #2 - as they have messed up my service (accidently changed my number?! - how do you even do that??) and can't seem to figure out how to fix it - meanwhile no one can reach me, and all I get is 30 minute holds when I can sprint while they fix nothing.  Well, at least the math in my title works again.

I've been an Evo user since June 4th launch day and have had the Epic as my main phone for a few days now.  My previous phone to these was a Palm Pre.Let's address why the Epic is $50 more.  The physical keyboard obviously costs more but Samsung also throws in a 16GB micro-SD card (Evo comes with 8GB and I paid $30 for my 16GB card) and a surprisingly decent pair of noise canceling headphones.  Those cover the extra $50, but there is one major feature it has over the Evo: the super AMOLED screen.When I first saw the screen, I thought it looked nice.  Then I had my Evo side by side and wow, does the Evo look washed out.  It is a glaring difference.Another big pro to the Epic is the Hummingbird processor and it you plan on playing games with your phone, the Epic will blow the Evo away on framerates, and of course you will have the keyboard for buttons.I did not have any issues with mine.  There are some reports of GPS issues but mine performed flawlessly, just as well as the Evo.  Swype is preloaded and works just as well as on the Evo (you will have to dig on the interwebs for a minute to load it), and the voice recognition works as well as the Evo.  Are you noticing a theme?  They are both top of the line Android phones and unless there's a defect, many features will be a draw.I have a much longer review of the Evo here on Amazon but I'll compare to the Epic here:  the phones are the same size but the Evo is almost all screen (the Epic is noticeably lighter).  I prefer the Evo's aesthetics to what Samsung tried to do with the curves on the Epic, which is in line with the Moment (not a good thing).  The vast majority of users will strongly prefer HTC's Sense UI over Samsung's Touchwiz, but I use ADW Launcher, so it's a moot point for me.These phones are very close and if I want a keyboard or a gaming-friendly device, I would opt for the Epic.  The SAMOLED screen was almost enough to sway me, but I just prefer everything else about the Evo.  It may be slightly older, but it will be a beast for a while to come. That's quite impressive in this age of cell-phones, where there is always a better device next month.  Evo already has FroYo, a huge improvement to battery life (36 hours for my Evo) and based on track records, it will get Gingerbread before the Epic.What's the better device?  That's a personal preference, but you won't go wrong with either one.  As far as hardware specs, the Epic wins and is worthy of the 5 star rating (with the caveat that you will likely prefer ADW or Launcher Pro over Touchwiz).  However, the Evo has the intangibles that I care care about and it's my personal pick.

Let me begin by stating that I am new to the smart phone market.  I have always gotten one of the cheaper cell phones at the Sprint store.  After years of frustration, I decided that it was time to make the move to a new phone.  Having experienced only the simplest of web browsing and e-mail features of my old phones, I was expecting big things from the Epic.  It did not disappoint.I will freely admit I chose to buy the Epic on the launch day mainly because everywhere is out of the Evo.  I didn't feel I needed to spend the extra 50$.  I am still not sure if it is, but 50$ spread out over the life of my Epic isn't really that much of a cost difference.Being new to these kinds of phones I really wasn't sure if I needed the hard keyboard or not.  I will say I used it more in the beginning, but I do still use it.  The SWYPE virtual keyboard had me a little intimidated at first, but am texting one-handed with ease now.One thing I do think the Evo has is better widgets.  I just don't like the aesthetic of the samsung widgets.  I am sure some of you will/do like them, they just are not for me.The big issue about these phones has been the battery.*  If you are expecting to leave your phone off the charger for a couple of days and get by.  DON'T*  You WILL need to plug it in every night.(if you talk briefly and turn off WiFi, 4g, GPS and don't go online you might be ok, but face itwe bought these things to do exactly that)*  With moderate mixed usage I make it through the day.  I charge it every night.  Not a big deal.*  Built in Task Manager is great for killing battery sucking apps.One feature I love, is the cartoon option for taking photos.  It will take pictures in the style of A Scanner Darkly and Waking Life.

I read the one-star reviews, some of which were more about *Sprint* than the phone, which I think is most unfair to the phone itself.That said, I had this phone from the time it first came on the market, with *Sprint*, and had absolutely no problems with it.  I don't have this phone anymore, because my son got an iPhone, after buying the Galaxy Epic S II, only two weeks prior to the iPhone!  I thought that was a waste of a new phone, so I gave my daughter this phone, and took the S II. (She did not want a virtual keyboard)I wish I'd stayed with this phone.  I miss the physical keyboard, very badly, mostly because I can actually type, and virtual keyboards just don't cut it.  This phone seems to have better performance to me, but of course that's subjective.  The phone has a great battery life, which of course will vary, by how it's used.  A gamer can't expect it to keep up with all their multitasking, for instance - sheesh!If you want a reliable, easy-to-operate phone, this is the one for you.  If you're a gamer, or other type who needs something that'll do a zillion things at once, maybe this isn't your thing.  On average, my battery lasted a day and a half, before needing a charge, despite my checking email, browsing, and playing board games on it (low res).  I don't speak on the phone very much, (not even the land line) so I can't really comment on whether it holds up to constant calls.  I *can* tell you that my 21 y/o daughter loves this phone, is constantly talking to her friends, among other things on it, and has had no problems whatsoever.

Things that have gone wrong with the phone.- Very seldom can i end a call because the end button on the touch screen is very laggy.-Freezes up for a couple seconds constantly.-Does not seprate my texts i have to hunt through my texts in that convo to see what that person has said.- The first time i ever droped the phone the screen went black and it needed a two week repair- as oposed to my iphone ive dropped it for than 10 times and still no internal or physical damage.- After the phone was repaired I put it in my pocket one day,took it out and the screen was magicaly cracked.-Samsung still hasnt released 2.2 firmware- Finally for being the second 4g phone i expected something alot more like the EVO.

Coming from a Blackberry (and a Palm Treo for  years prior) this is quite a change. Had BB offered the Torch on Sprint, I'd have stayed  with BB. I am primarily a "functional" phone guy, as in I talk, text, and use the occasional app. I wanted more, but I didn't necessarily want "this". Unfortunately, with Sprint, you either get your father's Oldsmobile or a flying car with little in between.Make no mistake -- the Epic is pretty and the Epic is cool. The browser kills. Visual voicemail (do people leaves voicemails?) rocks. The phone is super fast in terms of processing power. 4G is fast, despite being a bit impractical for me. I like the Droid market and all of the apps. It connected to my exchange server, synced the calendar and contacts, connected all my other email, etc. SWYPE is really neat. The keyboard is spacious and easy to use. The phone is super-dee-duper cool. Now, the bad parts.......Navigating this thing is awkward. Maybe if you come from "this" phone world, it will be an easier transition, but from a Blackberry its a new language. The BB was really fast and  organized for finding contacts, texting, email, google talk, whatever... plain and simple, it just WORKED, and it worked fast. Well, the Epic works too, but it works differently and it is not fast. Too many clicks and menus to do what you want. You eventually get there, but...The screen is amazing to look at and its sensitive. So sensitive that you can't open the keyboard without activating something you didn't want activated!!! You can go back quickly, but its an annoyance.I really, really, REALLY HATE having to unlock the phone, click the Phone button, then click favorites or call log to make a call. I should be able to default to call log. If you click contacts, you then need to click search (unless you want to scroll them all). Its brutal. Of course, you can use the global search, but there is no context menu to email/message/etc, so you need to click the contact, then navigate some more from their contact page to what you need to do. It is awkward.Overall, the phone itself is bulky, and that lends to the somewhat uncomfortable feel.Being a google phone, it plays well with google apps. Sadly, their presentation and execution sort of stink. Why separate Email and Gmail apps? You can add a gmail account to "Email", but it puts it in both spots, which is retarded logic. The GoogleTalk app looks almost identical to the SMS. You can't see if the other person is typing. Both functioned better on the BB.My biggest gripe is that you can't adjust the Font sizes. To me, everything is too big, especially in landscape mode. I want more space to see what I am typing. For such a big screen, there is really very little real estate. This is unacceptable.The battery isn't as bad as you have heard. No, its actually far worse. If you turn off all services, play no games, use your task killer religiously, talk under an hour, and don't do much messaging or web browsing on 3g, you *might* go 8-10 hours without needing a recharge. I can't complain because I knew it coming in, but your first purchase should be a spare battery and charger.The 4g is neat, but if you have wifi, you don't need it. It is a massive battery drain, availability is limited, and imo, it should be an option for $10, not a requirement. That irks me big time. I would not have opted for it.All told, this is a neat device, but its really clunky and awkward. Its more akin to using a netbook than a lightweight handheld device. I am hoping they make changes to alter that experience. I would recommend the phone, but it comes with caveats. Good luck.

Bought it at 9am this morning and returned it at 7pm. 4G signal only when outdoors...only 3g indoors. Seems to be a long connection outage whenever switching from 4g-3g or vice versa. Dropped calls 3 times driving up and down the freeway from Dallas to Mckinney. Hardware is nice but Sprint network...atleast in DFW is as bad as ever. Waiting for the Epic to come out on another network or the G2 on HSPA+ network on T-mobile.

Over the past few years, in my humble opinion, Samsung has really become a powerhouse of quality.  I am slowly changing every piece of electronics I own to Samsung, and I believe with the exception of the hard drive in this computer, this phone now completes my plot.In short, this phone is an excellent device.  The screen is AMOLED (a fairly new technology...before now I have only seen it on my Cowon mp3 player) and is just breathtaking.  The slide out keyboard is a huge pleasure to use.  A few of the early problems with the software in the phone have long since been fixed and all of these phones are now shipping with the latest updates, etc., and everything I've tried (ventrilo, yahoo messenger, google sky, Clayton Bixby soundboard LOL!, etc.) is just great.  My wife at the same time got the HTC EVO 4G, which is a similar phone with almost identical functionalities except that the Evo does *NOT* have the AMOLED technology, nor does it have a keyboard.  Compared side by side, the Epic's graphics are better, both in the screen technology, and in the frame rate (e.g., scrolling is ice-smooth in the Epic, and just a touch jerky in the Evo which you notice when they're side by side).There are two things to point out however:1) The wi-fi (i.e., to your home router) functionality in the phone is mediocre.  The signal strength is not even close to what you'd expect in a device like a laptop.  But of course, there's hardly any antenna in there for wi-fi, so what do you expect?  Any place in your house to which your wireless router BARELY reaches will be unreachable from the Epic.  (e.g., I can't get wifi in this phone on my back porch, and the laptop just barely makes it).  This is probably true, uniformly, for any smart phone like this one, so I don't personally count it against the Epic 4G.  My wife's EVO might be slightly better, but it's close.2) The HTC Evo is a SOLID, DENSE piece of equipment with a metal case all around.  The Samsung Epic is *NOT*.  The Epic merely has sturdy molded plastic.  There is a distinct difference in solidity when you hold both of them in your hand, and the Evo is NOTICEABLY heavier as a result.But overall I'm very happy with this device.  All of the complaints about "battery life is too short" seem ridiculous to me.  I used the phone all day today on 3G and 4G networks and had over 50% left when I got home.  It's 100% that this phone will last a normal person all day long without needing a charge; I have NO IDEA where all these battery complaints are coming from.  This is the premium Android experience.  Do not hesitate to get this.  The marginally smaller screen than the Evo is barely a consideration in my opinion, especially when juxtaposed with the far more awesome AMOLED screen technology and outstanding pull out keyboard.NOTE: Sprint is ridiculously optimistic in their 4G coverage maps.  Do *NOT* expect to get the widespread coverage that they seem to indicate.  I'm supposed to get EASY "in-home" 4G at my location...but there isn't even a WHISPER of a 4G signal in here.  ZERO.  When I go outside, I get ONE BAR and spotty signal.  According to Sprint's street level maps, I should have been PINNED even inside the house.  But, whatever, this didn't surprise me, and I am sure coverage is improving every day.

I bought the phone back in August of 2010, and was impressed only because i was naive as to what a good phone is supposed to do. After owning it for less than a year i was getting extremely frustrated with the phone. It was getting sluggish, for no apparent reason, the battery life was awful. I couldn't receive picture messages unless I was on wifi or 4g. 4g is extremely spotty especially in the O.C. The phone's app's were constantly force closing. Opening apps, took far too long. So after less than a year, i hated this phone. Most of these problems could have been fixed if Samsung supported there products, but they do not. So the consumer ends up with a mildly decent product for about 6 months, after which they are so frustrated with, they're basically forced to buy a new "faster" phone, so that precious seconds aren't wasted from their life. Thus continues the vicious circle of crap released by phone company and phone manufactures. Of course there are exceptions to this, but samsung is not one of those exceptions.However there is light at the end of this tunnel. There is a myriad of 3rd party developers that release wonderful modified or updated ROMS for the android OS. These ROMS are finely tuned and optimized to take full advantage of the phones hardware. Because of these creative and intelligent souls, I now own a phone that i can be proud of. It's faster, smoother, glitch free and works damn near flawlessly..Im not one of those people that have to have the latest and greatest the day its released. I buy products with the intentions of getting the most out of them and take pride in keeping my 1yr old antique phone running great. Dont get caught up in trying to keep up with the Jones's.

I was evaluating this phone vs the Evo 4G to replace my former Samsung Moment.  I spent a few weeks with each and ultimately decided on the Epic for a number of reasons which I'll try to list briefly:Screen:  16 Million Colors vs the Evo's 64 Thousand Colors.  This makes a HUGE difference in the clarity and color accuracy of the screen.  Also, it is much more accurate for using Swype.Speaker:  When using the speaker for calls and music, it was much louder and much clearer than the Evo's.  Obviously of higher quality.Microphone:  From the people I talked to on the phone, they said the Epic sounded clearer, less garbled.  Also, when recording video it seemed to eliminate a lot more background noise.Camera:  While the Evo has a slightly higher Megapixel rating, the Epic's camera is far superior in color and clarity, no questions asked.  The flash was comparable between both phones.User Interface:  Surprisingly enough, I found the Epic's TouchWiz interface to be a lot more functionally useful than the Evo's HTC Sense.  Sense seemed cluttered and busy, while TouchWiz was simple, easy to figure out, and worked right out of the box.Swype:  This is a huge one... it took quite a bit of finagling to get Swype to work on the Evo, and even with that there's no guarantee it will continue to work or be supported.  Because the Epic comes with Swype it will always be supported and stable.  Even with the QWERTY Physical Keyboard, I find myself using Swype almost exclusively.Memory:  This is obvious, Epic comes with 16GB while Evo comes with 8GB... for the same price point, it just makes sense.Headphones:  The Samsung Headset that comes with the Epic is actually very high quality.  It sounded significantly better than the seemingly identical set I bought for $20 to go with the Evo.Battery Life:  While the battery ratings and most benchmark tests seem to be comparable, I found the Epic to get much longer battery life... maybe this is just me, but that was my experience.Other thoughts:The charger / USB cable connects at the top of the phone and makes it a bit difficult to use the Qwerty keyboard while plugged in.  Fortunately, Swype eliminates the need for *me* to use the Qwerty most of the time, so this isn't a big issue for me.  At worst, just unplug it when you're actually typing.The Evo already has Android 2.2, the Epic is running 2.1 but is scheduled to be updated to 2.2 by the end of November 2010.There were some nice widgets that came with Sense, but because of the other points listed above, I didn't feel these were enough to justify keeping it.

When first purchased back in the summer of 2011, this phone was phenomenal.  The only complaints for the phone was of course that the 4G antenna loved to drain the battery while barely getting more than 2bars of signal, thus providing similar speed to the 3G.  After the 5th month the problems began; constant force closes on even phone calls, screen freezing up, battery running super hot, slower response to touch screen.The phone problems, we later found out, weren't unique.  My wife had the same phone (now has Epic 4G Touch, huge improvement, miss the pull out qwerty) and hers was so bad we had to do two resets at the Sprint store where the sales man 1st blamed the apps, then the OS, then technology for making phone function as more than just a phone.  We took it to Best Buy where they were originally purchased and found ourselves with a lady that had the identical problems and was told over the phone that it was unique to her!  There we were 3 people with the same phone, having the same problems, all being told it was unique to us!Because early upgrades can be costly, only my wife has the new phone.  I'm still going along with the problems, having gotten used to taking the battery out the phone 3-4 times a day to reset it, as recommended by Sprint and Best Buy sales people.  Worst part is when it locks up while using the Navigation from Google to get somewhere unknown.  Very disappointing experience to say the least (I'm waiting for a viable Windows phone on Sprint to switch to, Android OS is too fragmented to stick around with)

This is my first android phone and i have to say i am highly impressed by what i see. Although there are already plenty of things already annoying me about this phone. instead of writing a paragraph i will just list some annoyances.-power button is too small and placed to far back on the phone, which means your always trying to feel your way to it instead of it just being habitual and its the only button you can press to wake it up.-slide out keyboard is not that comfortable to use, and the space bar is too small. and found the 4 short cut keys on each side not that useful for me. (but thats just me)I'm finding myself using the virtual keys more than i do the physical.-the back button seems to be a little off, it needs to be touched just the right way just to get it to work. while the other touch sensitive buttons work perfectly.-the body of this phone feels pretty cheap and for the price im pretty pissed off they couldn't use some sturdy material.OK now for the positives!-touchwiz UI is not bad on this phone and adds a nice style to the android interface, and gives you 7 home screens.-browser is awesome, there are also other browsers you can experiment with, as a former blackberry user the ability to view full webpages is just EPIC!-the screen is nice and vibrant,the best out there! and very responsive

Okay, to me a cell phone is a tool, a tool that must work, at least most of the time. My old Blackberry went three years without a hitch.  Same with the one before that. I thought I would try the Epic 4g with Sprint. Nothing but troubles. First, not only does it not come with synchronization software, the only such software that is available costs $40.00 and will never work if you even think about using any of Google's stuff.  Sure, you can synch with Google Calendar.  Have you actually tried that?  It's a toy, not a tool. It is at best 40% reliable, especially with Macs.  Second, poor coverage. My Blackberry with the same plan got way better coverage. Third, three months into using it, it just stopped charging.  It would say it was charging.  It would even say it was all the way charged sometimes.  But, then it would almost immediately die. Took it in, and they said it was the battery. The new battery worked for an afternoon. Said it was fully charged, and then started doing the same thing. Then there's all those wonderful "updates," ala Microsoft.  The updates usually just screw things up, just like Microsoft. I paid $400 for this?  I will go back to Blackberry, even if they don't have all those bells and whistles. If Sprint would get its act together and provide an I-phone, I would use that.  At least Blackberries actually function. If you want a fun toy, for lots of money, that works for a short time, buy an Epic, or any other Android.  If you want something you can count on, buy something else.

***DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE*** This phone has cured me of EVER wanting another Samsung phone and nearly killed my budding Android obsession. Horrible battery life...worst ever...you cannot leave the house without a charger...battery dies at idle overnight if not plugged in. Abhorrent call quality...its really bad. 2 people with this phone talking to one another cannot have an actual conversation. Cannot under any circumstances get my facebook notifications or emails in a remotely timely fashion. Really, you WILL NOT get your emails til sometime MUCH later, like when you get home and check your computer. Same with facebook. You have to touch next to the letter you want on the touchscreen because the buttons don't act right. It's stupid! Takes multiple presses on the screen to activate icons. Camera locks up and freezes the whole phone making you pull the battery. Won't do anything right when the battery life reaches around 30%. Unbreakable screen BROKE the first time it fell off a chair onto my floor. You cannot see the screen outdoors!!! it takes forever for the camera to come up so you will never catch a pic you need to be quick for. Doesn't interface with 64bit windows...at all...even bluetooth!!! And speaking of bluetooth IT DOESN'T WORK worth a darn. My OLD BB handles bluetooth 10 times better but it kills the battery on the Epic just that much quicker so I CAN'T USE IT unless the phone is plugged in.If you thought all that was bad enough here is the piece de resistance...90% of you reading this review won't have the 4G service this phone is capable of...but you will still pay an extra $10 a month for the privilege. Thats right...that's right Sprint is getting you on for $10 and you get nothing for it.I repeat***DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE***unless all you want to do is play Angry Birds on the Gorgeous screen all day. But you better have a charger handy.

Unfortunately, bad support and well documented GPS bug hold this phone back.Froyo or Android 2.2 has been long delayed for this phone with the timetable being constantly pushed back until it seems that Gingerbread will be out by the time Froyo appears for the Epic. Samsung software support is extremely slow or nonexistent especially compared the the like of HTC or Motorola.To cap it off there is an extremely widespread GPS bug present on ALL Galaxy S type phones (Epic is in that family) where the gps cache is buggy and the phone can't achieve or is extremely slow to lock on to GPS satellites. You'll still be able to get a general idea of where you are (30 meters or so) through the cell signal, but forget about navigation and accurate readings. The only way to get around this is through convoluted system settings which should not be touched and only help with the problem, not solve it. The new Froyo coming out so far does not seem to address this issue.Search around and you'll find a ton of people complaining about this with Samsung refusing to even admit there is a problem.Other than that, the phone runs great, which is a shame..... The screen is gorgeous, the response is snappy. Its too bad that such a great product is held back by poor support.

Just wanted to share where my point of view comes from before I start:- This is my first Android phone- I used a Palm Pre for the past year and a half (love it, really hard to give up)- I used an EVO for about 3-6 hours, side by side with the Epic. Plus:- I read about 50 different professional reviews online about both the Epic and the EVO to decide which one to buyQuick Review (if you want all the details read more below)Cons:- Battery Life- Too many hidden Apps open by themselves all the time (Android inherent and not just this phone)- VGA front camera (lower resolution than phone screen...)- No SMS/IM integrated area/application (you have to open 2 different apps at least)- Back camera lens comes all the way out, so I am constantly putting my fingers all over it.- Youtube videos come out in low quality, small rectangle (lots of wasted space, the EVO uses HQ videos that expand the entire screen)Pros:- Super Amoled screen. It is truly gorgeous.- Android Market Place (90,000+ applications and counting)- Fast (I use the phone for web browsing quite a bit, this one loads pages faster than even the EVO)- Design: plastic matte back keeps it finger print free, front glass piece, flushed black design looks really good.- Main camera quality. Wow. For pictures with good light, you can truly leave your point and shoot camera at home. Picture quality is really, really good.- Graphic processor can be 40% faster than EVO. I won't be playing games much on it at all, but I figured some people will be interested in that.- Includes decent headset and a 16GB micro sd card.What I didn't care for:- Physical keyboard (I chose this phone despite it. The keyboard is fine, I just find myself using the touchscreen keyboard 95% of the time) I would have loved to have a skinnier phone, or a beefier battery over the physical keyboard. However, I must confess that when I am going to type a long email, I slide out the physical one, I can type a lot faster on it, and it's overall more comfortable.- Android buttons are backlit (Home, Menu, Back and Search) so they will be using up battery all the time they are on. By default they hide after a few seconds. For someone unfamiliar with Android it was really annoying to have to guess which button to press (you cannot see them at all) to get to the option you were looking for. You need to go to the settings and make this last as long as the screen is on - at least at first. The nice part about it, is the phone looks clean and totally black when watching a video, playing a game, reading a book, etc.Why I chose over EVO:- Faster web page loads (tried both side to side with the same wifi connection and read reviews online)- ScreenWhat the EVO has that I like better:- HTC has proven that it will update to new versions of Android in a timely fashion. Samsung on the other hand...- HD youtube that uses all the screen real estate- Build quality - feels heavier and more durable (it's a close call, but it feels more expensive than the Epic)In-depth review:My main complaints with a small review of each portion.1. Battery lifeBy comparison my Palm Pre lasted me more, about 24 hours with normal use - granted about 18-22 of those hours where standby - however with data sync enabled, so chat, emails were synching every hour or so, and google chat was constantly on.What I did to get better battery performance:* download Advanced Task Manager (allows you to see all the open apps draining your battery, you'll be surprised how many apps android likes to open - more on that later. Use this program to constantly kill the 10+ programs that creep up on the background) NOTE UPDATED: After using the phone more, I while I believe this helps, it doesn't help very much, you might gain a few minutes a day, the big saver for me is the next one:* download Juice Defender (the free version) (allows your phone to turn off features when the screen is off. Like 3g, you can customize to connect and synch at specific intervals, like once every 2 hours or so) when the screen is off - simple but genius.* Screen brightness all the way down (it is still plenty bright, I left it just 1 level above, to enjoy that screen more) I also want to point out that* No live backgrounds or widgets that constantly connect online on your home screen (facebook, etc)* if you have a weak 4g signal, turn it off (downtown I can use 4g, but the radius of the antenna coverage is about a mile at most). Note - what drains the battery is not 4G itself, is the phone connecting/disconnecting constantly between 3G and 4G to retrieve data. IF you have strong 4g coverage you'll be fine.Optional things to increase it further:* Turn off background sync (this has a decent impact, but even accessing the marketplace somehow requires background data to be active, so a lot of application won't work. If you don't charge your phone overnight, turn this off then.Having these things on will let the device last you the entire day with normal-light use. You can choose to only turn these apps when you need them. I know most people charge their phones over night, but I am usually out and about in the later afternoon/night so I have gotten used to charge the phone at work, since I am always at my desk. My goal is for the phone to last me from 5pm to about 1pm the next day (when I'll start to charge it)Basically without the changes above, the phone drains about 5% of it's battery per hour when in "idle". With all those changes it goes down to about 1% or less. The phone is truly in idle then. (Updated10/03/10: simple having Juice Defender and setting it to disable data access when the phone is idle does the trick)Much has been said about how the Super Amoled screen save battery because the black pixels are off. This is one of the reasons the black levels are so deep - there is no light (unlike the EVO screen for example).However, this is not presently the case. I am not sure of the reasons - it's possible that the actual lit pixels (any other color) use so much power as to offset the gains from the black pixels. Either way, after using the screen for maybe 30 minutes (for a game) my battery indicator (checks all the power on the phone and how it's being used)Claims that the 30 minutes I used it, used about 15% of the battery life.To give you a clear picture - I just started testing to see how long it would last with all the optimizations and light use (which I do several times a week)- The screen has been on for probably 30 minutes, maybe 45 minutes.- I had a 25 minute phone call, and made a couple of short calls (less than 2 minutes)- I have sent and received a total of about 10 texts- Browsed the web for about 30 minutes (using 3g)- Browsed the web for 10-15 minutes (using 4G)- Watched about 5 minutes of Sprint TV (over 4G)- Streamed Pandora for about 45 minutes or so. (using 3g)- About 15 minutes of email checking, responded to 1 email.- About 40 minutes of listening to MP3s from the external speaker and headset (about 20 mins each)- Some minor things (like alarm clock settings, used the alarm this morning, synching emails manually a couple of times, turning on/off 4G, using Advanced task manager to shut off applications that start running in the background, etc)The rest of the time, say around 20 hours, it's been in idle.Currently the phone has been off the charger for just over 25 hours. And the battery use says:Remaining charge: 27%Standby: 49%Display: 19%Voice calls: 14%Phone idle: 13%Media server: 4%Android system: 2%The good news is that you can make it last about 30 hours with light use. But you do give up a lot of the functionality that makes the phone special. (syncing constantly).If you are playing games, and listening to music, it will last about 4 hours. The one day I played a game for like an hour, the "display" indicator said the screen had used 55% of the battery (out of 6 hours unplugged). With medium use and no optimizations (other than lower screen brightness) I had to charge twice a day, it really wouldn't last much. At work without using the phone it lost about 50% of the battery life for example. (not even 1 text, that was simply the phone synching things and connecting/reconnecting to 4g/3g by itself. Note - I am beside a window and have strong 3g signal.Another advice - given how much battery life the screen uses, I'd recommend changing whatever applications you can to use a dark theme (and by dark I mean black). Basically black background with light text. Same with your background image.2. Not Epic specific but Android as a whole - apps sucking memory all the time, no way to close them other than by downloading a custom application. I'm not sure what the point of it is, or why they are doing it, but that's the route Google decided to go with Android.3. VGA front camera (spending just a couple of dollars more would have allowed it to have a 1.3MP camera so that it works better with all the apps coming up - skype. It is lower resultion than the screen of this phone, making video chat look bad... Not sure why they didn't spend the extra money on the better front facing camera (the EVO has a 1.3 one for example)4. Currently no app in Android to combine chat/sms/im in a single location. I couldn't even find anything in the 90k + apps in the Android market. Basically, the Palm Pre (and Blackberry as well) you open up a Contact to chat, and you have all the text messages and instant messages from google talk, facebook chat, etc. So you can follow the whole conversation you've had with someone. In Android (and the custom layer added by the many manufactureres, in this case touchwiz is lacking such a feature. You may not think it's a big deal, but it's what I miss the most about my Pre - thought it's close between that and the ability to close applications and true multitasking - webOS (palm pre's) card system is light years ahead of what anyone iPhone, Android, Blackberry, Symbian)5. Cannot change "most used" icons on the bottom of the phone. This one falls on Samsung and their touchwiz user interface. I like the fact that they let you keep 4 icons on every one of the 7 home screens, so no matter where you are you have quick access to the Phone, Contacts, Text Messages App, and the all application icon. While convenient, those happen to NOT be my most used apps. In fact, only 1 of those 3 are. And Sprint/Samsung decided to not let you choose which are your "most used" applications. Here is to hoping they realize how backwards that is, and actually release a patch that lets you choose those applications. (Like say: email, web browser...)UPDATE 10/03/10 (more on battery life)I have slowly started enabling more services (turned background synch on, not running "advanced task killer" as much) but have kept the Juice Defender on. I must say, that the phone does quite well in general just with the Juice Defender. I have been getting about 50 hours with very light use, and have had no problem with my regular use to charge around noon each day. In fact, it usually has about 35-40% charge left then. The big trick is juice defender - basically the phone is incredibly efficient when in idle - a lot more so than any other Android phone. Samsung is doing something quite well with it's processor during that time. Today before charging it up, that phone had been unplugged for 54 hours, and still had 12% of battery left. Again, this is light use. When using it constantly, (say watching a couple of movies for example) the battery will be gone completely. Basically Juice Defender is awesome, the free version is plenty, but I am going to purchase the pro version of the app just as a thank you for the developer. It really has made the phone usable for a couple of days with light use, something I thought impossible when I first purchased it.UPDATE 10/14/10 (battery...)After the latest firmware update, battery drainage while idle became really poor again, maybe worse than ever. The main culprit according to the indicators is "cellphone standby", I have tried all the normal tricks without luck, it's draining about 4% per hour while on idle (3g is disabled, screen is off, nothing can sync during this time) I have tried multiple things, but ended up finding a running DRM service introduced with samsung media hub recently, shutting this off improved this after a phone reset. Note - Media hub enables this service in the background and it connects every 11 seconds to a server, so it keeps your phone processor from sleeping as well as keeping your data connection turning on. I must say that despite disabling this, the phone is still not as efficient as I had it before, but at least good enough again. Again, it's another reason to consider going HTC (EVO) over Samsung (Epic) - HTC is working harder on Android software updates, and don't have a DRM service running in the background killing your battery life.Now for the positive things:1. SpeedThe device is simply fast. With 4g on (or using wifi), it feels like I'm on a PC browsing the web. Pages load within a couple of seconds. It feels about 3-4 times faster than the Palm Pre. It consistently took about 1 or 2 less seconds than the EVO on my tests. This cannot be understated for me, since this is one of the 2 big reasons I chose it over the EVO. I use it for most of my web needs. Opening apps is quick, etc.2. 4G - it's faster than the wifi (2mbs) I use at home, so it feels very fast. Obviously it's just starting so I don't get the super high speeds, but it's about 2-3 times faster than 3G in my area. Unfortunately as I said, it's only available downtown in my area. But still, they say by year end it'll be covering most of the area. We'll see. I feel like I am a bit more ready for the future with 4G, if speeds increase I'll have the benefit already.UPDATE 10/11/10: You can actually see tiny little pixels on the screen if you look hard enough. I don't mind them, but some people do. For comparison purposes, you cannot easily distinguish pixels on the EVO, the iPhone 4, and most other high resolutions phones. This is strictly an issue with the Super Amoled screens.3. Screen. You can read it anywhere, see it anywhere. Even diehard EVO fans cannot claim thire screen is better. It's basically a fact that this screen is the best on the market. iPhone 4 has a higher resolution, but color saturation and black levels are just stunning. Watch a movie on this phone vs anything else and there is just no comparison. Not saying EVO and iPhone screens are bad, it's just that this one is superb.4. Applications. (Android in general) I couldn't get an app for my bank on the Palm Pre, it's in Android. Then you have the barcode scanner to check prices, google goggles to see information on landmarks by taking a picture (claims 80% accuracy) and more. The integration with Google Voice is simply awesome. You can just select it to use it on international calls, so you just dial directly to your friends/family abroad and pay GoogleVoice rates (really cheap) while using your regular phone app. It's very seamless.Conclusion:You really can't go wrong with the new phones out there. Android OS has matured enough, and these phones are premium products. The Epic's screen and speed makes it stand out from the crowd enough to give it a slight nod above everything else out there. Android though, lacks the unity/polishness of webOS (Palm Pre) or iOS (iPhone) but makes up for it with the effort Google is putting to optimize the speed, the integration with google service, and freedoms for developers to create applications with few restrictions. This phone leverages all of it very well. It also provides a physical keyboard for those who want it (it is very big and easy to type on). I wouldn't recommend this phone for "work use" because if you constantly need to be synching and retrieving emails/calendar updates while you are in meetings (and any areas with low signal strength) it will blow through your battery life and you will be an unhappy customer. But for personal use, it's among the best cellphones, if not the best, out there.

Samsung Epic 4g, not only does it offer a great deal of many fantastic features, but just like any device, it has its flaws. After not being able to get my hands on a HTC Evo 4g mobile device, I gave up trying to get one and decided to go with a Samsung Epic 4g. I have to say that I am quite happy with my decision, although there are some things the phone and the software in the phone can be improved on. The Samsung Epic 4g is a good device and I would totally recommend it.I have had the Samsung epic for a year, since the first day it came out to be exact. I was told that the Epic was going to be one of the best phones in the market offering, "A rich 4.0 inch super AMOLED display, a full qwerty keyboard, fast 3G/4G speeds, 1 GHz processor, 1 GB ROM, and 512 MB of RAM." This convinced me to buy the phone. Indeed I did have one of the best phones out there, going from a Palm Pre, which I had to get a new one 5 times due to software problems, being defective, screens cracking, and it just breaking, the Epic was a big step forward. As time went on after having the Samsung Epic for a while things were not going so well.After about half a year, my phone started to lag, battery life was not lasting me as long as it used to and speeds were not as fast anymore. I did some research, looking up anything that could help, but could not really find any sites or forums to help me with the lag. I do understand that Sprint itself has pretty slow speeds, but when it comes to WI-FI, it is pretty quick. It seemed that even in WIFI it was lagging. I have to agree with other reviews that battery life is not that great, but in my case that was not the problem before. With the help of friends and research I have found ways to keep my battery life last me a little longer by using task killers, turning off GPS and 4G (which is not available everywhere), and turning off your data. I came to the conclusion that maybe after dropping my phone countless times would have caused it to run slower than usual as I might have knocked something out of place. I have to say that after dropping my phone many times, it only has scratches and one a little crack that is barely noticeable. I can honestly say this is a good quality phone that also feels good in the hands.The Samsung Epic 4g is a good phone, but it has its flaws which might turn some people off. But despite the fact that it tends to lag, the Samsung Epic 4g was a great device for me and as well for others. I am sad to say that I am letting this phone go as I am hopefully upgrading my phone this month to the Samsung Epic 4g Touch, A Samsung galaxy S2 device. I can say that the Epic has satisfied my needs in the way I use my phone, for texting, e-mail and internet browsing. If that is all you need then the Epic would be a good buy for you, despite sprints slow speeds, if there is a Wi-Fi network around, the Epic will not disappoint.

My wife picked up an HTC Evo, and I loved everything about it... except for the fact that there was no physical keyboard.  So I was very excited when I saw Sprint carrying the Samsung Epic 4G.  It has nearly all of the features of the HTC Evo (yeah, yeah, some minor exceptions), but with the physical keyboard.  Since this was replacing a BlackBerry for me, the presence of a physical QWERTY keyboard was a must.  Long story short, I'm glad I got this phone.  I have had no problems with GPS or the screen display (especially when compared with my BlackBerry Curve which blocked the GPS and had a much less impressive display!).  YES, the battery life stinks, but it's about the same as with the HTC Evo.  I guess they should be putting in more powerful batteries into these phones.I should also mention that this is the first Samsung Galaxy S phone to be live with Froyo (Android 2.2)... That just goes to show you that Sprint wants to stay ahead of the curve on software updates.  I haven't immediately noticed any speed improvements as a result of Froyo (It's hard to improve on the speed to begin with!), nor have I seen any marked improvement in battery life.  But I know that my IT department will be happy that I'm on Froyo because they wouldn't consider supporting a phone that's not on that version.Will there be better phones on the market in the months to come?  Absolutely.  But for now and for the life of the 2 year contract, this will be the phone to beat.  ...especially if a physical keyboard is as important to you as it is to me.

Had phone for 2 years, paid the "total equipment protection" - the phone stopped working.  Since there was a mark on the back of the case (the mark happened a year ago and had no effect on the phone) - this evidently voided the protection.Spent over an hour on the phone and talked to 3 supervisors to find out that I needed to contact a different company and pay a lot of money to get a replacement.I would have been money ahead to just not get the protection and to pay to replace it myself.Sadly I asked about this when I bought the phone - and the manager of the main sprint store told me "if anything happened they would just take care of it".  That was one of the main reasons I switched to sprint - since the kids were at college back east I really wanted no hassle if something went wrong.Big hassle - no value - don't get equipment protection from sprint.

looks great, the slide out keyboard is a great option, beats the heck out of using the touch screen.  My first smart phone & right now it's a lot smarter than me.  I have a lot to learn.  I'm glad we did not choose the Verizon Samsung Galaxy S option.  Going Google, across the board on the Epic, has been impressive; default search, maps, gmail, calendar; all good.  The set up and activation was no big deal.  Don't let it diswade you from buying on-line.  Much better deals to be had... and we did a lot of shopping.

I've had the phone about 3 weeks. Came from a Palm Treo (a very solid device), and I'm loving the Epic.Pros:Fast, hundreds of useful apps, stable device. Screen is amazing. Battery life was very poor the first few days(wouldn't last the whole work day on a charge) but has improved so it has about a half-charge left at the end of the day (and this is with push e-mail, and other programs running). Love Kindle for Android, Pandora, podcasts, pre-loaded Swype.Cons:The power button is in an odd place, and the slider is very responsive, so I often find myself pushing it slightly open when trying to power off the screen. Found out belatedly that Android 2.1 doesn't support Exchange 2010 server for calendar sync (email and contacts did just fine), but am using NitroDesk Touchdown app for work email/calendar/contacts/tasks, and actually like it better than native app. Hoping Samsung lives up to its promises and releases the 2.2 upgrade before the end of November.Bought the Epic because of the hard keyboard but like many others, now prefer Swype. Considered switching to T-Mobile and getting the Vibrant, without hard keyboard, but like my Sprint service and plan (current SERO users: note there is a new premium SERO plan that is compatible with this phone if you're willing to go through twelve customer service calls to get it). My colleague got a Droid Pro at the same time, and it pales in comparison to this device. Epic is expensive but worth it.

I purchased this phone from Sprint. Had numerous problems with it. Was told that it was programming problems and same could be fixed by bringing it back it andhaving the programming redone/updated. I had that done at least three times to the original phone. After that when problems continued, the first phone wasreplaced with the same phone (only this second  phone was supposedly reconditioned). Having the same problems with the second phone and have had it reprogrammedat least once so far. Problems have included the following-not being able to end a phone call by pushing the end/red button-the phone then comes back on to thatcall on its own; my face when speaking with someone on the phone causing other buttons to also turn on-was told the face plate of the phone was faulty and it wasreplaced; the phone lighting up various buttons on its own while speaking to someone causing strange actions on phone-blamed on programming problems; the soundbeing incredibly bad when listening to voice messages-reprogrammed again; poor text messaging ability with physical keyboard attached to phone-programming blamed;other problems I am just to tired to list. I was told Samsung made great TVs so I should buy one of their phones. I make no comments on their TVs because I do notown one but do not buy any of their phones. They are pieces of unreliable, attention loving crap.

I have owned this phone for about 2 months and I love it! I really enjoy the keyboard and the big screen. It also takes a lot to scratch this phone but make sure you put on a protective cover on right away. It may feel a bit too big at first but you will get used to it. If you are looking for a simple phone I wouldn't recommend it. It's it bit more complex then a regular flip phone. The battery doesn't last very long though, so make sure you have your charger.

I purchased this phone thinking that it would be on the cutting edge of smartphones but to my surprise Samsung has just abandoned the phone leaving it outdated and lagging behind the HTC Evo which is older.  Samsung has left this phone in its rearview mirror and moved on to concentrate on its new line of Galaxy phones so I suggest you do the same to any new Samsung phones including this one.

I've pre-ordered this phone & got it from Sprint on its premier day. I wanted it because it combines superior multimedia/social capabilities with a generous 5-rows physical QWERTY keyboard [along with SWYPE for Android right out the box, it provides the ultimate input selection]. It has everything I wanted:  4.0" Super 'Stunning' AMOLED touch screen [amazingly bright even in direct sunlight. You need to facilitate the Power Control Widget which allows 3 levels of Brightness]; 1.3 MP Front-Facing camera for video chat; 5.0 MP Rear-Facing camera that captures 720p HD video & has an LED Flash [functions as an LED flash light when needed!]; Android OS 2.1 out the box and is due to upgrade to Android 2.2 (aka, Froyo which will bring Flash support along with other cool features*); 1 GHz Hummingbird processor delivers a zippy, snappy, buttered experience!! Navigation is a breeze with 7 customizable home screens. Samsung's own totally revised TouchWiz 3.0 UI is bliss to navigate. What else? Hm, 16 GB of Memory with SD card expandability up to 32 GB; 512 MP of RAM/ROM; Free Turn-by turn GPS navigation; 3G/4G (where available)/Wi-Fi & Bluetooth connectivity options; Serves as a hotspot (optional) for up to 5 devices [that comes with a monthly fee] Status bar notifications and TRUE multitasking capabilities. The Android App Store gives you unlimited, unrestricted access to over 100,000 apps and rapidly growing. 3D games and movies are just so much fun to have in your pocket wherever you go. Now, I've had my Epic for a bit over 2 months and I just love more & more per second! Ah, and with apps like 'Documents to Go' and Samsung own Media Hub [which lets you rent or buy movies or TV shows**], you can be productive, stay connected, and have fun all at the same time.However,there are very few 'shortcomings'. It does NOT come with an HDMI [Well, if you don't an HD TV then you don't need it!], 4G is not available nationwide but Sprint still charges a Mandatory $10 extra a month. With its big screen and speedy processor you want to keep in mind the battery is going to drain relatively faster than you 'dump' or semi-smart phone! In my personal experience, I had to charge it once daily. And lastly are two wishes: I wish it would've had a kick stand but that's no big of a bug, honestly. Although very well spaced out and tactile, I wish the keyboard buttons would've been just a hair more raised up above the surface.My verdict: It is by far the best feature-packed Smart Phone available on the market to date. With its slick design, solid build, snappy performance, and rich features, I'd say with confidence: it is the Best Android 'Brilliant' phone, to say the least.There's a whole lot to say about this 'brilliant' phone but that could end up lengthy and boring! So my advice to you is to go check it out for yourself. Take advantage of Sprint's One Month Satisfaction Guarantee and I'm sure you'll LOVE IT like I do :-)Tip: Amazon offers the best price and saves you the hassle and the inconvenience of Mail-In rebates. BestBuy, however, offers their own Reward Program that I think is worth checking; they'd also assist you with transferring all of your contacts both for FREE. The Choice is yours.* Flash support enables users to play web video content.** The content is relatively pricy, and as of yet, it only works over Wi-Fi. Previews aren't always available. But it's nice to have the option.Update:__________Now that I've had this brilliant phone for about 8 months & after having received my long-awaited Android 2.2, aka, Froyo, I feel I have to put up a few more words to keep my review up to date.Samsung has created one of Android's smartest phones to date. I dare to say that their Galaxy S line is truly a 'category by itself!'I have to admit though I was a little upset as to how long it took before I got my Froyo update & also because the issues that followed the update. But now that the new OS is finally stable & bug-free, I can safely say it's totally worth the wait. Besides, I learned to backup everything on my phone, the hard way :-( I've settled down to the fact that almost all OS updates have the potential to be troublesome. Yet again, the end result is worth a little hassle. I have well over 100 apps on my phone & it pretty much handles anything I throw at it. High-end games like Gameloft's Hawx, Modern Combat 2, BIA2, Sandstorm, & Asphalt 6, or other Android games such as AirAttack HD, Tank Recon 3D, Fruit Ninja, & Crazy Snowboard play like fluid & bring forth the power of this phone.Is there anything I'd change about this phone? After having used Swype that comes pre-installed, I personally don't see a need to use a physical keyboard. Second, I definitely want to see some dual core action. I mean, if this is what a single core can do, I can only dream of the power of a dual core!! I also would love to see a Netflix app pre-installed. Well, these are the main things I want to see in the coming Samsung handsets. Oh, Gingerbread out of the box, por favor!!! So far, Samsung seems to be heading in the right direction. I can't wait to lay my hands on Samsung's Galaxy S II :-)Go Galaxy S :-)

I had been holding out getting an Evo because I knew this phone was coming soon and it was hyped pretty intensely.  I'm not going to go over the tecs and specs, but mostly just bring up a few issues that made me return this phone after 2 days and purchase an HTC Evo instead...which I am extremely glad I did.The first thing I noticed when I received the Epic was its Incredible screen!  Beautiful, bright and vibrant colors.  The super AMOLED screen certainly was not one of the letdowns on this device.  Immediately after I started using this phone and carrying it around it started to remind me of my Palm Pre. It felt a bit cheap and "plasticky" in the hand, and the sliding screen would have the same oreo cookie effect as the Palm Pre did (the top part of the slider phone could slightly twist back and forth).  I could also feel that the top part of the phone had some give and would push down against the kekyboard as I would type or scroll on the device screen.  The power button being on the side would cause the phone to slide open a bit every time I would turn it on with one hand.  Although the charging port has a great cover that conveniently slid open and closed, the port was located on the TOP of the device.  When using these phones that require a ton of battery, you will be using it while charging at some point.  When doing so, the cord would come out from the top of the phone and rest against my head, or fall back awkwardly behind the phone.Although the screen was bright and vibrant, it was easy to notice the pixels on the screen and once I saw them, it was hard to ignore.  Even though the HTC Evo has less colors and not as saturated, the images are much smoother and almost as brilliant as the Epic.  This made the screens basically a tie as to which one was the nicest.I also was not overly impressed with the "iphone" style app layout and the inability to change out the 4 apps at the bottom of the screen.  Maybe the 2.2 update to Froyo will change this.Overall I really found myself using swype on the Epic and never opened up the slide out keypad.  Once I found out I could get Swype on the HTC Evo, I was convinced that without a need for a physical keyboard and not overly impressed with the (Epic) screens pixelation, the Evo was the better choice for me.I would say that if you absolutely must have a physical keyboard (even after using Swype) than the Epic will be a great phone for you.  Aside from the keyboard, the Evo (in my opinion) beats it in every way.

I like quite a bit about this phone, however, in the end I returned it to get a refund and reverted back to my old phone.  The phone was fast and responsive, the screen was great, and I need a phone with a keyboard.  The Sprint everything plans are a good value.  However, there were several drawbacks that made me not want to keep this phone for the next two years:1. GPS.  It was not as accurate as my prior phone.  It took a very long time to get the location and many times  even outdoors it just didn't work including in areas without tall buildings.  When it did, it was accurate within 2-3 blocks which made it useless for pedestrian navigation, something I do often when I travel.  When driving, if not extremely careful, you can turn down a one way street the wrong way when its off a block.  I know  Samsung claims to have improved it over other Epics but it's hard to switch to something less accurate than my prior phone.2. Battery life. With heavy internet use, lots of email, I'd get 4-5 hours of battery life.  My prior phone could go the whole day without charging. It's hard to charge when away from the office the whole day and that's when I need to be connected.  I know, I can turn off many of the features to extend battery life and I tried, but it barely mattered because I need the features that consume battery.3. The screen is great, but it is hard to read outdoors.I do miss it. My two year old phone is a bit slow at times in displaying the screen and reacting to touches. However, I can navigate with it, use it for the whole day and read the screen on a sunny day.

At first I was superbly impressed. I immediately took it to NYC and everything worked great....4G was awesome, surfed easily, and it did pretty much everything I thought it would. Now, after having it for 9 months it has become very buggy, and I think it started with the update to android froyo about 3 months ago. I used to get great life out of the battery, but now it runs down in 12 hours without even using it unless I turn off all background data. The battery runs down faster without having anything on...so I have wifi or bluetooth on and it actually saves the battery....I am telling the whole truth. I used to get 2 days use out of it...no kidding. So I get a full day still with background data off.There are so many things these phones can do now that I basically compare it to a netbook or computer...it does it all really, and more. I have an ipad2 that sucks compared to my phone....really now.Since the update to 2.2 this constantly shuts down, and just locks up like my old computers used to....really really annoying. After the update I was supposed to be able to use hands free bluetooth except the voice recognition truly sucks....its unusable really, at least on my phone. I have a few hundred contacts in my phone, so not sure if that is causing the confusion.For the most part it does its job, but every now and then it locks up at the wrong time and that is ultimately annoying. Paying 100 bucks a month for a phone, this thing should sizzle in all aspects. Its good, but could be much better.Emails are great, and surfing is great if close to tower...even in 3G. Also the 4G is not at my home....but I have to travel to use it. I have found 4G soso...not as great as I expect as you have to apparently be in direct line with a tower.It is very versatile all in all, but there is plenty of room for improvement. I think it was the cream of the crop for a while, now not so much and I think someone dropped the ball on the updates....maybe a new strategy to sell phones? I would give it a 65 or 70 out of 100....when I first got it I would have given it a 90 and given it 4 1/2 stars.UPDATE 11/26/11...Gingerbread FixesThe 2.3 update saved this phone. I now have double battery time at least....maybe 3x. No more random shutdowns, everything works. I now can re-recommend this!

I have had this phone for 2-3 months now.  and there are a lot of things i like about it, the screen is absolutely beautiful, crisp color and bright.  the keypad keys are a little far apart but that is no big deal, its very useful and easy to use.  it is a fast phone and i only need to restart every so often (i have had phones i needed to restart at least once a day or more).  Call quality is good, GPS is a little off but its close enough to not bother me, and the battery life is tons better then i thought.  i can comfortably stream Pandora for 6 hours and still have battery life, not much but enough.my problem with this phone and why i would NOT recommend it to others is Samsung's ability to update their product.  There is a major update currently for this phone and it has been reported that it will not happen for several reasons.  Mostly $$$$, Samsung wanting $$$$ and carriers not willing to pay.All other major carriers of Android devices that have the ability to update have done so.I will avoid Samsung products from here on out.

A 1500mAmp battery for a phone like this is ridiculous. If I was Samsung's boss, I would strangle the designer who came up with that spec....Battery barely lasts abt 90 mins of browsing and you can clearly see the batter level falling continuously even though you are not using the phone... Will probably never buy a samsung phone again.

GPS Issues, responsiveness of the phone (lag) becomes an issue as the file system gets fragmented.  Stuck in Android 2.1 since Summer of 2010, was still 2.1 by the time 2.3 came out (Date Feb 20 2011?). No word from Samsung or Spring. Not going to be buying another Samsung phone it seems.

This is a VERY substantially revised review compared to what was previously posted on Amazon.  That review was done before I had any substantive experience with the phone, and I initially gave the phone four or five stars.  After living with it for more than a month, I could see all kinds of issues, most of which have nothing to do with the hardware, but a lot to do with the software, and the way in which the operating system and software implementation still needs major work.  What started out as a five star review when I first had the phone has now transitioned into a one star panning.  Sprint and Samsung have basically orphaned the phone after only nine months.  No device driver will work under Win 7.  Avoid this at all costs.All that glitters . . . .Pros:1) Great display and powerful hardware (AMOLED screen is fantastic, speedy CPU, great cameras, videocamcorder)2) Android OS with virtually unlimited application base (apps for everything!!!)3) Can be made to work with Itunes and Office, including Outlook (with workarounds)4) 4G (put this 4th because it isn't widely available - might be higher otherwise)5) Easily configured interface (excepting bottom task bar of home screen)6) Actual keyboard (for some users a big plus)7) Data plan has unlimited download (no data cap)8) 'Gorilla glass' screen is very hard to scratch (keys won't scratch it)9) Easy but extra cost WiFi Hotspot functionality ($30/month)9) Fairly easy and cheap ($10) tethering (phone acting as internet port/modem) - largely obviates need for HotSpot functionalityCons:1) Major issues in relationship to operating system (most PCs will not recognize this phone, as Samsung simply has not made a decent device driver yet - this fouls up all kinds of issues, particularly tethering, and writing to the Flash RAM. Operating system also has numerous other hiccups, glitches, and malfunctions (automatic loading of one program interferes with functioning of another).2) Not easy to sync with ITunes and Microsoft Outlook - not obvious at first glance, no built-in OS functionality for this.3) Battery life isn't great, particularly if you are using 4G or WiFi.4) Cost (as much as Iphone) - for its cost, should have included a 32 GB SD card.5) Touchscreen requires endless unlocking (standard android issue).6) Can't use 4G and WiFi at same time, a minor problem.7) Call waiting - anything but a smooth process.8) Very modest 4G coverage at present (major issue for some, but OK for now)9) GPS functionality is a joke. Might be the worst GPS of all time.10 Sprint service - improved from industry worst, but still a long, long ways to go.Although I still believe that this is an great phone from a basic hardware standpoint, I can no longer recommend it due to operating system issues, which is shockingly `buggy' and poorly sorted out.  A clear indication that this phone was rushed to market is the fact that there is no reliable device driver from Samsung that allows the phone to interface with a PC.  This makes any kind of tethering (using phone as internet connection for a single computer) almost impossible and a complete trick-or-treat process.  Absence of a device driver that actually works also means that one cannot transfer files between the phone and computer.  I have downloaded at least four different Samsung device drivers, none of which work consistently.There are many other signs that Samsung and Sprint weren't exactly sweating the details.  As just a small example, Skype does not work on this particular iteration of the Android operating system.  Nobody seems to have any idea whether this is a problem with android version 2.1 as it is instantiated on this phone, or whether there is some unique hardware incompatibility.  In any case, Skype simply does not work on this phone, and a number of other pieces of software from the android market also do not work reliably or consistently.  Along the same lines, the GPS implementation is dismal, and might be the most unreliable GPS I have ever seen.  Pray that you're not lost in a forest and relying on the GPS to get yourself out.As another demonstration of the same issues, the operating system unpredictably auto-loads dozens of programs, with no rhyme or reason (appears unrelated to prior use of the program, or frequency of use);  a phone that looks like it is just sitting there doing nothing oftentimes is auto-loading a half a dozen or more programs.  In one instance, I counted 15 programs auto loaded in 30 minutes, totally unrelated to current operations, or previous frequency of use.  Some of those unwanted programs collide with what you do want to do, and render a desired program functionally crippled.  For example, I'm frequently playing music, but the music player is endlessly interrupted by notifications from Gmail, by other programs, and eventually, I have to terminate the music program and reinitialize it, because it has stopped working due to all the crap in the background.  Sound familiar?  Sounds like the chaos of a Microsoft operating system doesn't it?  Unfortunately, this is all courtesy of Google, and the open source movement (translation - free-for-all in the best and worst senses of that word).  Why have the operating system spontaneously load a dozen applications, totally unbidden?  What is the point in that?  It's beyond comprehension frankly.  Particularly when one operation fouls up another.  As another example, there is a constant 'roaming' warning (if you have 'roam guard' turned on) that kills your camcorder in mid-stream.  What was someone thinking to engineer such an intrusive warning that you can't turn off???  Once you have elected no roaming, do you need 27 warnings that your data connection is gone.  What the f--- was someone thinking to have that warning crash the operation of the video camera??  It's really unbelievable.Ok, no question that the hardware is very impressive.  This has to be the most powerful smartphone anyone has ever built, from its incredible AMOLED display (at least as good as the highly-touted IPhone 4 retina display), Google android operating system (version 2.1, but 2.2 is available if you are technologically skilled enough to deal with 'rooting' your phone - don't mess that up or you have a $250 paperweight), user replaceable battery and memory (much better than iPhone at least in that regard), and remarkable feature set, including better-than-average Bluetooth functionality in terms of getting the phone to link up with the average car Bluetooth system, and decent sound quality for Bluetooth (which normally sounds like you have been beamed into a large tin can).  Another solid feature is that you can replace the 16 GB mini SD card with a 32 GB card, basically giving you as much space as on a 32 GB IPhone (although at a not-cheap $100 - why didn't they put in a larger card to start with?).  Its 4G capability, although not accessible in very many areas around the United States, is seriously faster than 3G - like being on your home network with a good cable modem.  However, right now most of the time you're going to be using the phone in 3G outside of a few cities.  It's not bad actually in 3G (and with much better battery life), but it's clearly much faster in 4G.  People complain about the $10 surcharge for 4G (which admittedly does seem unfair if you're not in an area that has 4G coverage yet), but the overall plan cost if you get unlimited data is only $79.  For another $30/month you can turn your phone into a wireless hotspot, which although under 3G is not very fast, can be a lifesaver if you're stranded someplace with no Internet access and no Wi-Fi available, but tethering is free -- too bad it doesn't work reliably (again, no viable device driver just kills this great feature).Another issue for me was that getting full functionality out of the hardware and software was not immediately transparent even with Sprint store personnel assistance.  For example, it was not immediately clear to me how I could replace my iPod (so that I only had to carry around one piece of technology).  Eventually, after some digging around on the Internet, I was able to get it to function virtually identical to an iPod, although I had to struggle to find the right software (Double Twist and iTunes agent) that would allow iTunes to download both playlists, songs as well as album graphics into the phone.  Along similar lines, it wasn't the easiest thing to figure out how to synchronize Outlook with the phone's calendar.  It's stunning to me that you can get a free piece of software that will read barcodes and then give you 27 Internet sites with different prices for that item, but you can't simply connect your phone with a USB cable and click on a free application that synchronizes your phone's calendar with your laptop's calendar (and photos and music too).  It seems ridiculous to spend $39 for a program to synchronize these things quickly through a USB cable.  I did find a workaround, where I have to first activate my GMail account, get a program that synchronizes my Outlook calendar to Gmail, and then elect to synchronize my phone calendar to my Gmail calendar.The size and weight of the phone are also minuses.  I think they would have been well served to have made it slightly smaller at the cost of some screen real estate, but again, it's all tradeoffs.  I also wish that they had made a version that was significantly thinner, one available without an actual slide-out keyboard for people who are comfortable with virtual keyboards.  This obviously is a trade-off because the keyboard is excellent, but for people who would rather type on a virtual keyboard (using, for example, the excellent program Swipe), it would be nice if Samsung would come out with a thinner version that has the same feature set minus the keyboard.  It would obviously be also significantly lighter as well.All in all, this is a very promising piece of hardware that needs a lot more work on the software and operating system sides.  My strong suspicion is that Sprint and Samsung rushed this to market, because of all the hype about 4G coverage, and because they knew that the hardware itself would sell a lot of phones, but they didn't do their homework to smooth out all the rough edges - what were the beta testers doing to miss all these issues???.  I would simply not recommend someone buying this phone at this time unless they are willing to put up with an awful lot of hassles, or unless they have absolutely no intention of doing much tethering (having the phone operate as a modem to supply an Internet connection to a PC), GPS (functionally dismal and the worst GPS I have ever used), or videoconferencing.  I also have to say that Sprint's customer service remains poor, and, when you put all this together, it spoils an excellent and highly capable piece of hardware.  Sprint has a lot more work to do.  It's frankly shocking that Samsung would release this phone without any version of a workable device driver, at least on the PC side (don't know if there is a workable Mac device driver but I doubt it, given what I've seen on the Samsung website - they just took the PC driver down - obviously because it DIDN'T WORK!!!).Vote with your feet as someone once said and, for now, I would simply vote no.

I bought my epic the day it came out as an upgrade to an existing sprint premier account. I had previously had a samsung moment, and several blackberry devices before that.short review- This phone is by far THE BEST phone i have ever used (and i've had a lot).long review-the combo of processor/memory make this phone almost as powerful as my girlfriends netbook. with a decent connection to the network, or a wifi connection available... it is faster on the internet than many computers (i recommend using Dolphinbrowser HD, a free app on the marketplace. much better than the stock browser).the superamoled screen is great. crisp vibrant colors. not quite as easy to see in the bright light as advertisements made it out to be, but definitely the best cell screen i've seen to date. combine the processor, memory, screen, and the 6-axis controller, and youve got a gaming machine. runs emulators flawlessly, and the new tilt control games are awesome. has multitouch features, similar to ipod/iphone, but through experience with both, i definitely think this screen is better than apples.all new phones (at least when purchased from sprint directly) come with a 16gb microsd card. 'nuff said there.battery life is actually pretty good. about the same as my samsung moment. i am constantly using my phone (5-8k texts a month, average of 2.5GB of data PER month since i got the phone, lots of gaming) and i get 8-10 hours normally. some days its a little less if i forget to kill the apps (use advanced taskiller, yet another free app. you'll be amazed at how it extends your bat life)the headset that comes with the phone is actually one of the best earbud style headphones i have ever used. block out everything but what you are listening to (and the phone has a 3.5mm jack to accept standard headphones as well).app marketplace has more apps (both free and paid) than anyone will know what to do with. something for everything and everyone. and with the new google app inventor (still in beta) coming out, anyone will be able to make their own apps easily and quickly.this phone actually ROAMS, and is included free in the plan required to activate this phone. it is one of the few new smartphones i have seen that will choose to roam over having no connection at all (like my moment, which would choose to stay at 0 bars but connected to sprint instead of roaming onto the available full bar verizon connection available at my house).the cameras- yes. i said cameraS. there is a front facing and back facing. i have yet to use front facing for video chat, but it takes pretty good pictures considering it is pinhole sized. the back facing camera, if i am not mistaken, is 5mp. great photos/video. sound quality on video isnt too shabby either.the OS- android with some extras. the phone will actually sync your accounts- gmail, facebook, twitter, myspace, etc all to your contacts/calender how ever often you choose. 7 homescreens instead of 3 as on some android devices. full access to app library. comes standard with sprint tv, nascar, and football. large screen on the phone allows for an extra row at bottom/side that has contacts/phone/messaging/apps buttons on it, so you can use your whole desktop for apps of your choosing. also has the ability to broadcast wifi signal and be used as a wifi hotspot, along with MANY other new features exclusive to this phone (like mediahub, the new sprint media center which allows users to rent/buy movies and tv shows over wifi/4g and download straight to their phone to watch).the keyboards- virtual is actually not too bad. the swipe input method is very cool. accurate probably 95% of the time too. the haptic feedback and large "buttons" make typing on virtual pad easy. the slide out 5 row qwerty keyboard has its flaws, but is also nice overall. occasionally buttons dont read as being pushed when typing fast. otherwise it also has nice large buttons, easy nagivation through the android screens, and other nifty shortcuts (like a ".com" button).i STRONGLY recommend getting a case and/or a screen protector. i purchased the black leather bodyglove case (with the chrome edging) and the screen protector 3-pack from sprint. for a phone this expensive, totally worth the cost, and i know that the little investment in case for my phone has saved it repeatedly from scratching and damage.all in all i love my epic. the lack of 4g speed in my area is a little bit of a bummer. whenever i take it out people ask about it, gawk at the size of the screen (no joke, happened 3x today alone). its a sleek, slim, powerful, versatile phone. by far the best phone available on sprint, and i would argue on any network. WELL WORTH the cost of an unlimited data plan (with premium data access, required, for an extra $10). this phone is expensive but worth every penny.

Rather than give a lengthy review, I'll simply compare the phone to the Evo (which my wife has) and the iPhone 3GS, which we both just dropped.Pros of Epic 4G Over iPhone 3GSGorgeous larger screen (I think it's better looking than the "retinal display" on the iPhone 4)Data connections are more consistant (streaming works well over 3G, something I never had in Louisville with AT&T;)Swype (an ingenious way of sliding from letter to letter to enter text) and keyboard provide superior data entry optionsSignal lock seems betterContacts more easily sync with Facebook and other cloud options4G speeds (where available)More customizable.Apps are often more quirky and not as restricted as Apple'sCamera is much better with more options.User accessible memory card.Can display video, pictures and music over DLNASprint plans are often cheaper for more features.Cons of Epic 4G Over iPhone 3GSBattery charging is SLOW when phone is turned on.Fewer apps available and many are less developed than the iPhone equivalent (Facebook and Evernote are two I find disappointing)Phone is heavier and less compactAndroid updates are up to carrier and manufacturer, so your phone may receive OS later than another android phone.Phone doesn't have automatic dictionary for non Swype entry.Pros of Epic 4G over Sprint's HTC EvoMore comfortable form factorDisplay is much sharper and more colorfulSwype is preinstalledSlideout keyboardSprint's Touchwiz Android Interface is more like iPhone than the Evo's SenseCamera has more fun features out of the box and takes better pictures (in my experience)Camera button on phone itself.Better graphic processor.Lighter phoneComes with headphonesTop loading USB port with sliding cover (note:  Some hate this, some love it.)Cons  Epic 4G compared to Sprint's HTC EvoFewer case optionsBattery life seems to be less (YMMV)Slower to chargeEvo seems more solid since it is one pieceEvo looks more impressive to outsidersSense UI from HTC has more widgets and options available and is less locked down than TouchwizRuns Android 2.1 and not 2.2.Overall, I love my Epic 4G.  It's a well built phone and I prefer it over the Evo.  If you're switching to Sprint, both are great phones to choose from.  You may want to wait until the 4G has the bugs worked out since it just came out last week.UPDATE 1/2/2012 -- Reduced from 4 stars to 1 star.My wife's Evo has given her no problems besides a lack of storage space (primarily due to clutter of apps she rarely uses).Me... not so lucky.  After months of waiting for Gingerbread 2.2 update (which my wife had forever on her Evo) I was greeted with some new surprises, not the least of which are horrible battery life and a GPS that now refuses to work, even on a clear day.  According to the Sprint support sites and many Android phone sites, I am not alone in these problems, nor does there appear to be a simple or permanent fix for most people.  I've always bought Samsung products because they appear to offer good value, but recent experiences including this one have made me realize Samsung is great at promoting the new, and terrible about supporting the old.  My wife's Evo and my old iPhone 3GS, whatever their faults, worked.  The Epic 4G is a great looking phone with horrible software support.  Not recommended.

I'm the owner of an iphone for work and my previous smart phone was a blackberry curve.  Wanted to new smartphone with a pyhsical keyboard, and all the cool bells and whistles of a touch phone.  This phone ROCKS!  It's everything I could have hoped for.  I read a lot of reviews saying that the android phones were hard to get used to; the transition was smooth as a baby's butt.  I don't even use my iphone anymore except for calls (which drop cause it's at&t;).Despite what all the bad reviews say I think the battery life is fine.  Not as good as the blackberry, but blows the iphone away.  Now if your gonna watch movies and play games all day, yes you want to be connected to hard power, but that's the same with any smartphone.  The "Swipe" thing is pretty cool, I use it about 50% of the time, and the physical keybord the rest of the time.  Sometiems I feel like I need the touch, sometimes the swipe thing is the way to go.I've had the phone a little over a month now and I still have a "Wow, that's way cool" moment every other day when I discover something new on the phone.I love the weight of it.  A tad heavier than  the iphone, but the iphone seems toy-like now when I go back to it.  Web browser is awesome, the way you can customize where your apps are on the phone is great.CONS- The numbers on the phuysical keyboard are too close to the screen when using the keyboard and unless you have small fingers, your going to have trouble getting your fingers on the numbers.I'm also not crazy about the on/off button being directly across from the volume button.  I hit them both at the same time when using 1 hand and it can be annoying.Last negative, I HATE the mini-usb connector.  It's too small and everytime I connect the phone to charge I feel like I'm going to break either the phone or the jack.Overall though the negatives are minor and I would recomend this phone to anyone.  It's worth the money.

I never really got used to the iPhone's virtual keyboard, and I've had my eye on this QWERTY beaut for a while.  Although I had to pay to get out of my AT&T; contract, I couldn't be happier.This phone has all the functionality and wow factor of my iPhone 3GS, plus a slide-out physical keyboard and without all the irritating restrictions that Apple places on its devices.  I've actually been able to do some serious typing in a text editing app, something I couldn't do on my iPhone when the virtual keyboard took up so much screen real estate.  It's been remarkably refreshing to find that when I connect the phone to the computer it simply presents itself as a standard file system - I don't need iTunes or any other proprietary system to load music, photos, or videos onto my phone.  Just copy and paste.  Speaking of videos, I've been able to play my HD mp4, avi, and mkv files on the phone with no problem whatsoever (although there is a size limit to the files).  No conversion was necessary, and the movies look gorgeous on the AMOLED screen.  Also, and perhaps most awesome of all, I've been able to install a free NES emulator.  I've spent way more time than I'd care to admit playing the original Super Mario Bros. on my new phone.  As far as the Sprint service goes, it certainly has not been inferior to AT&T;'s.In short, if advanced smartphone functionality and a physical keyboard are important to you, it's hard to see how you could do better right now than this phone.

I am glad I did the extra research before I bought.  I am very happy with this case.  It fits nicely and feels good in the hand.  If you are concerned about bulkiness this item may not be for you because it does add to the thickness of the phone.  Since I am a woman and will carry this in a purse more often than a pocket it isn't a problem.  It also fits well into the leather Reiko case that I purchased from another Marketplace vendor.  I also love the purple color - it means my teenage son won't mess with it very often!

This was a great phone when I got it but Samsung has been promising an update to the newest Android software with flash support and new features for about 6 months and hasn't delivered. Their competitors HTC and Motorola updated the competing phones in Summer 2010 but Samsung is still making excuses in Early 2011. Samsung claims this is their answer to the iPhone, but again the iPhone gets software updates to help older iPhones match some of the features of newer iPhones, but Samsung has no answer to that. They say they don't want to release an update until they have everything right, but if I said that to a teacher about my final report and was 6 months late I would fail the class. The competitors keep their phones up to date, Samsung makes excuses and hopes you will just but a brand new phone from them every 6 months. If a Samsung phone has to be replaced with a new model every 6 months to get the latest Android version while your competitors phones get regular updates, why woulndn't I buy the competitors phone next time? It is a nice phone with a good screen and decent battery life but if Samsung is too cheap to pay a few extra programmers to write updates then it is not worth our money.

bought this phone last yearworked great for he first 90 days then started to slow down lock up and every time i pluged it in it told me my batt was to cold/hot to charge when it wasnt had to remove batt. then when pluging it in to the charger the batt went from 14% to 70% took it to the store thy gave me a new phone and batt. now this phone is doing the same thing. i took it back to the store they tell me the batt doesnt hold a charge i need to buy a new batt it clearly does it will stay charged all day they refuse to give me a new phone unless i pay 100 bucks i cant wait to get rid of this P.O.S!!! do not buy!!!

Like many of you, I hesitated in paying the extra 50 dollars but like I read on another review, the earbuds, the physical keyboard, 16 gb samsung card and the AMOLED screen more than justify the 50 dollars extra of the EVO.Let me start off by saying that Im an avid phone collector sort of speak. My family and friends always criticize my for having different phones once a month. I have been on all carriers. ATT for one day, the worst. T Mobile is ok and great prices, Verizon great customer service, great service and too expensive. Sprint to me is the best. Great service, best value. Customer service can be a lil better.That being said I have used all OS's and all phone brands. LG,Samsung, Blackberry, Apple, Palm, HTC, etc. I've used the WinMobile devices (does winmo still exist?) Palm,Blackberry, Apple and Android.Android is the best hands down. I had the first Android phone in the G1 and liked it instantly. But the HTC G1 was like a brick and battery was the worst of any mobile device I have ever had.Ill stop going all over the place and get on with the Epic.The screen is the best or one of the best ever on a mobile device. Love the physical keyboard. Super blazing fast. It has 5 megapixels 3 less than the EVO but trust me, the quality of the pictures and the settings available are much better than the EVO.I've just had it for 8 hours and I'm super excited. I will update more after a week with it.

My husband and I have had our phones for about 3 months now and I can't find anything I like about it. Here is my short list of things that I hate:1. You download software updates and suddenly LOUD tranquil music starts playing continuously and there is no way to stop it. Unbelievable. It's like being trapped in an elevator forever! Seriously, it woke me up at 3am. The phone was on the charger (that's where it stays 99% of the time) and this lovely music was playing - no way to turn it off. So, the phone stays off now. Maybe it's a Sprint conspiracy so you'll pay the huge monthly bill but not use the air ways.2. Short, short, really short battery life. During an emergency, where was my phone? Dead! It only last 20 hours if I DON'T use it or have any of the cool apps running. So, I bought the extended life battery. Now it's huge and heavy. Lucky me, now it lasts about 36 hours if I DON'T actually use it for anything and turn almost all of the apps off.3. Too touchy! I can't stand how you have to swipe to answer a call. No more one handed operation like my "old" phone. You must have two hands for this phone at all times (of course I bought the blue-tooth ear piece). If I finally get to swipe and answer the phone, when I hold it up to my ear my face hits the "End Call" button. Unbelievable. Did they do any human testing for this thing? I must be an alien because half the time the phone doesn't even know I'm touching it!4. My hand is not a rectangle. Well, sort of, right? This thing gets a big fat zero for any type of ergonomics. This thing squirts out of my hand like a wet bar of soap all the time! So, I bought the body glove super grip gel cover. But wait! Now that I bought the  bulky extended battery the cover no longer fits.5. Lots of cool apps but...It is so much fun to play one of those cool apps, for five minutes! Oh yes, and all the while that tranquil music is playing. What is this, some sort of brain washing? Maybe it's a government conspiracy to try to keep us all calm?I can't wait to get a real cell phone.

This phones battery life is not so good, YOU MUST have a extended battery pack to match the battery life (maybe a little more) of a iphone. GPS isn't so good, dont use for walking. must restart every so often otherwise it goes crazy, i wish android would make their own video calling app. The Qik app IS TERRABLE!!! And skype doesnt yet work for this phone, yea they have it but skype really just doesnt work.(Cant log-in) 4g is fast but only with a catch. The EVO has an even worse battery life.

So I've had this phone for a few months now.  I came to Sprint from AT&T (was dissatisfied with their service).  I was pretty impressed with the phone compared to the iPhone 3G, but there are a TON of flaws with this device.  First and foremost the battery life is horrible.  This phone dies out on my every day.  I just drove into work (1 1/2 hours) after charging my phone all night and the battery is already at 50%.  The GPS on the phone is also much much weaker than the iPhone.  Mapping and locations are very difficult to lock onto.  The phone crashes on me daily.  Also the Qik video chat barely works.  It works when it wants to, not when you want it too.  I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone!  I can't wait to get a new phone, most likely the a new W7 phone.

[EDIT: 01/21/2010]Its much worse than i thought. The reason my Epic still has an ancient version of android is because of Samsung. Samsung is trying to charge the carriers every time they update any of the Galaxy S series phones. Keep in mind that the effort to "update" their handsets is rather negligible. The Android O.S. is not being developed by Samsung. Its handed to them for FREE. They need to tweak it a little bit so that their horrible pre-installed bloatware widgets remain compatible, but thats it. The carriers, rightly, think thats a load of it and arent paying. which leaves us where we are right now. Its taking every once of self control that i posses to leave the cap lock key in the off position.I wish I had bought an EVO[END EDIT]I thought i was buying the flagship Android 4G Phone. I was TOLD that I was buying the flagship Android 4G Phone. I paid a lot of money with the understanding that I was buying the flagship Android 4G Phone.WrongWrongWrongThis phone has been completely abandoned by the manufacturer and the carrier. The Android operating system moves on and yet this phone is still waiting to be updated to the current version of the Android Operating System. What a joke. If i had bought a cheap 2nd rate handset i might not be too upset. I bought the most expensive Android phone on the market and now im feeling like i got played. I shouldnt have to root my handset just to keep it up to date.

I was waiting for a nice Android based phone on Sprint, and EVO was impossible to get because it was always on back-order (and frankly, too big of a screen).So, when Sprint advertised this one, it seemed perfect. Nice sized screen, and a sliding keyboard, plus 4G.But overall, this phone has been almost unusable, primarily because of the short Battery Life. I am totally NOT impressed with the Power Engineering of Samsung.. Can't believe they are running a Smart Phone Business !!Good points:- Nice bright Screen- Pretty quick and responsive- Nice Sliding Keyboard- Runs Android (so access to the App Marketplace)- 4G (if it is available in your area)And the Bad:- 4G not available in most US markets (Sprint store where I bought had some 4G signal, but I think they have turned on 4G spots near their stores, but no where else). -- Battery drains VERY QUICKLY.- Almost all the desirable services almost unusable, because you do not get more than an hour - if you turn on anything besides regular phone use (GPS, Wifi, 4G, Video, Web Browsing !!)- Did I mention, BATTERY LIFE IS BAD.- And not to mention, the charging cable is on the top of the phone.. so it is very awkward to talk and charge at the same time (if you are going to keep this phone, you better get used to it.).Some users are writing that the battery life is OK, but I think they are either not using any of the functions, or are Samsung/Sprint paid bloggers..COMPARISON to:- I have compared the battery life to a iPhone 4 and HTC Nexus. Both are equivalent in terms of the features. And the battery on them lasts way longer (at least through the day).How much the battery lasts? (as you can see, I am really not too happy with it).- With normal use (20-30 mins of phone talk, 20-30 mins of browsing, 20-30 emails, and 5-10 mins of streaming, it will last you 6-7 hrsIf you use the GPS for about 20 mins.. Battery will last no more than 4-5 hrs.(I was making sure to kill all running applications - as soon as I am done, but to no avail).I have used the iPhone 4 extensively (sorry, do not work for Apple, but that is what I have access to), and the battery lasts the whole work day easily with medium use of Phone, Internet, and even streaming Youtube/Netflix).Surprised, that Samsung will release such a product, that is NOT usable by a smartphone user, unless you are lugging around a USB charger with you !!TOTALLY UNSATISFIED... Unless they improve the battery life.. otherwise, this is a nice paper weight..

I am waiting on replacement #3 of this phone. I did my upgrade with Sprint July 6th, and within 30 days was back in the store with a touch screen that did not work. When you went to use the touchscreen dialer it was only showing a horizontal position and would not orientate to the vertical position. Along with that it would not allow the dial pad to show up. The only way you could dial was with the slide out keyboard or if it was connected by Bluetooth to the Sync in my truck. So, I took it in and the girl said,"Hmmm, I've had mine a year and never seen one do that. Did you take the battery out to reset it?" I replied yes and it did not work. I got phone number 2 and went on my way. Then this last week #2's touch screen started this going totally black on me where it wouldn't function it was on but you couldn't use it...except with Sync in my F150(Thank you Ford). As long as the Bluetooth is on it in the truck I could answer or make calls. I could not do anything else. So, I went back again to Sprint. The same girl waits on me after I ask if she remembers me and she says she does. And again I get "Hmmm, I've had mine a year and never seen one do that. Did you take the battery out to reset it?" " Yes, several times," I reply. So she calls the "tech" store across town to see if the can even look at fixing it. They say no, because they don't have parts. At this point she tells me she can order me a new phone. I ask if there are any other phones to choose from and she gives me 3 options which I didn't care for, at which point I tell her just to order #3. I am told it is on back order and will be at least 3-5 bus. days to ship. I have since been in touch with Sprint, two times by phone, and found out that they will not allow me to choose another phone and I am being sent a refurbished phone, even though I paid for a new working phone. I was basically told by Sprint suck it up and take the hosing like a big girl. Other than the touch screen sucking, I really found the ringer volume to be for crap. It is not loud even on the loudest setting. There are also a lot of junk apps loaded that it won't let you remove and it can be slow to load pages, email or post to FB. I usually like Samsung, my 2 previous phones were Samsung, but this one is sub-standard. I personally would not tell anybody to get this phone.

Amazing and still surprised everyday with all of the functions. I went from a 9700 Blackberry to the Epic and I am so impressed with the applications and the quality of the phone. The best part of the phone is the 4G capability. So much faster to connect to the internet. The quality of the camera is equal to a digital camera and the clarity will shock you! It is a bit bigger than I had hoped for, but the overall appearance and functions make it worth the transition. I have only had it for a few days, and I still have not learned half the options this phone offers. I am very pleased with this purchase and look forward to learning the tricks of this wonderful device. Thank you Samsung for such a brilliant idea!

The new EPIC has some impressive features, so much so that they seem to captivate almost all reviewers to the point where they seem to miss some basic things that aren't so great.I just picked up the phone today, and within 10 minutes I saw some pretty stupid flaws that make me wonder how designers and QA people really think.... except Apple designers/QA because they seem to get it right.1.) The power button is in an impractical location.  Compared to my last HTC smartphone where I can use my index finger on top of the phone or the way I can use my thumb only on my iPhone, the Epic seems to require more effort and can easily slip out of my hand when trying to press that pwr button.2.) Normal use of the phone causes your index finger to constantly smudge the main camera. See how iPhone overcomes this by camera placement.3.) Why couldn't the USB plug be the more popular size?... I guess mini instead of micro. I don't see that much of a space saving using micro and I have tons of USB chargers laying around and in my car.  Now I'll need some sort of adapter if I want that use chargers I have.4.) The USB plug would be much more convenient at the bottom of the phone as opposed to the top. Picture talking on the phone without a headset while driving and having to use car battery power - there will be a cable looping off the top of the phone up against your head. (goofy)I'm sure I'll like a lot of the nice things about the phone, but gee-whiz, I see 4 practical things right off the bat that the seemingly tons of reviews I read never even seemed to mention.

My wife and I recently purchased new phones from Sprint and are quite happy with them. I purchased the HTC Evo 3D and my wife nabbed the Epic (primarily for its keyboard). While the Samsung Epic is getting a bit old, it still competes well with newer phones. My wife's impressions (and mine) are below:Pros+ It's a lightweight, attractive phone that gives you plenty of features and access to Sprint's 4G network.+ The phone is well-crafted and extremely easy to use. Samsung is doing a great job of chasing Apple (too good if you keep up with legal news) and its products certainly threaten Apple's seeming stranglehold on appealing hardware.+ The screen is simply beautiful to look at... set with active wallpaper, it comes alive.+ The real QWERTY keyboard is an excellent feature which barely adds to the weight of the phone. If a real keyboard is a must, this phone presents a decent sized keyboard that rarely causes you to mis-type.+ While the hardware doesn't stack up to the Evo 4G 3D, its plenty powerful. Videos do not stutter, it capably handles video calls, games work well, and downloads are smooth.+ Call quality is crystal clear+ For the individual who wants a smart phone that is easy to customize, easy to use, and gorgeous to look at, you could do much worse than the Samsung Epic.Cons- Others have mentioned this, but it appears Samsung may not be pushing to enable downloading the latest Android O/S update. If you simply need a good phone (with a keyboard) and are not a heavy app user or gamer, this probably won't affect you. If you need the latest and greatest, this could become a real issue down-the-road. I'm all for Samsung taking on Apple, but this is one page from the Jobs playbook that they shouldn't plagiarize.- This phone is getting a bit long in the (blue)tooth. Its still a great phone but newer phones have better hardware stats. If that stuff matters to you, the Epic may not be for you.- Battery life is a bit of a challenge. Fully charged will take you through the work day assuming you don't push it with constant web surfing/downloads and manage your connections (turn off 4G when not in use, turn off your wireless, etc).SummaryThe Epic is still a good phone for those consumers who don't need the latest/greatest hardware. It's a great phone if you need a real keyboard. I can't give it 5 stars due to the inability to upgrade to the latest OS (a real concern) but it should certainly last--and serve well--until Sprint offers an upgrade in two years time. Further, as its older you can probably get a nice deal on one.We purchased our phones through Amazon Wireless which stacked up well against the provider sites and 3rd parties. Phones came on-time and ready to go...

I've had my Epic for a about a month. It's pretty awesome but has a few major annoyances.The screen looks amazing.I had 2 blackberries before I got this phone. I was worried I would miss the keyboard. I quickly adapted to Swype/touchscreen keyboard. I do still have issues moving around in text I already typed though. Surprisingly I very rarely have to use the hard keyboard on this.The three main issues I have with this phone are:1. The screen orientation, when I take a picture straight up and down not sideways and then try to upload it to facebook, there is no way to rotate it 90 degrees to be the correct orientation. You can edit the picture using the gallery and rotate it save it and then when you try to upload it to facebook it is back in the same wrong orientation. So the way around it is to just always take your pictures with the phone sideways.2. when I reply to work emails the recipient, who is using Eudora email on their computer, just gets a bunch of encoded characters no readable text. Most people won't encounter this but I also saw it when I replied to a facebook mail that bounced back to me with a bunch of strange encoding that apparently I had written.3. The battery burns quick if you use the phone much, especially if you are in an area where there isn't good signal. I walk around different buildings a lot for work and I've had to start carrying my charger with me and plugging it in whatever room I'm in, which is really annoying.This phone really is awesome, a couple of my apps don't work as expected, specifically the built in facebook and yelp ones. The yelp one crashes often which is sad, I think it has to do with the GPS.I really love being able to upload pictures to facebook and twitter directly from the camera or gallery menu. I love having the GPS and wifi built in.My favorite apps are:the amazon wish list - being able to add items I find at stores right to my amazon wish list is almost life changing.pandora - lots of great music, most anywhere, anytimeeasytether - use your phone as a wireless modem! wowimdb - movie info anytime!yelp - I use this many times a day, very useful

I would caution anyone considering a switch to Sprint. I was with ATT for approx. 4 yrs. Prior to that I was with T Mobile for 3 yrs. I didn't leave either company because of customer service. I left T Mobile b/c most of my friends and family were with ATT, so it was cheaper b/c many mobile to mobile calls were free. I left ATT because I wanted to have a family plan that included everything (calls, text, data). I can't express how sorry I am that I made that choice. It has been problem after problem. When my phones arrived, I called to have my numbers switched to the Sprint phones and activate my phones. The representative told me that I had a PIN code on my account. She couldn't do anything for me if I couldn't tell her the PIN code. Because I didn't create the PIN code, I couldn't provide it. I was instructed to go to the Sprint store where they could change my PIN code and activate the phones. The only thing they were able to do was change the PIN. Back to my house I go. I called back with a PIN I had created this time. The rep took the info and said phones should be ready within an hour. I wait and wait. After more than 2 hours, I call back. This rep kept me on the line for about 15 minutes and never could help me. I requested that he transfer me. I was transferred to rep that quickly discovered the problem. They were waiting on a PIN code from me for my ATT account. They had my phone number.....Why they didn't call???? So finally my phones were up and running at 10pm. I was charged for this day of service. A little perturbed by this, but it only gets worse. When my first phone bill arrived, I was billed for services 2 days prior to even receiving my phones. I was also billed for 6 activation fees when I had only ordered 5 phones. I wasn't even aware of any activation fees. When I ordered my phones, it showed only my monthly fees. I brought my phones and my bill to the Sprint store. I told them that I wanted to cancel if the issue with my bill wasn't fixed. They don't have anything to do with billing or canceling accounts. I once again contact Sprint customer service by phone. I was still within my 30 days. I let the rep know that I want to cancel before my 30 days is up if Sprint can't remove the activation fees and the two days I didn't have service. She says that it can all be fixed and gives me the amount I will owe after the credits. She says that I will see the credits applied within a few days. After a few days, I find only the 2 days of service credited to my account. I wait, and my new bill arrives with the amount forwarded and still no other credits applied. I call at least once a day trying to resolve this. I find out that anything over $25 needs to be submitted for approval. This is probably info I should have received when I was still within my 30 days. Convenient right??? Now I'm no longer within my 30 days. Each rep told me that they needed to investigate and would call me back. I think a total of 5 reps told me this. I never received a call back from Sprint. Marie in account services screamed at me and told me, "Sprint didn't promise me nothing." She was supposedly a supervisor. I told her that when I was still within my 30 days, the rep informed me that I would receive the credits and even quoted me the amount I would owe. The last person I spoke with gave me her direct line because I reported that none of the reps ever followed through with a return phone call. Guess what??? I'm glad I got the direct line because she didn't call back either!! The lesson here....YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! Sprint is a little cheaper than the other guys but NOT WORTH IT!

Phone PROS:-Great screen-Amazing GPU, the Hummingbird + 540 graphics chip are a very impressive combination-Physical Keyboard, great for emulators, and hopefully an upcoming GameGrip product will attach to it-Call clarity-Great reception in my area (19333,19460,19406)-Amazing speeds over 802.11n-Very easy to RootPhone CONS-Can't have Wifi search and 4G radio enabled at the same time-GPS is buggy-Back button fails to register taps in certain application menus (actually a hardware issue, am exchanging my Epic for a replacement to fix it)-Battery cover is a bit of a pain to work with, had a creak when pressure was applied to it near the camera button (am exchanging my Epic for a replacement to fix it)Carrier PROS:-Unlimited calling nights (starting at 7PM!) and weekends-Phone usable right out of the box-If you work for any major employer, you can probably get a discount (I got 23%, and my place of employment does no work with Sprint)-You can roam on Verizon Wireless for no extra charge (roaming fees apply only outside the US)-Plans are cheap, and good *in the areas I primarily reside*-WiMAX. This is the pseudo-4G that Sprint uses, and is actually rather fast when you can get it (7mbps down)Carrier CONS:-4G WiMAX ends about 100ft from my house, which is sort of unfortunate, but not an inconvenience as I use 802.11n 35mbps Wifi at my houseTIPS for new owners:-Do NOT buy the "Body Glove" phone protector in the Sprint stores, it is a horrible plastic product that scratches the phone-For the first few days you will think the battery is the WORST on any phone, but after a couple charge cycles it gets a lot better-There is a configurable shortcut menu in the Android Main Menu that allows you to set hotkeys (like Search+B on the slide-out opening the Browser)-Seidio Products are very nice, and they are releasing a 3200mAh battery soon (from the 1500mAh that comes with the phone). This does not mean your battery life will double, necessarily, but you will probably be seeing 12.5+ hour battery life with it.-Buy a case from Siedio [...]On "Rooting":Rooting is the process by which you can enable previously locked down capabilities of the phone, either due to carrier restraints or concerns by the manufacturer. In the case of the Epic 4G, you can root the phone to enable Wifi Tether, Wired Tether, and other apps like SetCPU, Screenshot, and more. Rooting also allows you to load different versions of Android. There are versions of Android 2.1 (same version as the Epic by default) that have removed certain features (like the DRM scanner) to improve battery life GREATLY. "Tha Boss ROM" is one such version of Android 2.1 for the Epic 4G which can get you 2-3hrs+ in battery life.______________________________________Lost a star on:-bad back button on first unit-bad battery cover on first unit______________________________________Why to buy from Amazon:-Quick exchange if there is a problem-50$ cheaper than Sprint stores

This really is a great phone. I love the screen, I love the speed but this is another case where it's great if you can find a way to fix everything yourself.However, it's not without it's problems (that never get fixed, which I'll get to later).Problems that Samsung denied and ignored.The touchscreen is unresponsive after a phone call. I usually feel like I have to punch the phone before I can access the dialpad and actually dial extensions, etc.Also after phone calls the phone frequently locks up to where it can't be used.In addition to phone calls the phone will lock up when waking up from sleep to the point where it won't open without a restart.I got this phone day of release and 90 days later it is already falling apart. The screen is separating from the keyboard and it's already twisted to the point where when I rest my thumb on the bottom left it is constantly pushed out.I can even press my thumb under the part jutting out and get it a millimeter off the keyboard.After noting this I explained my problems to Samsung and requested service. They sent me a UPS Second Day air shipping label and I got all the stuff I needed to ship it to them.They sat on my phone for a week until they told me there was nothing wrong and shipped it back.The problem remains and quite frankly even feels a little worse. All the other problems also seem to have gotten worse. Phone calls are maddening and I'm seriously considering permanently switching my my LG Fusic (a 5 year old flip phone)To add insult to injury the phone now smells like Mayo and I can't seem to get rid of it. (not a joke).This is consistent with the other problems I've run into with Samsung products and now I'm not really surprised.Do not buy unless you plan on upgrading after 3 months.

This is the first review I've ever written.  This is the best phone available (in my opinion).  The Samsung Epic is the same size as the EVO, but noticeably lighter, plus it has the QWERTY keyboard that the EVO does not.What is great about the phone:speed - 4G is amazing, 3G not far behindnavigation - best I've seenreliability - 100%Android 2.2 upgradeablecamera - exceptionaluser-friendly - 100% - set up my  work exchange server email literally in 30 seconds - fully functional email and calenderingtouchscreen - amazing - can't believe how vivid the screen isLess than ideal:The phone is pricy - $250 at the Sprint store.  But, that's $10/month for a 2 year commitment - worth it.It is a big phone - but I did the research, the EVO, and the iPhone, all the same size.Battery life - hey, the phone does great things, and the battery lasts a day - good enough for me (however, turn off the apps you're not using, or else it can be a battery hog).  But I've used it for full days texting, emailing, calling, running multiple apps, and it is fine.Bottom Line:I was hesitant to buy this phone, due to the price tag.  However, I'm totally satisfied - there is not a better option out there right now.

So, after owning the HTC EVO for 3 weeks I switched to this phone for 3 reasons:1. Physical keyboard.-You just can't escape the practicality of a physical keyboard, and the EPIC happens to have one of the best keyboards made yet.2. User Interface.-Samsung's "touchwhiz" UI is so much more pleasant to use than HTC sense. It has a native task manager, it syncs your photos with picasa, and it works very well with google voice. HTC sense is very cluttered, messy, it has redundant apps and redundant notifications with google voice.3. The screen.You get 16 million colors with the EPIC, vs. 65,000 on the EVO. C'mon. This screen will turn heads!and, finally, I'll add one more reason4. The Sexy.Lets be honest, the EVO is a sexy b*tch. I was never sold on pictures of the EPIC. Thats because pictures do not do the phone justice. This phone has sexy to spare! I love the way it looks. It is very elegant.I was never excited about my EVO. I'm gushingly in Love with my EPIC. Hope this helps. Thanks!

I purchased it in January, I was so excited to be able to upgrade and wanted a phone that had a camera with a flash, my sole purpose for picking this phone was the camera I heard was great. Well it was good for about a month,then an update came out and since then its just been horrible, the camera is blurry, the flash is blinding when you rotated the phone the screen doesn't rotate right away sometimes not at all, the text messages now looks like it would be for a 10 year old, bubbly and blue and yellow and seems to be no way to go back to the pre update style. The camera sometimes you press the button and it doesn't work, It is easy to hang up on someone while talking if you are walking around, the  end call seems to be the only touch part that works 100% of the time. Sometimes if you touch messages it will go to call log.  (this is also since the latest android update) I didn't try everything out with the phone at first, just last night tried to record a friends band at a club and the audio was distorted to the point you cannot stand it, So I went to android forums and found out this is a problem with the audio quality of this phone when its a higher sound level. Guess I will have to start using my old phone to record videos again, and the pictures were better quality alsoPlease just google search and check around, go to android forums and read what people are saying about this phone before you go and pay $300 and a 2 year agreement before purchasing.

I don't know how I did work on the tiny screen of my Treo Pro.  My Epic is fun, apps are cool as heck, and I'm getting better at extending the battery life.  I think the battery really needs to be broken in before it gets the ability to last more than 6 hours.I love the multitude of ways to type... slide out keyboard, swipe, portrait onscreen keyboard, landscape on screen keyboard.Seems like a stable operating system, and I'm glad I invested in a new phone.  I was going to get a tablet and keep my old phone, but I'm pleased with my decision to just get a new phone with a big enough screen.*Update 08/25/2011*Still love my new phone!!  It's got it's quirks, but with all the fun software I'm loading on it, I don't blame it for getting kind of sluggish.  A battery removal to reset it usually does the trick.  I love all that I can do with my phone.I HARDLY ever use the Qwerty keyboard, which is surprising to me.  There are much more efficient ways to input your text.

I just recently switched to Sprint and was having a hard time deciding between the Evo 4g and Epic 4g.  About all of the reviews I read leaned towards the Epic due to it being a better overall media device.  Here's my extremely unbiased (*note: extremely biased) take on this phone.....When I first got this thing out and held it in my hand I thought two things had happened..1. I had been transported back in time to the early 2000's when phones were as thick as a double deck of cards2. I had mistakengly ordered the children's version as this phone appeared to be made out of little tikes plasticWhat I'm driving at here is the phone was extremely thick and cheap feeling. Granted it was fairly light for its size, but somehow they managed to turn this into a bad thing.  It felt like a toy and like it would break at the slightest drop. Which was the opposite of how it looked since the size of it made me think if I got a couple hundred of these I could use them as makeshift bricks to put an extra addition on my house.One plus was the screen was great. Good color and brightness. There's one high point. I also liked the interface better than what HTC is currently using. Score another one.Back to the negatives. Just gave you a compliment sandwich and you didn't even realize it. Anyway, the camera...5mp..um ok. My 1.5 year old crappy Droid Eris has a 5mp camera. That's all this "media powerhouse" could bring to the table? Espc considering the Evo 4g that came out half a year before it has an 8mp camera? Fail. Epic fail that is. Gotcha.So in conclusion this phone is newer than the Evo, but doesn't beat it out in any category.  The screen is smaller (epic =4", evo = 4.3")even though the phone is the same height, the epic is thicker (google pics, it's noticeable), the epic has a lower mp camera, has no kickstand, and has no hdmi out like the evo, and they have the same resolution and processor power. I'm not sure what people see in this phone, but to each his own. But seriously they're all dummies. I kept it for a week and returned it. You do the same. Minus buying it in the first place.

The battery is absolutely pathetic.I had the phone 100% charged as of 2pm yesterday.  Drove home, played with the GPS features, made on short call and that was it.  This AM at 6:30 a.m. is 100% dead.  You are kidding me, right?  This is absolutely ridiculous to be honest.  I didn't really use the darn thing, and by the way shut down many of the features to try to prevent this.The phone itself has a ton of features, but what good is a wireless device IF I have to more or less keep it plugged in?  Ridiculous.

The phone is fine. It's fully functional and the screen is amazing. Major problem I have is with the software. No Froyo 2.2!!! Cmon how long is it going to take to upgrade. Anyway with out 2.2 you are stuck without flash support and saving apps to your SD card. We were promised an upgrade and never got one. Last time I buy a samsung phone. Blah!!!

Please see updates at the end of this reviewThe pros are it has a gorgeous screen, the Super AMOLED is amazing.  It's built in keyboard is well-made and easy to use.  It is comfortable.  The glass on it is rugged and does not scratch easily.  The camera takes much better pictures than you'd expect for a phone.  It is a very, Very impressive piece of hardware.  Normally it would be the best phone on the market.However...Support is spotty.  The downloadable manual is extensive, but the Index and Table of Contents are poorly done, so you have to slog through it a lot.  Help at Sprint Stores is hit or miss.  There are a few knowledgeable techs if you can get to them, but the floor people are mostly interested in selling.  You'll find one who'll say they are expert on the phone and then go blank on anything more complicated than, "Where's the 'On' button".  I had an experience when I first got the phone where I waited for my appointment and got a guy who told me that he was super-knowledgeable on the phone.  I asked how to get to Task Manager.  He stared at the phone for a while and then said it was an app and I'd have to download it (in fact it's built in) and he didn't have time to show me.  He then just turned and walked away, went in the back for a while and then came out ignored me and tried to sell accessories to someone else.  The people on the phone are more knowledgeable, but they still have to look a lot up.  One wonders if Samsung will even be interested in 2.3 for this phone, let alone any of the later versions.UPDATE 8/17/2011:  Finally got the 2.2 update (a year after 2.2 was out)and have been living with it for a few months before I did another update.I can report that with the update, the features that were supposed to work out of the box are now working, more or less.  This makes the phone more livable.  However, a number of applications/functions already working still work but are now more cumbersome than before.For example, the keyboards now have less flexibility for setting up error correction.  Or when you make a phone call, the dialpad disappears unless you press the button to bring it back.  Say at the end of your call you want to make another one.  The dialpad has disappeared again, all you've got is the "call" "add to contacts" and "message buttons.  To make another call you have to select "home" again, then "phone", and then dial your next number.  With the browser , you now MUST have a home page, Sprint or not.  This means that when you launch the browser, you must either wait for the page to load, or stop the load and then press the bookmarks/history symbol to load the page you really want.  You can now only go to your bookmarks by scrolling up to the top of the page, whereas before you could get there by using the menu form anywhere.  Auto rotation of the screen still works, but is very slow unless you recalibrate the hardware.  This involves setting the phone on a flat surface, launching the calibrator and insuring the calibration spot is centered on the bulls-eye.  Pretty much the same as before EXCEPT:  the calibration now only works properly if you run it with the phone Face Down!  In other words, you have to do it with the phone in a position where You Can't See The Necessary Screen!  The way to get around this is run it face down on a table, squat down, and carefully slide it partly over the edge of the able so you can look at part of the screen from below.  Sheesh!The biggest thing, though, is what so many have mentioned: Battery.  The life is Extremely short.  Example:  I turn the phone on in the morning, do a few web searches and reads and the rest of the time make a few cell calls, always remembering  to turn off any application (including contacts) or the browser as soon as I finish using it.  Otherwise it lasts 6 hours  or less, if I'm lucky.  This is key:  As soon as you finish any app or function, Stop It Immediately.  Make sure your home screen shows black and not a picture.  Do not have any pictures for your contacts.  I really mean this!  4G (that you're paying for whether your area has it or not) is essentially unusable, because if you let it run, the phone will be pretty much dead in ~ 2 1/2 hours.  Part of this is how much power this thing consumes, but part is the battery itself.  They have a life of about 9 months, at which point they start depleting much faster to the point of ridiculousness, and have to be replaced.  So far, Sprint has replaced batteries under the service plan, that isn't mandatory that you buy, but if you don't you don't get much help at all.Remember, after 30 days, you're stuck with it for 2 years.  It remains a great piece of hardware, but given the state of its software/firmware its potential remains unfulfilled. This is my first Samsung phone, there's a good chance it will be my last.

Upgraded from an HTC Hero. The Hero wasn't a bad phone but this a huge step up. Any Android fan that wants a keyboard, this is probably the phone for you. I saw some reviews complain about the software of this phone. Don't listen to those people. This is an Android phone and it's meant to be customized. I replaced the touch wiz junk with the ADW Launcher and Dialer One apps from the marketplace. It literally took under a minute to download and install both apps. And I love the way my phone works now. I split the pros and cons into two section. I felt the screen needed it's own section because there are so many different aspects to it.S-AMOLED Screen:*Note, LCDs is a type of display used in most cell phones todayPros:- Great contrast ratio, the blacks on it are a true black, and the whites are brighter than any LCD screen out there. You have to see this screen in person and make sure to crank up the brightness setting when you do.- Has a huge color gamut, that means it can display the purest of colors in the sRGB gamut. For comparison, the iPhone 4's "retina display" can only display 2/3rds of the colors in the sRGB gamut which is less than a 1/5th of the colors that a human retina can see.- The S-AMOLED screen is completely visible in direct sunlight. Some earlier versions of the AMOLED had trouble in sunlight because AMOLEDs lack a reflective backlight.- Each individual pixel uses power proportional to it's brightness. This allows the S-AMOLED to use less battery power than a similar sized LCD in most situations. LCDs have to provide the same amount of light for every pixel, even if it's black.Cons:- Uses a pentile pixel arrangement, this basically makes black text not look as sharp compared to other phones like the Evo or Droid X even though it has the same resolution as those phones. Text is still very readable.- AMOLEDs are not as efficient as LCDs when displaying a blank white screen. If you are viewing a web page that is mostly a white(like google) you could be draining more than twice the juice as a similar sized LCD.- Screens seem to have a blue tint to them. Don't think there's a way to adjust the tint so if you buy this phone you will have to live with it.All the Other Hardware:Pros:- The Hummingbird processor in this phone is extremely fast. Along with Droid X's processor, it's the fastest processors you can get in a phone right now.- Uses the same processor as the iPhone 4 and iPad. And it's 200-400 Mhz faster than the iPhone 4(Apple underclocks their iPhone's processors to get better battery life). Samsung actually fabricates these processors for Apple.- This phone has the best GPU(graphics processor) out there. All the 3D benchmarks rank the Samsung Galaxy phones as the fastest.- Battery life is as good as my old HTC Hero even though the Epic has a huge screen and a faster processor.- Has a front facing camera for video chat.- The 5MP rear camera takes good shots, for a cell phone.- Has a LED flash for night shots.- And of course, it has a keyboard!Cons:- Only 1GB ROM, the rest of the storage used a cruddie class 2 - 16GB micro SD card. Come on Sprint, you charge an extra $50 for this phone and you gut the ROM!- The front android buttons are capacitive. This means they aren't real buttons, they are actually just symbols printed on the touch screen. Some people are having issues with their responsiveness. Hasn't been a big issue for me.- Slider mechanism feels too loose for some people. It's the nature of having a sliding keyboard. If this is something that might bother you then try this phone out at the store before you buy.- GPS isn't working properly on some phones. Sprint is working on the issue and it should get fixed in a month or two.- 4G and Wifi don't work at the same time. They both use the same antenna.- Need to pay an extra $10 a month for 4G even if your city doesn't have 4G.

I've been a Blackberry user (Curve and more recently, Tour) for a long time. Prior to that, a Palm user. With all the great new touch screen phones coming out, I was itching to switch. But I wasn't about to switch to AT&T; just to get the iPhone. I have also been with Sprint for years, and in my opinion, they have THE BEST coverage/service and plans (I never have dropped calls and they have the best "Everything" plan). Also, I wasn't willing to get a phone that only had a touch screen for entering text. True, AT&T; has the new Blackberry Torch, but again, I would've had to switch to AT&T.;So I was so happy when Sprint came out with the new Samsung Epic (I'm glad I waited for this instead of getting the Evo). Simply put, this phone is AMAZING! It has everything I was looking for, among other things, the touch screen and pull-out keyboard. And while this phone is much larger than my previous Tour and really bigger than my husband's Palm Pre, it isn't any heavier. The build of the phone is solid. When you pull out the keyboard, you can do so with the confidence that it won't wobble or break.  The Amoled screen is unsurpassed and the live wallpapers are beautiful! The colors are so vivid and true, and with the size of the screen, watching videos is wonderful! The speed of the browser is super fast too (this is one reason I wanted to switch from my Blackberry, which I also loved). The browser on the Blackberry is so slow and the browsing experience is lacking since the screen is so small. The pull-out key board is great, but I actually find myself not using it that much because I have gotten used to entering text using the Swype function. It is so fast and intuitive. Once you get the hang of using it, I don't think you'll be entering text with the keyboard.There are still some things that are lacking, however, which caused me to give this a 4-star, instead of, a 5-star rating. First, the ability to sync with Microsoft Exchange is lacking. Currently, there is no way to sync your notes and tasks from Outlook. I use these a lot so I had to find work-arounds for this (I use Evernote for my notes and Remember the Milk for my tasks). Second, there is no spell check. I'm not sure why as this seems to be something that shouldn't be hard to include since gmail has it. Third, there doesn't appear to be a way to select the default calendar when entering new appointments (you have to always select which calendar you want the appointment in). Also, there doesn't appear to be away to dismiss select appointments. Again, I have had to use a work-around (I use the free Calendar Snooze). Fourth, the ability to customize the ringer and notification profiles is somewhat limited (you have to download an app (I use Quick Profiles) to do this - not a big deal, but it would be good if this was already included). Truly, these are not actual functions of the phone itself, but of the Android OS. So I'm hoping that with the eventual upgrade in OS, these issues will be addressed and resolved.While I have had to alter the way I do things on my device, this has not been a dealbreaker for me. I am extremely happy that I purchased this phone (through Sprint) and that I am using the Android OS. I am a Android convert for good. I'm learning new things on this phone everyday and I'm looking forward to the upgrade in the OS - hopefully soon!

I have had this phone about a month and so far I love it. The slide out keyboard was key to my purchase, as I'm not used to typing on a screen. I had a Blackberry prior. My 15-year-old soon to be stepdaughter got this phone for Christmas and she has been thrilled with it. When I was eligible for an upgrade, I knew it was one I wanted to try.One feature this phone has that has saved me money is the Mobile Hotspot" capability. For an extra $29/mo your phone can serve as a wireless modem. I was paying $49.99/mo for laptop stick. This phone connection works just as well with the stick. I get $20/mo savings, which more than covers the $10/mo extra you have to pay to have a 4G phone.

Swype set the world record for text messaging speed. Swype only makes the phone that much sweeter. It comes as the default on-screen keyboard. I chose this as my next android phone because the idea of only being able to clumsily input text on an on-screen keyboard like on all the other new Android device scared me. I am a QWERTY kind of guy.However, Swype has an extremely accurate algorithm. I find myself responding to text messages in 2 seconds as opposed to 15! It even adds emails and names from your contacts to its dictionary so that you can swype your complicated email! Whenever I know the words I am going to type are in the dictionary, I just Swype it. Its amazingly fast and almost never fails! If I need to type a password which is full of symbols, I pull out the QWERTY. Its godlike.It really is the phone for the power-user. I spend all day using this phone. (I can't help it; its fast, responsive, intuitive, and beautiful.) I am astounded each time I check the battery, sure that it must be approaching the end of its life, and each time I am relieved to know that I can continue multitasking away.The screen is simply breathtaking. The phone comes with several vivid backgrounds to show off the beautiful display. The technology is baffling. You can even use the back of your fingernail on the touchscreen just as easily as you can with your finger. That is how close the capacitor is to the screen. It is also why this phone is also incredibly light. I still can't help but appreciate how vivid the colors appear on the screen. I put the screen on the lowest brightness setting, and the vividness of the colors give the illusion that the screen really isn't dim at all -- which means you can increase your battery life without decreasing your experience.It truly is epic: The Android ROM that comes on the phone is modified. Generally I like vanilla Android. And yet everything they changed is an improvement! When you hold down the home button, you not only get your recently opened applications, but a button right there for a Task Manager! You can end all applications as fast and as easily as you can reopen them, and multi-task. Its amazingly intuitive. That's not all, my dear power users, for they even included a file manager right out of the box. I was about to go get the essentials from the Android Market and was shocked to see it included. It really shows how much thought was put into making this phone the perfect match for any tech-savvy Android user.They also changed the skin, and the application drawer. I personally didn't like the application drawer at all, coming from vanilla Android. It was cartoonish and didn't seem to fit. However, it is easy to change it back to the vanilla Android app drawer, and I recommend that every EPIC 4G owner at least try out the original app drawer -- Not only does it look better, but its slides in and out 3x times faster than the TouchWiz app drawer.Here is how to change to the default app drawer:1. Press Menu (from home screen) -> Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications.2. Press Menu -> Filter -> All3. Scroll down and find "TwLauncher", and click on it. (Trust me its there)4. Click "Clear Defaults" on the TwLauncher detail page.5. Press the HOME touchkey on the phone. (It'll ask you if you want to use TouchWiz, or the default one. We want default)6. Check "Set as default" if you don't want to be asked each time you press home AND7. Select "Home" (the first choice)Now you will have the default Android app drawer, which is much faster. IMHO it looks much better too. The rest of the skin looks great. They changed the dull flat grey with a vibrant blue. They changed the indeterminate progress bars to look like rays of the sun instead of a spinning wheel. Everything about the phone is beautiful.All in all I feel like this phone is a masterpiece of intuitive design. The excellent Swype algorithm as well as the qwerty keyboard, and the layout of all the buttons on the phone seem to have been carefully tinkered with to perfection. Everything about both the hardware design, and the software additions seem to have been designed by engineers who were making a phone that they themselves wanted to use. It feels like a labor of love, and I can sense it each and every time I use the device.-- Post Review:I originally received an EPIC 4G from Best Buy on release day, and my friend got his from Sprint. I told him my battery life was terrible. He said his lasted the whole day. I was wondering what kind of phone he must have had before to say that he was getting good battery life, because my phone was dying in around 4 hours! When we met up at work, I noticed his phone was a lot cooler than mine! Mine was blazing hot. We checked the battery statistics on both of our phones and they seemed to be identical. We switched out our batteries. When I put his battery in my phone, for about 2 minutes, and he put it back in his phone, his phone reported that the battery had depleted 15% !!! That means my phone was sucking the life out of his battery as well as my own, so we deduced the problem must be with my phone, because we kept all other variables the same. That same day I went and traded it in for another one, and lo and behold, my battery in the new device lasted me the whole day.It seems that a small number of these are defective. If you are pretty sure your device is to blame, change it for another one!

Ok, this is plain and simple - down and dirty.  You all can read the specs. Amazing performance.  Great coverage.  Amazing plan.  This phone is what smartphones were meant to be.  I DO like the keyboard options.  Let's face it, sometimes you DO need a physical keyboard (subway, bus, jet) when swipe texting just won't do.  It is all there in this device.  I have had Windows phones, Blackberries (don't get me started), and a variety of other devices.  This is it!  Oh and you know what?  The build is very sturdy. I can't tell you how much trouble I have had with HTC phones and cases cracking, screens bleeding, etc.  Go for it!

I went to this phone from a BB Curve 8330.  It took a couple days to get used to it, but it blows BB out of the water!  Initially I wanted the Epic for three main reasons. 1) The screen is simply incredible!  It's far more colorful and crisper than the Evo.  2)  The slide out keyboard, which I don't even use anymore now that I've mastered the Swype feature ;)  3)  The camera is by far the best I've ever seen on a mobile phone.  Don't let the pixel count fool you.  There are other phones boasting a higher pixel count, but the phone's ability to process the picture is what makes the difference.  I know many people who have the Evo and I've compared their pictures vs mine-not even close!In regards to some of the issues that others have talked about pertaining to GPS, I've never had the issue but I know some who have.Also, pertaining to the Froyo update.  Yes it would be nice to be able to use Flash.  Yes I would like better bluetooth usage.  Until we finally do get the update to either Froyo or Gingerbread I can wait.  I'm overjoyed with this phone and would recommend it to anybody.Oh yeah almost forgot the barry life.  Be aware if you buy this phone or any of the large screen phones, that big beautiful screen does to your battery what a big V-8 does to gas!  The Epic does have an automatic brightness setting that monitors the lighting around you and adjusts automatically.  The phone comes with a built in task manager to help you control what programs are running in the background.  You can also set it so that your phone isn't constantly checking social media, ie-Twitter and FB, for updates.  That on its own will really extend your battery.

Currently totaling 2.5 hours on phone and counting trying to have my old number from Verizon ported over to Sprint.I finally diagnosed for them why they hadn't ported over my number (they were asking ATT and not Verizon). This successfully ported the number, but while on the phone, my device has begun to malfunction (and is continuously depressing '3' despite the screen being clean. YikesNow I can't return to AmazonWireless because it is at 32 days old and over 30 day warranty. Haven't been using it much, been waiting for my number to port...Mortified...

I bought the Epic after owning a Palm Pre for the last couple of years.  Before that, however, my last two phones were Samsungs as I've found their voice dialing has always been second-to-none.  With all the hype about Android, and my adoration of Samsung's voice dialing capabilities, I was really shocked at how much I disliked this phone (it went back to Sprint after only one week). There were a number of things that the Pre does effortlessly that are SO much harder on this phone, and I also had several issues that were not mentioned in the reviews.Before I get into the issues, I will say the voice dialing and voice search on the Epic is a thing of beauty.  You can search Google by voice, tell the phone you want to listen to an artist and it will bring up the associated Pandora station, and you can also do fancy things like voice memo, voice text and voice email (oh and it voice dials too).  The speech-to-text capability is incredibly accurate and only seemed to flub when I was in a noisy car.  I also found the phone to have good battery life, and its screen and video quality definitely lives up to the hype.That being said, there were several problems I found with this phone that I did not have with the Pre:* It is a Google phone, with little love for Yahoo.  I live by my Yahoo calendar and the phone does not natively support Yahoo calendar (your only choices are the Exchange corporate calendar, which it syncs with nicely, or Google calendar).* It does not automatically backup all of your contact info.  Palm has you create an account upon establishing service that periodically backs up all your contacts. The Epic requires a Google account and you have to specify whether new contacts are stored to Google or the phone.* The Pre automatically displays the sender/subject of new emails and text messages on its main screen (even if the screen is locked), whereas the Epic places a number icon over the email/messaging icons to denote the number of new messages. There is also a note in the Epic's notification bar, which you have to get to by scrolling.* For those of you looking forward to using the Epic with Microsoft Exchange, I'd recommend a quick test of the system because my experience with Exchange email was a nightmare.  When replying to Exchange email messages with the phone, the software on the built-in email program included HTML formatting codes (every sentence ended with ). This is a known issue with the Epic and some versions of Microsoft Exchange email servers and from what I gathered on the net there doesn't seem to be a fix. I ended up going with a 3rd party email program that wasn't as seamlessly integrated into the phone.*  The "Task Manager" was the nail in the phone's coffin.  With the Pre, when you are done with an app, you slide the associated card off the screen and the program stops.  For whatever reason, the Google developers decided to include their version of CTRL-ALT-DEL to get rid of running apps. You can't close an app from within the app, you have to go to a Task Manager to individually turn off all running programs.  It's just one more additional step for something that should have taken no more than a second.* Odd but interesting... I CANNOT see the screen on the Epic when I am in the car wearing my polarized sunglasses. The Pre (and other phones) seem to show up fine, but the Epic is incredibly faint.* With the Pre, I could scroll back to previously-played songs on Pandora to bookmark or like/dislike. The Epic functions more like Pandora does on the Roku, with no ability to scroll back and only the current song available for marking.Your enjoyment of this phone (and how crazy it drives you, or doesn't) is going to depend on what you're doing with it. The voice dialing rocks, and it is a much better phone phone than the Pre, but if you're using the phone primarily to keep up with text messaging and emails, I think it is far inferior in these respects.

Boy this is fun to use!  It sure has a lot of great apps too!  And it is super quick with a brilliant screen.  However, I need a phone.  And I need a phone for business.  I can't have dropped calls.  Especially at the rate this phone drops them.  So as much as it pains me to do it, I will be returning this beautiful,exhilirating computer for a boring,reliable phone.

I just bought the Samsung Epic 4G and have no complaints. I will update this review after more usage. But in my opinion between the Evo 4g and the Epic 4g, hands down the Epic wins. I have smaller hands and this phone is not too big. At first I was scared it would be too big for me, because of the dimensions, but you get used to it. The only thing that sucks is that there are not a lot of accessories for it.UPDATE:I have had it for about a month now and I still don't have complaints. Battery is not great but if you take off gps wifi and 4g options it will last longer. i can go a full day with this and be fine. Talking, texting, navigation. Swype is AWESOME. it predicts what i want to say. Took my phone on a weekend trip and took great pictures. Love the flash feature. Still looking for a case for it. I bought the Zagg Invisible Full Body shield for maximum protection.Another great thing about the Epic is that you can buy an extra OEM battery and seperate charger for it!!! According to Sprint only Samsung products like instinct and EPIC have this option. The EVO does not and will not have that.Hope you enjoy your phone as I am. :-)

the phone is big. not heavy, but hollow and big. I cant fit it in my jeans pocket. Who designed this? I will sacrifice the cool screen for something mobile. Its a mobile phone right? Not a playstation portable. It literally is the size as a playstation portable.I would just buy an ipad if I wanted something bigger than a phone.Battery life isnt as great as people make it to be too. I use it to browse the web. When you use the web, it kills the batteries for some reason. I dont use it for movies. Maybe it has a better battery life for movies. I dont know.I been playing with the iphone 4 and it feels better than this phone. Never had an apple product in my life. Been a blackberry guy but blackberry web browsing is horrible.

I have owned a Samsung Epic that I did not purchase on Amazon for 6 months now. The design of the product is great. I love the phone in theory. However there are several problems that one will have to address to make this phone workable.The battery is underpowered. The 1500 mA battery does not last a full day if you truly use this phone's fuctionality. You will HAVE to buy an extended battery and that will make it wider. Also with every extended battery, expect the cover to eventually start to fall off all the time. It is VERY irritating.The Sprint bloatware on your phone, the apps that you cannot uninstall such as Qik video, Sprint Nascar, Sprint TV, Samsung Media hub, Facebook, are on YOUR phone for good. You cannot uninstall these. They will ask you to update them constantly and ask for new permissions to track your life. If you dont update them they will constantly ask for update. This alone is annoying enough to make me want to leave Sprint. These apps that you may not want run in the background, use up system memory and CPU power and drain your battery.Do not expect your Epic to connect to your Windows 7 computer. I have tried and tried, changed cables and installed drivers, it connects maybe once for every 10 attempts. It is rediculous.Expect Sprint "updates" to your phone to be rammed down your throat. Updates such as Sprint data optimizer which will connect your phone automatically to any Wifi you have remembered in your phone. The update installed itself and started doing this WITHOUT my permission. Welcome to Sprints corporate control over your phone.All in all I believe this phone would have been great if Sprint was not involved in it. They have no business writing software for Samsung's hardware when they don't even keep their website updated to allow smartphones to access it. Sprint's network is great. How they treat the average customer in regards to the customer's hardware sucks very bad (one star).

I have had the phone for about 10 months.  It is a great phone.  The display is clear and colorful.  One thing that does bother me is that it is very bright to look at at night - I wish the brightness could be turned down more.  I have used the Hotspot functionality at times, which costs $29 a month.  You can turn it on and off any day that you want at no charge, but it is a small hassle to make that change to your account at Sprint's website.  The Hotspot's 4G speed seems to be typically 3 or 4 MB/s where I live.  Sprint has been slow to deliver Android updates, still waiting for Gingerbread, so that is a minor annoyance.

...I obtained this phone shortly after it was released.  If I recall correctly, I've had this phone since, roughly, last August (2010). In that time, there have been instances when I came very close to throwing it as far as I possibly could.  Other times, I've thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread.There are other reviewers here who have provided far more technical, detailed and all-together better reviews than I am capable of providing on a product such as this. Further, now that over one hundred some odd reviews have been posted, I can't really provide much that will offer any insight greater than that which has already been provided.  But, I will offer my 2 cents.I came to the Droid world from a Blackberry.  I loved my Blackberry.  I still miss it.  That said, this phone offers far more than I ever had on my Blackberry.  Web-browsing, wifi capability (and the ability to use the phone as a wifi/"hotspot" for, say, your laptop), apps, an excellent camera/video-camera, video-conferencing, it comes with a 16gb micro sd card which provides for incredible storage of photos, music, videos, pictures, etc.etc., etc., etc.  Its capabilities go on and on and, by the way, yes, it does work as a telephone as well.  However other times, I find it has "network" issues such that email accounts will not sync, the browser is excruciatingly slow, GPS places me roughly 3,200 miles away from where I actually am, etc.  Point being, it has issues which, sometimes, force me to do a "battery pull" to reset the phone.  It's annoying, particularly because I never experienced such things with Blackberry, with the exception of a mere few times where the Blackberry network was toast from coast to coast...for a little while anyway.  But with this Droid, I've found such problems are far more frequent/numerous.  Maybe it's more of a Sprint issue than it is a phone issue, frankly, I'm not really sure but can only offer that I didn't experience such things with my Blackberry (even though it too was with Sprint).In terms of its use as an actual phone, I've never had any issues with "dropped" calls being any more problematic than with any other phone; the speaker works great, while video-conferencing has proven somewhat slow, broken-up and such that I just don't do it...but at least I have the satisfaction of knowing I could do it if I wanted to do it, right?  Right.  But, it does work great as a phone.All in all, not a bad phone.  Indeed, it is just "ok."  It does offer an array of services and capabilities which are almost dizzying...far more than my Blackberry did (at that time anyway).  All things considered, I probably do prefer it over my Blackberry, but not by all that much.Recommended._______________________________________________UPDATE - Oct. 2011:The day that Sprint offered the Apple iPhone 4s, I took this Droid down to my local Sprint store and said "good riddance" once and for all.  For the sake of preserving my original review, I'll keep the original "three star" rating in place, but rest assured, as time wore on, that particular Droid became more problematic, requiring "battery pulls" about four to five times per day, with text, GPS and email service basically being worthless as well.  I have never been more delighted to get rid of a phone than I was this particular Droid...particularly in favor of the iPhone 4s.Good riddance!

I've had this phone for over a year. Originally everything worked alright. Some things were a little off or slow, but, they worked. Exchange mail couldn't search your address book, for example.  Web and apps worked fine and you can get pretty much whatever you want from the app store.  Screen is bright and vibrant. It also destroys your battery.Expect battery times on the order of 2-3 hours with this phone if you use it to send texts or chats.  Screen usually accounts for 80% of battery usage according to the power consumption statistics.Swype is awesome. Everyone that sees me text is envious. It takes a few tries to get used to and a few weeks to learn all the tricks. But, generally, it is much better than pushing virtual buttons.Since the phone was new it has had about 2 system upgrades.  The first one was good. almost everything worked better except for emails.  Exchange mail would put a bunch of html codes in your replies if you left the original message text in the response. That was part and parcel of responding to work emails for about a year with no fix from Sprint. Very. Annoying. Very. A number of work emails got sent that looked very unprofessional.The latest update to Android Gingerbread has wrecked the GPS functionality and impaired Exchange email.I had stopped using my garmin because Google maps and the GPS worked well enough that I didn't need it anymore.  No longer. GPS gets a signal for about 30 seconds and then loses it until you power down and restart.Exchange email was fixed in terms of the gibberish problem, but, now you can't backspace over a word or the cursor will move around your email body to who knows where with every new letter you type/word you swype.  Furthermore, they took away the cursor! The ability to select words for edits in work email is mostly gone. The only reliable way to drive the cursor and write text is with the slide out keyboard now. Which is very annoying.Boo. BOOAll indications is that Sprint does not care about these features. I have been in touch with them and they really don't care. Sad. I will probably go to another provider over these issues.

It's all too easy to be rah-rah about a new handset.  Let's not judge this by its relative newness on the market.  Processor speed and bright screen aside, there are flaws within the design that make it an iffy proposition.  You can't enjoy the phone without being deeply concerned about battery life.1) The Android market is boring. Paper Toss, the big five-star wonder, is boring. All those games they give five stars are mind-numbingly boring.  It's like that show, The Office, if you were just to listen with half-an-ear from another room.  Racing games seem innovative for about five minutes, and then they become boring also.  They all look good; they all feel good; but so far it is boredeom they are carving out for you.  Not only that, but turning your screen away from your eyes so you can turn a corner on a racing game is uncomfortable.2) Killer app?  They're all killing your battery, let's put it that way.  To manage battery life, they give you "Advanced Task Killer" at Sprint.  Then here's what you have to do: Configure the setting so that every time your screen goes dark, it kills the entire list of apps that are opened.  Just for turning the phone on, you can have like 20 apps open, suck-suck-sucking your battery life away.3) The apps are open and drawing battery life even when you don't open them directly.  They open by turning your phone on.  In 15 minutes of using email, look at task killer: How many apps are open?  20.3.5) Did I mention battery life?  Be afraid, be very, very afraid.  If you email, make phone calls and take pictures - you're good for 1/3rd to 1/4 of a day, TOPS.  (I once went to a party with the editors of Tech Crunch.  He produced his iPhone.  Back then I was carrying a Blackberry.  He looked at my phone and said,  "How many batteries do you carry with you?" he said.  "Three." (Really - I had three on me.)  "See?  You're like a crazy person.  Why live like a crazy person?"  I remember him saying that now that I bought this phone.)4) The AMOLED Screen: Bright, like a flower.  Enjoy it while you can because its life is transient. You look at it and sigh because the screen is like a nuclear reactor, except it's all "reactor" and no "nuclear" - colorful, pretty, short lived.5) The User Interface is a little sticky.  In this way, it's like it's trying to say, "By the way, I'm not an iPhone, ok?"6) This is just of our cultural moment:  Every app that goes on a Google phone should take your Google login id and password:  Logging in on your computer is one thing if your password is 4u5mx8974k&*(, on this phone it takes a relative eternity.  You're dumbing down passwords so you can swype them in, so now you you're back to "appname8" because switching between the virtual keyboards is a little tiresome, and the keyboard mechanism... see below.7) Swype is excellent except for with passwords that aren't one word.  You draw a loop with turns on the letters you want, and the word choice is usually excellent.8) Sliding mechanism.  Loose after 1 week of very light use.  Doesn't give confidence for the next week, month, or year.  Because of this, it prejudices ones' judgment against its use.  You don't feel like opening the phone because it gets looser so qickly.9) Menus: The Android 2.1 menu system is really graceful.10) Keyboard.  Don't buy this phone thinking its' otherwise good keyboard will make you "more productive".  You're still compromised by this thing: you won't be doing any serious editing of any document any time soon.  You'll need a nettop, at least, to work on an actual document that has a number of fixes.11) Google preview: The way the email gives you a preview of the document is good.  I don't know how to download the attachment or whether one can as of yet.12) Music player is excellent.  Speakers are good for being really small.  Fear for your battery life.13) App market:  Like I said, there's no killer app here, no Halo for the Android set, and I mean that across all categories.  Despite having looked for the 10 Best, and the 101 Best Android articles, I still can't find one that makes me say, "oooh" unless Google is trying to assure me that well-working email is really the Halo of this phone.14) Why Gmail integration doesn't go into Google Docs the way iPhone goes into Pages and Numbers is beyond me.15) Sprint bloatware: It's just not how I roll.SUMMARY:I didn't get an ATT phone because of the price and allegedly oversold network.  But when you consider that the data plan, no matter what plan you have with Sprint, is an extra $10.00, and tethering is an extra $30.00 that will also likely kill your battery with lightning speed, one makes a mental note to cross over to the Jobs Market.Here's an example:  It's 8:31am.  My alarm just went off on the phone (I got up early).  The phone had an 80% charge as I went to bed, and I hadn't plugged it in:  The sounds go off, and I get a low battery warning.  It couldn't stand by from 1 am to 8am without draining itself, or automagically switching to the 4G network which I had asked it not to.This phone is out of control, in the bad way.

I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  I switched over to the HTC EVO but returned it because it felt just a bit too big in my hand.  The other fact was it did not have SWYPE nor did it have a real keyboard.  I thought I would get used to having a virtual keyboard but I could not get used to it.However the Samsung Epic 4G is a great phone since it has SWYPE which works surprisingly well as well as a slide out keyboard. There have been some complaints about how the keys are not offset and I do find it a bit harder to type on it having been used to the Blackberry 9700 which was my previous phone.The phone is very responsive, battery life is not that great, you have to definitely charge it after 8-10 hours of moderate use.  I usually have 4G and GPS turned off (I don't have 4G in Sacramento) or that would use up the battery faster.I was able to connect to my Outlook email at work without any problems and it pushes the email to your Android just like the Blackberry does and it also syncs your Outlook Calender.Pinch to zoom works within Email and on Web pages and its very responsive.The killer feature is the support of DLNA, so I can view my video, audio and picture files on my PC over WI-FI on my Samsung Epic and it works seamlessly.  I can also stream video, audio and pictures from the Epic to my PC or my LG DLNA enabled Blue Ray player so that I can view it on my TV.Google Voice integration seems to be better than on the Blackberry.  Overall this phone is very intuitive to use, I had a bit more trouble with the HTC EVO.I also was able to install YouMail from the Android app store and set up conditional call forwarding (see the Youmail website on instructions since Sprint is slightly different).  While Visual Voicemail is available with Sprint, I prefer YouMail.Overall I have to say I am very pleased with this phone and would definitely recommend it.Having used Swype on this phone and finding it so easy to use, I wonder if I needed the keyboard after all.  I still wanted it as a crutch until I can let go.  This phone runs Android 2.1If you are a Blackberry user and are hesitant to switch, then I can honestly say that coming to this phone from a Blackberry 9700 it took a couple of days to get used to it, but I was able to do everything on this phone and much more.  Also due to RIM not releasing Blackberry OS 6 to existing Blackberry 9700 customers until next year even though its available for their new phone, I felt it was time to make the switch.The only app that I miss that is only available on the Blackberry is VIIGO, but I use Newsrob instead which seems adequate though not as nice as VIIGO.Update: 9/13/2010I got to use the Navigation feature and it works great.  I was able to say the name of the place I wanted to go and it began navigation right away.  The default voice sounds a bit funny and sometimes difficult to understand since the street names don't often get pronounced correctly.  I especially like the Satellite view mode since I can actually see the buildings, and I like how it switches to Street view when you are close to your destination.

I bought the Epic with some hesitation.  I had read that the battery life was bad and some other stuff.  Honestly, I don't even remember what I was hesitant about because this phone is great.  Still waiting on the 2.2 update, but its not that big a deal.  I had a G1 Dream with CM6 before and I don't feel like I'm missing any critical features.  Actually, there are some things on this phone that I like that weren't on CM6 like swype and the lock screen that lets you go straight to texts or missed calls.As for battery life, I had to charge it constantly when I first got it because I was using it constantly.  If you play Angry Birds for 4 hours straight, your battery will last about 4 hours, shocker!  However, now that the newness has worn off (and I've beaten Angry Birds) I have no problem getting through the day on one charge.In short, I like this phone.  Its nice size, nice keyboard, nice speed, nice carrier.

To be fair, the phone itself is nice, but after Sprint's Gingerbread update, it broke the phone. GPS does not work at all. The phone randomly freezes and restarts. Sprint is unresponsive to fixing the issue. If you do want to get this phone, do so with another carrier if you can.Battery life is an issue. I upgraded my battery because of it. The keyboard is nice, a definite plus if you still want a physical keyboard. Be careful before committing to Sprint and this phone. You may do okay or you may be like me--switching to Verizon.

Below is a copy and paste job of an email I just forwarded to Sprint and Samsung.  I have spent literally (in the real sense of the word, no hyperbole intended) over 24 hours of my time speaking with customer service, advanced tech support, going to local sprint repair stores, etc. to address issues with this phone.  I highly suggest that people think twice before purchasing this phone.  I am on my third one and am waiting for a fourth.  I hope this helps.This is not an inquiry, it's a statement.  I have a Samsung Epic that is the bane of my existence.  This phone is almost as frustrating and inconsistent as my HTC Hero.  Here are the issues with the phone:  multiple "connection lost errors" despite active wifi connection, GPS DOES NOT WORK (not in Philadelphia, a major city, not in Tucson AZ, a major city that is totally flat with no mountains, not in NYC, and not in my home area, Scranton PA, even right next to my girlfriend who also has Sprint but has a Motorolla when her GPS worked fine, the phone seems to prefer to give me an endless "searching for GPS" message rather than doing its job, I lose data connections like it is the primary function of the phone to do so (this requires a soft reset to fix, which it does not always do and which drains the battery significantly throughout the day), data won't send with active 3g connection, charger port has bad connection, and recently phone calls and texts won't go through even with full bars.  This is my third Epic since I purchased the original and I'm waiting for my fourth.  I'm not sure if it's the service or the equipment, but the whole experience is pitiful.Sincerly,----------

If your calling plan provides for an annual upgrade, then this is an absolutely fantastic phone. All positive reviews are accurate, I was deeply in love w/ my new phone. After a year it is another matter, one problem after another & in scanning various user sites I find I am not alone in any of them:- phone (& clock) freezes & can only be reset by removing battery- phone turns off & on by itself for no reason- phones turns off by itself (fully charged battery)- usb connected message keeps flashing after disconnectedSoft reset is virtually impossible as you must press recessed on/off button, volume down & camera all at once. After just over a year the phone eventually turned off & showed indications it no longer recognized charger or battery, just acted like a paper weight. Now back from repairs - has yet to turn off/on by itself, but all off the above have happened just hours after reactivating, including the start of the usb message. User lists seem to indicate the this indicates damage to the "charging port".

Pros:- Gorgeous, high-res, colorful and LARGE screen- Big slide-out keyboard (in addition to on-screen one) has dedicated number keys- Learning curve is short. Easy to understand- Handles apps (like Angry Birds, live wallpaper) that Transform can't- 16 Gb SD card included (can use up to 32 GB card)- Very attractive on or off- Great camera, hardware and software- iPhone-like finger control of pictures and internetCons:- Battery life is short if applications are left running, or with heavy use of apps- Phone is a little large for a pocket (but smaller than you'd think with that keyboard)- I'm sure something better will come along, but you can't prevent that!I've had the Samsung Epic 4G for a week now, and I love it. LOVE it. Let me explain why.Had a 2-1/2 year old Samsung Rant, with slide-out keyboard. It was sort of an entry level smart phone, bought for texting--not apps. It got drowned in the washing machine, which wasn't a tragedy. The phone lost its novelty long ago, and was never useful beyond talking and texting.I needed a new phone quickly, so switching carriers to get an iPhone was out the window. I went to the Sprint store, and looked around. I was happy to find Android phones that looked iPhone-ish, but with real keyboards. The Samsung Transform, the HTC Evo Shift and the Samsung Epic. Liked them all, but opted for the cheapest of the three, the Transform. Thought it was SUCH a jump from the Rant, it would be "good enough."After two weeks, I got tired of "good enough." All of my previous phones had been "good enough." NONE had made me very happy. Transform is a good phone. It's a good texting device. The internet and apps were of course better than I'd ever had. But they were slow, and they were buggy. And the screen was only passable.I finally got my receipt, boxed everything back up, and went back to Sprint to trade it in. I KNEW that the Epic was going to be my choice, but I gave the Evo a shot. Nope, Epic, all the way. It has a GORGEOUS and LARGE screen for one, and I knew from researching online that it had the fastest processor.After having had real-world, hands-on experience with both, I really couldn't be happier. The Epic 4G is fast. It's responsive. It installs apps (or uninstalls them) very quickly. The wide keyboard is great, equal to (but slightly different from) the Transform's. The phone looks sexy when in standby mode, all black except for a silver band around the edge, and the chrome logos. It effortlessly logs onto wireless or 4G. I don't feel like I'm giving up anything, or getting "less than." And the screen. . .I'm not kidding, don't pass it up until you've really checked out the screen.My advice to anyone getting their first big bump up to a real smart phone: Spend the money. If the prices are $100, $150 and $200? Don't automatically go for the cheap one. Don't necessarily go for the most expensive either. But with a two year commitment, think about it. Is a $50 savings worth two years of beeing slightly dissatisfied or worse? I learned the hard way, and had to pay a $35 restocking fee!

I couldn't be more disappointed with this phone. I can't make it thru the day at a baseball tournamment or at work without a recharge. Had to order the double size battery from SEIDIO here on Amazon. Cases are horrible on this phone too. Otterbox is to slippery and the grips to the slider are weak plastic. Seidios cases are even worse, the thinner clips break so fast. Seidio's belt clip also broke, so I'm stuck carrying this bad boy around. I actually got this phone for the keyboard, but once I got it and learned to use swype, I never ever use it. The slide out keyboard is pretty good, one of the best around, and gives the phone some decent weight but honestly you won't use it, swype is amazing.Yes, I've cleaned out all my apps and management my downloads, but battery life on this phone is horrible. The phone has major issues. Screen gets stuck, dropped calls or can't send texts, in covered areas. I have to constantly reboot the phone and/or take out the battery to reset it or unlock the screen. Have had to have Spring reset it twice. Very very disappointed. I loved my blackberry curve in my otterbox. That thing was awesome, but no apps, and sloooooow internet killed the usefulnes of that one. I still use it for my daily alarm.Not a huge fan of Android OS either. On this phone, difficult to make a call, lots of steps required. Favorites aren't as easy at the blackberry numbers.  All I had to do was punch 22 + Call and I could call my wife, 14 was a buddy, etc. That system is so much easier and quicker than all the menu selections.  I don't like the integration with Facebook either. I don't need to call those people but they get in the way when you try to type in names, etc. Nice to have pictures from FB but annoying to scroll when trying to make a call.When this contract is up, I'll be switching to the iPhone. I'm going to wait on the 5.I've heard great things and promises about the Samsung Galaxy S3 coming out this summer, but now that Sprint has done away with their Premier Program I'm stuck with a phone for 2 years, instead of 12 months. So I'm not going to gamble on that phone. My wife and step son both have iPhones with minimal to zero issues (one is on AT&T; and the other on Sprint) so seems the iPhone is the phone to get.Sorry Samsung, I tried. But this phone was a huge let down.

I have had this phone for 2 months and LOVE IT!!!  Having switched from Verizon....I don't look back.The screen on this phone is to die for, absolutely breathtaking!!  Everyone is so jealous!I do have to charge it everyday, but most smartphone users do.I bought this phone over the EVO Shift for the qwerty keyboard.  I actually rarely use the keyboard and use the virtual one.  Big surprise to myself, too!

I have had my epic 4g for about a year and it has posed constant problems. It is a piece of junk really and is not work the price what so ever. Battery last about 3 - 4 hrs normal use, about 2hrs heavy use, and light use about 8 hrs. This phone is basically a cash grab and is very low quality. It randomly activates 4g and wi-fi when I am not using the phone causing the battery to go into a heavy usage mode with out me even knowing. It is also slow and freezes constantly making me take out the battery and restarting the phone probably twice a day. The phones main purpose (Calling) is awful the screen will light up on your check and end the call often. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.The only pros to this phone is it is durable and looks nice.

I purchased this phone as part of a 2 year service agreement with Sprint, which both myself and sprint were expected to uphold. This was my first Droid phone, and I was very excited about my purchase. This was also a early Christmas present, my wife and I purchased for each other (I bought 2 phones). The phone itself was excellent, the display is beautiful, it was easy to use and fit nicely in my pocket. I purchased $100 in accessories for each phone in addition. The case I purchased was a nice rubber non slip case which helped to give my phone some stability while it was in my hand.Upon receiving the phones I initially had trouble activating them both so I called tech support and was told to go to my local sprint store to have them activated. I went to the sprint store and although they were able to activate them without an issue the guy at the store was irritated by the fact that I purchased them online and not from a local store. He had a very poor attitude, and was not interested in answering any of my questions. I showed interest in purchasing a screen protector, but he was too busy watching a movie off his flash drive on the store computer to do anything more than a three minute activation, and physically point in the direction of the screen protectors. Because I was being received so poorly, I decided to leave and went to Radio Shack where they were enthusiastic about helping me, helped me to pick the screen protector I was looking for, and even installed it for free!I brought the phones home and began using them. Locally the service was OK. I live in upstate, New York which is not really upstate at all unless you are from New York City. I am 35 minutes from NYC, not much of a stretch. The service was spotty compared to Verizon which I have had for years; Verizon worked flawlessly locally and pretty good at my house. I decided to go to Sprint because of the free data plan, as I was impressed by my friends Driod, and was interested in incorporating all the laptop like qualities of the phone into my personal life. Verizon's plans are more expensive but this is a typical case of "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!" As I had mentioned service was OK locally, spotty at times, and absolutely no 4G up here at all. My friends Verizon phone gets 4G no problem in this area. The real problems began at home. Initially, I had gone to a different Sprint store and was told I would get "good-fair" service at my house, which I felt was acceptable considering the Verizon service AT MY HOUSE was not much better. They took a look at this stupid little service map that suggested service would work in my location. I did not purchase a phone from them at that time because they wanted me to pay full price for both phone and amazon was selling them for far less. At the initial recommendation of "SPRINT" I purchased two phones expecting service at home. Well there was ABSOLUTELY NO SERVICE WHAT SO EVER AT MY HOUSE. Happy with my new phone itself and mesmerized by the display I spent Three (3) days walking around my home trying to find somewhere to set the phone so I could get at least one bar to receive phone calls, and then I could drive a couple miles up the road to call the person back if it was of any importance. In hind sight that would have been ridiculous, however I was so happy to have this new phone, I did not want to give it up. UNFORTUNATELY SPRINT WAS NOT GOING TO GIVE ME THE CHOICE. WHEN A FRIEND SUGGESTED I GIVE THEM A CALL FOR A PHONE BOOSTER FOR MY HOUSE, I MADE THE CALL TO SPRINT TECH SUPPORT AND THIS IS WHAT I WAS TOLD: THEY TOOK A LOOK AT MY ACCOUNT AND TOLD ME THAT WITHIN THE FIRST SEVEN (7) DAYS OF OWNERSHIP MY PHONE HAD ALREADY USED WAY TOO MUCH ROAMING TIME, I WAS COSTING THEM TOO MUCH MONEY, AND THEY WERE GOING TO TERMINATE MY SERVICE AT THE END OF THE MONTH. THEY GAVE ME THE OPTION OF EARLY TERMINATION AND I TOOK IT SO I DID NOT HAVE TO PAY THE FIRST MONTHS BILL, HOWEVER THEY TOLD ME I HAVE TO RETURN MY PHONES AND EAT THE COST OF THE ACCESSORIES I PURCHASED. I tried to argue that we have a contract to no avail. They told me I should move if I want to keep my phone. I argued once more that their own store told me I would have service at my house, and their response was that this is incorrect,... it is clearly shown on "the map" that this is a dead zone, and I should have never been told I would have service at my location... this was clearly no more than a sales tactic. OVERALL I FOUND BOTH THE LOCAL STORES AT MY LOCATION AND TECH SUPPORT TO BE UNFRIENDLY, UNHELPFUL, AND DOWNRIGHT CONDESCENDING! I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY AGAIN AND URGE OTHERS TO LOOK ELSEWHERE. Worst part of this whole ordeal is that I was out of contact on my Verizon phone which I was paying only $40 per month for and had unlimited texting on. Now in order for me to go back to Verizon I have to start a new two year contact at god knows what cost and purchase new phones.

I had two issues with the phone.First of all, I do not get 4G service.  There is a Clear 4G tower less than a mile from my home in front of the park by the nearest elementary school disguised as a fat tall flag pole.  I drove by them building it regularly.  My Samsung Epic 4G associates with the tower at the bottom of the hill from my house.How do I know this?  Simple, when you can't get a GPS signal your location is in proximity to the tower your phone is associated with.  I would consistently show my location near the tower at the bottom of the hill from my home.  I also get a more accurate location with Google Latitude than I do with Sprint Family Locator.In most of the Las Vegas market, you will not get a 4G signal indoors especially on the Vegas Strip.  I cannot get one at my place of employment nor can I get one inside my house and I'm less than a mile from a Clearwire 4G tower.  Part of the reason for getting 4G and WiFi hotspot is so I do not have to pay $15 or so per day for hotel Internet access.If you check the unofficial Clear tower map, you'll notice that two of the Sprint corporate stores are located directly underneath a Clearwire 4G tower or within a half a block of one.  Sounds like bait and switch to me.Sprint has not retrofitted their 3G towers for 4G in Vegas.  There are two towers in my employer parking lot; one GSM and the other CDMA/3G.Second issue is that the screen developed defects (bubbles underneath the glass) after less than a week of owning it.I'll never again invest in the latest and greatest thing with respect to wireless.  I tried it and got burned.I am now getting heartburn from Sprint on getting the phone returned within the 30 day window.  Customer service has stated they will credit my bill the $35 restocking fee if I provide them with a copy of the receipt with the $35 charge.  Their order support department which is in India does not provide those.  The assistant manager at the Sprint Store on East Charleston told me my best bet was to have the order support department issue me a return kit because of their customer volume and better utilization of my time.There's no point in paying for a 4G device and service if you're not going to be able to utilize it most of the time.I'll probably be investing in a Samsung Moment that does EVDO Rev A since that's the best I will get where I mostly use my phone.I'm only giving it one star because I have to give it a star to post this review.

I got this phone in late November 2010, while my husband got the HTC Evo.  I've had Samsung phones before and always been very happy with them so I went with them again, plus I wanted the qwerty keyboard which the Evo didn't offer at the time.  While the phone functions well some of the time there are certain key issues that make it very frustrating. Here are some of the pros and cons that I've experienced.Pros:Great picture quality, love the apps, call quality is excellent, camera is good (still can't figure out how to zoom on it though)Cons:Battery life is horrible (even with 4G & wifi off as they drain it even more), End call and other buttons don't function well on touchscreen, Email doesn't pull every 5 minutes as it's set to, Added a 2nd email account to the phone and it was mixing up messages - sending ones over a month old to the wrong person, Email app has issues unexpectedly and has to stop, Sometimes I can hear the voicemail as I listen to it and sometimes I can't.The cons are a major problem for me.  The only way I can get emails to come through consistently for any period of time is by shutting my phone completely off OVERNIGHT and the next morning they come in as they should...for a while. And then, they just stop. Even hitting the refresh button doesn't do any good.  I work in a business where having emails in real time is a big deal and this has been a major turn-off for me with this phone.  Also, after adding the 2nd email account to it some really bad things started to happen.  I hit reply to an email and it sent an email from a totally different person from over a month ago as my reply instead of what I had typed.  BIG glitch.The touchscreen is just okay.  I sometimes have to hit END CALL 5 or 6 times before it actually disconnects.  I also hate that when I'm on the phone and holding the phone with my shoulder while doing something it sometimes hits mute or hold.  This is my first touchscreen so maybe that's just a problem with them in general that I have to deal with.I went into the Sprint store this morning (3/9/11) and he said that 2.2 is supposed to be available for download (after the glitches are fixed) in the next couple of weeks.  However, I also was told in mid-December that the email problem (where I'm not getting them) should be fixed with an update in about 2 weeks so I'm not sure how well I believe them.  All they could do for my problems was try to reset my phone which I had them do.  Immediately after doing that I checked my voicemail and again couldn't hang up the call, so....All in all, I would stay away from this phone.  The Sprint guy did tell me that the phones are now coming with the 2.2 software installed so maybe that will help (the problems were only with the update on it).  I was really hoping for more out of this phone and I'm disappointed that I didn't get the Evo like my husband did.

The Epic is a great phone. I'm discovering more useful features as I use it. I would rate it four or five stars, however I want to get your attention so I've rated it one star to do that ( I hope the message justifies the means). I had the Epic in my pocket while hiking in the woods. I tripped on a branch and fell to the ground (typical fall, not off a cliff). When I checked the phone, the screen was fractured and the phone was inoperable. I've taken it in for repair but just want to say that the screen is not very durable, it can be nicked or fractured easily. Given the quality of the screen presentation, this is an acceptable trade off for me--with of course having the wish that it wasn't so but it is. It would have been helpful for me to know this about the Epic or that type of screen before the incident happened. I would have protected it more. I've just never had that problem with the many phones I've had before.

Earlier this week I shattered my iPhone screen, so rather than pay 100 dollars to get a phone I am already starting to hate(IOS4), I went ahead and switched to Sprint.  With ATT I was paying 98 dollars and that is with my 15% discount.  Sprint, I will be paying about 85 dollars which includes the insurance plan.  I have only had the phone now for about 24 hours and after a good wall charge, I am happy with the phone.  More so than I ever was with the iPhone.  The display is pretty nice to look at.  The keyboard is nice when writing long emails.To save battery life, shut down things you are not using.  Hold down the home button to get to the task manager.

The tasks you can accomplish with this phone are amazing, IF YOU DON'T MIND LUGGING EXTRA BATTERIES/CHARGERS AROUND.  Its too bad they didn't make this 2-3 mm thicker.  It would still be relatively thin for a slider keyboard phone, and then it would be at least useable without 2-3 charges per day.  I love what you can do with this phone, but I HATE the battery.  I'll be looking forward to an extended battery.  Hopefully someone will come out with one soon.  As to the phone's performance, others here cover the specs and performance in detail.  In summary, I was utterly amazed at the speed and screen quality.  Videos look like they're playing on a small screen HDTV--the screen is truly incredible (so long as you are indoors--outdoors direct sunlight washes it out almost completely).  The phone is snappy between apps, and darn quick for internet browsing, even without 4G.  Too bad someone at Samsung or Sprint didn't insist on better battery performance--it truly is horrible--even moderate use results in a spent battery after 5-6 hours--leave the GPS on, make a few phone calls, play with the internet for 20 minutes or so, and you'll be lucky to get to 4 hours.  Very disappointing that the otherwise excellent performance is marred by the atrocious battery.  Ugh.

Normally I don't write reviews. This phone was such a huge letdown that I had to write one as a warning to others looking at getting this phone.If you don't use GPS then ignore the rest of this post and go ahead and buy the phone. With some minor exceptions most everything else works pretty well with this phone. I like the keyboard, the screen is great, but if you are in the car trying to figure out directions to Walley World you will be annoyed. Sometimes the gps works fine. Most times it doesn't work at all. The screen will display "Waiting for location"1 minute later..."Waiting for location"3 minutes later..."Waiting for location"Finally"Location could not be found"You might scratch this up for one bad phone right? No. There is 9 page thread over on Sprint's own community forum with other users with the same problem. Sprint refused to acknowledge that there was even a problem with the phone so I ended up returning it and canceling my account. That was about 3 months ago and they still haven't fixed the issue. I was fortunate enough to get a refund for the phone and for service because I did so within the first month of service.The Samsung Galaxy S line of phones, of which the epic was one, was supposed to be Samsung's premier phones. It looks like they still have some work to do.

I love this phone and the slide out keyboard - when it is working. Problem is, I'm on my 5th phone plus one replacement keyboard in less than 1 year. This one is acting up now too. Besides the phone shutting off on its own, the biggest problem I've had is with the sensor bar at the top. After having the phone for a while, the keyboard will not go dark when I put it to my ear. So when I speak, my face moves on the screen and I'll end up hanging up on someone, hitting numbers so it beeps in both of our ears or it mutes. It's very embarrassing to have this happen with a client on the other line! It's to the point that I will hunt down the home phone so I don't have to call someone on my cell phone! I've also had at least 1 keyboard that wouldn't type certain letters - the first replacement may have had that too - I've had so many I can't remember. The first replacement was maybe a month after I bought the phone. I'm not hard on phones overall, so the issue is with the phone itself. Oh, and then there are all of the software issues. The last update was ok although my phone is locking up quite a bit now. My husband got the same phone right after it came out and loved it, which is why I bought it too. He is still on his original phone, although it has started shutting itself off maybe 3-4 times a week and just last night it started making a high pitched constant noise until he shut it off. I have 2 different friends with the Epic. They both have had problems with them too - most with them shutting down. But, my kids both have the Evo. We haven't had a problem with either one - and their teenagers! Hopefully Samsung will get this figured out before the next one comes out..

We purchased three of these phones about 18 months ago.  I am counting til I can swtich carriers back to Verizon and get a new phone with them.  From day 1 my phone would not connect to register it.  The other two both did.  That was just the start.  I have had mine replaced  three times and it is the biggest piece of garbage I have ever owned. It constantly locks up.  I have watched it while sitting on my desk in a locked mode, unlock itself and open an app or dial a contact at random.  No virus's have been found and yes I have checked and checked.  It cannot fing GPS even when my husbands identical phone next to me can.  My daughters phone started doing the same kind of things.  SPrint has been the WORST company ever to deal with this.  They refused even in the first few weeks to replace my phone with a new one.  So I have gotten two factory refurbished phones.  My husbands phone (he uses his very little) is now starting to act strange as well.  NEVER buy one of these.  Everyone I know who owns this model has had the same problems.  Buy another model. Samsung has good quality products but they just dropped the ball on this model  completely.  I also have almost no coverage with this phone while others on the Sprint network near me work just fine.

This is my first smartphone.  I purchased it on launch day (August 31), so I've had four months to play with it.  I'll review its strengths and weaknesses in a few categories:SCREEN:AWESOME!  Apple's iPhone 4 screen is sharp, but nothing beats the super-dark blacks and vibrant colors of a Super AMOLED.  4 inches is perfect too -- it's not too big to fit in a jeans pocketKEYBOARD:Very well done, with an excellent layout.  It occasionally misses a keystroke, though.CAMERA:I almost never take my Canon PowerShot to parties anymore.  The still photo quality in good light is awesome, but photos in low light with flash look a little bit muddy and noisy.  Plenty good enough.  Video quality is awesome -- you'll definitely have no need for a Flip camcorder if you're carrying the Epic.THE SPRINT NETWORK:I have used Sprint for 10 years, but only with flip phones.  Call quality is pretty good, and I almost never drop a call.  The earpiece is a little buzzy at high volumes.  The 3G is excellent everywhere I go -- I live in Houston, TX, but it also works great in Austin, DFW, and Seattle.  4G is spotty and it'll suck the daylights out of your battery if you keep it turned on when not in a 4G area.BATTERY LIFE:It usually lasts a whole day with moderate usage.  Turn off GPS, Wifi, and 4G if you're not using them to save juice.SOFTWARE:Android rocks; there are over 100,000 apps to choose from.  However, sometimes the Epic lags a little when scrolling through the menus.  Which brings me to my biggest beef about the Epic: As of 1/6/2011, Froyo has still not been released on the Epic, or any other Samsung Galaxy S phones in the US.  The EVO has had Froyo since August.CONCLUSION:The hardware (especially the screen) is great, but the spotty 4G network and Samsung's poor software support leave me somewhat lukewarm.  Take a look at Motorola and HTC Android phones instead.  However -- the Epic is a lot of fun to use, and it sure beats a flip phone!Update (1/25/11): Samsung still hasn't released Froyo.  I rooted the phone, and I installed the TrulyEpic Rebirth ROM, which is based on a leaked version of Froyo.  Everything is much smoother now, and the GPS locks within 4 foot accuracy.  However, the rooting process is not for the faint of heart and there's a chance you may brick the phone.  The average Joe shouldn't have to do this to get a properly updated phone.  Thus, I reduced the rating to two stars.  If you want a phone with a keyboard, get the new EVO Shift instead.

I upgraded from a Palm Pre to the Epic 4G, after having been a die-hard Pre user. I've only had the Epic for two days, so it's a bit difficult to not compare the two devices. I'm used to the feel and functionality of the Pre, but as time goes on I will get accustomed to the Epic.All in all, this is an incredible device. It's very snappy with the 1ghz processor and 512mb of RAM. The only time I had a hangup on it was trying to listen to music and upload photos to Facebook at the same time. Otherwise, everything responds nearly instantaneously.The build is very high quality, and everything is very smooth. Compared to the Pre, it's a little heavier and a lot bigger. It also has a very flat surface, which is no fault. I'm just used to the slightly curved shape of the Pre. The Super AMOLED screen is a sight to behold. The picture is as sharp and crisp as you could imagine, particularly on a hand-held device. The screen is extremely bright, extremely clear, and highly responsive. The screen is a tad less sensitive then the Pre, so I've had to get used to pressing a little bit harder. Again, nothing bad, just an adjustment I have to adapt to.The keyboard on this phone is huge, and very solid. I'm used to the tiny keyboard on the Pre, so it has taken me a considerable amount of adjusting. Everything imaginable is on this keyboard (including navigation arrows, which is actually really handy). The keys provide an emphatic click when pressed. The keys are well spaced out, allowing for fewer typing errors. The virtual keyboard is solid, though I haven't used it a whole lot. Swype confused me a little, as I couldn't figure out how to navigate between keys without pressing them. Maybe it'll get better once I've played with it more. For the moment, I don't really understand how Swype works.I've never used Android prior to this phone, so I'm in the process of getting to know the layout and where everything is. Everything I want to do seems to be there, though it may take a couple extra steps then I'm used to. Overall, the interface is smooth and simple. There are plenty of home pages to add links, shortcuts, widgets, and so forth. The live wallpapers look awesome, particularly the grass one that changes based on the time of day. The app market has boatloads of apps, and the phone comes pre-loaded with Asphalt 5, which is pretty awesome. I've played a little with Qik (thought not the video-conferencing part yet) and it works well. I particularly enjoy the front-facing camera and being able to take self-shots and videos. I've wanted to start up a vlog, mostly for my own entertainment, and now I can actually shoot self-video and be able to see what I'm doing.I don't live in a 4G area, so I can't comment on the 4G experience. And yes, despite not living in a 4G area, we still pay $10 for the 4G service. Many people have considered this a negative, and I don't completely disagree. On the flip-side, I look at it as the more people using 4G devices in a given area, the more likely they are to get 4G service sooner, rather than later. 4G is still in its infancy, and Sprint has to determine where the most profitable markets lie. If no one buys a 4G phone (either the Epic, or the Evo, currently) in an area, chances are good that Sprint will save them for later when an interest develops.Overall, this phone rocks. It sports a very solid build; a beautiful, crisp screen; one of the best physical keyboards available; extremely responsive (including a performance monitor that shows what is taking up resources, and lets you close things to save battery/performance); all the apps you could want access to; and a very solid camera with an assortment of photo and video capturing settings to customize plus a front facing camera.Also I should mention (being that this is a phone, after all), that I rarely ever make phone calls. I literally don't think I've made one yet with it, so I have no idea how the call quality is. If it's like the rest of the device, I would assume it's solid at the very least. I've been a long-time customer of Sprint, and their services have improved greatly over the years. So it's probably safe to go out on a limb and say the call quality is good.I highly recommend this device if you have Sprint, are looking to switch to Sprint, are looking to tap into 4G, or just want a Smartphone that does nearly everything.

BEFORE YOU READ BELOW PLEASE READ THIS: Make sure you set aside time to play with this. Your girlfriend or wife is going to hate you for it if you don't. ......haha..trust me I learned from experience.I was a blackberry user for years, and I never wanted to switch. But I wanted to see what 4G was like. Sprint is testing 4G in many more markets than are on their website (Many places in the San Francisco area and Los Angeles). Here is a break down of the pros and cons1. Once you get use to "Swype" typing, you'll never use the keyboard. I bought this phone becaue of the physical keyboard (since I came from a blackberry) but I never use it. "Swype" is great. Go look up a video.2. Battery life is pretty good despite what people say. Since the Amoled screen does not use power with black pixels. I made my wallpaper solid black. Improved battery life drastically. Trust me on this! .....Now if you use 4G it drains your battery quickly. See below. Also charging time takes a long time. It takes maybe twice as long to fully charge this phone than a blackberry and the MaH is only slightly stronger (1500). Use the "Power Widget" to very easily turn on/off things like 4G, Wifi, Adjut brightness. This will help greatly.3. 4G..It drains your battery, and mean quickly. God's honest truth......3G is fast enough. I mean 4G was cool to test out, but it really doesn't make a difference when browsing. Maybe downloading music or video (yes) but how often do you do that. When it comes to apps and browsing 3G is fast enough. I teathred my phone to my laptop, and the 4G speeds were barely faster than 3G. 3G speeds were about 1MB per second download. 4G was 1.2.  Now if you run a network speedtest on the phone at [...], it's fast...4-5 MbPS.3. Customization - Awesome, nothing like it. I love it. No complaints. You'll love it.4. Feel of the phone - Overall a little too thick for me. Once you add it the protective case, that thing aint goin in your pocket. It makes it to thick. So if you like a thin phone, this one is not for you. As I mentioned above, with the "Swype" technology you'll never find yourself using a keyboard. The keyboard also "wiggles" around a bit.....5. Charging Port - Kinda funny that's its on top of the phone, but not a big deal.6. Bluetooth - Great Quality (3.0 BT technology). Good reception from a number of Bluetooth pieces I've tried. It's also cool streaming podcasts /music to your bluetooh. Cool feature.7. Apps - App market is great. Again customizing this phone is one of the greatest features. Apps will randomly start for some reason. I don't know if they suck up battery life or cpu usage. The sprint guy told me they don't.8. Unlocking the phone - PHone has an auto lock. You have to touch the power button and then slide the screen to unlock. Get an app on the market for this called "Screen Mode" to customize this. Now I can lock / unlock my phone by just hitting a button.9. Youtube videos are great to watch on here you can watch them in HQ. Sometimes when you do, you'll have to reset your phone for it to work. I know it sounds funny, but this is a minor flaw. Youtube in HQ is great!10. E-mail and Web Browsing. Seamlessly hooked up to my company's exchange. So much more superior than using a blackberry in that regard. The way you can view the e-mails and attachments are great. Also synced with Yahoo and Gmail. Again. Awesome. No complaints.11. Web Browsing - NO other phone like it! plain and simple it's great.12. The google search feature. I know this is available on other droid phones. But the voice activated or type features are awesome!13. Phone reception / quality - Perfect.Overall. If you can get over the thickness you'll love it.

I have to say that this is the best smartphone ever produced by anyone, anywhere.  The combination of the vibrant screen, excellent design, smooth interface, speed of the Sprint 4G network (where available) and strong android marketplace is unbeatable.  I strongly recommend this phone with Sprint's Everything Data Mobile Me plan.  I am very pleased and have not looked back.

By now, everyone should know that the Epic 4G is a dog of a phone. When it works it is awesome but all six I have been through developed problems with charging and turning on. Three were replacement refurbished phones, with one lasting only one month.Inherently flawed.Darn Shame.

I bought this phone because it had the keyboard which was nice, and seemed to have a lot of horsepower (at the time)Worst phone i've ever bought, (narrowly defeated by the Samsung Instinct actually) so, make that second worst.It turns off for no reason, middle of a phone call, middle of the night when no one is touching it ect.When it turns off the battery is at 40-60% and when it comes back on battery now at 4%. GPS never works. Gets stuck in headset mode with no headset plugged into it.  Out of desperation what with the near constant failures for it to do anything right, i ROMed it. No change, running just as bad as before. No reason. I hate it, i hate it so much i want to set it on fire. Which i will promptly do upon buying an HTC or something.Samsung, stop making phones and tablets, they are the worst things you've ever made, stick with TVs.

The phone is hands down the best phone I have owned thus far.  Battery life is somewhat iffy, but compared to the EVO it is good.  I can go an entire day of medium use with a full battery.  That being said, having an extra micro-usb to charge on the go is recommended.  The phone doesn't have froyo yet, but it is amazingly fast as is.  The build of the phone feels strong and the screen has already taken some punishment with no visible wear (I dropped it face first on a hardwood floor).Getting service on the phone wasn't nearly as streamlined as I thought it would be.  It is not explicitly stated that it will take 2-5 business days for amazon to contact you with the information for setting up the account, if they do at all.  I had to contact Amazon after 5 business days to obtain the proper information to set up my account with Sprint.  It was cut and dry after I contacted Amazon, but waiting that long with no heads up from the company had me worried.Overall, good phone with a good interface.  Email Amazon if you have waited over the 5 days to get them to expedite your service setup.

I added a second line to my account with Sprint, just to try both of these phones. After 1 week, I used both phones a lot. I am by far very pleased with the Epic.Evo is a great phone too, but not practical because of its size and is a battery hog.

Close To Perfection as Android Can Get!I don't understand the big hoopla over the Android OS, but I understand many people want features that are iPhone exclusives without either switching carriers or buying a product made by Apple. Anyways, the Android OS is probably the closest that anyone will get if they want a top notch performing OS, an app store, a web browser that's as good as a PC browser, beautiful threaded text messaging, etc. The Palm Web OS achieved this feat, but unfortunately nobody cared because their phones came in such ugly form factors that were neither attractive nor logical.The Samsung Epic is a stellar phone that comes with a 1GHZ Hummingbird processor that keeps the Android OS running fluid and smooth. I always felt the earlier Android devices were so sluggish and probably needed a 1GHZ processor to keep things from underperforming. The phone is quick and responsive while prior Android OS's had lag time before entering and exiting out of certain features, apps, etc. This is also the only Galaxy device from the Galaxy series that features a full qwerty keyboard.I am torn between this phone because I think it truly has some great attributes, but it also has some minor drawbacks that I can overlook. I appreciate that the phone is lightweight, but it's made with a plastic case that can feel very cheap and that's the tradeoff for anyone who is in the market for a smartphone that is lightweight. However, the battery and keyboard do add some much needed weight. The device doesn't have that HEFT to it like the iPhone. I never owned a phone with an AMOLED display and I have to say that the screen is truly gorgeous and the colors really POP, but at the same time I didn't notice anything AMAZING or drastic that wasn't found on the same screen for the EVO 4G or the Droid X, but I guess the whole purpose of the AMOLED is to save battery power. Despite the VIBRANT screen I still noticed a few pixilation issues when I was watching Avatar and this is probably not the phones fault and more of the way the movie was formatted. When a DVD is copied, movies usually tend to be over 4GB, so reformatting the movie to fit on a phone usually means condensing the movie below 1GB. I'm sure if the movie was around 2 or 3GB that there wouldn't be noticeable pixilations when there was too much action on screen. However, the screen has the ability to almost create a small illusion that the footage is in 3D which i liked. I also tried to play a few YouTube videos in HD and the phone ended freezing several times without the video even loading and so I had to exit out of the YouTube app, but it was unresponsive and took a few seconds before heading back to the home screen. These are just some minor gripes that I had, but the phone is still a winner.I am not going into a long review about this phone that hasn't already been said, so I am just going straight into the pros and cons below:Pros:Huge 4 inch colorful display that is truly VIBRANTSuper AMOLED screenResponsive Touch ScreenExcellent Web BrowserPinch and zoom7 home screen panelsLive Animated Wall PapersThreaded Text messaging16GB of built in internal memoryMicro SD card slot (Up to 32GB for a total of 48GB)3.5MM headphone jackMany preloaded AppsKeyboardSamsung TouchWiz UI added inWi-Fi B/G/N3G Speeds4G Speeds (But not in NYC area just yet)5.0 MP Camera/CamcorderCan record videos in HD formatMicro USB chargerFront Facing CameraBattery life seemed ok (I haven't encountered any issues yet)USB ChargerWall Charger adaptor includedGoogle Voice SearchGmail syncMedia PlayerSwype Keyboard (LOVE IT)Front Facing CameraCamera/Cmcorder has flashCons:Plastic build can feel a bit cheapCamera really should be 10.0 MP at this pointA 32GB micro SD card should have been included for the price of the phone

The Epic is a capable slider phone on the Sprint network. More recent phones have surpassed it in speed, however, so it's of no interest unless you absolutely need the hardware keyboard.I've had an Epic for about a year. I've used a variety competing Android models and Apple's line of iPhones up to the iPhone 4.SOFTWARE:As shipped, the Epic comes with Android 2.3 and Samsung's TouchWiz interface.  Android recently jumped from 2.3 to 4.0, though many new phones not from Google are still shipped with 2.3. Each upgrade brings speed and stability improvements. Samsung's upgrade cycle is much, much longer than HTC and others; the Epic will never be updated to 4.0.TouchWiz is a Samsung 'skin' that adds graphical and usability tweaks to the Android interface. It slows the interface down a bit and makes it look more like an iPhone. You can download an alternate launcher if you don't like it.The major advantage of an Android phone is Google integration. Coming from a Palm Centro, I exported my contacts to my Google account in vCard format. Within a short time, they automatically downloaded to the Epic. Linking my Facebook account had the same effect. Calendar and GMail operate seamlessly, as do the former's reminder notifications. The effect of all this is to minimize downtime in the event of a broken handset. Switching activations with Sprint and syncing a new Epic took me all of five minutes.In contrast to the iPhone, the Epic (and any Android phone) is also capable of using a variety of software keyboards. It ships with Swype. Swype lets you trace out the letters of a word instead of tapping them. In use, it's faster than the Epic's hardware keyboard. You can download other keyboards that dynamically change the size of letters, or that provide a pop-up list of words as you type.Most of the time, you won't bother with the hardware keyboard. It's most useful when you're not typing dictionary words (e.g., passwords), when you want maximum screen area (answering emails, remote desktop, games with key input), and when you want to type something precisely that wouldn't conform to normal grammatical rules (terminal consoles).BUILD:Durability is encouraging. The front facade is all Gorilla Glass, which still looks new after a year. There's almost no friction. The rear has a soft-touch plastic cover that's impossible to scratch with a fingernail. The ground, yes. Fingernails, no. Beneath the cover is a 16 GB microSD card that augments 512 MB of user-accessible storage. Heavy video users may still miss the 8GB or 16GB of on-board memory that comes with other phones. 1280x720 video takes about 90 MB per minute.The keyboard slide mechanism has a strong spring action. The keyboard itself is excellent. The keys have adequate spacing between themselves and the base of the screen and a firm clicking action. The only misstep is the dedicated button for emoticons that should have been an "@" key. Coming from a Centro, I found it a bit large for thumbs. Blackberry users will feel the same; it's too big to lend itself to no-look input. The conventional layout is helpful for typing emails, though, and the direction pad is well-suited to console emulators.Of the three Epics I've used, one had a problem with the vibrate function. Something on the inside would rattle in a cheap and nasty way. There's also some variance in just how tight the gaps are between the screen and the slider base. One phone had essentially no gap, a second was large enough to be disconcerting, and a third was in the middle. With any phone, but doubly so with sliders, check to verify everything works right while you're still within the 30-day exchange window. If you decide it's unacceptable after that point, you'll receive a refurbished replacement instead of a new one.I've dropped my phone 5 or 6 times. The back pops off, the battery falls out, and the phone skitters along the ground. Damage is almost nonexistent. Other phones (e.g., the iPhone) will happily crack their screens from the same drop.SPEED:The Epic has a moderately fast CPU and a fast GPU. The Evo and the iPhone 4 have slower GPUs. Recent phones with dual-core CPUs will put it to shame, but as a practical matter, the Epic is fast enough. All games I've tried work fine. Trapster is the only app it won't dispatch with aplomb.Which is not to say the stock interface is as smooth as that on an iPhone. Android isn't quite as optimized, particularly when papered over with a manufacturer skin. Everything is a bit less immediate. Scrolling will hitch ever so slightly in the interface, and more with graphics-heavy webpages. That exceptional responsiveness characteristic of the iPhone 4 and the 3GS prior to iOS updates, Google and Samsung haven't quite mastered.SCREEN:A superlative, perhaps the Epic's best feature. It's an 800x480 pixel PenTile AMOLED. Let's break that down in comparison to the iPhone 4 and the Evo.800x480 - The iPhone is a 960x640. A handful of recent Android phones are 1280x720. The extra resolution is apparent with web pages zoomed out and console programs. Both are readable, but one will look smoother. The advantage disappears elsewhere. Search 'engadget iphone amoled' for a comparison with screenshots.AMOLED - LCDs use colored elements in front of a uniform, screen-sized backlight. AMOLED screens skip the backlight and use individual colored LEDs.PenTile - Because blue and red LEDs wear out faster than the green ones, the Epic's screen uses an RGBG subpixel arrangement instead of a standard RGB array. Samsung counts two subpixels for each pixel; everyone else counts three. That's a lot of gibberish to say that small details on the Epic's screen are slightly rougher than on the Evo screen, despite their identical resolutions.The use of AMOLED has a few implications. First, the good: the contrast ratio is spectacular. Black is a pure, deep black. Viewed head-on, you can't distinguish the screen from the black bezel. The black on an LCD is, by comparison, a dark slate. Color gamut is extremely high. Colors appear much stronger. They aren't necessarily accurate, but they do make every non-AMOLED phone look dull.Now, the bad: while AMOLED is supposedly capable of 24-bit color (smooth gradients), my Epic shows banding in gradients. It looks like 16-bit color. There is no dithering. The iPhone and others do better with color transitions.Unlike an LCD, power use is directly proportional to the brightness of the screen. Black images use very little power because the LEDs turn off. White screens use a lot: three times that of the iPhone in absolute wattage terms because thousands of LEDs are less efficient than a single backlight. If you're browsing a lot of light-colored websites, the battery will run down much more quickly than if you were just scrolling through a dark interface. This is not a problem that can be solved with software optimization. Full white for this screen pulls 1.1W. With a 3.7V 1500 mAh battery, that equates to just under 5 hours of use, allotting no power to the rest of the phone. The only way to bump the numbers is to lower the screen brightness. In practice, many apps have inverted color schemes that negate this difference.Maximum screen brightness is average. LCDs will be brighter, though it hardly matters because outdoor visibility is determined by minimizing reflections, not emitted light, and the Epic is plenty bright indoors. Outdoors, all three phones are bad, but usable.BATTERY LIFE:It isn't stellar. If you're in Airplane mode with the screen off, it'll last days. With network connectivity enabled and data sync with a Google account, it'll sit for maybe fifteen hours with no use at all, depending on how strong the cell signal is in your area. With heavy use, you'll see four hours. With graphical games, even less. 4G is rumored to take a heavy toll on the battery if you're moving.But there's a lot of room for improvement, particularly in standby time. Everything I'm about to say will void your warranty if Sprint gets wind of it. I've left my own Epic stock for that reason, but if you're willing to get your hands dirty, you can have something much better.ROOTING:All Android phones ship with a limited set of functions available to the user. Bypassing the restrictions on how you can interact with OS is called rooting. With `root' access, you can change everything, up to and including all of the Android system files. The Epic is, after all, just a handheld computer. Were there a version of Windows for ARM processors, you could conceivably install that on it.It's useful to think of Android as a collection of components. The Android version (e.g., 2.3) is a package released by Google with applications, system files, and a kernel that all match and work together. This package is distributed in a single file called a ROM. Because Google publishes the Android source code, the Android community can build their own ROM packages with customizations.The extent of the customization dictates what the modification will be called. If it simply replaces system graphics to give a new look, it's a theme. If it replaces the installed application set and the core system files, which may or may not include a modified kernel, then it's a ROM.For our purposes, the kernel is a useful focus because, on many Android phones, it governs the clock speed of the CPU. The remaining components of the ROM dictate the appearance and functionality of the Android OS version.To change these two pieces on a new Epic, the process is like so:* Restart the phone in Download mode.* Using ODIN, a simple flashing utility that runs on a Windows computer connected to the Epic with a USB cable, flash a pre-rooted Android 2.2 system image.* Drop a new ROM, which is a single large ZIP file, with your preferred alterations on the Epic's SD card.* Reboot the phone and enter ClockWorkMod, a new boot loader part of the pre-rooted image, and `Install' the ZIP file.The new ROM may have: new wallpapers, sounds, transparency effects, customized program launchers, transparent tethering, different applications, battery optimizations, and so on. Custom kernels may allow the CPU to be overclocked and underclocked more easily. These changes increase the battery life to in excess of 15 hours with moderate use. The user interface reaches iPhone 4 levels of responsiveness.I've intentionally left out explanatory detail in the steps above. You can find it all on XDA Developers and Android Central, as well as alternative methods for phones with data to be preserved. The entire process takes about ten minutes and absolutely transforms the Epic. Consider: the popular Android distribution called CM9 brings Android 4.0 to the Epic. It runs far better than any previous version, including those offered by Samsung.USEFUL APPLICATIONS:While not strictly about this phone, there are a few applications I've found unusually useful or well-executed:Juice Defender - Automatically disables radios not in use. Also sets a global refresh interval for all programs that use background data. Major improvements in idle battery life.Screen Filter - This tamps down the minimum screen brightness to improve your eyes and your battery life. It can be enabled as a one-touch widget.Wifi File Explorer - This lets you browse and change the phone contents over a wifi connection with a browser. See also: SwiFTP (better for bulk changes), Websharing (similar).Remote Web Desktop - Wifi browser-based desktop environment that lets you do most major phone functions on your computer. See also: LazyDroid.PrinterShare - Print to any printer over wifi.Opera Mobile - An excellent mobile browser for Android. UI responsiveness is best-in-class. Also features Opera's in-house page compression enabled.Torque - Coupled with a $20 OBD-II reader, it gives real-time stats of every output from an ECU.Andie-Graph - A free TI-82/83/85/86 emulator. Identical to the originals, though you'll have to Google the ROM images for each one you want to use.EPIC vs. EVO 4G vs. SHIFT:If you've settled on Sprint, you need to find a Sprint store to try these phones out. They have different strengths, and what you think you want, you may not. Note: this is a legacy comparison. As of early 2012, the Epic 4G Touch is probably the best Sprint phone.The Evo is thin, blocky, and has an enormous screen. The pocket lump doesn't protrude like an Epic, though you'll definitely see the squarish form factor in skinny jeans. Build quality is high; it feels like a solid object. It's roughly as fast as an Epic. Battery life is equally bad. Screen contrast and color isn't as nice, but text is a bit smoother. The Evo is also capable of HDMI-out, and HTC releases Android updates faster than Samsung.The Shift I tried was simply bad. The Epic screen has the ideal size; the Shift is too small. It's also molasses slow. The Sprint store demo phone was truly awful, taking literally twice as long as or more than the Epic at everything. Even simple things, like grabbing a GPS signal. Screen contrast is worse than the Evo, and color, slightly so. It looks washed out compared to the Epic. The keyboard has totally decent key response, but the top row is wedged too close to the screen bottom. The rest of the build appears cheap and chintzy. The Shift's lone advantages appear to be HTC's update cycle, a slightly more pocketable size, and better battery life.Put another way, Sprint's choices are much the same as they were six months ago: Evo or Epic. For my money, the Epic is the best of the lot, and when rooted, it's competitive with or superior to anything available today. Stock to stock, though, a patient buyer would benefit from holding out for three months until the dual-core phones arrive on Sprint.

Well, I bought this phone thinking I could use Sprint's 4G network when traveling.  I've been in Manhattan (NY) and in downtown Chicago and other places where there's supposedly 4G coverage, but never has it worked.  4G just doesn't really exist I don't think.  Also, the email functionality of this phone is horrible.  I would not recommend this phone for work.  If you need to get your emails in a timely manner get a blackberry!  I have to manually open the email program every so often to check to see if new emails have come in... such a pain.  And, you can't use SKYPE or NETFLIX apps.... so if you want to use either of these two programs get the iphone.  The android market is kind of joke compared to what you can get on apple.  Also, no one can hear me when I use the speakerphone so I always have to put it up to my ear.  Hope this helps and don't forget to like this review so others can know that with this phone you are limited to apps and emails are very slow to come in!

I bought one from Sprint because I couldn't wait the extra several weeks to save $50 on Amazon.  I've been waiting for this phone for a loong time.+ Numeric row on physical keyboard makes real note and contact entry much faster.  I've used Palm Treo's for years for this reason.  Little shifting.- Buttons are not raised enough to prevent bumping the wrong keys.  Hard little bumps like the Treo or blackberry keyboards are as easy to type on as this monster, so the size was wasted due to bad choice of keys.  I'm thinking of putting glue bumps on there already.+ Great display- Battery only lasts if you are very careful with what you use and enable, and charge often.  Phone gets hot when recharging, and once even overheated and shut down due to the back side being on a foam couch (and in a skin) while recharging.  For something that needs to be plugged in constantly, the charge connector is finiky and in the wrong place (top). Expect to buy a couple of extra chargers, one for every place you want to park it.+ Android apps!  Yay!  Free coolness!  Some seriously great stuff.- Sprint wants $30/Mo to enable the wifi hotspot feature, which only works as well as the local signal strength.  For example, don't pick the phone up and use it while streaming music over the hot spot, it will drop out.-+ Will improve somewhat once they get 2.2 on it.

We paid nothing for these phones - Sprint has actually given us 10 units for free just to try them out to see if we want to upgrade our Bold and Tour Blackberries. We have the best support from Sprint possible, they send techs to us if we have a problem :) And still, I can only give it a 3 star rating. Most likely, my review may look strange to you if you a home user, but we get the most modern equipment from Sprint for free all the time to test and I can only say "works fine, very reliable, users like it" or "it is POS, users don't like it". Well, our users didn't like it, but you still may like it even if you pay $200 for this device and then pay for 2-year contract.Pros are obvious - I will not talk about those, read 5 star reviews about pretty screen, 5-meg camera and fast internet. But I had a chance to setup these for Blackberry users (who don't want to pay for iPhones and want to get something similar from the company for free, and want to use email for work and depend on that) and had all of them returned in a week, even after we fixed some of the bugs.4 serious cons:1. Hardware keyboard doesn't have a spell-check (you may be fine with that :). It has some basic check to fix the most obvious typos, but it works only for the most simple things; we had to run a test to find a single instance of it really working. If you need spell-check, like our users, Google for "[MOD] HTC_IME"  It enables HTC like spell-check when you create emails using hard keyboard and works really well. Problem: we don't know if the software is OK to use for a corporate. Was the code stolen from HTC? My users want to know and I can't answer that question.2. Android email client loses connection with our Exchange 2007 server 2-3 times a day (you may be fine with that :). You have to manually reconnect to the server to get the connection back, but you need to know, that there is no connection. "Hey, no emails for 40 min... Let's check... Sure, here we go again..." Sync is not working right sometimes, so some emails just don't make it and nowhere to be found. We have HTC Evos, all setup the same way, and those are rock solid. And no, it is not a bad data service - we have a dedicated Sprint antenna on the roof of our buiding and there are 6 bars even in the basement. Our Sprint rep is aware of the situation and Sprint knows, that Samsung phones have issues with Android email client when using Exchange. The only fix they have suggested to us is to use TouchDown client. We tried that and it is working perfectly fine. Problem: that's a $20 program3. It doesn't work in Europe, it is not an International device - no GSM here (you may be fine with that :)4. Expected by many (you may be fine with that as well, plus some people just hate those boring Blackberries that hold charge for 5 days :) - battery life is much worse than on Evo phones (my idea was that it is very hard to beat, but Epic did it). After talking to many people and using Evo myself for a week, I can say that HTC Evo has about 30-35% better battery life that Epic. I have yet to see 24 hrs of use with Epic (GPS, 4G, Bluetooth etc disabled) - Evo phones can do that easely with the same settings after the latest update.We don't have 4G here yet, but I can't see our users enabling it - they depend on their email working and the battery life is already pathetic.The phone may be just fine for an average user, but if you need a more reliable service, try Evo first (also not an ideal choice) or stay with your Blackberry (that's what we will do for now most likely). For now, all the returned Epic phones are taken home by users for their children. We were told that they watch YouTube and play "Talking Tom cat" on the phones and are very happy with everything :)Did I keep my phone? Yes, but only because Internet is so much faster even on 3G on Epic than on BB, and because we are out of Evo phones at the moment. 30% of battery life is too much for me to pay for a hard keybord on Epic that Evo doesn't have. But as soon as we get some extra ones the next month, I'm switching back to Evo.

I rated this phone 4/5 because most of the features about this phone is great. The sound quality/picture quality/quick.The only few things I dislike about this phone is the front touch screen buttons on the bottom. They don't work sufficiently such as the back button...I always have to push the back on the keyboard. When it falls asleep i always have to slide it open.Not a fan of the phone not being on the main menu where messaging is anymore. But it's okay

THE PHONE PRICE IS A GOOD DEAL BUT UNLESS U USE AMAZONS PLAN OPTION U CANT GET THE PHONE FOR $90. IN MY CASE THE PLAN IS A DOWN GRADE FROM WHAT I ALREADY HAVE, SO I WOULD BE LOOSING OUT!!

I am not an owner of this phone, but I have used it in-store for about 1 hour and researched it extensively online and in person. What you need to be aware of is that the Epic 4G service on Sprint requires a 10.00/mo fee to give you a "more robust" data experience. However, the data speeds on the phone are not high in comparison to other devices on the Sprint network. The Epic 4G averages about 800 kbps download on 3G but only 150 kbps upload. This means that uploading pictures, sending email, uploading videos etc. is almost impossible for anything but very small files. Sending an email with an attachment will take 1-2 minutes due to the upload cap.If this doesn't concern you, disregard this review. Otherwise, you may be better served with the EVO.

I thought I'd highlight the difference between the EVO & the Epic as it was a tough decision for me,-(and honestly all the comparisons online out there are pretty worthless IMO). This review of course is more so geared towards highlighting why I think the epic is the way to go.Price: $50 Price Premium over EVO - let's be honest- for a top of the line device that will be by your side close to 24/7, what's $50?. (obviously a nudging factor, though hey you want the best phone!)Also you can get it pretty much anywhere for much less outside of Sprint.Build Quality- It seems like there's somehow a consensus that this EVO "wins" in having that premium feel. While I agree that other phones such as the IPhone 4 definitely win this over the Epic, in my opinion the Evo has about the same "premium feel" to it. Both have a little more plastic than what I would like. It is also worth noting that other reviewers believe the EPIC has notably better build quality than the other carrier's Galaxy S variants. Many would agree that the evo "looks" more premium, and I can see that. Though let me say that after putting Sprint's black case on it, the phone just looks so classy/premium now.Samsung Epic 4G Galaxy S Black Phone Protector [Sprint Retail Packaging]Keyboard/No Keyboard - Quick Summary: Although Swype is awesome, a keyboard can be a crucial luxury in certain situations. Though as with all keyboards some "keyboard wiggle" is inevitable.  Especially when you have a tacky rubber case, when you take it out of your pocket you can sometimes feel the keyboard wiggle around a bit when taking it out. Though once it's out of your pocket, a case close to eliminates wiggling when it's in your hand. This all sounds bad, though it's pretty minor, just a steady reminder as to why a "slab" phone would be better. Play with both in store, you will quickly decide how much of a factor this is to you.Screen- Epic destroys, destroys, destroys the Evo in terms of screen quality. In fact one of HTC's known cost cutters, is that (some of) their displays only support 16,000 colors (like the Evo). I believe the Epic's is around 4 Million, and of course you probably know of the Epic's stunning contrast ratio. You practically cannot tell the difference between "screen off" black, and black in a picture. Reviewers like to say that this is great for "watching movies" though I have no intention of ever watching movies on my device. Rest assured you can "enjoy" the Super-AMOLED screen in everyday use situations too (High contrast simply is very appealing to the human eye). It really makes the device a lot more of a pleasure to use. It's quite funny comparing the screen to other androids,including the EVO of course.(note about super AMOLED). They use 90% less power when display black BUT 3x more power when displaying white. If you like a lot of web-browsing the EVO could be a better choice as the larger screen is good for browsing, and I believe the LCD will be more power efficient for all that white space.Processing- While the Snapdragon of the EVO's is good, it's worth noting it's the oldest 1 GHZ processor on the market. The Epic's newer Hummingbird apparently is similar, though with an upgraded integrated graphics controller (or something of the sort), that makes it much better for gaming. On a related note the gaming selection is horrible on Android, as IMO the only truly good and polished game is Angry Birds, somehow the iPhone has android still cornered on this front (i blame the kids with ipod Touches). Overall it's like comparing a 300HP car to a 400HP. The 400hp is the bigger beast, though 300 is still pretty blazingly fast and would you really notice that much commuting to work?Android Updates- This is a tricky issue, and the one that I hope somebody keeps track of because this should be a deciding issue. Manufacturers have an incentive not to give updates, as if people keep getting new software for free, they'd probably be less excited to go out and buy another $600 phone. In a recent PR situation, Samsung stated that they "weren't sure" if the Galaxy S is getting gingerbread (2.3) . As you may know the Epic still doesn't have 2.2 (froyo), while the EVO has had for quite some time. While this is not promising, Samsung does cry "administrative issues", and I believe that even HTC doesn't have a perfect record in being clear with updates.Skin- (the thing that manufacturers change to the phone to make it look different). I've heard good things about HTC's "Sense", and I didn't think I'd like Samsungs "TouchWiz", though after using it for quite some time I think it's pretty good with a few smart and pretty touches.Summary: Choose the epic because..... gorgeous screen. The screen is how you interact with the phone, and really it's the "feature" that'd you use most. It really is worth it, the icing on the cake is that the Epic has the superior processor, better battery life, better quality camera,  and it's easier to hold in your hand. The Evo was the beast, though it will very likely be retired before the Epic, and really besides the slightly more screen estate, "slate" appearance, it really doesn't have that much on the Epic.

I currently work in the wireless mobile industry and this device is simply stunning. Everything from the very fluid interface and the awesome and currently, top-of-the-line graphics are the best you can currently get. The power VR chip in this phone rivals pretty much anything out there. Another thing that I truly love about this phone is true DLNA support, which is essentially capable of home-networking to ALL of your DLNA Home Theater equipment. Also, the speed is nothing short of stunning. The 4G on this device offers a much more pure experience on this phone and it actually rivals some DSL and Cable Technologies in raw speed. I understand that 4G is not available everywhere yet, but it is a new technology and Sprint is rolling it out and at an incredible rate. By this time next year, most Americans will probably have 4G coverage at either there home location or a nearby popular place or city. With that being said, in areas where there is 4G, this phone is ridiculous. The touch screen is absolutely fluid and clear. The super AMOLED screen, despite what a lot of critics will say about the technology is currently the nicest I have seen and I have seen ALL the different display tech out there and the colors and blackness on this screen are perfect. Hold the phone up in a pitch black room and all you will see is icons floating in the air. All in all, I have had a lot of time with this phone and it has everything everyone could want. It has the best display tech, it has 4 different ways to type or text and that includes, swype, thumb-tap, voice-to-text and a flip-out keypad. Even with the $10 premium data package, it is still cheaper then other companies with similar coverage and phones and you also get the addition of 4G. I loved the EVO 4g when that came out, but this takes home the cake, for me. This is literally the best phone on any carrier right now and it's on Sprint! If your even considering this phone,don't even read any further or hesitate, buy it right now and whatever your thought is on it, you will still be amazed and surprised if you buy it even if you think you know about this phone... now I just need to add a second one to my cart and I am ready to go!

More of a ramble across a number of areas.. the phone, the service provider, the content provider...  critiquing cloud products almost induces rambling... so if you don't like that.. you might want to skip this review.The good new is that the phone runs Android.  On Sprint, the current version at this writing is 2.3.5.  That gives you decent Android services which you may already be familiar with.  The other good parts are the full keyboard, the amazing display, the wifi/4g sharing option, the dual camera (front/back) and reasonably good external speaker, and excellent internal speaker.  gps/bluetooth are almost givens. Portrait/landscape tilt are fairly responsive.  Removable battery is great for sharing batteries with others in the family, as well as having extra on hand when traveling (which I do 40% of the time - I have 4 batteries, which gives a good 2-3 days service while commuting 10,000 miles between airports.)The bad parts of the phone - software - filesystem - the file system is painfully slow.  Sprint / Samsung chose to go with a file system format that is not designed for speed.  This decision is what really kills the performance on this phone.  There is noticable lag when you use the phone and switch between apps and the desktops.  You must be selective and streamline what apps you run on the phone.  This leads you to becoming a guru at moving apps between your SD card and the phone memory, and also loading/unloading apps.The lag also induces double tap annoyance errors - did it accept my input? or did I miss it?  Since the touch capabilities on the android platform aren't 100% accurate sometimes the lag / tap makes you wonder if the phone accepted your input, and you tap again, leading to undesirable results, or if you are cautious, you wait, and then you are annoyed due to additional lag as the phone processes your request, or you discover your tap didn't actually get recognized.GPS - Sometimes just stops working while in use.. you need to exit out of nav, and back in.. good times when driving in traffic.  Sometimes, that doesn't work. You have to reboot the phone.  Even more awesome...  Good thing we have 2 phones.  :)Bluetooth - sometimes the phone will 'see' the remote device, but doesn't actually 'link' until you have redone an entire cycle of 'syncing'  this is rare, random but does occur.Battery life - you will either tether constantly or buy batteries.  Buying batteries from Sprint stores is nearly impossible, and the market is flooded with low cost cheap imitation (pirated?) batteries.  I have found only 1 reputable dealer who sells the battery + cradle + usb power supply that is Samsung OEM NIB Retail.I have been to no less than 3 sprint stores from Portland, OR to Jersey City, NJ and none has ever had the retail package available.  Given this is their 'best phone' as the one is Portland, OR said (both Corporate and non-Corporate owned stores have said this btw) you have to wonder why they aren't offering additional batteries in stock?Other service problems are that the phone runs on 2.3.5 - Sprint is painfully slow in updating and you will not be happy to find that the built in bluetooth service won't work with external devices as of this writing.  Additionally, the small screen and lack of USB video driver support means you won't be able to use an external display just yet.  Once Sprint and Google deliver updates to the software to support both of these features, you are looking at a fairly stable hardened platform that can deliver mail, web, shopping, banking, movies/videos, social, games, phone, SMS, GPS, navigation, mapping and for the unix guys out there SCP/SFTP/SSH in a small package.So, if you're in it for the long haul, aren't prone to hopping service providers, and want a phone that is reasonable decent that you work around with Google then you have selected a good option.For the price of the service contracts, coverage of 3g/4g, version of the app and ooh, ahh factor for the screen/flip keyboard it's 'good enough', which seems to be what sells in most markets these days.
