
Excelente equipo completamente nuevo sellado y desbloqueado de fabrica, funciona perfectamente en Venezuela, incluso trae instrucciones en espa&ntilde;ol levanta 3.5 G

I am your average un-techie type user. When I buy something I like it to work without a lot of fuss. I am pretty familar with Nokia and Symbian. I've owned various older Nokia bar style phones, and most recently, an e61i(first smartish phone for me) then a MusicXpress 5530.I'll start with the things I liked:The look and feel of the phone: I think it looks great. It is on the heavy side and I like a heavier device. It feels very solid and the weight in my pocket reassures me of its presence with me. If I don't feel its weight, I know I need to stop and find my phone!The camera: Wonderful camera, best camera I've had on a phone. In fact, one of the reasons I bought the phone in the first place.Very good call quality and email. I prefer a qwerty keyboard for texting and the touch screen keyboard worked very well.Ok music player, lots of memory, removeable memory and all the hardware mentioned in other reviews tempted me into buying this phone.Now on to why I'm returning the phone.This phone had trouble connecting to it's own app store(Ovi) I would get "unable to connect to service" messages repeatedly from the Ovi store even though my service provider's internet was working fine.I wanted to read a book(Kindle or Mobi Pocket) without converting anything. I wanted to listen to audio books(Audible). I wanted to stream Netflix and Pandora media on my phone. For $450.00+ dollars I had hoped I could be entertained on my N8, I was disappointed. When the phone did connect to the Ovi store, these applicatons are currently nowhere to be found. This hardware is crippled by lack of popular applications! I keep reading that they are adding more and more applications to the Ovi store each day, but not the apps I want to use.I feel like I paid a premium price for barely a step up from my last Nokia(MusicXpress 5530).

quisiera saber si es compatible en venezuela este telefono ya que dice desbloqueado internacional?alguien que me ayude por favor

I bought this unlocked phone for use in South America.When it arrived I charged it up, inserted my existing SIM card & powered it up.Worked perfectly & connected with my carrier.It takes a little getting used to but once you know your way around it it's easy to use & operate.It doesn't have Google chat which I understand they are working on.Another need is a button to reopen pages you are surfing rather than having to try & tap them open which can be frustrating.One great benefit is that you can see Gmail in HTML mode rather than mobile mode.This opens all your folder links & helps to permanently delete SPAM.The camera & video is out of this world for a phone.We had flooding over the last week & I was able to take high quality photos & video. No need for another digital camera.All in all a great job from Nokia.Just fix the 2 small problems & I'll be even happier

I purchased this phone from amazon 1 year ago, it was delivered on time and in good condition.I love this phone, after approx 50 falls, this phone still works great, with a few minor scratches on the metal area, the screen is still perfect.The camera is fantastic and there are other great apps, just what I need.  I would purchase another Nokia any time.Only thing I don't like is the need to use the headphones to connect to the radio, but otherwise, great buy.Next choice the Lumina!

award winning 12mp camera, free GPS navigation FOR LIFE!, 16gb, and the list goes on.to sum it all up; NOTHIN' BUT THE GOOD STUFF.

I had wanted to make the move to a smartphone for almost a year. I wanted it to be a Nokia, but my carrier did not have them. So I waited till the price was right and purchased mine from Amazon. Nokia.com refers you to Amazon to make the purchase. I did not not want to jump on the iphone bandwagon. I wanted a phone I could use with my existing carriers plan without signing up for another contract. I have the unlimited $10 internet plan, the slow plan for non??? smart phones. It does everything I want to do. I get to connect by wifi for faster speeds. The camera is awesome. The GPS and maps are great. It does everything all the good reviews said it would do and I have not seen the problems others complain about. I have had it for a month now without any major problems. Like most computers, it requires an occasional restart, once or twice a week if I have been multitasking a lot. The apps are not as numerous as iphone, not something I needed. It comes with QuickOffice and will read Word, and Excel files. It is a basic version so I upgraded to the Pro version for $9.99, and it was well worth it. It will also open PDF files. Being able to use a 32g microSDHC card for the camera is wonderful. I know some reviewers said it is an iphone killer, well, it is no iphone, but I did not want an iphone, my wife has one and if that is what you want then buy it, but if you are looking for a nice sturdy phone, with a nice camera, free offline maps and basic internet to facebook, email, txt surf the web etc, then buy this.  If you want to hop on the phone carrier service you can still do that as well. They will always take your money. If you buy it from Amazon, you can now use your American Express and Discover points toward your purchases, so save up some points and let them help reduce the price. Got mine half off, because I just could not wait any longer. I am a long time Nokia phone user, all I have ever had.

This phone is the best phone in of line mode i mean you can use it without data plan build in navigation is like my Garmin,excellent connects to any WiFi, camera maces pictures blowing you away,mini computer with the best OS and newer freeze.Proud to be a Nokia costumer.

this cel is ot unlocked, and I can do nothing with this, the only use for this stuff is to take pictures.mmmmm wwould be better to buy a camera

I moved to London, in a hurry, saw this phone on the daily deal and bought it, after making sure it would work on the UK mobile system. It was, and is, my first smartphone. My Verizon CDMA dumb phone isn'tcompatible with EU networks. But I was in a hurry and didn't do my research.Comments:-I found an unexpected plethora of mobile phone carrier selection. Had I waited to get a phone until we arrived, I could have gotten a dumb phone for 17 including VAT and 10 usage credit. Pay as you go plans are plentiful and can be SIM only, phone & SIM, or one can get a US style plan.-I paid $300 for the N8 and saw it for sale at 300 (say close to $500) in London-however, I could never connect to the net except through wifi, don't know if it was the phone or the carrier-it was very tedious to text on a touchscreen after using thumbs on buttons, maybe a different phone or more experience would cure me-operating system was alien & counterintuitive. will get Android or Windows opsys for next smartphone-ringer was short & weak, dropped almost every call that came in. bad because incoming calls are free-vibrate mode also short & weak and no reminder buzzes-it is cute but that's not enough reason to buy when there are better choices out there****Later. I am positive the 'unhelpfuls' are Nokia plants, as I was careful to lay out what I did and did not like about the phone. Manufacturers are getting aggressive about negative Amazon reviews, as was the case with a $2000 gaming computer my husband had that bricked at one month. It sat in repair shop for over a month, then was told 6 more weeks for computer co. to ship a hard drive. A computer company. The person in charge of low Amazon reviews found his review and the harddrive was overnighted and we now have a working laptop again. Of course I'm sure computer company wants him to revise his review as a quid pro quo. And it's funny because I doubt this model N8 is still even being made by Nokia as it was a POS.

One year after my purchase, the Nokia N8 is dead. It turns on, but it doesn't load Symbian fully. I've tried hard reset dozens of times; I've also tried discharge and fully recharge the phone battery; hard reset after the battery is fully charged. Nothing seems to work. I am extremely disappointed with N8.

This wont be a lengthy review since i had the phone for a day before i returned it, to be honest i returned in a hurry because i knew if i kept it for long enough i would have ended up keeping it. The construction is just beautiful, the look and feel of the hardware is superb, cant say much about battery life since i didn't use it extensively, but i have used the E71 in the past and i reckon it should be pretty good (compared to my Evo 4G!!). Coming to the heart break part, the OS and the touch response of the phone is just not up to par for modern standards, IOS and Android are miles ahead, truth be told I use my phone more for the apps than for any other thing, even calling :) for which i use Skype.These days the UI has to be fluid and well thought out with a mix of widgets icons etc, IMHO it has to aggregate the huge amount of information phone users consume these days and present it in the most concise and speedy way possible, and Symbiam^3 achieves none of those. Lack of apps, the UI is dated, the browser is really awful the notion of using ovi integration for emails and other services is a total non starter and the list goes on. Hope WinNokia can get it right.

Reception: Very good. Has two mics, one for talking and one in the back for noise cancellation, so call quality is very good on both ends. The speaker next to your ear is loud and clear.Body: The screen is glass so you don't need a screen protector. The anodized/painted aluminum finish is sturdy, but way too slippery. I would strongly recommend getting a silicone case or something.Camera: Shame on Nokia for cramming 12MP into a 1/1.8" sensor. I'd be happy with 8. This practice should be heavily frowned upon. The autofocus is very fast but not exactly razor sharp. ISO performance is decent, which is expected for a 1/1.8" sensor. The flash is pretty weak, so this camera has to crank up the ISO to compensate, which unfortunately degrades photo quality. I personally prefer a wider angle, around 28mm but that is just personal preference. That said, it is still probably the best camera available on a phone. Pictures come out pretty bland and soft on default settings. I hate that you can't save the default processing settings to "Vivid" and a little higher contrast. Every time you turn on the camera it resets these settings to factory defaults.Interface: It often takes too many clicks to go places and type things. The touchscreen sensors aren't as well tuned as any of the iphones. I always feel like I could use more buttons. For instance, if you're using the music player, and the phone auto-locked but you want to change the track, you have to unlock it before you can do anything. Same if you want to turn the player off. On my old Sony Ericsson candybar phone, you can press the play/pause button because there is a dedicated play/pause button. If you want to change the track, you hold down the volume button and it changes track, or tap the volume button to change volume. On the N8 if you hold down the volume rocker it rapidly changes the volume. There is also a serious lack of dedicated "cancel" or "back" button, commonly found on almost all Samsung or Sony Ericsson phones. What's the point of having a touch screen you're still only going have two "soft keys" up front and hide most of the options in a submenu?Organizer: I hate that you can't set an alarm to recursively ring on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. Yes you can set it to ring on "workdays" only and then set the "workdays" but I like to have several custom alarms and this doesn't do it for me. The workaround is to set 3 different alarms on the calendar on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and then make them recurring every week. The problem with the calendar alarm is that if it rings and you don't hit snooze in time, it will not ring again. It will auto shut off. Lame. And why, in the Notes app, do I have to click 3 different things to even begin typing? It should be one click. ONE! Or two at the most.GPS Navigation: It takes about 10-20 seconds for the GPS to track down your location. It's great that you can download maps and use it offline, but the interface and user experience is much inferior to Google Maps, and the same can be said for the search feature. So, I just use Google Maps. But yeah if you're stuck in the middle of nowhere with no cell/internet reception, at least you can figure out where you are.Web surfing: The default web browser is sluggish and annoying, but Opera Mobile is a very suitable (albeit buggy and crashy) replacement. Too bad Opera can't do Flash yet but at least it can do Youtube.Texting: The keyboard is OK, not the best ever but I can live with it.Battery Life: With moderate useage it will not last more than 2 days.This phone will not satisfy your thirst for instant gratification. It will do almost everything, just not necessarily as well as you would like. $550 is a lot to pay, but who wants to carry around an extra camera everywhere? I suppose if you are of the purse-carrying variety, this should not pose a problem. Other than that, a mediocre picture is better than no picture, and a decent picture is even better. I think I will keep it, but if I had to do it all over again, I would do more research into other models.UPDATE: 11/18 Just found out about an application called Swype, which makes the keyboard about a billion times better (only works in Landscape mode, Portrait mode is the same).Apparently the alarm can only snooze for ~45 minutes, which is just plain sucky. I like a good hour and a half of snoozing, darn it! I suppose I could work around it by setting a second alarm 54 minutes after the first one... yes...UPDATE: 11/27 Just found out you can set your own scene mode in camera settings and save it as the default scene mode, so yes you can save the settings.

It is a very nice mobile, which i purchased through "Amazon". I thank Amazon to bring a such mobile for my use.the usage of this mobile is very user friendly.

I chose a one star rating not because I hate the phone. I chose this rating because the phone was dead when I opened the box. It was not taking charge and it was totally dead. I eventually returned it to Amazon and was refunded. I've since bought the same phone from another online retailer and it's still goin great!!

The N8 is a brilliant design, and should have been a great phone.  If I had received a working one, I would have given it five stars.  Like many people, however, I received a defective one.  Mine constantly reboots itself, which makes using it as a GPS device, to browse the web, to play games, etc, pretty much impossible.  This seems to be a very common problem with these phones, and I was aware of it when I decided to make the purchase.  I thought that even if I did end up with a defective one, I could just get it replaced under warranty.I'm here to tell you that you can NOT assume that you will get your defective N8 replaced under warranty.  it took several hours on the phone with customer support representatives who didn't seem to have a high enough comprehension of English to understand my questions to figure out how to get around the fact that the "Request a Repair" function on Nokia's website wasn't working.  I finally did get the phone mailed to a repair center in a city that's about a two hour drive from mine.  It was gone for a week, and when I got it back, the problem was worse.  It was accompanied by a piece of paper that has a section titled "Here's what we did to fix it :" The list contains the following items, typed exactly like this:Passed Software UpdatePassed Complete Functional testPassed Complete RF TestPassed Quality InspectionTechnician Comment: verified phone has restart issueSo if this list is to be believed, they ran a bunch of diagnostic tests, which it passed, decided that my phone did indeed have the problem that I had described, and sent it back to me.  Only now the phone restarts more frequently than it did before.  I hadn't had it turned on for three minutes the first time it did it.  I know it's the same one I sent them because it had a very small scratch in the plastic end from having fallen off of a desk into an open drawer.  The only explanation I can think of is that they replaced a defective component, didn't think to add that to the list of things that they did to fix it, and didn't bother to test it to make sure that the replacement part wasn't also defective.  Now I'm going to have to pay for more packing materials and go another week paying for a data plan without access to a phone that can make use of it so that I can send it to them again, without the comfort of knowing that it'll work when I get it back.  The bottom line is that buying this phone is a huge gamble.  You might get one that works or you might not, and if you don't there might not be anything that you can do about it because Nokia rewards your willingness to spend $400 on a product that they've admitted there have been some manufacturing problems with with a completely incompetent customer support staff.  If losing $400 isn't a problem for you, this is a gamble that might be worth it since a working N8 would be awesome.  If not, steer clear.

s&iacute; quieres algo de f&aacute;cil uso pero con clase y sofisticado a la vez unete a la &uacute;ltima tecnolog&iacute;a de nokia

Ok I have only had mine a day so far but I love this phone. I am not what you would call a phoneista because I only need my phone for a few things and I am satisfied (check email, facebook, text, call & a very important one on the list take pictures) well considering pictures are high on my priority list this phone is the perfect fit for me hands down. I was a bit nervous not having a keyboard for the first time because I have never owned a touch phone because of my nails, but after only 24 hours I am getting the concept that a light touch with the ball of your finger will do the trick, that doesnt mean I don't make a few typing mistakes but all in all thats minor.I cant wait to put this camera to the test in 2 weeks I am taking off for Jamaica and I am gonna get fabulous pics and videos. (happy customer)

I bought this phone from Amazon two weeks ago and I've been playing around with it since. In my opinion, this is the BEST Nokia phone to date. Now, before reading any further, I'll give some background information about me so whoever is reading this can possibly relate and continue reading OR not relate and move onto another review:- I'm a male, age 25-30.- Consider myself pretty technologically savvy (career is in IT).- Previous phones: Motorola Razr, then Nokia N95 8GB, and now Nokia N8.- Originally purchased an iPhone 4 16GB, but didn't like the feel of the phone in my hand (Nokia N8 has a better feel), and was not fond of the simplicity of the iPhone 4.- I like being somewhat different and not having a phone that the majority have (although if everybody started buying an N8 now, I wouldn't sell mine and get another kind).- Live in Canada (had a friend bring this over for me) and use this with Rogers Wireless and it works great!So here's a breakdown of what I like and don't like about the Nokia N8.What I LIKE about the:Camera- 12 megapixel camera takes great quality pictures! You can do normal view and also take widescreen shots.- There's a Nokia Panaroma app that stitches together pictures for you! Great for taking landscape pictures!- HD recording is amazing--the video and sound recorded is surprising.- There's a built-in lens cover that automatically opens up and closes unlike my N95.- Built-in image editing (i.e. no need for a Fat Booth app--you can edit yourself and edit even more things!)- Looking at pictures and watching video is great on the screen.Call Quality- Crystal clear. Didn't have a problem with N95, and same goes for Nokia N8Keyboard/Texting- Despite other people complaining about a lack of a qwerty keyboard in portrait mode, I actually prefer the numeric keypad using T9. The buttons are bigger, so it's easier for one-handed texting.Homescreen- 3 customizable homescreens. I use 2 though--one for apps, and one to see a list of my e-mails from Gmail and Hotmail, my notes/reminders, and the music player.Music Player- Very easy to use, FM transmitter works great.Syncing Contacts/Calendar- I was able to sync my google contacts and calendar using Mail for Exchange.Gorilla Glass Screen- My girlfriend prematurely took off the screen protector that came with the phone, and I freaked out thinking it would get imperfected before I got a chance to put on a different screen protector. Now, I'm actually considering not putting anything on it at all. There has been no scratches--anything and everything that has gotten on it was able to get wiped off.Maps/GPS- Free maps and navigation for life! GPS finds my location very quickly.- Ovi Maps is great and is constantly improving. They teamed up with TripAdvisor to give you a feature that will provide information on restaurants, shopping, sights, etc based on your location on the GPS---so you can read reviews of things that are close to you!Battery- I charged it fully before using and then discharged it fully for the second usage.- Takes about 2 hours on an empty battery to a full charge.- I was able to get 2 full days of moderately heavy usage on the phone before the battery ran out.- Now I try to keep the battery charged up as much as possible to maintain its life.What I DISLIKE about the:Call Quality- The other person on the other line sometimes reports hearing their own voice speaking, but I can't conclude whether this is the fault of the phone, or the wireless service, because it has happened just a few times.Vibration- Okay, well this isn't really a problem anymore, but I know other users have complained that when the phone is on silent/pager mode, the vibration when getting a text message is to quick and weak. Well that's because the default "Ringing Type" setting is set of OFF. You need to set it to "BEEP ONCE" and you'll get a nice long vibration alerting you of your incoming text messages.Music- There's not button on the sides to go control your music (I'm used to having accessible buttons like the N95), but it's not that big of an issue for me.Maps/GPS- There is no overview of all the turns/roads you need to take to reach your destination, which I'm sure (hopefully) they will add in a future update.Apps- Lots of people complain about the lack of apps, and so do I. But this phone is still new, and I'm looking forward to more and more development of different apps for it.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase. I got what I wanted in a phone with lots of customization, great camera, and great build quality to last for some time. I hope my review has helped you out.

I got this phone a year back at 320 with some discount coupons and other still going at same priceGood cameraGood GPS2 S/W upgrades Anna and BelleGood GPSGood videoWho needs Apps its for Phones which dont have functionalityUploaded a video i took a year back in NY, Hope the Company can market it better this was undermarketed great product.[...]RegardsK.R

I gave it two stars because the camera and battery life are both amazing.But, the flash stopped working a few months after receiving it.There's really no point in reading this review though, since the symbian operating system is pretty much obsolete now.Go iphone or android!

I got Nokia N8 from Amazon with no regrets whatsoever. I truly love it!I won't make a detailed review of the product because others made very comprehensive reviews of it on amazon, but I just wanted to confirm here that I am a very happy customer having this phone.

I've bought this Nokia N8 because it has thousands of features like GPS, Radio Transmitter, 12 mp Camera, nokia Maps Navigator, MP3 player, V&iacute;deo Player (every file types), and the colour, which I choose!Unfortunately, my belong N8 came death from the box. I sent to Nokia twice. The first time they didn't fixed it at all. The second they figured out  the smartphone had an issue. They couldn't fixed and replaced for another N8, but they didn't have the colour I have choose!!! After lots of calls and lots of months without my new N8, they finally sent another N8 but colour black!It worked, but it wasn't new and it wasn't green!I really lost my faith on Nokia and since then I never bought any Nokia product again and never indicated it to anyone.Cheers!!!

I purchased this phone to replace my provious Nokia N8 that was stolen. What I like more is the 12 MP camera and the HD camcorder. Also the voice asisted GPS is very cool. Very good cell phone for $379.00.

...:::HARDWARE:::...Pro:1. Very sturdy and robust build. Dropped 2x on hard floors and still unscathed.2. Feels natural in the palm of my hand.3. Gorilla glass is tough and scratch resistant enough that you do not need any screen protector.4. Anodized aluminum body casing resists normal wear and tear and can withstand heat. No need to purchase a protective case.5. 12MP Camera hands-down is the best camera phone in the world right now. Beautiful, crisp, and full of details can be taken with various built-in scene-mode such as landscape, night mode, sport, up-close, and even Panorama...)Cons:1. Home button is located all the way at the bottom left corner of the device. I dropped my phone for the first time when I tried to hold my phone (left hand) and pressed the button one-handed.2. Battery is non-removable. But you can still unscrew the two allen screws on the side of the phone if you ever need to replace the battery. However, according to Nokia, doing so by yourself will void their warranty....:::SOFTWARE:::...Here I want to point out that the version that comes with this phone out of the box is Symbian^3. Whereas, the latest update out there as of 2/11/2012 is Symbian Belle. If you haven't updated to Belle already, I recommend doing so ASAP because this is a HUGE software improvement over Symbian^3 where Nokia branded phones were mostly being complained at.From here on out... my review is based on Belle.First off, Belle is BEAUTIFUL! Putting Belle side by side with an Android and iOS device and Belle stands out clearly in terms of color vibrant and icons sorting styles.:Responsiveness:Belle is VERY fast as compared to her sister Anna and Symbian^3. Kinetic scrolling has been improved where scrolling feels a lot more natural and fluid.:Drop/Pull down bar:Swiping the phone from top edge down will pull down the notifications bar with 4 most used buttons: Mobile Data On/Off, Wi-fi On/Off, Bluetooth On/Off, and Silent Mode. Below are your miss call event notifications, active apps, and current data usage. Just like Android's drop down bar, but looks a lot neater and easier to the eye.:Widgets:This is the sweet spot of Symbian OS.Email, Maps Location (ver 3.09), and Facebook (ver 1.5) widgets are speechlessly beautiful. Update constantly right on the home screen. So useful to glance at them for a quick moment without the need to open up the app itself.:Battery:Lasted me the whole day from 7:30 AM to 10:30 PM in a single charge, with heavy usage of music playing (aux connection with my car speaker while driving). Medium usage of browsing Facebook and Nokia Store during my lunch/break time at school and at work. My brightness setting is set to Medium-High. Yet the phone survived the entire day without even hitting the 10% mark at night.:GPS/Navigation/Driving Experience:How do you Call + GPS + Music almost at the same time while driving? If you haven't done so already, download Nokia Carmode from the Nokia Store. Under this mode, EVERYTHING is simplified into 3 most used functions while driving: Call + GPS + Music. 3 huge buttons are on the screen for easy one tap accessing to reduce distraction to the driver.:Social Apps:The new updated Facebook version (1.5) now comes with Notification. A huge improvement from previous version that came with Anna. The self-updating/self-rotating home screen widget is now improved with a larger display and crisper looking. This large display takes half of a home screen now display 10 top recent news feed from Facebook with the scrolling capability for the user to view at their will. The bottom, right after the 10th news feed would now be the Refresh button.Version 1.5 did not come together with Belle update. You have to manually search for "Social Networking Client" in the Nokia Store and download it to update yourself.With Belle, i am now very proud of my N8. No longer afraid to show it off in front of my Android friends. Nokia has won my trust back.

I read about this phone rebooting but thought I'd roll the dice.  Notice above this review that I am a real customer and did buy this phone from Amazon.I so much wanted to like this phone because it is sleek, daddy Google/Apple isn't watching you, and it has a lot of nice features (16GB + memory slot, offline GPS with maps, HD camera/video.)  Unfortunately the phone is just unusable.When I received the phone first thing I did was charge it up.  Then I connected it to NokiaSuite to update the OVI maps.  Disconnected from PC and hooked into power supply and WIFI, did not put in sim card or memory card.  Tried to run OVI maps in offline mode... crash/reboot.  Updated OS (1.1, Anna?), tried again ... crash/reboot.  Updated OS again (1.2, Belle?) tried OVI maps again... CRASH/REBOOT!!!  Updated OVI maps through the OVI store, got further into new maps until I tried to download maps... REBOOT!!!  Tried OVI maps without being plugged into power supply, crash/reboot.  Tried Skype, same thing.  I did however change the language from automatic to English and this helped, was able to make a Skype call, however OVI maps still reboots.  Also ran the web browser after OS updates and this causes a reboot as well!!!I have not done a hard reset because I don't want to lose the apps that came installed on the phone, and you shouldn't have to do this anyway.Nokia knows there is an issue with the phone, but in my opinion they either don't know exactly what it is or don't want to fess up that it is a design flaw, so I don't want to roll the dice with Nokia support.  Many people mentioned sending it in for repair and getting it back still broken.  Working in the firmware field a device like mine is ideal since I can get it to reboot consistently, so it should be a fairly straightforward task for Nokia to figure out what the problem is!!For less money I might have kept it as a science experiment, but I need the cash to put toward a different phone.It is with a sad and heavy heart that I must confess I will be returning this phone.

Best features for the price, excellent screen and a good camera replacement. Symbian 3 is a really good update to Symbian 5th. Another good thing is the FM transcriber so you can play the music in any radio. Good audio quality.USB on the go so you can connect any USB drive and also you get an HDMI port to.You get also a gorilla glass screen so you can put your phone with your keys and your screen will be perfect.The best phone i ever used in my life.Get it now if you want a really good smartphone.Tip: You can connect a USB mouse and keyboard to your N8, if you connect your phone to your TV you get almost a netbook computer.Good job Nokia.

este es el mejor telefono que he tenido es excelente  y lo compre econ&oacute;mico por esta via, todos mis amigo me lo piden para tomar sus fotos.

Despite the constant ribbing from iPhone and Android users, neither such device has managed to pull me away from the N8 so far. The camera takes damn good pictures (others are finally catching up) and GPS plus turn-by-turn navigation without a data plan (yes, really!) has been awesome. The GPS component is pretty sharp too: the refresh rate or processing speed keeps it from falling behind (ever had a GPS tell you to turn just after you pass that intersection?) and the level of accuracy can distinguish which side of the road I was on when using the Sports Tracker workout app. All that and 16GB onboard and room to grow via microSD.Just noticed I neglected to mention call quality -- it's superb, both signal and clarity, both incoming and outgoing. I still use this as a phone, so this is important to me. It also works pretty well for Skype calling, though I have yet to exploit the front-facing camera.This thing was months/years ahead of the competition, and it makes me sad that Nokia didn't market these better. I am tempted to pick up a spare to have standing by in case this one ever finally dies.

Compared to other Nokia's this phone is good enough.Is not the best of the best but works fine if you like to listen to music, send tons of SMS.Using internet just long last a day if you have no way to recharge via USB or AC12MP camera HD video is a wonder.Symbian3 just surfs like the same as always on Nokia.

1. Replaced my didital camera2. I travel a lot abroad and usually rent a car. Great standalone free turn by turn navigation. No roaming charges as internet connection is not required. Replaced my old TomTom. No need for another one.3. Tethering works great. I did connect three laptops to internet using 3G connection using a free app from Ovi Store.4. Sporttracker and wellness apps are great.5. Using FM transmitter to play music on my home or car stereo is great.6. It is possible to fully customize the UI including swipe sensitivity. I use free app called "grid".Peter

Fast delivery.The phone is very usefull and easy to use.The maps app is great.Lots of online content to download to the phone.

Excelente producto, con todos los accesorios indicados en la pagina del vendedor, inclusive el cable usb es mas largo de los que me han llegado en otras compras de mobiles, estoy contento con la compra y lo recomiendo aun mas por el precio, vale la pena

easy to use. sleek and light weight. have the features just that I wanted. not overly priced.Excellent product for my Need

I have used the N8 cell phone for almost 2 weeks now.  Only when I feel it is important, will I write a review.  I am disappointed with the negative reviews I have seen so far, and I want to submit my experiences.  The "phone isn't perfection, therefore it is junk," type of reviews are dissapointing.  Hence this review.  If your looking for a cell phone that is perfect, i.e. flawless.  You're going to be looking for a long time.  I don't want all the negative ppl to drown out such a great cell phone.I bought my N8 despite their negative reviews, and I am very happy I did.I have thoroughly enjoyed my N8, and have been Very Impressed with its features.  It is important for me to say that I have not had any problems with my N8.  I only wish I had this device years ago.  I admit that I am not a "power-user" that expects a cell phone to function as if it were a desktop.  It opens all the (normal) Web pages I use, it pushes my three email accounts, the apps I have downloaded are great.  I can create text and emails 100x's faster with the touch screen keyboard.  It's a true multitasking phone, that does not seem slow, or laggy.  I'm leaving out MANY great features to brag about.  But I believe you get the gist.  I would recommend this phone to any of my friends.

I ordered the phone from amazon. The phone arrived and it didnt turn on, not even from electrical outlet or usb port.When you google nokia N8 problems, you will find that my case is not an isollated one, many customers have the same problem.Bottom line dont you dare to buy this phone.For more references please check:[...]

Just got this phone today from Amazon and love it.I was looking for the security code online and found that the default security code is 12345. As I entered this code it came up with error message twice. Now it says that I have only one chance to change the code and since I bought this phone unlocked I have no clue where to find the security code.Any help will be appreciated.Thanks

This is a major step back from previous Nokia phones. Nokia pc suite is no longer supported so you can't even back up your calendar unless you install Microsoft outlook (which I will never use for anything else). The phone is constantly locking up, the calendar is useless (if you move between time zones it changes all of the times in your calendar making you late or early!). I'm irritated every time I try and use this piece of junk (4 months now). I've owned several Nokia phones including the Nokia n95 and Nokia n86. This phone is a step back from both of those. There is literally not a single thing on this phone that works correctly (for instance if you exit a conversation before the text is fully sent it will send it to someone else at random!). DON'T BUY IT!

I love the phone I am having an issue bt I cannot contact the seller so I am leaving the message here in the feedback. My headphone does not work, how do I get a new one?

I purchased my Nokia N8 toward the end of February, 2011, and began using it the first week of March.  Upon receiving the phone, I was able to plug in my existing AT&T; 3G SIM card and get it set up on their network in a matter of minutes.  However, I found the phone less than intuitive to configure the various apps to use the cellular network until I got the hang of it.  Were I not a technical professional, I'd have found this process frustrating.In terms of cellular reception, the Nokia N8 seemed to be a touch above other 3G phones on AT&T;'s network, pulling in surprisingly clear conversations in areas that I'd previously considered 'fringe.'  I considered phone calls the high point of this phone and previous devices that I've owned from Nokia.Aside from phone calls, e-mail on my handset is my next priority.  I found the N8 forgetting my saved passwords to my various e-mail accounts about every two weeks.  Since I use long, randomly-generated passwords unique for every account, this losing the password flaw sometimes left me without mobile e-mail for hours while I was on the go.As far as apps go, I found a small handful of useful ones, but nothing like the broad ecosystem that iPhone users are accustomed to.  Frankly, the app that I used most often was the battery meter.Finally, on June 13th, my N8 suddenly powered itself off while it had a well-charged battery.  I was never able to turn it on again, despite doing the 'hard reset' sequence.  Google 'N8 failure,' and the top result at the time of this writing carries the headline: "Nokia N8 units are failing all over the world."  The article links to a YouTube video of Nokia's Niklas Savander talking about the N8 hardware failure issue.  If only I'd known sooner.I bought an Apple iPhone 4 the next day, and aside from this review, I haven't looked back.  The user experience of the iPhone 4 is so dramatically superior to Nokia in every way that it's hard to believe that they are competing in the same industry in the same decade.  Lesson learned.  No more Nokia for me.

nokia's allure it's a great looking phone graphics are awesome has HDMI hook up .It has a built in radio transmitter witch means you don't use data to listen to the radio..Great!! It has a built in GPS which works without using data I do however prefer to use my Garmin but if it is the only GPS on hand it is functional. The music player which is a MP4 format is great this is my favorite feature on this phone. The 3.5 mm connector for the head set can be use in my Honda for the aux connector for my car stereo. I can listen to my play list on my phone trough my car stereo very kool !!! If your not a I-phone person but want something comparable this phone works. If your a die hard Nokia fan like myself it's a new toy. I had the N75 previously the charger is the same but the headset is different .This phone does what it's attended for but it does lock up at time but powering it down then back up fixed any issues I was having..Hope this was helpful....Rob

my wife luv the phone......it picks up the signal right away.....i likethe 12mp picture..i don't have to use my digicam....and the screen is really clear....

It was a huge tease as the design caught my eye right upon opening it, the weight and feel just fulled that hole where a phone went, just to press the power button and have nothing happen even after testing the charger......no light indication. I tested the charger on the nokia x2 and it worked perfectly.......i dont blame the phone............i blame the manufacturer for not testing for duds.....because i am not the only one with this exact problem :/ *tear*

The cell phone is working very well, i use to have an iphone, and to be honest, i prefer this one over the iphone, the camera is just amazing, and the broadcaster works very well, i highly recommend this item!!

I can now add this to my list of Nokia Phones tried. I tried it out on both T-mobile and ATT networks. Data wise the phone worked better on T-mobiles Network. Now onto my P & C'sProsCamera Starts Quickly (no waiting unlike some phones)Camera shots were very fast and good qualityVideo Quality was goodVery Solid Build QualityScreen picture quality was much better than most reviewed sites led me to believeOvi Software (slow but can do almost anything) Even imports Itunes songsFree software tetheringConsBad keyboard layoutno portrait keyboardunlike most Nokia phones I had allot of dropped callslocked up more than a few timesstability issueswifi speeds seemed a little slowWhen and if this phone ever gets a quality software update from Nokia to fix some of the stability issues amongst a few other things it could be a great phone. Right now if your looking for a camera phone then this is it definitely.

I bought  defective Nokia N8 here at Amazon and tried to get it repaired. Filled up the required form and waited for shipping labels for a week. The phone is under warranty. The phone kept on restarting and becoming an annoying piece of crap. The shipping labels should be sent to me via e-mail but waited for nothing. So called customer support and directed to a call center in the Philippines(the only one they have)It could have been pleasant bec. the response was quick and promised me they will provide me the items I need to get it shipped for repair.Waited for hours and checked e-mails, hours become days with no answer. Made a follow up e-mail to US support and received an apology for the inconvenience. But I don't want any excuses all I need is to get this phone shipped for repair. Then I get a message from Nokia to call a specialist to take care of my problem,her name was Joyce and spoke to her and she promised to take care of my problem and assured me she will personally e-mail me the shipping label  to get my phone shipped. She promised me she will do a follow up call to make sure I received the things that I need to get it shipped, unluckily the Nokia phone I was using restarted and ended our conversation. I waited again for the promised shipping instructions but they lied to me again. Called back Joyce the next day and my called was received by her co-worker and assured me my call will be returned.But no return call from her. I have this phone for almost two weeks now and still have this constant restarting.

I really wanted to keep this phone, but it's disappointed me time after time so now I'm going for an Android. I upgraded from a Nokia N82, so I am pretty familiar with the symbian platform. But even compare symbian^3 with iOS and Android, it falls very very short on the usability standard. Below is a list of my rants:1. My face hangs up the call very often, the proximity sensor is installed on the right side of phone, so it is even easier to hang up the phone with your face if you hold the phone in your left hand.2. The camera is 12mp, but image-stabilization is very poor. I swear my 3 years old n82 takes overall better picture than n8.3. I can type pretty fast with t9 on the alphanumeric keyboard, but its text prediction just sucks. When I type in "was", it comes out as "Zar" and other strange word choices. The phone also has a tendency to prioritize capitalized words in the middle of the sentence, such as "And" instead of "and", "Good" instead of "good", and etc. The landscape QWERTY keyboard works well if you turn on autocorrect.4. The built in web browser is pretty bad, so most people opt for Opera mobile instead. But native applications still automatically open the native browser.5. Ovi Map is hard to use, the check in option can rarely locate the store or restaurant I'm in.6. NOkia has ditched Symbian for Microsoft, so don't really expect there to be much upgrade in the future.7. Lack of app developers for symbian.8. The phone hangs and freezes too often. There have been several times that the touch screen becomes unresponsive when I tried to answer an incoming call.Overall, it is entirely the software that is to blame. The hardware is very good. It would be the ultimate phone if it runs Android instead of Symbian.

UPDATE:  After having my phone for about a month, a week into 9 weeks which I will be in India (for which I really needed my N8), my N8 has died. Shamefully, NokiaUSA will not offer any warranty support in India- not even credit for the difference they save by not having to repair my phone. This is honestly, especially for a global phone, disgraceful. In fact, I really can't afford to pay out of pocket for what is a manufacturer defect.  I am presently trying to beg and cajole every Nokiacare or Nokia representative I can find- simply to get support for my ONE MONTH OLD phone. The reason for updating my review so harshly, which I would not if this was a rare defect, is that in my online research this appears to be a very common motherboard defect. Especially in such instances of a known defect, they should make exceptions for a Nokia customer who is abroad. I figured it is only fair to update my review to 2 stars. Since my review (below) my experience has only been more and more positive with the phone, until this breaking. But for this kind of issue I think I should be getting support (it is worth noting the local Nokia store has been very kind and helpful, but cannot do much). So a final honest review will depend on what kind of support I actually get from the company in the next weeks, to give a full picture of the N8 product._____________________________UPDATE2: For me, it was a matter of contacting the right people in Nokia. I'm frustrated I hit walls at the early levels of customer support, but I was lucky to meet helpful people at their social media areas. I was redirected to people who were able to clear me getting help in India, where the N8 was fixed a few times (the dead symptoms would reappear). I was grateful to be able to use the phone for then majority of my time in India. Unfortunately I did have to send my phone back when I got to the U.S, for which amazon was helpful despite my extended delay. So all in all, I still love this phone, I just have to report bluntly that I had problems that are apparently isolated to a small run of the N8s. Still, it's frustrating when you get that rare problem.___________(Original review below)I want to keep my review relatively short because I'll go over board explaining the minute details of my reasons for wanting the N8. The short story was it was the combination of hardware and looks I really thought were perfect, but I was very nervous whether it would be usable or not. I've had it now for a week, as a gift from my parents (hence not amazon verified- but I've reviewed a few other items).To respond directly to the fears about crashing. I had two lockups the first day while I was simultaneously downloading and installing 5-6 apps at a time from the store. Since then, I have not had a single problem while heavily using it for the last week.  In fact, everything is better than I expected- even perfect. So this is a sweet relief, because I anticipated problems until the Anna update (coming soon). It should only improve symbian interface, which works very well for me.To give my phone background: I'm relatively geeky about my phones. Nokia phones have a certain feel to them for me, and although I was very seriously considering other phones, I realized the N8 was the first phone I felt could seriously do everything for me. I needed a phone to do GPS navigation offline (I don't have a data plan, $$$, and backpacking there aren't always cell towers), serious connections via wifi, and versatile camera use. The camera is N8 is exactly what I hoped. The pictures look nice but not too special on the screen, because the screen is *not* as high resolution as the iphone, but the actual photos are *much* better. This is quickly realized when you look at them on the computer. Other phones with reasonable 5mp cameras and mediocre (smaller) sensors do in fact look good-ish, but the N8 hits the threshold for photos that I actually really want to keep for the photo,  not just the photo representing something. What I mean, is the actual photo can stand on it's own with the N8, and that's not rarely the case with other cameraphones.  What this paragraph is supposed to explain is that I'm incredibly happy with how much the phone has filled the role as an attractive and versatile phone for my uses. It has great hardware; I haven't seen any of the fears I had realize (nope, the cpu is perfectly fine).To give some suggested apps. These apps really make everything come together.No.1 SWYPE (free). You should get this app. It's an amazing innovative text input app that is essentially T9 predictive input on a new dimension. You slide your fingers over the letters, and it "magically" figures out which letters that your finger slid over you wanted and which were not needed. On a level  above anything else. I am slower typing with regular touch than I was on my previous physical phone keyboard (E71), but with this I am in fact as fast or usually faster. That is a *big* deal for touch screens.(In no other particular order).Opera Mobile (free) (good browser)Joikuspot Lite (free) (lets your phone broadcast it's internet as a wifi AP)Sports Tracker (free) (Great for getting GPS routes of your run, and other sports gps functions)Astroller (1.99) (Shows you constellations! Surprisingly nice to know whats in the sky)Fring (free) (Great IM integration and voice / video calls)Panorama (free) (for those rare times taking a panorama picture, it helps)All Format Writer (free) or LightNotePad (free): **I can connect a usb keyboard (or bluetooth) to my phone via USB-on-the-go and use these as word processing tools. Will save computer battery life on flights, and in general is very nice. I tested it with a keyboard and works fine**EpocCam ($4.99). (My computer doesn't have an integrated webcam, this makes it very easy to use the N8 via usb cord).Nimbuzz/Vlingo/Skype (free) [Good VOIP calling apps]GvDial [Google Voice Dialer, helps with google voice]Yep, I use a few more apps for specific uses. But these were the more universally awesome apps.P.S*Works great for playing music*Battery life &lt;E71, but MUCH better than almost any other smartphone. If you're coming from an iphone/bb, you will be very happy. Also has good power savers mode. Combination of big battery and more efficient OS.*Comes with surprisingly nice headphones! I have portapros and a pair of expensive seinheisser in-ear, and these aren't as good as the latter, but in fact quality buds (nicely styled as well).Phone comes with a substantial number of cables and connectors. Everything you need.

Mis comentarios del Telefono. Por lo general es muy poco el tiempo que tengo utilizando el tel&eacute;fono pero a medida que lo utilizo las aplicaciones y la operatividad del mismo me doy cuenta que es un tel&eacute;fono bueno.Una c&aacute;mara de alta definici&oacute;n, La conectividad es excelente con USB, la salida HDMI a la TV fant&aacute;stica as&iacute; como tambi&eacute;n el sonido. Lo puedo utilizar para movistar, Movilnet en Venezuela con redes 3G, as&iacute; como tambi&eacute;n en Telcel de M&eacute;xico. Excelente recepci&oacute;n de la se&ntilde;al, manejo e correos, domentos, hojas de c&aacute;lculos etc.Pero no todo es felicidad la bater&iacute;a es muy poca la duraci&oacute;n se agota demasiado r&aacute;pido. Mas adelante a medida que lo vaya utilizando observar&eacute; las ventajas y desventajas del tel&eacute;fono.

This Nokia N8 Unlocked is one of the best products from Amazon, this is great phone and great service from Amazon.

I love the nice look and feel of the phone. But that's the only good thing I can say about it. The major problem is the phone won't turn on when I plugged it into the charger. I went to different forums to find a fix but nothing works. I also had try to plug it to my computer but nothing happen either. Apparently this is recurring problem in many N8 phones. If the battery is left completely drained out (as in sitting in the sealed box for too long), the battery won't take a charge at all. I really wanted to give this phone a try since I had read many good reviews about it. I wonder why Nokia can't fix this simple problem with its flagship phone.

Hello this review has been updated and lowered in rating.  We have 2 N8s and both of them froze and died.  This is a problem for many people and I would not recommend this phone until Nokia fixes this issue.Here are my pros and cons about this phone.  I have owned a lot of top smartphones, so I figured I would highlight what I find excels and what lags current crop.  Overall it is a very good phone.Pros:Camera - The camera is pretty much perfect.  You can tell they put a lot of time into it because the software works well and the pictures are great.  There simply is no better camera out there on a phone.Construction - This is a very attractive, and study phone.  I have no doubt it will last a long time, it is very nicely engineeredBattery Life - Battery lasts longer than any other smartphone I have used.Memory-  People criticise the lack of ram, but I have not run out of ram ever, and actually having more ram wastes battery.Radios - Pentaband phone, not very common.  This will work everywhere on earth pretty much.Navigation - Free, no data connection needed and works very well.  GPS works better than any other phone I have used. Syncs fast and works even without view of sky.Sports Tracker - It is awesome!OMAP processor - Do not listen to MHZ junkies, this processor is very nice because it handlesConnectivity - This phone is the first one I have ever had that switches between Wifi, 3G etc seemlessly and shuts off data when phone not in use.  Very well done.HDMI out/video - works well and default player plays nearly any format you throw at it.  even MKV files.ConsWeb Browser - After using the maemo browser on n900 I realize how good mobile browsing should be.  The default browser sucks bad.  I know they are coming out with update, but that is no excuse, should ship with good browserOn screen keyboard - It is terrible, Opera mini did it right on N8 why can nokia not do it.Screen - The resolution is relatively low for modern smart phones.  It looks very nice, but when you view pages zoomed out text is garbled due to lack of resolution.  I have pretty good vision so I like to read tiny text rather than zoom in.UI - Symbian is a perfectly fine OS, but the UI is inconsistent.  Some areas you hit enter to have setting go, some you have to hit check then ok, some menus go away when you touch shaded part etc.  Nothing is consistent.

This phone can do everything its users asked it to do, it very stable, call quality is fantastic, very easy to use. The gps is so fast and turn by turn navigation is so great and best of all its free for life, wow. big up nokia and its n8

After installing all the upgrade, this turns out to be an excellent and stable smartphone. I got all the app I needed (skype, gtalk, msn, facebook, twitter), youtube works good with flash lite... I got all my contacts from google with mail for exchange... yeah! it's not as cool as android or windows phone 7, but I got all I needed on the road.

Good Points:-Magnificent camera, I mean, I have never seen anything like it, worth the price for the camera alone, crystal clear sharp images-Nice music player-lots of storage space-The beauty of FM transmitter, i can listen to my music on any FM radio,(i usually use it in my car, no cables, no fuss)-great to have 3 home screens you can customize and swipe trough easily-OVI store is quite nice-Beautiful Calendar, I use this a lot to keep up with my schedule-Excellent to use as modem when you want to connect your pc to the internet using your phone. Where I travel this comes in veerry handy-Great to have your favorite contacts on your homescreen, complete with pictures and one touch dialing-Nice to see a scroll of your friends posts complete with pictures on facebook without having to enter the app-You can see web pages as they are, complete with flash-the phone summarizes conversations via sms, internet or other apps in "Conversations" where you can keep easy track of what was said, like a chat-You can install whats app, skype and many others to connect and chat for free using your internet connection or wi fi-Video quality and playback is a dream, crystal clear high def-HDMI connection is out of this world (you can look at movies from your phone to the tv in high def...gorgeousBad Points:-No flashlight in video mode when you want to record at night (unless im missing something)-Facebook app sucks, cant see notificacions in there when people comment on your posts or you comment on theirs-Seems the Simbian operating system is not as it should be, not user friendly at all, has a lot of room to improve-Cant remove battery in case of emergency

The phone lived up to all my expectations but then I am biased in favour of Nokia. It was an easy transition from my old C7 and I would recommend the N8 for ease of use.

I was in need of a new phone, as my old dumb phone was falling into pieces.  I researched online and looked for something with a great camera, touch screen, and something that doesn't require a data plan.  My search led me to the Nokia N8.  It gave me what I wanted.  The 12MP is killer.  I've been taking lots of pictures with it and the quality is phenomenizzle.  I love how I can turn of 3G and just use wifi to do online things on the phone and I don't have to pay a penny for data.  I love the touch screen and all the useful apps I've downloaded so far.  Nokia N8 is the perfect phone for my needs.

Very good phone, I just updated to Symbian ANNA and enjoyed more with new features, many apps. Best phone I ever have. recommended

I've had my Nokia n8 a bit over half a year now. It works great when I'm either in Europe or America. I took all my vacation pictures using it, as well as video, and they tuned out great! I shared them via the HDMI cable with family. I constantly listen to the internet radio with it, and have about 12gb of music I listen to everyday. When I go for a run, I have an app that tells me where I've gone, how far, and how many calories I've burned. I have games, but I rarely have time to play them. What don't I have? It's been an amazing ride so far with it. I had an issue that it would freeze, but it was fixed by soft resetting it. I found my phone, and I love it-- even it's sometimes quirky behavior (rarely happens). Yes, I can safely recommend this phone. I've come to appreciate using Symbian after hearing about those tracking and privacy things lately. Although, I payed the full 550-- I don't regret it. I hope to keep this phone for a long time-- it does everything. Now that I am used to the Symbian^3, I love it as well-- I can quickly navigate to whatever I need and it's quite customizable. Looking forward to the Symbian Anna update!

I'm so glad I chose this phone. I really cannot complain. Great at multi-tasking. Super camera. Still getting familiar with the audio player, not sure how to make playlists. I guess it's a matter of time.

At last I recieved my Nokia N8, just tried it for 48 hours, I nearly checked all the functions as I'm used for Nokia smart phones so it was not difficult to set up, update the device at no time, the device looks very elegant, robust, I was affried only if the problem of power hanging will affect my device, it never resetted by itself as happened to some who bought it. The screen is clear and crisp, camera and video are just fantastic, GPS and novi maps worked fine, I did try majority of the functions seems to be ok till now,battery life is very good some of the CONS:1- Screen gets too smudged with finger prints but I guess all touch screen are similar.2- It is a bit hard to take out the SIM card, but at last I managed, you have to apply little bit of pressure on the card to remove it.3- The UI is a bit slow if compared to iphone4, but I had also no problem with it at all.4- Bought at 549 $ and now 450 $, but this is normal if you buy a new device at it launch.Conclusion:It is a very good smartphone and I think with the the new firware it will be awsome.Will provide later when I fully use the phone with my observations.After One Month of Use:Great Phone, no issues what so ever awaiting for the new firmware, installed many 3rd party software without an issue so far, awaiting for the new software shortly.

Phones "Made in Mexico" usually are defective. For example, the touch screen does not work. Also a wine without the bottom cover black "Made in, etc." Much more when you buy multiple units a month. Very disappointing!!

Used this phone for about 20 days & to be honest, I was looking for an excuse to keep it...But i returned it at last...Pros: Great design,Cool camera for daylight,Sound quality is good.Cons: Applications run slow, shut down in the middle of the function,WiFi is horrible, it cuts itself off from the internet, could not use an uninterrupted internet using WiFi.Night photograph quality is not good.Could not run two applications at the same time without getting stuck.There are some other features i did not like but that is my personal opinion. Anybody may like those.I am not sure that whether the one that i used had these problems or all of the Nokia N8 phones have the same problems. I have been using Nokia phones since 2000 and this was my first touchscreen phone from Nokia. I was really looking forward to use this phone.

they send me a wrong charger. Its for europ, and i nedet for USA.How im going to chatgit? Or What can i do? and i nedet one for 110v how can i geit?????? tanks.

I've bought one N8 because of the stunning hardware. Big mistake. After using it for 3 weeks, it discharged and never worked again. After some search in the internet  i found that is a very common issue on this telephone ( google 'n8 dying' ). Service is not good as well. Several users reported sending the telephones back to nokia several times to tesolve the issue. Mine case is even worse, because i bougth the telkephone in a different contry from which i live in and the official service told me that i have to bougth a new phone because this issue cannot be repaired (or to repair is the same cost as to buy a new phone). So in brief, don't be fooled by the phone specs and go for an iphone or htc.

I was one of the few around the world that got one of the bad N8's (the phones that would freeze and power off all by themselves) However after Amazon speedily replace the faulty phone I've been been using the N8 to its full capacity. So far I'm pretty pleased. The OS hasn't the finesse of the iphone4 or the level of customization of Android, but once you've set up the phone to your liking the phone manages the day to day work & play stuff very well.Setting up different email accounts is all too easy, putting you itunes music on the phone is a breeze, the ease of texting, calling are all simple. Even the the facebook Twitters will be happy. The Ovi app store is a little thin on the ground and there are a few omissions from the software (no portrait qwerty yet), but hopefully that'll improve over time. The OS is a little clunky at times and menu items can be buried a little too deep, but again once you've found where everything is the extra thumb tap is soon forgotten.The Hardware, look and feel of the phone is simply gorgeous, people will stop you and ask "what  type of phone is that"

Idiots are putting in the wrong size SIM cards and forcing them out and breaking the SIM card metal contacts!Then returning them to Amazon, who is in turn reselling them completely worthless (used). Unknowing of why they were returned in the 1st place!!!!Beware of this issue PEOPLE! RTFM!!!!I've bought 3 now used like new that do not detect the SIM card, waste of time.

I have had this phone over two weeks and have not had any problems with it. I have been a Symbian user for the past five years. So switching to Symbian 3 was an upgrade. Firstly, the phone feels great in the hand and looks amazing. I have been asked by many people,what kind of phone it is. The 12MP camera takes excellent pictures and records 720P HD video. The voice guided gps on the phone is amazing and can work in offline mode. The only problem i had on the phone was the os was a slow at times, but fixed this by installing SPB shell from the ovi store.  SPB shell makes the phone easy to use and gives the phone an android look.The original browser is slow when opening full sites, but this was fixed by installing opera. The FM transmitter is spectacular, i can listen to the music on my phone while driving. The phone has lot of features which other phones out there lack. I recommend installing SPB shell on this phone as it will make accessing phone features really simple, especially if you were an apple or android user.  The best part about the phone is the battery life, even after heavy use at the end of the day. I also use swype for texting on this phone, which is very effective and quick.

Camera is awesome!!!!no distortion, purple fringing and sharp corner to cornerSuperb video!The sreen superb, bright and colorful, easily seen in daylight.The battery last far longer than that in any other smartphone I have used.Ovi Maps are a Godsend, superb navigation.Call quality is rigt up there with the best.Ovi Store is less well stocked thant Android or Apple.Big Deal I use my pone as phone and not a toy.Music player is awesome, slick and fast.The Browser is less refined than I would like.

I see a lot of people complaining about this phone and telling how good the iphone is... well.. you can have an iphone... go for it. but remember to get 800$ for the factory unlocked version... or stick to a contract for 2 years.i see a lot of people complaining cuz they see how good the android phone are.. but wait... how much do you have to pay for an android with a decent camera (and believe me... the nexus s and nexus one camera both sucks) with 16gbites of memory (expandable to 48). for the androids you have to research if the phone that you r buying will be supported with the next updates (i don't have to worry about it with my n8).and you have to search for the phone that came with flash and frontal camera (nexus one or galaxy s don't comes with it), or a phone that can record a video in 720 (nexus s don't do it), i just wanna phone that have that all.iphone don't have hdmi ports (you can use it to show pictures and movies in family partys for example) or you cant expand the memory so you cant load the phone with ALL your music and pictures... and maybe one or two movies.i can do it... and i can do if FOR A HALF OF THE PRICE. i can take panoramic pictures, i can listen the radio... or listen my music on the radio, i can use skype, whatsapp, grooveshark, shazam, fring and more apps like android and iphone for A HALF OF THE PRICE.the screen.. yes maybe its smaller and it have less pixels per inch... BUT ITS LOOK GREAT i ask to my friend that have and iphone, and they say me that its look good, nice and brilliant colors maybe not better than their iphones but... IT COST ME A HALF OF THE PRICE.all the people that i call can listen to me loud and clear (i can say that not all the android can do that)i buy this phone cuz i want a phone to see my emails, facebook, twitter, play games sometimes (angrybirds and fruitninja), take good pictures, listen music... but then my friend start to comparing with their phones and every time we start the discussions i realize that i like more and more my phone cuz IT GIVE ME ALL!.i understand all those people that give bad reviews to this phone because hardware failures, but its unfair to compare it to a phone that cost 2x the price a give a bad reviews cuz the "screen its small" or "it should have a better processor". (mine cost me 370$).if you find an unlocked android/iphone, with 12mp camera (and frontal camera), 16gbites of memory, hdmi port, 720 hd video recording and all the features that this phone comes with for 370$ DON'T BUY THIS ONE.

1. UNLOCKED AND UNIVERSAL quad band gsm- can be used anywhere in the world- 20 dollar cheaper every monthly payment (no contract)- saving $480 for a 2 yr contract, and i sold my nokia 5800 for $100= $580 In short, i got nokia n8 for free with extra $30 and no contract!!2. FREE gps navigation- ONLY Nokia does it3. the best- 12MP camera with a dual flash- it can be used a flash light. tried with iphone 4...uh4. battery life superb- effing 50 hrs of music play! dude, battery life in vibrant..uh5. HARDWARE- extremely solid, no overheating. i used htc incredible... get overhearted easily, now it's broken!6.Dolby stereo surround sound system with 50 hrs of music play... really good.symbian 3... here we go... i would give 4 out of 5... it's not as fancy as os or android...but a lot of apps are free and not restricted at all.People question GPU of nokia n8... try to use nokia n8 and then tell me.  why do u think AMD CPU spec is lower than Intel but much faster? Nokia made symbian as well as graphic and memory card all intergrated very smoothly that it's actually faster than htc incredible.p.s. although i am from south korea... but i prefer nokia better than samsung, htc. apple or lg. why? because you feel so much at ease with nokia phones.  gorilla amoled touch screen with aluminium cover..I love nokia!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought the Nokia n8 after missing out on the pre-order, which I am glad happened.  I saved 150$.  This phone is a nice change from the n95 8gb I had.  It has a better camera, and a bit more internal space.  The browser is just as bad as ever, however, OperaMobile is available and a nice add on.  I will probably have this phone for 4 years, just like my last Nokia.  Looking forward to using it when I travel for work (worldwide)

I bought this mobile phone last summer and I was fascinated with the touch screen, camera, and the additional features downloaded from OVI Store.Around the months, I noticed that one problem with this N8 is the processor; it is too slow to manage all the features of the device. Several times I had to reset (turn-off and turn-on) my N8. Several times I had to configure again e-mail accounts because there were "freezing" when I had tried to synchronize, or when I tried to read an e-mail. Several times my N8 run so slow when I tried to open Facebook application.In my job, I used to put my N8 out of my pocket just in front of my screen, and several times it used to reset by itself with no-reason. Also, I had to leave from my office (in a basement) to establish a phone call. Well, you say that the coverage of cell service is of bad quality. But I was the only one in the office, and my workmates never did it. Bad quality of the receiver transmissor? Probably!Last month, I received a upgraded message in my N8, and I did it. Unfortunately, after two days, the screen "freezed", I had to reset, and never came again. I was reading in internet different option to recover my N8. Finally, I tried with "phoenix" software and I was not possible to recover my N8. According to the instructions of "phoenix", the diagnostic of my N8 is died!Before my N8, I used a Nokia 5800-XpressMusic for one year. After a year, when I came from my native country of summer vacation, I turned it off before take aircraft in Miami. When I arrived to SLC, I tried to turn on but my 5800 never came. In home, I tried again several times, and finally, I put in the box again and bought N8.I think Nokia is a good brand. In the past I had having several models (more generic) without any problems. But I am very disappoint with this two models, especially the N8 because I paid more money and I was fascinated with the looking and the camera. I am going to wait until Nokia figure out how to fix the problems of software of their mobiles. Right now, I had to come back to the blackberry that I used in the past:Year 2010, Nokia 5850; after one year, inexplicably stopped working; procedure, first aid! Diagnostic: died.Year 2011, Nokia N8; after almost one year, inexplicably stopped working; procedure, upgraded, restored, and CPR! Diagnostic: died.Next year: new mobile; NO-Nokia. Diagnostic: lesson learned!

Pros: 12 mp camera with excelent flash,inbuild nevigation(won't require data plan)Cons: Slow compare to Samsung captivate and other 1 ghz processor,Age old OS ,will not improve as new nokia phones will come with Windows 7

It's a very good phone, everything works well, very reliable and easy to use. Comes with all accessories hands free, charger, mini HDMI and mini USB cable.

This phone has some incredible features at this unlocked, off contract price.  This is a 3G pentaband WORLD phone which will work on both AT&T and T-Mobile. It has a 12MP camera with a CCD sensor 3 times bigger than iPhone 4 and even larger than purpose built high quality camera's like the Panasonic LUMIX ZS-3.  It has a Xenon flash for excellent night time shots.  The N8 shoots HD 720p with HDMI and DOLBY Surround sound output!  The camera's optics are specially designed and made by Carl Zeiss, and it has AutoFocus and a mechanical shutter for big camera capabilities in a compact form factor.  The phones body is a single piece of Anodized, scratch resistant Aluminum, with Gorilla glass front.  It has a new generation AMOLED display with anti-reflective layer.  The N8 also sports BLuetooth 3.0, so you can use a wireless bluetooth keyboard and mouse simultaneously.  It also has USB on-the-go, so you can directly use mass storage devices like a hard drive or USB flash memory.  The phone has the latest Symbian^3 OS, with multi-touch, actual multi-tasking and avoids the double tapping of older Symbian versions.  The software also includes on-board and robust photo and video editing.  The N8 also uses a faster GPU than the iPhone 4 (SOC GPU), called the Broadcom BMC2727, for a great gaming experience which you can also pipe directly to an HD TV and play on the big screen.  It also comes with free turn by turn navigation, available in 74 countries. Of course, its a Nokia so Video Call capability is a given.  Battery life is exceptional.

This phone packs with 12mega pixels and HDMI slot and most important of all, Nokia's menu and applications, which is by far still the most friendly menu system than any other smartphone.  I still don't like their camera portion of the phone having to always portrude so whenever it lays flat its prone to having its lens scratched.  Minor detail.I'm enjoying it.  All I buy are unlocked Nokia cellphones and resell them to get new ones.  The last I had was an N900 and it was not so bad.  Bulky.  But this N8 is by far very sexy and thin, lighter than the iphone 4.  Symbian OS is much better than the Nokia N900's Maemo OS.  Much smoother going from one screen to another and one app to another.  I've had some glitches with the Ovi store but I'm getting help from Nokia Care via email.  They're great for that.Nokia N8 is definitely worth the money, shouldn't have to pay more than $425 or else its not worth it.  Amazon had the best deal.  Bought this phone from Amazon.com with free shipping/2day delivery as a Prime member.Overall, I would grade this phone an A for Excellent, simply because I'm in love with the design and I love the Symbian OS.  Its all about the Operating System.

This is a device that requires a lot of time and energy to master. However, if your requirement is to have the capability to capture high quality images for a modest price then the Nokia N8-00 is worth considering. The user interface is not as easy to understand as iOS or even Android. The number of apps numbers in the tens of thousands.  That means there are only several hundred apps that will interest you. Basically to be happy with this handset you'll want the camera to the exclusion of all other capabilities.  It's a handset for those who can't or won't be locked into the Apple, Google, or Microsoft ecosystems.Consider that intro as my warning of "here be monsters." If you are adventurous then continue on:In the box you'll find a Nokia N8-00 and all the trimmings. That is to say a charger, HDMI output cable, and USB cable. And the usual safety manuals.  The Nokia N8-00 ships with Symbian^3, a 2010-era operating system with a tough interface to master and memory management problems. The only good thing about Symbian^3 is you can get rid of it.To get rid of Symbian^3 you'll need a desktop PC or laptop running Windows XP or 7, a really high speed data connection, and the latest copy of Nokia Suite (available from Nokia). Plan to download about 1 GB of data in 300 MB chunks.  Before starting your upgrade adventure, spend several hours reading the information regarding the N8-00 at [...]. You'll also have to create a Nokia account to download maps and apps. Going from Symbian^3 to Nokia Belle takes about 6-10 hours of tinkering.After installing Nokia Suite, connect the handset to the computer and let the two devices get to know each other. When the drivers are synced up you can start the software upgrade process. Nokia Suite will offer to upgrade the software from Symbian^3 to Symbian Anna. After that is completed, the next upgrade is to Nokia Belle. During the upgrade to Nokia Belle you'll see warnings forbidding you from touching the handset. Heed that warning!Getting the handset to Nokia Belle is simultaneously the beginning and end of the journey. Click on SWUpdate and download whatever remaining apps and widgets Nokia thinks you are entitled to possess on your handset. And be sure to visit the Nokia store to pick up additional apps published by Nokia (e.g. "Internet radio").Nokia more or less abandoned Symbian/Nokia Belle in February 2011. From a user perspective this means the bugs in the handset's firmware are here to stay. You'll have to live with the bugs and quirks and work with them or around them. At one time Symbian was the most popular smartphone OS in the world. It was also the most targeted for malware. That software is still out there. You can operate the handset without an antivirus solution but depending upon your use case that might not be an acceptable mode of operation. Fortunately, anti-malware solutions are still available and maintained by their vendors.So why would anyone buy this handset in 2013? Well, besides the camera's unusual capabilities the handset can be used as a SIP phone to make VOIP calls, Nokia provides free software to listen to radio stations that stream on the Internet, the N8-00 has an FM radio, Bluetooth, and can play music via your vehicle's FM transmitter. Or, your hotel's FM radio. The HMDI output allows you to play 720p video on a television. Replacing the battery is a trivial operation.  Repairs cost about $100, so after a year if something goes wrong an out-of-warranty repair is relatively expensive. Finally, this is one of the handsets that implemented USB On-The-Go.In the end the camera is going to make or break this handset's experience for you. To see what the N8 is capable of doing in the right hands, review the YouTube videos created by topolino70.

Simplemente el mejor telefono inteligente de nokia, camara de 12MPX si 12MPX graba videos en HD... muy bueno el telefono

As a previous owner of other rival phones (e.g.- iPhone, Android, Blackberry), I am extremely satisfied with the overall performance of Nokia's new arrival, the N8.  After a week of use, I find myself being continuously impressed and rarely disappointed.  Its most stand-out feature, of course, being the beefy 12 MP Carl Zeiss camera. The capabilities and features embodied in this addition rival most stand-alone digital cameras.  The editing tools and other options, via apps and widgets pertaining to the camera, just add to the already impressive capabilities of the hardware.Also, the Cymbian^3 OS is an improvement from previous Nokia OSs and it is way ahead of its competitors in terms of stability and overall function. Most surprising is the ease at which the phone can be navigated and settings can be modified.  Like with most open-source phones, every ounce of memory and seemingly limitless control is at the user's fingertips.  The interface is very easy-to-use and Nokia provides many useful tips in the form of notifications, which can be disabled if necessary, to inform the user about some capabilities that may be passing them by.Going back to hardware, the phone has a number of convenient attributes. The scratch-resistant, and nearly damage-proof, gorilla glass screen is something all phones should consider using in the future.  This is one of the few phones that manages to combine durability and responsiveness, without making any sacrifices.  The HDMI and mini-USB jacks are a wonderful addition as well when you consider the opportunities they provide.I could continue to praise every little thing about this phone, but I should conclude with a few notable shortcomings. Most apparent, especially for those who previously owned an iPhone or Android phone, would be the severe lack of apps on the Ovi store. Those users interested in frivolous, time-wasting apps will not be satisfied with the currently destitute app store. Although many of the apps and widgets available are not geared toward fun as much as function, previous users of those app-rich phones might feel lost in the world of Nokia. Another downfall is the standard web browser for the N8. Its clunky, non-responsive operations seem out of place in the phone's otherwise efficient OS.  Fortunately, Nokia is aware of this issue and it is something that can easily be improved via a simple update.  Finally, like many phones of its kind, battery life may prove to be a hindrance.  It is difficult to say that the battery life of the N8 is any worse than any of its competitors and users can easily figure out ways of improving battery life. I only note this because I have been led to believe, by several reviews, that this phone boasted an extremely long battery life, while what I am experiencing is average at best.In closing, I can honestly say that this is the best phone that I have ever used in terms of overall capability, reliability, and durability. Those of you looking for the next big thing, deciding between the iPhone or Android, or even just looking to try something new, I implore you to give the Nokia N8 a shot.  You won't be disappointed.

first of all, I can't speak on the performance of this phone (Symbian 3) when compare to an IPhone 4 or an Android phone for that matter. What I CAN say is that the phone is bar-far way better than any of nokia previous flagship phones (i.e.N97).A few of the online reviews, particularly from US based sites, or I-phone biased websites (i.e. Engadget) give this a phone a low rating because the "UI is not as intuitive or good" as the competition. Well believe me when i say it, YOU'VE GOT TO TRY THIS PHONE FOR YOURSELF. It's not perfect (some software inconsistencies), but the darn thing is loaded with features and hardly ever crash (Crash or shutdown once when loaded the wrong version software from OVI store)

I just got my phone yesterday, march 19, 2011. It has a screen problem. There are vertical and horizantal lines on the screen. the lines are very noticeable when I hold my phone horizantally (landscape mode).I did not waste my time trying to fix it and just opened my amazon account and requested replacement.Within 1 hour I got e-mail from customer representative telling me that they were sorry for the problem and they already placed an order for new phone and estimated delivery is up coming wednesday.I will receive new one at free of charge of course and no return shipment cost since they sent me UPS postage label as well.Phone is very nice, you can get anything you want. It is very easy to use.I used iphone4 little bit and honestly there is no big difference with this one and iphone.I will write more detailed review once I get my new one but so far I am glad to make this purchaseSo overall, phone is worth to pay 400 bucks as long as you buy it from amazon. Because there is a possibility that you may get a defective one.So dont waste your time if you think something is wrong with your phone and just return it.I am happy with my purchase thru amazon, excellent customer service.Thanks amazon.

If you want to skip the back history skip to "Get the N8"Being a deeply loyal customer and trying to give them all the benefit of the doubt they still manage to convince me that I'm wasting my time. I had a Nokia n85 for two years. Earlier this year it started giving me trouble with the screen, it would black out while the phone was still on. I heard about the N8 and became extremely excited about it. For about the last three months the only way I could use my old phone was by plugging it into the TV and using that as the monitor, but I was set on waiting for the N8 so I dealt (even though its release date kept getting pushed) finally the time comes its available for pre order! I go to nokia.com to order the phone and a problem occurs and the order is canceled... ok I'll just order again right... NO I can't because the order was canceled Nokia won't let me order it for another month cause no one can tell the system what to do (especially in India) so my account is on some sort of system hold. Apparently the system can do whatever it wants and no one has any control over it! I tell them "I'M TRYING TO GIVE YOU MONEY AND YOUR TELLING ME THE SYSTEM SAYS NO!!!" "Please try again in a month sir".Ok so whatever I'll order it from Amazon to see if it becomes available to me sooner (I need a phone!) Great, Amazon says it's ready sooner than anticipated!Get the N8Ok so I receive the phone and get to hold it in my hands after months of starring at pictures and videos of it, exciting! Follow the proper procedure charge it first then insert the SIM and memory cards and turn it on. Ok its starting up... no, no ok turn it on again, there it goes, great! Oh look there's an update ok... wait the phone is rebooting... ok let's try that again, wait no rebooting again. Ok let me just let it sit there for a moment. I grab my laptop to see what others are saying about it. Guess what, my phone isn't the only one that randomly reboots over and over again, but some of these people are saying that it went off and won't turn back on, check my phone, sure enough it's off and won't turn on. I give it an hour and it turns on. Right away I plug it into the comp and reinstall the software version just in case then I sync it on OVI. The next morning I see the phone rebooting on my night stand, I give the benefit of the doubt "I'm half asleep who knows what I saw" I say. Works fine for the first full work day. Next day around 1pm I'm having lunch and the phone on the table reboots, and then again and again. Time to call India (Nokia customer care) "let's try restoring factory setting sir" ok I'll humor them and ask him for his direct number so I can call from a diff phone "just ask for an N8 specialist" ok, so I hang up the phone and begin to enter the code, but the phone freezes and wont react and then turns off, and won't turn on. I call Nokia and explain again all that has happened, and add that I've read others are having similar issues. "Ok sir what we recommend is exchanging it where you purchased it from and hopefully we will come out with an update to fix the problem from happening again in the future".ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!!! Day three, phone still won't turn on...

I have been using this phone for less than 10 days and it freezes and reboots constantly.  I understand the software is buggy and would be better if I could install the Anna update but Nokia Suite and OTA is saying my firmware is up to date so I cannot get Anna now.  I knew the phone would have problems but I was confident that nokia would let me update the software so i made the purchase. I'm considering flashing the anna update myself, does anyone know what is the most recent version I should look for?  If I exchange through Amazon can they replace with a phone that has Anna preinstalled or is it just luck?It would have been a sweet phone if it worked. Nokia support sucks.Update:Jan 11,2011I took another reviewer's advice and got a replacement from amazon.  I was a little scared as the phone had the same product code 059D0V2 but alas Anna was on there preinstalled.  All it needed was a small update ver. 25.008 to fix an issue with USA T-mobile 3G and then I installed the other Anna packages 1/2 and 2/2. I am happy now and the phone is working well, so far.4 stars

I purchased this phone earlier this year and love all the features it has.June 25 2012 I went on a fishing outing with this phone in my wrist pouch.i took a picture of my sons first of seven fish he caught,when my phone fell out of the pouch and rolled down the bank into the water.I hurried to pull it out of the water took the battery out to let the water drain out.I thought that I was going to have to purchase a new phone,but to my surprise the phone came back on the following week working.It rebooted several times,but now it works fine with no problems.Only problem is the battery needs replaced now because the charge only last 10 hours.

el telefono es una mierda, lo compre y llego a mis manos en Venezuela, lo saque de la caja, lo encendi.... tome como 6 fotos y lo manipule alrededor de 10 minutos,  PUMMMM  se apago,,, claro debe ser que se descargo.... INOCENTE... resulta ser que no enciende por nada  le aplique varias tecnicas conocidas y nada resulta ser en los foros que he leido ahora que lo tengo, es que es una falla comun de estos Nokias, salen malos  a mi no me dio tiempo ni de usarlo un d&iacute;a, aunque es un equipo que dice ser muy bueno, resulta ser una mierda,  lean foros a nivel mundial sobre (se me apago mi N8) y veran  es lamentable no se los recomiendo realmente mejor un Samsung.the phone is crap, buy it and I get my hands on Venezuela, right out of the box, lit it .... taken as 6 photos and handle about 10 minutes PUMMMM trailed off,,, of course that must be downloaded .... INNOCENT ... turns out not turn for anything you apply several techniques known and nothing is to be on the forums I've read now that I have, is that it is a common fault of these Nokias, come evil I do not even have time to use it gave one days , but is a team that claims to be very good, turns out to be crap, read forums worldwide on (I turn off my N8) and you will see it is regrettable not really recommend them better a Samsung.

Well, I purchased the N8 right after it came out in Oct 2011 ish. And I love(d) it.Unfortunatley it got a bit wet when I was walking out in rain and started to power off itself every once in a while and I can only power it back on, when I connect a power supply to it or USB cable ...Anyhow. 'Let me order a new one' I thought and did:The first phone I received here in Nov. 2012 did not power up at all, so I returned it and got a replacement phone from Amazon right away, but which did not power up either. I give up.No idea which phone I gonna get next, I just don't like these mainstream phones and OS's.Sorry Amazon for all the hazzle.And Nokia, no wonder you lost it..

WARNING: DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE!I purchased this phone because of the press I read about it. I'll be honest, having a phone with those capabilities was GREAT!The PROs:1. Great Camera! 12 mega pixels.. You just cant beat that as of now.2. Cool slick design.3. Fast.4. I love the FM transmitter.5. Great Video capture..... and a lot more!With all these nice things and more, why a 1 star and why DON'T BUY IT?The CONs:1. User Interface (UI) - needs getting used to.2. Proximity Sensor - try using it on your left ear, the slightest movement will re-engaged the screen! WITH THE SCREEN ENGAGED, YOU CAN'T MAKE A DECENT CALL! My cheeks keeps pressing either the MUTE, HOLD or HANG UP BUTTON! I waited for the update on the firmware but Nokia did not release a fix for it. I checked the internet for possible solutions and it seems that a lot of people have the same problem.Nokia Customer Support had no idea and I had to tell them where in the internet they can find the said problem. Now, it seems that I would be without a phone for more than 2 weeks because all they can do is to tell me to send the phone for repairs.If you want a phone that you can actually use to make proper calls, BUY ANYTHING BUT THIS!

I've always wanted this cell phone but with an average $450 up to $600 Dlls price I had to pass... until the opportunity came with a less than $200 Dlls deal for a brand new one.It came with Symbian Belle Refresh OS installed; that was a plus! 'cause I expected to make the update myself.Both cameras works amazingly well.Easy access to SIM and microSD cards.Functional handsfree headset.Nice display (screen)Easy set-upFriendly user interface.Cool themes.Crystal clear phone calls with noise cancelling feature.So many functionalities on this device.What can I say.  It has been less than one week I own this cell phone and I'm completely in love with it.Note: do not expect thousands of apps available at Ovi Store, I mean, compared to an Android cell phone and Google Play Market.  The truth is that there are just a few apps available specifically for this Nokia model. Too bad that Symbian isn't on development anymore.

Has a lot of features, HDMI, USB on the go, 16gb, gorilla glass, wifi n, can be chaged using mini usb or wall charger like the old ones, symbian^3 has a lot of features, just wish it has video led light is very usefull as spotlight.

After close to a year (believe it or not) of research, I finally purchased this phone in March. I wanted a single device to do everything - media-player, PDA, Internet capabilities and a good camera. I had no intention to jump aboard the Apple bandwagon (although I understand why people love their I-Phones) and the Android platform phones weren't giving me what I needed hardware-wise.Finally I took the plunge and purchased my blue N8. I was very happy (and very lucky) NOT to receive one of the many defective units that a lot of other reviewers are complaining about. For those who might care, mine says "Made in Finland." The phone worked straight out of the box. I played around with the basic functions for a couple of hours before installing the OVI software and doing a live-update via my computer. The OVI suite that came pre-installed for some reason didn't recognise the phone when I plugged it into the USB port, and I eventually had to download the software off the website and reinstall. It worked flawlessly afterwards. I'd strongly advise you update the firmware as soon as you get your phone - many complaints I've read here are resolved by this update.I won't get into specifics of the hardware as Amazon's product description covers everything you need to know. Here's simply a breakdown of what I LIKE:* The unit itself is very attractive and sturdy. For added protection (and if you pay US $399 for a phone you better be concerned), get an Otterbox case, which comes with a free screen protector.* Setting up email was quick and easy, as was my Facebook connection. Telephone contacts were easily downloaded from my SIM card and I can synchronise contacts with their respective Facebook profiles.* I get Quick-office which allows me to EDIT and CREATE files, not just view them.* Synching with my Outlook calendar is easy using the OVI suite.* The Wi-Fi wizard could not be easier to use. I don't have a data plan, but the speeds I get at the various hotspots are very good. I've been able to comfortably do live updates, install apps and send/receive photos and other attachments with no trouble.* Two years back I bought an Olympus 12MP camera and was very unhappy with the battery life and photo quality - I had previously owned an Olympus 5MP which took better pictures than its replacement. The N8 camera far surpasses my Olympus, especially with night shots. The on-board editing software is fantastic.* Video is high-definition. I don't need to spend extra $ on a digi-cam now.* FM transmitter! This was the deal-breaker for me. I can toss my CD case I've been carrying in my car for the last few years and put all my music on this phone to play through my car deck. The other phones I had previously short-listed for purchase (HTC and Motorola Droid X) didn't have this very handy feature.* The video player is compatible with most file formats. The display quality in unbelievable, making watching movies on this phone an absolute joy.* Battery life has been satisfactory so far. I do moderate browsing throughout the day but frequently use the music player/FM transmitter and a couple of other apps. No complaints here.So now we get to the SYMBIAN. I think it's a matter of personal preference when it comes to the OS/GUI on this phone. I've used Apple & Android phones enough to understand why people like them. While the OS on the N8 may not be as "fun" to use, it is simple to figure out, very responsive and gets the job done. I don't need more than that from a mobile phone OS. Actions such as pinch-and-zoom, scrolling, etc. are routinely performed with no problems whatsoever. I have experienced the occasional (i.e. infrequent) application "seizure" but no more so than on other smart-phones. I bought this phone primarily for the hardware and an OS that is simple and to the point. The fact that Nokia has discontinued Symbian development has not made me regret this decision. The OS is stable, and there are at least 2 major firmware releases due which will provide additional functionality (portrait QWERTY keyboard, etc.). As for 3rd-party apps, I have all the important ones I need from the OVI store. To be perfectly blunt, the majority of apps out there are frivolous nonsense that I can do without.All things considered, here are a few things to note (in the interest of lending balance to this review):* I am sure the OVI maps are great, providing you can get maps for your area. I live in the Caribbean and there are NO maps available for this part of the world. So, I'm unable to enjoy one of the features I was most looking forward to. I did download Google maps, but this of course requires an active Internet connection for the GPS.* The Music Player is VERY basic. I'd like to see Nokia improve on this in one of the updates. Same with the movie player.* The on-board battery meter can be misleading. Download the Nokia Battery Monitor utility (very nifty) and you'll notice that it routinely displays the charge with a 3-4 percent difference from the on-board meter.* The web browser isn't impressive. Get Opera mobile.* It would've been nice to have included a lanyard in the box.* The stereo headset I received looked really good, but unfortunately mine didn't work. I didn't bother to write Amazon on this, as it's not that big of a deal with me.* No e-book reader application. This was a disappointment, as the pre-installed PDF reader just doesn't do it for me.In summary, I've gotten a phone that can can do pretty much everything an I-Phone does WITH the best on-board camera on the market for considerably less money. This is a great device that comes highly recommended.

I purchased Nokia N8 from Amazon. I was able to track the shipping and was impressed that I could track the parcle across the country. The shipment arrived on time.I liked the phone and am impressed that I am able to do so much with it. I now one device against 4 or 5 devices.I used to carry a- Camera- Music player- Video player- Video recorder- Phone- LaptopNow everything is in one device. Very easy to use. I love the Phone.Sometimes it does get a bit confused, however overall I am satisfied.

The telephone does not work. The battery does not charge. it is not fix in Barinas, Venezuela. More never buy a nokia and more never buy in Amazon.

I do not have data plan because I want more of a scheduler than internet on the go. Anyway I inserted my sim card and then added wifi but soon got introduced to the horrible bug this phone has! I searched on internet and found many other users having the same problem - "Unable to connect gateway. Please try again." Just google it and you will see the complaints. $400+ phone and Nokia still does not care to fix it?

My phone works for 3 days after that it starts restarting itself, the battery dosent last long when your on internet or facebook. I will think it 2 times next time when buying a $400 phone.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono con pantalla t&aacute;ctil capacitiva, sellado desde la caja ofrece seguridad y confort, la imagen HD es de las mejores al reproducir v&iacute;deo, recomendado para quien se determina en adquirir lo excelente !!!!Lo recomiendo pues lo tengo desde hace dos meses y es de lo mejor, y el vendedor de lo mas seguro, saludos desde Ecuador  !!

Let me describe an event at work,.......during a meeting when 30+ people are present, someone's phone rings...  It is a familiar and typical iphone ringtone.  most of the people start fumbling their pockets or start looking at their(i)phone to check if its their phone ringing.  iphone has become real common commodity.., believe it or not..For those who really wants to be unique, especially from iphone users (as per my experience) and feel special about it, this is the phone for you.All right, sentiments apart...Here is my take on this phone.  I bought this phone from Amazon shortly after its launch and using it ever since.Since so many users have posted very good and accurate reviews about Nokia N8 with Pros and Cons here, I am focusing mainly on user experience and some WOW factors that other phones can not/do not offer (for free).- Only smartphone that dose not mandate you to subscribe a smart phone data plan without loosing most of its functionality (or without rooting/jailbreaking etc.) savings of $35 a month since day one....I bought this one at full price but its free after a year of use just because of data plan savings.  I still use low priced data plan and take full advantages of smartphone features like anywhere email, upload pic directly to facebook, local searches etc etc.-  Internet on the go anywhere anytime (with data plan subscription, of-course).  I just plug in my phone to my laptop using usb cable and my laptop is connected to internet.  I can also use my phone as wifi hot spot and tether data to my ipad hassle free.  saved few hundred dollars and bought only wifi version of ipad.  saved hundreds more when no data plan needed for ipad.  More savings.......and same great ipad experience!!!!-  Great camera, takes amazing natural looking pictures unlike other smartphones which tend to over saturate colors to look them better on phone screen.  I regularly use nokia n8 to take pictures at work and add it as a part of my presentation.  Looks really hi quality even if projected on big screen.  I did receive many complements from my (mostly iphone using) co-workers.-  Free GPS with no data plan requirement added spoken direction with street names in more than 30 languages, online traffic updates and many other bells and whistles...Self explanatory....I never have to carry my gps while on the go, as true with any other smartphones.  Where n8 beats every one is native voice guided navigation in multiple languages without using a data plan (and using it if you want to)I set my route in the phone and let it sit somewhere on dashboard.  95% of the time I could navigate just by listening to the voice guidance without looking at the tiny map screen on the phone.  The voice guidance is very clear and spoken street names really makes the driving in unknown place a breeze as you are simply focusing on driving.  My wife is so jealous just because of this feature.- HDMI out -  I connect my phone to my lcd tv using the provided cable and play Need for Speed (free with phone).Can wirelessly connect to the Laptop !!  DLNA sharing app lets me connect and stream my pics and vids from my phone wirelessly to my laptop, which i connect to my tv and share my pics as a slide show to friends at home while me sitting on couch holding the phone in my hand.Well, these are the features and experiences that makes me love this phone, the part I love the most is that these things come with it at a substantially lower price upfront and significant lower monthly cost, not to mention freedom of using it over any GSM network and not having sign a two year contract.!!!!Obviously, this phone has its shortcomings and trade offs, and many reviews here describe them accurately.For me, the cons are,-  screen could have been larger,-  clunky user interface-  soon to be obsolete OS-  speaker on the back of the phone right below the camera module, significantly reduces the sound volume if the phone is lying on bed speaker facing downwards.-  App store experience could have been better.However, it has been more good experience than bad. Constantly attracting curious looks from people when they see me using this phone, and many of them drop their jaw when they hear that it has 12 MP camera.I dont mean to show iphone down by any means and I personally feel that iphone s user interface is much better.However I do not regret buying Nokia N8 at all.America is a country of freedom and this is the only device that gives me true freedom of choosing any service provider, choosing to opt for a smart phone data plan or not, not binding myself into two year contract and still able to enjoy a smartphone experience and not to forget freedom of using (free) GPS signals without paying for navigation service using the device you own.

NEW: 3.7.13: I have had this phone for a bit over two years now. Currently, I lose network connection nearly half the time and have to restart the phone. It also freezes and slow to respond. I like NOKIA because it have endurance but I have to switch to a newer phone soon. (I actually hope to have this phone for at least three years seeing how I paid the full price for it in 2010). This is why I dropped it from 4 to 3 stars.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought this phone back in November 2010, directly from Nokia USA website.The specifications for this phone are amazing. It have the basic programs that one needs such as recorder, bluetooth, wifi. And the OVI store is expanding. There are more apps now than when I just bought the phone.Pros that I like to point out:- Camera with flash and HD video recording, with editing features. (Truly convenient for those moments wanting to capture a good picture)- FM transmitter (Music from the phone to the car wirelessly. Forget the AUX cable!)- Gorilla glass. (Safe from the dangers within my purse such as keys)- True multi-tasking. The phone doesn't heat up or slow down when I have many programs open.- HDMI port- Supports many video and audio codecs. Transfer videos from your computer to your phone via bluetooth and then watch it. Save the time to recode the videos :)- Browser supports adobe flash- Free GPS navigation with voice!Cons:- Doesn't support Netflix or Hulu so I can't watch at my convenience.- Youtube videos are not HD-quality when you watch it in full screen.- The phone freezes up sometimes because of the WIFI. Happened three times so far...- MAJOR CON: I consider the battery life too short. You have to be consistent in charging it daily. Moreover, the battery is built in so it is not removable. Using features such as playing games or watching movies can really drain the battery life.Overall, the pros really outweigh the cons. It can be difficult to adjust to in the beginning but it's easy once you played with it for a few days. I wished I waited and bought from Amazon since the price has fallen. And I would have saved %50 dollars for taxes!

I pre-ordered a Nokia N8 when they were first put up for pre-order from Nokia USA. The phone lasted a good almost 3 years before it started giving me serious problems.I knew that I had to replace it so I came on Amazon and purchased one. This one might be slightly built better than the last one that I had. The first one that I had was made in China. This one was made in Finland, home of Nokia. I was one that believed that no matter where a phone was made, quality control would ensure that all the experiences were the same. There are slight differences in the build quality, but they are noticeable. The one from Finland doesn't feel quite as stiff. The slide button on the side is not as loose as on the one China. The body just feels a bit better.Pros: Nokia Maps and Navigation, Camera, the actual phone!, micro-SD card slot, build qualityCons: Memory, aging OSOverall though, I still like this phone. It's definitely going down in Nokia history as one of its best.

Con relaci&ograve;n al vendedor no tengo ning&ugrave;n reclamo, el producto lleg&ograve; tal cual lo ped&igrave;, tanto el vendedor como el producto exelente

Having bought the N8 SIM free I am very disappointed by its overall performance.  Firstly, it is not very well suited to the Symbian 3 platform which can make using the menus a time consuming exercise, worst of all being the phone book when making calls.The menu system itself does not close properly and often "closed" applications remain open after exiting.The phone is constantly trying to set the internet access to "automatic" via the cell network, an annoying feature, as by preference I will always use WiFi connections.The battery life on my phone is much shorter than advertised, 1-2 days, with low to moderate use without internet.The reception on the phone is also poor, having had to swap my SIM into a friend's Blackberry to receive an important call in an area of poor reception!Overall, I have owned Nokia's for 15 years but wish I had not bought this one.

I searched for over a year for a new Nokia phone and narrowed it down to two and this one won out. The 12megapixel camera is amazing giving me clear true to color pictures in the many places I have shot from. The calls come in clear with no buzzing or other distraction that I have found in some phones. The Doby surround sound is a great feature and I was delight about the quality from the first time I heard it. I have yet to use the ear phone however from the research I had done they are suppose to just as good as the phone. All in all I love my new toy and have no complaints as of yet.

only bad think u cant get any apps and u cant see video from the site u have to download it

I love Nokia phones, I think this is exactly what I needed, one great phone with one great camera.Previously I had the Nokia 5800 Express music, it lasted 3 years and the N8 is a nice upgrade with all bells and whistles. The battery life is good, I get 3G speeds and I love it.Amazon is my favourite "store".

at first i was doubt about it.... but today.... 3 or 4 years later.... i know it was the best phone i got.

I have had the grey n8 since it came out almost two years ago. I bought my wife the silver one and i also recently bought the blue one. One was made in China, one in Mexico, and one in Finland. There all great!!! Awesome powerful phone that gets things done. Yes, i have an ipad that i PLAY on, but when real work needs to get done the n8 can handle the chore. This phone currently boasts the best camera on a phone by far even though its almost two years old. I love this phone and i will love the successor of this phone as well; the Nokia 808.Why this phone is great.I get to use my grandfathered att unlimited data for 10 bucks a month and i can tether with it for free.Free Nokia maps with voice guidance.Use of multiple internet browsers.Bluetooth that actually works. I,e you can transfer pictures, movies, and music to other devices free.Best camera phone on the market by far.Xenon flash to freeze night time shots.HDMI out to display all your phones content. Play videos, show pictures, browse the web right on your hdtv. My toddler loved to watch me play angry birds on the big screen. Of coarse i did it from the comfort of my coach using a Bluetooth Mouse.USB on the go. I can hook up a flash drive or an external hard drive to my n8. This has been extremely useful when there always isnt a computer available.The fact that you can add up to 32GB to the phone via the micro sd slot is nice.Sturdy and strong phone. I washed my first grey n8 in a large front load washing machine for a full cycle before i found it. I immediately got on amazon and over nighted the blue n8. After taking the soaking wet phone out of the washer and put it in a bag of white rice for a couple days to my amazement it charged up and turned on and worked perfectly!!!! I kept it as my spare still though.So if you want a toy go for a cheap droid or the Iphone. If you want a power house of a phone that is still lots of fun that could replace most peoples stand alone cameras then go for the Nokia.

I experience serious problem with my Nokia N8 since I started to use it. Phone screen goes black on sunlight and I cannot receive or disconnect calls. I did soft and hard reset to the phone but problem wasn't resolved. I was ready to send my Nokia N8 for repair to Nokia US, but, when I contacted Nokia and verified with them a serial number Nokia representattive told me that PUT group USA, seller, sold to me a phone WITHOUT US WARRANTY AND MADE FOR JORDAN!!! I''d recommend to anyone to purchase anything from this seller!!!

SPANISH: primero que nada compre un equipo nokia N8 nuevo y me enviaron uno repotenciado y defectuoso debido a que no enciende y solo sale la palabra NOKIA. Me siento estafado porque ahora no se quien pueda responder por esta situacion. no recomiendo al vendedor. ENGLISH: first of all buy a nokia N8 team again and they sent me one repowered and flawed because it does not turn on and just get the word NOKIA. I feel cheated because now no one can answer for this situation. I do not recommend this seller.

I took this cellphone to West Africa and it worked with all kind of carrier overthereThe battery is ok

I love the phone. Great feel & features.Not writing any more and asigning such a low rating, because after a week of use it started rebooting itself some times even 4 times in one hour. I hope I just got bad luck and got a defective unit.Replacement is on its way. I hope I can update my rating and experience once I test the replacement.===============================UPDATE===============================Amazon Send a replacement 2-3 weeks after 1st unit, and this 2nd one has been working great since then. So far 1 or 2 reboots in 10 months. Very happy with all functions and capability.

Excelent&iacute;simo tel&eacute;fono. Es una verdadera computadora despu&eacute;s de un mes de uso estoy aprendiendo su funcionamiento. Lo recomiendo ampliamente. Nokia se debe sentir orgullosa de tener tan buen y &uacute;til tel&eacute;fono inteligente. GRACIAS NOKIA por vender el NOKIA N8.

I had a lot of phones but I always had at least a Nokia all the time. I previously N95 which I bought a week before it was even released. Before than I had another Nokia, 7610. I' always happy with Nokia. They always have the best wi-fi connectivity (which they have perfected in N8) and the best camera with Carl Zeiss lenses. Guess what, the N8 is the new best phone of Nokia and as a person who used iPhones, Blackberry's, and Android powered phones (Droids, Samsungs and Lg's mostly) I can easily say that N8 is better than them all. Even though the Nokia Ovi App Store is not better than the other app stores, the fact remains that you can download an app from any website and simply install it on your phone with one easy step. No stupid restrictions or anything. Oh by the way, when you pull the N8 out of your pocket it becomes the center of attention instantly especially a color like this green one.

Awesome phone! It is unlocked, I think it works with any GSM carrier. Very resistant...you can do almost everything with this phone. Five stars for Amazon! They are great!

just bought the phone, looks  better in real life, feels awesome! touch screen is on the spot, camera is amazing! seriously i had no trouble with the phone. havnt charged it 3 days, still got half the battery, with all the music and vedios n stuff. i dont need to say anything, if your reading these reviews because your not sure you want to buy this phone, i suggest it 100%. eventhou i hate nokia, im more blackberry and sonyericc. im in love with the phone, cant stop playing with it. go ahead, click and buy!

In first place, purchase transaction on Amazon was great. And the product itself is great so far. All accessories are working as expected.I don't like the headphones, because earpiece must be placed deep inside the ear, if not, earpieces might fall. It is very annoying to put those inside the ear. I have to use my old N95 headphones.Regarding N8, i was not able to use all the stuff it has, but i must complain of the vibrating functionality, because it is not as strong as my previous N95, I missed several calls because i can't feel it vibrating.That's all so far.Best luck

I received the phone very fast but only thing I cannot download Thailand. I love to order product from amazon. It will be better that amazon have product can sent out to USA and Canada all product.

I have been using Nokia N8 for 1 year before writing this review. I have received many compliments from other people about this phone's awesome performance in camera & video quality as well as fast accurate GPS while driving across North America. The call quality, Bluetooth, WiFi, 3G speeds, battery life and speakerphone are very good. Another very convenient feature is you can connect this phone directly to a TV via a built-in HDMI port to watch videos/photos/playgames. HDMI out is a rare feature in most phones.I have shot photos using Nokia N8 with stunning detail from quarter mile away using an optical zoom lens (that you buy separately as an attachment for about $20).Make sure to apply the latest "Belle" software update/patch from Nokia's website.The built-in GPS works without cell tower signal and is very fast in recalculating even in remote areas. The best part is, it is completely voice guided turn-by-turn and there is no need to "tap" on the screen to get voice instructions. The Map database is so awesome and complete that you can pretty much download free map data from any continent.It seems many of the negative comments here on Amazon are from people who have not yet applied the latest "Belle" software update from Nokia, or who are new to smartphones in general or don't know how to use advanced features of this phone or haven't been patient enough to spend decent time to figure out how to use it properly or just have bad mobile phone carriers with poor signal reception.Nokia N8 is still recommended as an unlocked phone as long as one is committed to learn to use it properly.

Bought this phone for my gf and it's awesome. I installed Nokia Bubbles, Nokia Play and a few other Nokia Beta and Store apps before giving it to her and she loved it. At first we had trouble typing fast with the on-screen keyboard, but all those troubles went away after updating to Symbian Anna. The phone now runs smoother and slightly faster. For once i gave her a great present :)

I think Nokia really surprise me with this cellphone. I`m in Nokia fan for 10 years but this cellphone is totally different.12 megapixel camera with good quality, HDMI port and lot of feature. I really like it and enjoy this Cellphone.Thanks Nokia And Amazon for this great deal.

I dont know and care about much complicated technical details, I will give you simple practical aspects about this phone, decision is yours, I have used Nokia phones since cell phones exists, I start with the black and white version, hee hee, my last one was Nokia N95. I used the N95 heavily for last 3 years, every second of my life it was in my hand, car, backpack, pocket, grocery cart, diaper bag, college bag, you name it, and wherever I go it went,  did not let me down once.Finally, I have upgraded to N8, its a jiff to order, arrived swiftly, simple packing, open up, put your Sim card, memory card from your old phone, push power button, READY to go.. Since I am used to Nokia Menu all around, was easy to upgrade.Connect and pair through Bluetooth and transferred my contacts, photos, memo, calendar entries, appointments, sms mesages, etc. all from my old Nokia in a minute every content and info from my old phone was loaded in my new Nokia N8.Internet works fine, T mobile works no problem, check my mail, update my profile,check your Skype, download Adobe files, finish and type my class work at Cal State page, save documents, reply other students forms, download maps, follow voice command like a GPS, free OVi maps, easy as breeze..Touch tone pure glass, very sensitive to touch with slight touche, fingertips works perfect, does not take order from any other hard object by accident hits etc. Stylus fans can use that though.Listen your messages,talk to type your sms, surf the Google while listening music, watch National Geographic, you name it,,, just easy as touch of button..I am not into much technical details, if you are a busy mom like me, with classes to catch and emails to reply constantly this is your phone. Sleek, very sleek, nice and thin, beautiful strong metal body, yet rugged when you cover it up with the silicone cover.Camera is awesome, Carl Zeiss 12 mgpx, cant go wrong with 12 megapixel,HDMI quality videos, its like carrying the best camcorder and camera with you, anywhere just click of a button awesome zoom, colors, tumbs up...This is all I can think of , DONT THINK TWICE, SMALL INVESTMENT, FREEDOM OF UNLOCKED PHONE, YOU ARE THE BOSS OF YOUR PHONE, its a wonder for international travelers too. Many things I didnt get to yet , will explore.If you want a practical, EASY TO USE, NOT-COMPLICATED and powerful touch phone with Quality and Reliability, THE BEST SMARTPHONE OUT THERE, THIS IS IT..YOU CANT GO WRONG with Nokia, I have witnessed that one more time.

What more can I do with it (compared to iPhone or Android):1. Navigate anytime with a fantastic GPS module and free life time navigation (including turn by turn voice navigation with street names, lane guidance, speed limit warning, traffic etc.!!). Go buy crap GPS software for iPhone for a huge price (last time checked was more than 50$) and even then that won't even come close to Nokia navigation. Don't forget Nokia owns Navteq (the worlds largest map producer)2. Transmit FM and play it on your car music system (iPhone doesn't even have a FM receiver)3. The best camera (those of u who read the misleading review of endgadget, if u r really reading my review, then u r serious and go ahead to search on google to find zillions of unbiased camera review, comparing N8 even against DSLR)4. Pentaband network support, which would let you use the phone with both AT&T; and T-Mobile 3g network!!5. Dolby surround sound output6. USB on the go (which means you could connect your USB device with the phone!)7. Bluetooth 3.08. The only OS that has a very complete bluetooth stack implementation (perhaps too technical for some of the readers) that allows u to even control ur powerpoint presentation with ur cellphone (using salling clicker). The poor iPhone guys, no ur phone doesn't have that functionality (crippled at OS level)9. The OS that gives superb battery life (anyone using Symbian would testify for this)10. The freedom that comes with an open OS (OK, Android is also open)11. The most configurable and complete enterprise wireless stack (trust me, I never ever had any problem to configure my Nokia phones for the most convoluted enterprise wireless network!)12. A built in completely integrated VOIP support. You won't even notice that u r using VOIP. And trust me, if u know how to use VOIP effectively, u could save a huge amount on your phone bill13. The ability to work as Bluetooth HSPA modem (or even create Wifi hotspot with third party software)14. The TRUE TRUE TRUE multi tasking. Yes that's three TRUEs. No one else (including the upcoming Windows Phone 7) supports true multi-tasking. If u ever use Symbian multitasking, u would hate to use others' sham multitasking15. Many many ... can't list. Feeling tired :( Users are welcome to comment and add additional pros and cons. I am sure there will be Nokia fanboys and iPhone and Android fanboys.What can't I do (or can't do so well):1. The UI (yes iPhone and Android have better intuitive UI)2. I can't fart with my mobile (but I do have all the apps that I would ever need: e.g. call screening software, office software, pdf reader, flash support, email solution, the entire Oxford, cambridge or a host of other dictionaries etc.)3. Zillions of games that you may avail on iPhone, u may not have on Nokia yet (believe me it's changing fast). BTW, N8 has a faster GPU than iPhone4!Now some misleading media propaganda:1. N8 has only 680 MHz processor: Believe me Symbian is by born very efficient. If u ever own a Mac and try to run a Windows 7 in a virtual machine then u know how slow it is. Processor doesn't define speed. I started with a 233MHz pentium processor with 32MB RAM which ran Windows 98 extremely fast with all Office applications, a bunch of productivity apps and a host of games. To give a recent example look at Windows Vista, which runs very slow on the same computer compared to Windows 7 or Mac OS X!2. N8 has only 256MB RAM: Again u don't need that much RAM. The Symbian^3 has "Writable data paging" which works like virtual memory. And don't forget, Symbian is built from ground up to be battery, memory and processor efficient. No other OS (including Android) claims that feat.So, in conclusion, if u r looking for a very modern looking user interface, go for iPhone (or Android). But if u r like me who shops for functionality (and who dreams to carry only one gadget (no GPS, no camera, no Apple remote etc.)) then surely u should give N8 a serious thought. And don't let naysayers fool u with usability issues. Believe me, with just couple of days of use, every unintuitive UI would become intuitive (I am a Symbian veteran and it feels very intuitive to me).

This is a complete telephone, however, after several days of operation, the phone went off and did not turn on again, I was reviewing comments on multiple pages on the internet and found that this problem has been presented to several people. The problem is the battery, you must purchase a new one if the warranty has expired. Search Google for Nokia N8 Suddenly shutdown or similar. For additional information, the battery model is BL-4D.

I get my money is a lousy service I am very upsetthe box was returned without celualr as I get to my

the phone its not new and slow load on internet,had some japanese music and not all apps work good that why i hate it

I bought this device about two weeks ago and couldn't be happier.If you are thinking about purchasing this device you have to ask yourself a few questions about what type of person you are regarding electronic devices.If you are a person that needs something completely idiot-proof, don't buy this device. There's always a trade off when making decisions like this, one of them in the smartphone world is capability vs. ease of use.The Nokia N8 has yet to show me something it can't do - you just have to know how to use it.If you aren't familiar with the symbian system, it will take some getting used to. It's not as intuitive as an iPhone.That said it can do many, many things at a fraction of the price compared to an iphone.My main example of this is the ability to tether, for free... or if you like there's a $9 app that allows you to turn the device into a mobile hotspot. Currently, I'm still on an old AT&T; plan and still have unlimited data, by simply taking the sim card out of my old device and putting it in the N8 I had upgraded to a smartphone without having to change anything on my At&T; contract.Additionally the Navigation software is really good as well as the camera.Some of my pros:-12 MP camera with flash-tethering/hotspot capability-video/photo editing software-full GPS with turn by turn directionsthe cons:-UI isn't idiot proof-the app store isn't massive, but it's growing and so pandora radio is all I've missed. (actually there's a better alternative called soundtrckr)- it can be slow if you have a lot of things running simultaneously e.g. internet TV and the mobile hotspot.

I'm very happy with my first and new Nokia N8 unlocked. My previous experience with palm treo encouraging me to get a more sophisticate and simple phone to use.

I bought this cell and when I received, it never turn on, I try to charge it, and nothing, I'm very disappointed with this product, I lived in Costa Rica, so for me, was hard to send back the cellphone to amazon again, I have to pay an extra money from the here to USA, Finally amazon refund my money, but I still lose 30 bucks sending the cellphone back to the US.

este es el NOKIA q esperaba . el mas completo hasta ahora todas sus funciones 100% una camara puede decirse profecional. quedo satisfecho con su tecnologia.......... recomendable

Good phone, excellent HD video recording, the photographs are good but not great, redeye problems in my pictures, but generally quite acceptable ...

first let me tell you the cellphone its just great i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!but what i really want say its that amazon has the greatest customer service i've ever seen, this is what happened to me, when i received the cellphone it did not turn on or do anything i was really down about that but then i contaceted customer service and they told me to sent back the cell phone so they can send me i new one i though they would wait to received the old one and then ship the new one but this was not the case, they shipped it right away and i got my new celphone that work just great 1 day after  i made the complaint and amazon will issue a refund on the money i spent to ship the celphone that did not work...how cool is that!!!!thank u amazon ur great!!!!

This phone is a very useful, easy to operate and beautiful design, what more could you want?. My Nokia N8 works great in Caracas, Venezuela with Movilnet. Sometimes it is &#34;stuck&#34; and I turn it off and on again, but it's nothing serious. I love the camera, touch screen and its three home screens that I can parameterize whatever. It's a beauty. I recommend it.

this phone is so much better than anything i ever used.. Iphone is for people who don't know what is truly a great product. i have used all generation of Iphone and always have problem with them the first day i got them, either froze, lost signal or crash. But I never experience those problem with Nokia phone. All the review online compare Iphone with nokia N8 that say Iphone is better is bias. All those people dont know what truly is a unique phone and do you really used "ALL" of the iphone Apps? i think there is none other company can compare Nokia.

This is a nice phone.If you're sick of being trapped into the Apple or Google box, and you like to do a few extra things with your phone, this one is for you.The software and user interface is a little more clunky than something like iphone, but you also don't have to deal with some of apple's self imposed limitations.The look on my friends faces were priceless when I did something with my phone that they couldn't do with their over hyped droids or iphones.

i was skeptical at first Cuz so many ppl saying there's alot of problems with this phone but I've owned it for over 4 month now and I've had very few problems that a simple restart fixed, and after trying ios i found the N8 to to be more customizable and nice looking os and also the camera has been better than any phone I've seen (possibly close to some digital). With all the new updates from nokia this has just gotten better and compared to other phones n other areas there isn't as many apps in the app store bu i've found everything thats important as far as apps and it can be a bit slow at times compared to new phones from 2012 but the phone does hold up pretty well against the competition considering the phone is two years older and half the price as most new high end phones and also this phone does alot out of the box that on other os you' have to download apps.Overall this is a good phone for the price,p.s. I am currently using the phone to type this review.

I had waited a while for this phone to be released when Nokia first announced it with the Symbian 3 OS. It has an unbeatable feature set and arguable the best camera to be found on a mobile phone, rivaling standalone point & shoot cameras. However, Symbian 3 proved to be quite a disappointment compared to the new operating systems around by then. That being said, for anyone used to Nokia phones, it was still an improvement.Quality of construction is superb, and it exudes an air of class about it including the choice of colours. Connectivity is unmatched with USB-on-the-go, HDMI output to TV which is amazing and shows great detail, and an FM transmitter that works better than many standalone FM transmitters on the market !! I streamed music through a car stereo recently, and could swear it was connected via cable, with no disruption whatsoever !! That may have a lot to do with us having no stations near the 90.0 band where I had it set, but once you find a channel that is free, this thing works in a jaw dropping manner !The whole major selling point of this phone has been the camera and it does not disappoint. It has now also been enhanced by the Symbian Anna update and now has continuous auto-focus in video recording.I finally decided to buy this phone over a year since its release for a couple of reasons which now make it a good bargain...Firstly, the camera is phenomenal and remains the best option thus far for anyone photo centric like me who might use a phone a lot as a backup when a real camera is not on hand;Secondly, because it never hit the expectation level it generated prior to its release, it has become available at a much discounted price from that it launched with, and..Thirdly and very importantly, the new Symbian Belle OS update has been promised for this phone and other Symbian 3 handsets before the end of the year, and the reviews that this version has been getting as well as numerous videos showing the N8 running on Belle shows a modern 'Android'-like interface and a smoothness not yet seen on a Symbian phone. That update alone would make the N8 feel like a product just released and give it some value to come, along with the pending Microsoft Productivity Suite updates.As it is, Symbian remains very efficient on power use which means long battery life, and good at true multitasking. The current update reduces the amount of freezing experienced, and Belle should make a world of difference, that alone makes this phone a good value-for-money proposition especially with Amazon's price !

I bought this phone from Amazon, a week back and I own a Nokia N900 too.  I wish to compare these two, as Nokia N900 is one of the greatest phones from Nokia.1)  First let me go to internet browsing.Nokia N900 is the first phone to have full flash player and the major capability is it will play videos directly in the browser, for sites like youtube, facebook etc.  Once facebook moved to latest flash player, N900 is not able to play the videos(eventhough there is a hack).Nokia N8, does not have full flash player, but it has flash lite.  I was expecting that the youtube and facebook will not be able to play the videos directly in the browser.  To my surprise, both the sites played the video in the site itself, thats really great.With respect to Nokia N900, every site determines it as a computer and hence will show the full page, instead of the mobile site, which is good, if the wifi or 3G is really good.With respect to Nokia N8, every site determines it as a mobile and hence will first display the mobile site, but if you re-route it to the full site, still it displays the sites like charm.Conclusion: with respect to internet browsing Nokia N8 does great.2)  Playing videos.Nokia N900 has a resolution of 800x480, hence the videos look very good.Nokia N8 has a resolution of 640x360, so I expected videos(good videos like HD videos) will look less attractive, but to my surprise, it looks great in Nokia N8.Nokia N900 can almost play any video format directly, like wmv, avi etc, including flv.  I am not sure whether any other phone can do/compete with this.Nokia N8 on the other hand, has the ability to play any video format, but for avi and flv there is a little trick.  When you copy an avi file, your PC may complain that this device is not capable to play it, but you can still use it as a storage and say yes to it.  To my surprise, media player picks and plays well.  For .flv files, after you copy, the media player is not going to pick it, as if it doesn't support it.  If you go to file manager and click on this .flv file, media player picks it and plays well.  I haven't tried .mkv file yet, as the mkv files that I have are all big and it is not allowing me to copy those.Conclusion: Playing videos is very good in Nokia N8.3)  Camera.Nokia N900 has 5MP camera and in this area, Nokia N8 stays way ahead with 12MP camera and xenon flash.Nokia N8 has xenon flash, which normal cameras use, still even normal cameras cannot take good pictures in dim night lighting.  Similarly N8 photos come good, if taken in close shots in night.  In daylight, photos come really good.  The beauty with N8 is its photo and video editing softwares out of the box, which are really good.HD video recording in N8 is good, provided you don't show quick movements to turn the camera to a different angle and this is mainly due to the 25 frames per second video recording.Conclusion: Nokia N8 camera and its capabilities are one of the best.4)  GPS.Nokia N900 is pretty dumb in this area too, as it doesn't have voice guidance out of box.  So lets directly jump to Nokia N8.Nokia N8 has one of the best GPS with voice guidance, one major disadvantage that I came across is, it needs 3G connection to work(I am not sure whether this is correct, what I am quoting is just my experience).  Once it connects, it works good.  I just found two minor issues, one is it informs you to take a turn just when you are few feet away to take the turn, whereas Garmin GPS informs you well ahead.  Similar way when you arrive at your destination, it says you arrived at destination, it does not say, whether your destination is on the right or left, whereas Garmin GPS tells which side your destination is going to be.Conclusion: Nokia N8 GPS is definitely good.5)  Widgets.Nokia N900 stands out with respect to widgets and its definitely the best in the industry.  You can place the widgets whereever you want, even one on top of the other.  Widgets are really useful in N900.Nokia N8 on the other hand has fixed dimensions for widgets and you can't place it whereever you like.  You need to place it in the designated places.  The main drawback for this that I found is, in email widget, you don't get much required information from the widget, you still need to jump into the mail app to know what email came to you now.  Still widgets look good in N8.Conclusion: Nokia N8 widgets are still good.6)  Chat and Voip.Nokia N900 stands out in this area too, as Skype worked with Nokia to have the skype integrated into the contacts.  Like that, google, yahoo, even sametime all are integrated into the contacts itself.  You just need to go to contacts to see who is online.  You can call that contact through various options, like gsm call or voip call using skype or skype to skype call or skype to skype video call, same way for google, yahoo etc.  It is very powerful, none of the mobile has it integrated like this.With respect to Nokia N8, I believe it is not out of box and I am not sure whether I need to install anything to get a similar experience.  I heard skype is still building an app for N8, so still I am searching for a provider who can offer video calling capabilities, so that I can use the secondary camera.Conclusion: Nokia N8's capabilities in this area are not yet explored.7)  Social networks.Nokia N900 has beautiful widgets and integration to contact well.Nokia N8 is not less to this.  It has widgets and integration to contact also well.Conclusion: Nokia N8's social network capabilities are good.8)  Bluetooth.Nokia N900 has the usual bluetooth version and it works good even with A2DP.Nokia N8 stands out in this, with latest bluetooth version 3.0.  The transfers are really fast compared to the older version.  The beauty comes with out of box drivers to support bluetooth devices like mouse, keyboard etc.  Imagine, I paired my bluetooth keyboard and mouse to the phone and it reduced the time that I spent to do the typing, a lot.  I don't have a monitor to connect using the HDMI port, if I have, then it becomes a complete system.Conclusion: This is one of the best in Nokia N8.9)  Battery life.Nokia N900, in line with all the other powerful smartphones, with all the widgets constantly checking the internet and all the chat softwares too constantly checking internet, it comes for 75% of the day and you need to charge it after that.Nokia N8, to my surprise even with all the above said things, it is able to withstand for atleast 2 days.Conclusion: Battery is really good in N8.10)  WebTV.Nokia N900 doesn't have this capability.Nokia N8: need to explore in this area.Conclusion: Need to explore in this area.11)  Micro USB capabilities.Nokia N900, not much to say.Nokia N8, can read your memory stick out of the box and will show it as a drive in the file manager.Conclusion: Micro USB in Nokia N8 is capable of more things.12)  Speakers.Nokia N900, has stereo speakers and it can produce loud sounds without any external speakers.Nokia N8, doesn't have stereo speakers, but to my surprise the sound is equally loud as N900, but I found only one problem in this area, as the speaker is in the camera compartment which directly comes in contact to the ground.  If you keep the phone down on a desk, you will not be able to hear any sound, as the speaker is blocked by the desk.  Similarly even the mic is on the same side, so if you talk over phone handsfree, by keeping the phone on the desk, both the parties are not going to hear properly.13)  FM transmitter and internet radio.Nokia N900 is outstanding in this area.  If you find to get your popular radio stations URL from internet, you just need to grab the URL and give it to the media player, then N900 can stream your radio station live from internet either using wifi or 3G, which means even if you are in any part of the world, you will be able to hear your favourite radio station live.  Using the build-in FM transmitter, you can transmit to your own car radio.Nokia N8 has the FM transmitter, which is equally good to N900.  Even though N8 has internet radio concept, it is basically app based, which means whatever stations the app is providing, thats what you are going to hear.  If you want to do the same things as above(like grabbing an url and feeding it to media player), I am not sure how to do it.Conclusion: FM transmitter is really good, but internet radio needs some improvement.I hope, I covered the review of some distinct features apart from the usual ones.

After purchasing the N8 in May 2011, in July 2012 it ceased to work.  One morning it was operating normally, then it shut off (phone not subjected to harsh environments). Did all the troubleshooting and notified Nokia to which they informed me to turn it in to a 3rd party repair facility at my cost.  The phone worked very well during it operation with some bugs time to time from updates. Overall, the operating system was fairly stable.  It is disappointing that a device that cost over $300 in 2011 only lasted just over a year.2013 Update: Decided to take the N8 to a 3rd party cell shop in September 2013 and it was determined that the battery had died.  Once they placed an order for a Nokia brand battery, my N8 is now operating.  Much better than having to spend a couple of hundred dollars on another phone.  Though the OS is dated, with the updates, it still has been stable.  The number dials sometimes do not respond when using an automated service, but very rare. After using a phone with physical QWERTY keys, the N8 keys for texting seemed too clustered to type effectively.  The camera still takes very good pictures. Let see how long it will this time.

I'll point out the negatives first. This phone runs the Symbian OS, which Nokia is abandoning for Windows Phone 7 (and Meego, perhaps). Symbian is not nearly as intuitive as its competitors, which is unfortunate because it is just as technically capable if not more so. The system is riddled with inconsistencies and haphazard placement of options. App availability and ease of installation is seriously lacking (the Ovi store is garbage).That said, multitasking is far superior compared to other systems, especially considering the hardware resources available on the N8. This is a byproduct of Symbian's longevity in the market (which is also the source of aforementioned consistency issues). Updates to the OS will be coming this year, but don't expect too much. Another byproduct of Symbian and the hardware is ridiculous battery life, considering the camera, flash, and various network connections.Think desktop Linux vs. Windows 7 or Mac OSX and you'll have an idea.Summary:Not many "apps" available. (Face it, most of you just download games anyway. Perhaps their lack of availability here will be a positive influence on your life.)Amazing camera (12MP, fast, real xenon flash), incredible at this price point. This alone makes the N8 a serious competitor for the price.Great battery life.GPS, maps, and navigation without an Internet connection for free. No more Google Maps failures when you were relying on it (see this constantly among iPhone users).Pentaband, works on any 3G/GSM network in the entire world (since you're buying an unlocked phone, this is probably an important consideration).Extremely durable casing with a Corning glass scratch resistant screen. With a rubber case you literally cannot break it unless you drop it in water.The only smartphone available in many different colors. Can you think of another smartphone that is orange, cyan, or magenta? Some really won't care about this, but I love that fact that it is orange. It is definitely not just another black rectangular solid.Need a phone that works everywhere, takes great pictures, has excellent battery life, is invincible, and can navigate in most countries of the world without a connection? Don't care about "apps"?If you meet that description, this phone is absolutely your best option at the moment.On an unrelated note, this phone proves Nokia still makes some of the best hardware out there. Microsoft made an excellent decision paying them a billion dollars (really) to switch to their platform. Don't write off Windows Phone yet.

Reading some of the reviews here comparing this to some Android and iPhone; I felt I had to add my two cents and a few points. I have owned all types of cell phones and this is the one I use daily. (iPhone 3,4,Galaxy S, etc...)1) This phone's MAIN function, being a TELEPHONE is flawless! SUPERB call quality, and no network drops. That's right fruit lovers, a phone that WORKS!2) This phone has only a 680mhz main CPU. TRUE, but it doesn't NEED a faster processor = more battery LIFE.3) This phone has only a 256mb main RAM. TRUE, but it doesn't NEED any more due to the efficiency of Symbian^3 = more battery LIFE.(RAM consumes power for those that didn't know)4) This phone has dedicated graphics processor which makes it very snappy, your 1Ghz CPU phone doesn't...5) GPS module is good->great with FREE lifetime navigation. (Nokia owns the world's LARGEST map company; NAVTEQ, for those that didn't know)6) Pentaband network; FM receiver/transmitter; Bluetooth 3.0; Wi-Fi G/N; integrated VOIP. This phone connects to virtually anything made by man, anywhere in the world.7) HDMI + Dolby output, 12Mp camera. This phone takes photos and videos in very good quality.8) I will be the first to admit Symbian^3 isn't the most intuitive UI at the moment, but there are 2 planned updates for 2011 Q1 and Q3.9) OviStore is still in it's growing phase, but it is getting better and much of it due in part to this phone.10) I would highly recommend the OtterBox case for this, not the one Amazon lists in the buy together.OtterBox Impact Case for Nokia N8Hope this helps clear some things up for you, I obviously like my phone and just had to buy another for my wife because she would not leave mine alone.

When I purchased the N8, I was expecting the same quality I've come to love about Nokia phones. Unfortunately, the N8 has been a huge disappointment. I actually purchased two N8's-- one for me and one for my wife. Both phones would freeze up and would also randomly restart. My phone in particular had a bug with the text application-- I couldn't delete a text message.I returned both phones to be replaced. On a positive note, it wasn't a hassle to do this. Nokia was quite helpful. Sadly, the replacement phones were just as bad. I'm returning both phones for a refund.If you're thinking of purchasing this phone, don't do it!

Hasta ahora me ha parecido excelente, sus funciones son excelentes es r&aacute;pido navegar por los men&uacute;, la conexi&oacute;n a Internet es r&aacute;pida, la c&aacute;mara toma muy buenas fotos, el reproductor se escucha n&iacute;tido, la grabaci&oacute;n de v&iacute;deos es muy buena, me encanta poder abrir archivos de pen drive en el celular modificarlos y hasta enviarlos por correo, es como tener una computador :) lo &uacute;nico malo es que no trajo el simbyan`ANNA, y el conector para escuchar m&uacute;sica es muy simple y no brinda buena calidad de sonido.

This is a value for money product. My cell phone always follows the available cam and in last 1 and a half years I have clicked amazing pics with this cell. The new Symbian Belle provides a really better interface and is a welcome change to old S3.Amazing features such as FM transmitter, very high quality sound recorder, 12 MP cam, 720p video recording (30 fps), USB on the go etc. make it a great device to own.

As a former owner of the Nokia E90, which was by far the most amazing phone ever, I was nervous about switching to a touchscreen only phone.  This phone has everything you could need, and although my big fingers continue to stumble, the phone is amazing.  Just took aver 2500 pictures on a trip to Europe, and these pictures were better than any of the cameras others had brought! The talk quality is great, and with wifi and bluetooth, I can always stay connected. I like the 3 home screens, and and still finding apps to put on. So overall, this phone is better is than anything I have seen in other peoples hands. Screen colors are amazing. Plenty of memory available.Pros: Nokia quality construction, light (almost too), speed, and being unlocked so I am not a slave to a service!!  Pics are amazing, music sound quality is good.Cons: the OS is not perfectly smooth - it is way better than S60v3, and does everything my kid's android phones do. So far the only real glitch was trying to send an email with an attachment that is too large - it took 3 days and the removal of the email config to stop the "can't send" error messages, and the battery overheating from the effort.I realize unlocked phones, and Nokia phones, are not for everyone.  Although Nokia continues to work on what they want to be when they grow up, I am really happy with the phone, and recommend it.

I always choose nokia, because the phones are very good.The N8 is also one of the best camera-phones I've seen to date, and delivers good call quality and battery life. That said, it still falls short on a number of fronts, including ease of use, navigation, and integrated services.

After 4 years with the same old 6210 its nice to have a new phone.  Some of the features are really good but the voice activated dialling is rubbish and I have British accent but it cant even handle simple british names.  Nokia should give the option for recording your own voice, as in older models.  The maps free license is the main reason I bought it as I travel a lot and the free maps etc is very useful.  Its very slippery and needs a cover or a strap otherwise I'd constantly drop it.  I like the 3 separate home screens, useful for personal, business etc.  Its taking me time to get used to a touch screen and I still miss hard buttons to press.  I'm much slower at texting on this phone and make a lot more errors, even with the full qwerty keyboard in landscape mode!  I have played around with the email facility which was easy enough to set up but its also not something I'd use.  The internet is very easy to use and useful sometimes for me.  I'd recommend it, especially if you are already used to touch screen phones.  I still keep accidentally catching the 'end call'  when an incomming call comes in.  Its right in the area you'd naturally hold when you get the phone out of your bag or pocket.

previous owner of N73, N95 8Gb, N97mini, N900.Have the N8 now 3 months bought it on amazon, all I can say is this is the best Nokia made so far.First the good stuff:Housing is solid aluminum, no plastics !upgraded memory with 32 Gigs, works great.the multi tasking is smooth, the camera is absolutely amazing, pictures and video are breathtaking quality, no other cell can come even close to this quality, even digital cams have competition from this phone.The on board video editor is also a great feature, and allows you to patch audio tracks to ur clips. (movie maker in Windows7 for 1 reason puts all video imaging from N8 up side down in in mirror view. the HDMI port is very handy!, THANX Nokia !)Since January 2011 skype is available for the N8, to bad it doesn't allow video conferencing.Battery life is 1.5 to 2 days with intense use, but use your car charger when navigating with maps.music player: good stuff !Maps works flawless with voice turn to turn, and good old times are back where home addresses stored in contacts can be deployed directly into maps !The not so good stuff:camera lenz is unprotected, so be very carefull !the internet hyperlinks you will create on 1 of ur desktops have no unique icons, so very hard to recognize and remember.OVI store still sucks, 70% of apps are useless, get real Nokia do something about this, clean up the rubbish...OVI suite for PC still sucks, useless piece of software ! works slower then any turtle on this planet, get rid of those IT guys behind it, it's an embarrassment compared to the phone quality.Additional comments now april 2011:Have been using this phone now in most parts of the world, the navigation keeps blowing my mind, the accuracy in asia, europe, carribean and US is breathtaking, and saved me from getting lost every day during my travels.Battery life stays superb after 6 months now of intens useOVI store and software just got improved , THANX Nokia team !OVI apps are still 90% worthless, but the good 10% improved dramatically.HD vdo stuns every one I show my video's to, it's amazing even on a 72" screen it still awes you.now i'm comfortable with the desktops, i can blindfolded operate the N8...email sometimes becomes sluggish after weeks, just reboot it once a month and ur fine, or dump emails older then 1 week.so far no software jams, nor hick ups.Conclusion after 6 months : it is indeed the best phone ever marketed by Nokia !wish-list to improve N8: none, N8's got it all, a brilliant device for only 400 $!!!!!

the best smartphone: 5.1 sound, 12-megapixel camera, fm radio, fm transmitter, excellent touchscreen, free GPS, etc.. The symbian3 is not so "friendly"as IPHONE but the hardware is spectacular and much more complete.The best cost-benefit. I bought a second N8 (gift for my sister) after using my N8 during three months(in Brazil).You can buy without fear.

I am from Angola and i bought a Nockia n8 in Amazon and it was a great experience, the product shape, features of mobile now i can use GPS guide wherever i go,  i was bit concern about use this here n Angola, but now i can see that tha's works.

I would rate it as 4.5 stars if Amazon lets me.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks now. Before getting this phone I also considered getting an Android phone or upgrading to iPhone 4. I had an iPhone 3g before which is a great phone, but overall based on my top preferences I switched to Nokia N8. Of course I also thought about the price since the N8 gets no subsidies from any carrier, but I realized I can just sell whatever iPhone I get when I renew my contract (oh and the data plan is cheaper for the N8, please read on).CAMERA: #1 reason. I wasn't satisfied with iPhone's weak camera. Even my much older phone (2006 model) had 5mp and a flash! I also had an option to upgrade to iPhone 4 with 5mp camera to even it out, but 2010 that is below par compared to most high end phones. Besides, I also dont really like bringing my digital camera. I like to travel light and not worry about forgetting my camera. Top Andriod phones have 8mp, which by megapixel count would have been good enough for me. But I want something closer to a dedicated digital camera - which translates to Xenon flash and larger camera sensor size. Overall, picture quality is great. It takes 2-3 seconds to turn it on, which is just a bit slower to compact cameras.GPS Voice Navigation: It's free, as fast as my brother's Garmin to load and locate, and has turn-by-turn voice navigation. Google Maps is nowhere close to this. I am really bad at multitasking and the worst I can do is look at my phone or printed maps for directions while driving. Android has pretty good voice navigation too.DATA PLAN: I'm with AT&T; right now and I dislike being forced to pay for smartphone data plan that I don't use! I unlocked my iPhone and installed something so it would use 0 data, but AT&T; still detected the iPhone regardless and began charging me. Maybe I did something wrong with the unlocking. Anyways, AT&T; doesnt recognize the N8 as a smartphone so I can either get $15 unlimited data plan or no data plan at all whenever I want. In the long run that saves $15 a month if either right now you are paying $30 right unlimited or $15 for data plan you dont use. x24 months if I had been on a 2 year contract. That's $360 total! Compensates for the big initial expense.The N8 has other good features such as great build quality (no cheap plastic feeling), penta band (when I go abroad), and HDMI out (which is super fun to use for games,  pictures, and movies). But overall the three above are my top reasons for buying it.However, despite all these great features, the N8 definitely falls behind with applications. There's the "oh most iPhone and Android apps are junks anyways," but I could say the same about Nokia. I'm not really an apps person, but I do miss most of the games from my iPhone. It's still a pretty new phone so hopefully new games would come out. At least N8 has Angry Birds... I wont give it 5 stars until more non-junk apps become available.In summary, if you want an all-in-one phone with great camera and GPS navigation and don't really care about applications and mobile internet, then this phone is perfect. But if you do a lot of gaming and social apps like Facebook, this phone might be disappointing.Hope this helps!

You've probably read enough about the phones features here or in other reviews, I won't be discussing these too much since it seems rather redundant. I'd rather share my current experience since I've had the phone.* This phone or the more recent production batches of them seem to have a display issue in which the screens black levels look purple (magenta). This coloration doesn't seem to affect 100% blacks or at least is impossible for the eye to tell. Also, this happens under most lighting conditions, with the exception of outside daylight.Unfortunately, I did not this before I bought the phone, however this is an issue that has been thoroughly discussed throughout the web and Nokia's own support discussions both here in the US and in Europe. It seems that Nokia has not fully acknowledged this issue regardless of customer complaints. They have only expressed that they would keep a close eye on the problem, that's all. In other words, unless they have complaints by the majority of users, they are probably not going to bother to reach out to customers and you'll have to do all the time wasting, stressing and work.Anyhow, I called amazon and told them about the issue and they sent me another one asap. The second phone still has these problems.While I realize that most AMOLED screens suffer from slight blue/purple (magenta) coloration, this phone's issue goes beyond slight. A black and white photo should never look purple. I've tested it with gray scale images from my computer and get the same results. Darker GUI (eg. buttons, tabs, etc.) elements should not look purple or extreme color banding. These are just specific scenarios, expect to experience this issue with videos, color images, etc.The specs state 16.7 million color display, however it looks like an 8-bit color display.My next option is to send it to Nokia Care, although I'm a bit afraid because I've read of many customers doing the same only to get the same faulty looking screen back.* The other issue with the phone, is that if you buy this phone U.S version, don't expect to get your OS updated anytime soon. Symbian Anna has been released for several months and released to many phones across the globe, except this one. Nokia has stated it's not yet available in the U.S even though this is not at all true. The Nokia E6 U.S version sold by Amazon comes with it pre-installed.*** The reason I'm trying so hard to keep this phone (other good features aside) is because this is the only available phone out in the market that works with both AT&T; and T-mobile GSM networks.*** If I do get it repaired by Nokia Care I will come back and rate the phone 4-5 stars. If it weren't for these issues, the phone would out right deserve them.Hopefully this will hep your decision with your purchase, best of luck to you all.Thanks!

I have always been a huge Nokia fan but bailed in favor of android devices a while back. I couldn't resist giving the N8 a shot to see what advances Symbian 3 had made. All I can say is it hasn't come very far. When you are used to the blinding speed of advancement in the android space its hard to imagine how Nokia are going to stay relevant.This is amazing piece of hardware, but how frustrating it is to be back on symbian. I dont even know where to start suffice to say that I am back on android after only a few days with N8. I was very disappointed as I had high hopes.N8 Pro:Excellent battery lifeBest camera of any phoneFinally has threaded texting (as long as it took isnt a good sign for Nokia)N8 cons:Not many prosKeyboard sucksBrowser sucksExchange client sucksStill cant type direct in a text boxLimited widgetsLimited appsSluggish UINo wifi tetherSmallish screen for size of deviceAmoled screen isnt even close to vibrantIf maemo and symbian 3 are the best Nokia can offer I would think they would be best off to leave symbian 3 on their feature phones and adopt android for smartphones. Android is a tidal wave they just arent going to be able to stand in front of. Unless you are a huge symbian fan or have apps that only run on symbian then give this one a miss.

At first I had doubts about selling products, but then I found that it really works, I bought a nokia n8 and it is 100% original

No HTML 5 support for location services (Twitter, 4sq and so on).  Most other mobile and desktop browsers support a version of GeoLocation, using Javascript and the DOM, this browser does not support that yet.Also being a small business owner in the past I was able to link my lotus notes contacts list to my Nokia phones.  Seems Nokia is consumer focused with this phone and will not support importing contacts list from Lotus anymore.  You have to use their OVI web site.  My N95 it just worked, now with the N8 I have to jump through a few hoops to make it work and give a copy to the OVI cloud.  Not happy about having to provide my personal contacts information to the OVI service.Last, in my humble opinion Symbian^3 seems to be better than what was on the N97 but still "old" looking interface.  They want to keep the phone look and feel to what it has been for many years now, but take away the Lotus support they too have had for many years.  I guess they are the leader in phone OS so they get the final say.Over all not really that happy with my N8

Nokia N8 is an awsome phone with loads of features. Before I bought N8 I considered Android bases Samsung Captivate, Windows 7 based HTC HD7, Samsung Focus. None of them gives u as many goodies as N8 does. And for really affordable price as well. It hardly took time to configure this phone. Yes I did spent quite some time tweaking GPS configs until Satellite picked up the location. I installed couple of cool free apps from Ovi including Opera 10.1, Compass, Sticky notes. Configuring wifi on it was a zoom. Click click n go. Overall a delightful experience. Would recommend it if you need a highend smartphone for affordable price with goodies like free gps, HD recording, 12 MP camera, 16 gb memory! BTW dont be fooled by the processor speeds, N8 processor is more than enough for the efficient Symbion OS.

Ive been using this cell phone for 2 months and Ive been having some pros and cons with this cell phone:Pros:OS - You can manage your files as you desire, delete, download, and many other things.Unlocked - really good thing its unlocked and you can use it with ANY company in the world with no problems. This is one of the reasons I bought this phone.HDMI - Amazing to view the images directly on TV and the details are really nice, but I dont use much this part.Camera - The best camera you can get in a phone and the big screen is great to deal with the photos. Also, the picture manager is very good to crop and change your photos.Solid - the phone is very solid, beautiful, I prefer much more the dark gray version.GPS - its great to have GPS in a cell phone, it gives the name and number of where you are or where you are looking for.Multitasking - REAL MULTITASKING, you can leave your application opened and do other things and get back to that download you were doing.Cons:OS - Good and bad... Very unstable and a little bit hard to use. As an ipod user, I feel that iphone has a much nicer and fast OS than N8. There are many apps for N8, but lets face it, iphone is much better in this part. Also, I really feel that this phone is slow and the interface really doesnt help most times. Photos disapear when I connect N8 to my computer.Texting - texting IS HORRIBLE in this phone. Seriously, I always make mistakes since N8 is not very responsive and the space bar is TOO much close the letter N. Also, you dont have QWERTY in straight position, so you gotta change it to horizontal, which is a pain sometimes when you wanna do things fast.GPS - its good and bad. Sometimes it changes de language for no reason.Reset - During calls my phone resetsOverall, I think its a good phone. The price is OK, quality is good, but Nokia did a bad thing with going to Windows OS for their phones. How is it gonna be for us that use Symbian? Are we goona be left aside and see other Nokia phones with Windows get all the improvements?

I HAVE OWNED A NUMBER OF CELL PHONES AND THE N8 IS BY FAR THE BEST I HAVE EVER OWNED.  THE CAMERA WITH 12.0 MEGA PIXEL GIVE YOU VERY CLEAR PICTURES.  IT IS A VERY POWERFUL PHONE WITH MANY PROGRAMS THAT CAN BE DOWNLOADED TO GIVE YOU MORE OPTIONS.

this phone was great. thanks. it was a nice experience with this purchase. it was shipped on time, came in original packing. phone works abroad immediately.

I purchased this almost two years ago. Have traveled overseas with it and domestically. It operates great. The camera is better than my Canon and Nikon point and shoot. The Carl Zeiss lens take clear images with great detail. Phone clarity is great. Nokia still makes a great product and plan to purchase the newest window phone as soon as its available thru T-Mobile insteat of AT&T.

This is basically the best phone I ever owned. Why? Because it has functions that I dreamed about having in my phone. I am not a multiple gadget guy, so I like having just one with everything. Nokia N8 does just that. It has a fantastic camera which rivals of even exceeds that of a regular point-and-shoot, powerful music player which delivers fantastic sound, all kinds of connectivity options: Wi-Fi, 3G, Bluetooth.......and most importantly the call quality. Its just better. Then again it has its drawbacks, like its hard to find stuff in the menus, but thats probably because I have this phone for about 6 hours. About the app store...Why do people complain about it? It has tons of apps that are functional, there are a lot that I would use everyday, not like the IPhone or Android (I had both). Those app store are full of junk, and not a lot of usefull apps. So thats about it. If you are willing to cope with not the best UI, and would like to see lots of features and have great call quality, then this is the phone for you.

I ordered this direct from Nokia and have been using it on AT&T; for about a week.I wanted to like this phone so badly. It looks like it was designed by brilliant engineers, only to be taken away and ruined at the last minute by a horde of clueless pencil-pushers. It's like you can see Nokia's legendary infighting in action.This would be an amazing $350 phone. The form factor and build quality must be seen to be believed, and it does the basics very well (HDMI/composite out is a really cool feature but useless for me). But for the same price as the latest Android/iPhone? No way.The camera, while excellent has a huge Achilles heel: no lens cover, and no included lens cloth. What good is a Zeiss Tessar lens when it's covered with fingerprints and pocket fuzz (and just you wait until it gets scratched!)? Also, you can't silence the shutter tone (great for weddings!). The touchscreen can be buggy after unlocking via the slider - half the time you can't swipe from one home screen to the next, or it goes out of order. Oh, and the keyboard really is as bad as the reviews say.The default GMail app can't archive. No touch events/HTML5 for the Web browser, which is a moot point because even moderately intensive sites like Sladshdot slow the phone to an unbearable crawl. No multitouch at all besides pinch/zoom in the browser and photo viewer. I described my feelings on the phone to my girlfriend, a teacher, who compared it to a C student who gets A+'s on his exams but never does his homework. That's fairly apt, I think.I went by Best Buy and bought a Galaxy S. The difference is night and day. I'm calling Nokia for an RMA tomorrow.edit: I see now that Ovi Maps, the browser, and others are due for updates - but IMHO having to move to beta-quality software immediately upon release to get a $550 smartphone experience is not acceptable.

Cool phone, desgined for the ones who love watcing movies, playing games, love taking pics and looking for high quality videos

Como celular es lo maximo en Nokia, la limitante de Nokia es la garantia si se compra desde fuera de los EE.UU. ya que Nokia solo dara la garantia en el pais donde se vendio, asi que imaginense si llegase a tener algun problema y requiere garantia, habra que pagar un flete de envio de ida y vuelta para ser reparado o reemplazado en garantia, pero como celular es excelente, yo personalmente he comprado varios en total tres, uno para mi y otros para unos amigos y no he tenido problemas con ellos, a excepcion del MMS y parece ser que es porque mi proveedor de servicio de linea es quien no tiene la plataforma para el modelo.

La compra fue de la mas segura y confiable, el objecto comprado aunque era usado llego en perfecto estado y funcionando a lo maximo

I've been following reviews and previews for months while searching for my next phone. I was immediately blown away by the specs sheet of the N8. Still, after reading many biased reviews (even before its release), I almost turned away.. Besides, I've never owned a nokia phone before. I always went for SE brand but now their options are a bit limited.This is the one phone that has everything I need and more. Now Ive finally got it. Do I regret my decision? Not one bit. I simply love this phone. Sure the UI may not be as pretty as android and IOS but there are no seroius deficiencies on Symbian 3. Mulitmedia wise nothing out there comes close. This phone does many things the competition cannot, and does them well. For anyone who wants to get the N8, I say get the N8. Its a great phone that offers a lot. It may not be the cheapest but its way better value than the more expesive competitors. Not to mention the hardware. There's a real high end sturdy but elegant feel to it. This is the best phone Ive ever owned and overall may very well be the best multimedia phone available.UPDATE:After having this phone for a month, what can I say? It continues to impress. I havent used my 10MP point and shoot camera since because the N8 camera performs so well even indoors and in low light. It has so far outperformed all the point and shoots I have personally come across so far. Observers have stopped, taken note and admitted that this is 'as good as it gets'. Of course there are minor nuisances that can be taken care of with software updates but this continues to be a one of a kind truely great phone.

This is a very nice phone But the Battery dose not last as advertised mine last only 2.5 days with moderate use.The screen is excelent.wi fi is cool.The gps feature worked only once and i cannot get it to work again.

this phone does not send text messages with AT@T, NOKIA does not have a fix, their "fix" is temporary. BUT if you want great pictures, awesome video, and super clear calling feature, i would have given it a 5 star!!. but i do need to text and that was the deal breaker..still no permanent fix for the text messaging after weeks of trying, my i phone wife is laughing at me now...Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver/White)

Excellent Nokia N8, your camera is amazing I recommend it from the store ovi can download an unlimited number of applications for all uses social networking, entertainment or work.In short, the Nokia N8 is very comprehensive and I recommend it is also completely free to use anywhere in the world.

Lo recib&iacute; en mi pa&iacute;s el d&iacute;a 24 de diciembre y ya con una semana de uso puedo decir que es un equipo espectacular. La realidad es que me esperaba menos, siempre los equipos Nokia que he tenido han sido algo lentos y toscos, pero este es r&aacute;pido y elegante en las transiciones y funcionamiento. Realmente SYMBIAM 3 ha usado muy bien la velocidad del procesador y la memoria disponible.Lo que m&aacute;s me gusta del equipo es la rapidez y la fluidez con la que navego por las diferentes opciones, cosa que me place de sobremanera ya que mis anteriores equipos, N95 y N97, eran bastante lentos. Los juegos son espectaculares, en 3D y super sencillos de jugar. El reproductor de m&uacute;sica es excelente, hicieron un gran trabajo, muy elegante y sencillo de usar. La visualizaci&oacute;n de fotos y videos es genial, finalmente puedo ver mis videos AVI y WMV sin problemas, adem&ntilde;as puedo ver MPEG y los MP4. La c&aacute;mara es demasiado poderosa, la detecci&oacute;n de caras es lo &uacute;nico que no he podido probar, pero el video y fotos de paisajes han sido impresionantes. Menci&oacute;n especial para la pantalla que finalmente hace que sea realmente TOUCH y no PRESS SCREEN como la del N97.Lo &uacute;nico que no me agrada mucho es que solo tienes una salida de audio, que a pesar de sonar duro y n&iacute;tido esta ubicada en un punto donde por lo general siempre est&aacute; cubierta o por el forro o por el sitio donde coloque el m&oacute;vil. Est&aacute; casi que al lado del lente de la c&aacute;mara.Finalmente, puedo decir que este equipo ser&iacute;a perfecto si viniera acompa&ntilde;ado de 32GB de memor&iacute;a y con su forro. Ya he comprado el forro, me faltan 16GB de memoria, pero hasta los momentos puedo dar 5 estrellas sin pensarlo pues tengo en mis manos un equipo mucho m&aacute;s funcional, resistente, elegante y avanzado que iPhones, Blackberry o HTC.

Exelente telefono este Nokia N8 no tiene nada que nevidiarle al black berry de verdad,toma unas fotos increibles tanto como en el dia y la noche con su flash xenon.Se los Recomiendo Amigos y Amigas

hi i recived the fhone and not working. I press the bottom on/off and it not on , then i connect to the wall charger and didnt work i dont know what happen . What can i do?

A very good unlocked phone with very good reception and voice . My wife has an Iphone it keeps on disconnecting calls when we went to Carlsbad , CA vs the N8 which never dropped a call so far . As for the using it as modem ( or teethering ) to share internet either usb or wifi ( you need to download software to use this feature ) to laptop it is very dependable with good strong signal with 3G .As for picture quality of it's camera --- it is the best so far with very good quality pictures except if it's in the dark but with broad daylight 5 stars with focus .Only thing I'm not yet maybe used to this phone , is it's touch screen only function especially typing c/o I have big fingers so it slow me down and having some difficulty . But maybe I need stylus to use ... it might help . That is why I gave it only 4 Stars but over - all otherwise 5 all in all if there is a secondary keyboard . Hope this review will help you decide on your next smart phone ... N8 is one of the best cellphone I have .

The phone has everything, but I am desappointed about the keyboard. it isn't like the blackberry keyboard, with one letter by key, but like the old telephone with three letters in the same key.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono de alta definici&oacute;n con la conectividad de sus predecesores pero con 3 veces la velocidad en ejecuci&oacute;n de las aplicaciones.Nokia ha hecho una excelente combinaci&oacute;n de capacidad funcional del tel&eacute;fono y velocidad en el procesamiento.

After the unmitigated disaster that was the Nokia N97, the N8 gives Nokia one last true effort at redemption. For a company that was initially the world leader in mobile phone sales, having nearly twice the market share as its nearest competitor, Nokia has fallen way behind indeed as the leading technology innovator, in recent years. It's really all due to poor leadership. It began with copying all the bad habits of competitors (like placing loudspeaker grills at the backs instead of infront or at the sides of phones), and abandoning first principles (like no longer making products user friendly/very easy to use.) With the N8, the company is attempting to reclaim lost glory, and ground.Having literally thrown the N97 in the garbage a few times, I can honestly state that using the N8 is a vaaaaaaaaaaslty better experience. Although the software continues to be more complicated to use at times than it really ought to be, there is far more to like about the phone than dislike.For one, the software is a lot more stable, though not rock solid. There are still occasional bugs that annoy - try marking all text messages in a folder and scrolling, and the phone will freeze for a a minute or two before finally flinging the list of texts across the screen. When responding to a text in conversation mode, you literally have to hard "tap" the input area for the phone to respond. A light press of the finger won't do. In portrait mode, sometimes touching a symbol like a question mark or exclamation point for a text message, requires two or three presses, and almost never works with a thumb. An index or other finger is definitely preferred.Overall though, the capacitive touch experience is nearly on par with that of the Iphone, the screen is bright, everything on the phone works as it's supposed to, and all the programs installed are much more accessible than before. A particularly happy highlight is the process for setting up email accounts - a more straightforward process I do not know of.But perhaps the real genius of this phone are its photo and video abilities. I can't tell you the difference between HD and otherD, blue ray or dvd, but I can recognize a good photo when I see one or good video when I watch it. The phone's camera is so good you'll not only want to take more and more pictures, but it will make you believe you're actually a pretty decent photographer. It's just that good. The videos look like they were shot by a hollywood studio with a large production budget, and are *crystal* *clear!!!*Of course, with all that good stuff, those wonderful people at Nokia had to find *something* to screw up - the phone has only one loudspeaker port located on the back of the handset right next to the camera lens, on the protruding camera module...(eyes rolling.) The problem is that, because of its location, if you place the phone face up on a desk, table or other flat surface, the loudspeaker is automatically muffled to the point of uselessness.... And, if you just happen to lay the phone down on its back on something soft, like a couch, easy chair or bed, YOU CAN'T HEAR ANY SOUND. Not phone calls, text messages, email notificaions. Nothing. Yes. I know it's hard to believe but, the people at Nokia really are.that.stupid.You can't make perfection the enemy of the good so... it's still a great phone and one of Nokias best in a long, looooooong time, and I should know. I've only bought Nokias in the last 12 years.

Excellent phone recommend it 100%. Note that your screen is not because it's grate and cover Glas Gorilla is anodized aluminum.Anna Symbian ... not yet

I was scared to order this phone after reading some of the reviews. I'm glad I went ahead and got it. I had iPhone 4 and I like this one better. I didn't think anything could compare to iPhone. I was wrong! gREAT phone, even if my dog ate the wall charger...lol. Accessories for it are cheap on amazon did I say how much I love this phone?

Well I have owned Nokia's for about 15 years. Each Nokia has lasted me around 4 years. My last Nokia (which I still have and use as a internet device aroudn the house) was the Nokia N95-3. This was the greatest phone ever created at the time (in my opinion) and set the bar for phones to follow. This revolutionized my subway travel experience and I would listen to music, play a game, send texts, and go online all at once and it was a pleasure to use. It did have a few problems with shutting off without notice and rebooting which was annoying but the pro's greatly outweighed the con's. Up until recently I ordered the Nokia N8. I have followed all the reviews on this phone and personally, when i get a phone I am in it for the long haul because I hate to constantlty refigure the settings, music etc...so my choice had to be as close to optinal as possible. My Nokia N95 took many videos of my family events and vacations in near DVD quality video and had an on board video and photo editor that many people could not believe I did the work I did on my phone riding the NYC subways. So to pick a new phone is like picking a new technological relationship. I chose the Nokia N8 because of the advanced 12 mp photography and Xenon flash. I know that other people had interface and software problems but I wanted to wait until the Anna update was in place and somewhat tried. When my phone arrived, it had Anna pre-installed which I was happy about as it was unclear that it was being shipped with Anna. So, here is my review of the N8.The User interface is something to get used to coming from a dual slider N95. It is slightly overly responsive and takes some getting used to. I am used to the Symbian system so setting up book marks cuts down on the tap'age that is needed to do simple tasks. The Rhapsody interface was a problem at first but when in doubt, erase and re-add usually does the trick for licensed music. Multi-tasking does not seem to lag despite the lower RAM. I am very power conscious and usually do not keep more than 3 or 4 programs open at one time. Camera is brilliant. Have not taken any videos yet but will do so soon. I am expecting 30 fps with Anna. Internet is very good and reasonably fast (faster than my N95). Screen is great but again, Touch is a new thing and takes some getting used to. The phone itself is a work of art but slippery so I ordered a case for it. Short cuts are key so set them up asap. Power management is pretty good. I expect about 1 day of heavy use which I have gotten for the past few days and with time I will need to charge during the day i am sure. Have not tried the GPS but I am sure it will work ok. N95 was a little basic but did the job so hopefully N8 will be better. One very annoying thing is the voice dialing. On N95 it was a tinny computer voice that was fairly rough sounding but worked. i had expcected the N8 to have an updated clearer voice but it is the same, if not more tinny than the N95! After 4 years, not clearer? Voice commands are a must. That needs improvement. Text in portriat mode also needs to be a little bigger. A little difficulty to type but maybe that will get easier in time. All in all, I am happy with the N8. You just need to customize it to your liking. Flashlight would be great if it had a spare workable LED.  I was waiting for an optical zoom to come out and actually today I think I heard there is one coming next year from Nokia. I am a Nokia Loyalist so hopefully in another 4 years there will be all I want and more. Other phones do a nice job but the Nokia, I think, is still built to last. I would like to give 5 stars but I will save that for a better operating system and software. Symbian 3^ just feels like an upgraded version of the N95 Symbian that looks a little nicer but has the same engine under the hood. My wife mentioned that when I got the N95 I was so amazed by the device and she noticed that after I had this one, I looked underwhelmed. Maybe but to be fair, N8 is still very new and I do like it but as a testomonial to the N95, it has big shoes to fill in terms of being an easy to use workhorse. I do miss playing Chess on N95. Touch screen Chess without a Styulis pen is very difficult. I looked at the N9 but the high price, questionable compatibility with T-mobile, Micro Sim, lack of expandable memory, and lower resolution and flash quality made me opt for the N8. Amazon reviews helped me with my decision so I hope this review helps others. Also, Amazon was fantastic in delivery and packaging.

What's good:  you can drop this phone without breaking its screen (gorilla glass), the picture/video quality is excellent, calls are clear both ways, 16 gb built-in memory, good-quality music player, free GPS.What's bad:  Glitchy (even with the update, this phone will freeze sometimes and may seem slow compared to the new iPhone and Android-based phones), limited app store (it's nothing like what Apple or Android have to offer), software is not intuitive (everything from the internet browser to the picture gallery requires many steps in order to be used), slippery (several other reviewers and I found the aluminum exterior to have a fairly bad grip--getting an O T T E R case for about $10 is highly recommended).Verdict:  If you want an unlocked phone for under $300, this is probably your best bet.  I use it on an unlocked phone service provider, SIM ple mobile and pay $40/month with unlimited talk, text, and internet (fairly slow).  I also bought a SIM card while I was in Eastern Europe and the phone worked perfectly fine while I was there.  Get it if you want to save money and don't mind slower internet speeds and occasional restarts.

Unless you need a great camera phone this one is not a good choice. It's buggy!! Almost none of the apps work smoothly over time. Some apps just stop working and i need to remove/reinstall them. Even music player is buggy, when you delete music it keeps the empty folders unless you do some magical things in private folders and so on, not a user friendly stuff. It has a lot of features but really most of them are not functional. FM transmitter, hdmi out - cool outstanding stuff, do they work? - nope, just sometimes, depending on weather in Finland i guess. FM transmitter sound quality also sucks. Updates take 4ever, i guess because of symbian capabilities... Very sad they dumped meego/maemo, they were much more promising:(I traded mine for SG2+$200 which made this world a better place:) It's not as stylish as n8 but guess what - it works always, independent of weather in South or North Korea!Bottom line: unless you need a great camera and good offline navigation don't go for this phone.

This phone is great i have nothing bad to say about this phone but the customer service lacks in every category that makes this phone a 1 star. First of all NokiaUSA is just a bunch of idiots they do not fix nothing, they will return your broken phone to you even if is still under warranty and they do not care that you spent 400$ for a cell. Compared to Apple customer service is like night and day Apple will swap any phone or ipad broken screen or not. They lost my phone under warranty on their possession and they do not want to give me a replacement for it. Their customer service in India is so bad i have to call the corporate office in NY. They still have not replace my phone that was lost by them. DO NOT BUY A NOKIA PHONE IF YOU DO NOT WANT THIS TO HAPPEND TO YOU.

I have just 3 days with phone and it works very good. The camera is excelent. Everything is OK until now. I bought the silver/white and it is made in china. The phone is fast and soon with the Symbian Anna update I hope that the phone will be faster. Maybe Ovi Store need more useful apps.Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver/White)

The 1st day it freezed for more than 6 hours. Am soooooooo! disappointed i dont think will ever buy nokia again

Nokia N8 is a great phone for I've had one in the past and was bought here on Amazon but from a different seller. Nokia Sealed box, everything 100% OK.Just bought 2 Nokia's N8 from Omnitel believing their Nokia's N8 were also as previous i had bought through other seller, but came to find out that they were not, as the boxes weren't nokia sealed, missing HDMI cables, damaged USB cable, camera doesn't work on one of them. After these issues seller hasn't helped in anyway to solve problems. Went to Nokia care center only to find out that these phones sold by Omnitel are CHINESE and therefore no waranty on them as Omnitel claims they have as they claim also that they are US versions which aren't. Hope that Amazon can help me with this issue.

Desde que lo adquir&iacute; estoy super satisfecho con mi equipo, es uno de los mejores tel&eacute;fonos que eh llegado a tener.

The Nokia N8 is hands down the best phone I have used. It may be the best phone on the market. The photos (12 MP) and videos (HD) are superb. The ability to edit both photos and videos (e.g. add music, cut and splice video, add titles, etc.) is incredible. Having all of this functionality (e.g. talking GPS, web, email, face detection technology etc.) in a phone this size is icing on the cake. Nokia continues to lead the market with innovative technology integrated into an excellent device. Sony, Apple, HTC, Samsung, etc. - try to catch Nokia if you can :-)

This items is really I expect because, take it picture in HD, grab it videos in HD (for me), sounds really good with my SkCy headphones, but It have a little problem, its working with Symbian. If you are a person like so much the games phone, above all, the current games, think about it so so so much.

me parece un celular excelente, pero me gustar&iacute;a saber si se puede activar en ecuador , ya que estoy interesado en adquirir uno...! en ecuador funcionan las telef&oacute;nicas de claro y movistar en una frecuencia me parece de 850...!

I have been using Nokia and only Nokia since 1999 and the only dissapointment I have ever had was the Nokia N97. However, I think Nokia redeemed itself with this new device. The screen is like something I have never seen, the devices works super fast, the weight is unbelievable for such a big screen, and although I must say I was impressed with MAEMO's operating system, until they don't really work that one out, I think this new Symbian is a great option.The only thing that really socked me was to fnd out that the device has no battery, not a removable one, its battery is internal so because it is still new i still haven't had the need to get the battery out, however if your device gets freezed, just press the turn off button for like ten seconds and it will reboot itself. On the positive side, this is exactly what makes this phone so light in weight. I bought mine in silver, I think it just gives it more elegance and style. I must say I have dropped the phone a few times because I still don't get used to having such a thing light device, so you might want to be extra carefull and buy a case. This is the first time that I ever use an only virtual keyboard phone, but the keyboard is so great and easy to use, that after three days I am using it like a pro. The OVI Maps are fast, exact and functional. This phone is very proffessional, unlike the Androids and other brands, that are made for the games obsessed, etc. This is a phone made for people whose needs go beyond games, applications, etc. It works well as a gps device, organizer, social networking, storing microsoft documents, getting awesome pictures, fast internet, and the possibility of using it around the world for its wide range of communication bands. So if you are an executive who travels a lot this is your phone!.I can't say how great the pictures are on this phone. You really don't need a camera for your trips so that is a PLUS that no other phones have.I totally recommend this device, once you get and OVI account there's just not enough of the things you will be able to do and get on your phone.

When I just got the phone about in february I still was not very sure about it.  The design and feel was great, but I seemed to be very short on applications for symbian 3.But NOW... a lot of great applications are available and its a sure 5 star phone for me.With Nokia I have been able to do so many geeky things since long 8 years ago...  the kind of things iphone and android fans feel so "new" and avant-garde.but yes... you had to be a bit of a geek to know the capabilities of a smartphone in those years  :-)N96 and N97 were big dissapointments... I was about to nothing to lose my faith in Nokia but this phone puts me back on the track.Now let's wait for the N9 with Meego,  and pray that the Nokia guys still offer the option for the customers to choose a phone with WP7 or Symbian or Meego.Symbian may not be as much eyecandy as the popular android or iphone,  but its incrediby stable and efficient,  and yes... with REAL multitasking capabilities.This has been their best phone since the N95-8Gb.

This phone is very well made and feels great in your hand. The size is perfect. It came with the latest belle software installed. A couple of hours of playing with the settings, including adding widgets and shortcuts and I can completely control my data flow. I have dropped my data package as I really did not use it on my Atrix II. I went to the ATT store and switched my sim card back to my old Motorola Global that I never had a data package with and then went home and switched the sim to my N8 and turned off the data flow. I don't expect any problems with ATT. So now I have a perfect touch screen phone with wifi if needed and no data fees. The camera is outstanding. Looks like my pre purchase research has paid off! I downloaded Nokia suite and synced my computer with outlook for contacts. Installed my 16 gb micro sd card with my music and everything is working great. I also sent a couple of pictures to my computer with Bluetooth to test out. The Bluetooth syncs well with my 2012 Golf TDI for great hands free calling. Did I say it's well made. I do not think that there is a better quality phone out there. The operating system compares very well to android. I find the keypad to be very accurate.

The truth is I was in love with it since I saw it, I trade my E72 for the N8 and it was love at first sight BUT, one day in the middle of a call it turn off and never came back, I did had some freeze screen  and wired noises when I answer , like a record playing backwards but always got it fix if u reset it, UNTIL it died had warranty on it, bought it 2 month ago so I send it to nokia to get it fix, that was 3/11/11 Im still waiting for IT! in the mean time no phone GREAT JUST GREAT MAYBE I SHOULD OF SEND IT TO THE INSURANCE IT MIGHT BE FASTER !!!

After reviewing the newests options such as Iphone, Blackberry, Android. I went for the N8. I can confirm that it was the best decision. It does everything I expected to do.Yes it is not as "friendly" as an Iphone, but the capabilities , versatility and functionality are way better than the Iphone.Having owned and still have a Blackberry and an Iphone, The N8 is my preferred choice.* Easy access to email accounts* Excellent access to Facebook and Twitter* Maps for Free...* Excellent Camera and Video* Plays almost any video format* Very Good Apps, maybe not as flashy as the Iphone but they do what is neededSo far I have not found any negatives

well.. i said a think... I buy this phone with hope the have a great phone but.. but.. but....... this phone come damage...!! do you belive that?.. imagine, i am from venezuela... but amazon help me by return this item.. and refound all that i expend.. for that i buy the nokia  e7..

I got this phone last week and i've had nothing but problems. Issues with the battery going low as fast as you can ever imagine, you CANNOT use Ovi suite which is the store where you download apps and a lot of things for your smart phone. I mean I like the cell phone and the design is amazing but these kind of issues DISSAPOINTED me a lot and to be honest with you I want either my money back, a new phone or get me something that works since with my last Nokia phone I has no trouble, this one is terrible. I've had to run 4 times the software PLUS the hours of troubleshooting perfomed with the Nokia people, I would've enjoyed and be enjoying this phone ONLY if it would be working :(

Amazon sent me a dead phone. It does not read SIM cards. I do not suggest buying anything from Amazon. This was the first time I tried them out and they sent me a broken phone. I wasted over $350 for this.

it takes great pictures and call quality is amazing. i wish it had a more popular os, like android , then you would really have an iphone killer

I got my N8 from Nokia USA about 1 month ago aprox. I was really excited about it; a 12MP camera, HD recording, Xenon flash, OLED capacitive touchscreen, aluminum body and at last the new Symbian 3. A while back I gave a try to the N97; was total a disaster and then I got the N900. So I really wanted to see how much Symbian had improved since the N97.The first 4 days of owning the N8 was great. I only had minor issues like a trouble with the WiFi but it was matter of settings to get it fixed. Since I was also using the N900 at the same time I noticed some things I did not like about the N8. The homescreen lets you have 3 desktops which is good, but the annoying thing is that the all the widgets are the same size and can't be bigger. Like the calendar and email widgets were so small that only displays a maximun of 2 events or 2 emails. That is very limiting when on the N900 you can have a bigger one. Also if you want to have shortcuts they gotta be in groups of 4, so you won't be able to have a single or 2 shortcuts. In addition every shortcut or widget go fixed on the screen, you can't move it freely. I would always go back to my N900 because it has a better develop homescreen. Despite all this the N8 homescreen works very well, it is just matter of getting used to it.It is true that along the UI you gotta press more than usual to modify settings, navigate along the system, etc but again you get used to it. A real problem would be for people that come from Android or Maemo that may not find Symbian as a good replacement.Ovi store has many apps, YES only apps. I could not find any sort of widgets. Also I got the feeling that most of the apps in Ovi are from the past, so not many new apps. I say this because all of the apps I installed on the N8 required the "double tap" that was famous on the N97.What I loved about the N8 and even still miss now is the camera. The pictures were just amazing, a lot of detail with pretty much no noise. The Hd video was another hit. The video quality and sound were espectacular. Not to mention the picture and video editor apps that would let you even enjoy more your multimedia files. The picture viewer was really smooth and fast when scrolling down your pics. Video player was also very good; had no trouble playing some of my dvd-ripped movies of 2GB in size.Music player was also good. Fast and responsive. The only trouble I had was with the Stereo Bluetooth. It would connect normally to the handsfree profile on my Pioneer car stereo but the stereo bluetooth would not connect at all. Weird because my N900 works perfectly in both profiles.Maps is something else where the N8 shines. It worked as good as my Garmin gps. The big plus is as usual you can navigate without the need of a data plan.By the week I had the N8 some problems showed up. Like the music widget not responding, had a corrupted screen one time, N8's memory would delay about 1 minute to show up on my computer in mass storage mode, wifi issues, the N8 froze 2 times while trying to connect to wifi, and the whole system once slowed down that there was a considerably lag all over. The good thing is that I would fix all those problems by doing a reboot or holding the power bottom for 10 sec.Just before the 15th day I decided to return it and get a replacement because I thought my N8 was defective. The day I was preparing the N8 to ship it back to Nokia the unexpected happened. In the middle of transfering some files from the N8's internal memory to the microsd card the phone completely shut down. It was finished. No matter how long I pressed the power bottom or plug in the charger or usb cable the N8 would NOT turn back on. A complete death happened out of nowhere!You guys don't know how upset I was, but at the end I was relief since I was in the 15-day refund period. Hell no to get a replacement.I felt really bad. Such a good multimedia phone but with a terribly unstable UI; Symbian.I posted a couple of videos on Youtube and looks like Im not the only one.Just 5 days ago I bought a Samsung Galaxy S. It is my first android. Im so happy with it so far. Android is like a Maemo with portrait support to me. I feel very comfortable and not missing anything from the N900. I really hope Nokia wakes up and have the Meego devices out to market ASAP.If you want to check out the videos about the N8: [...]

Some PROs:nHD (360x640) is not an impressive resolution these days, but the display is vivid and amazing and the touch sensitivity is as good as any other i have used.The call quality is as superb as you would expect from Nokia.The camera is phenomenal.Nokia Maps is THE best out there for a phone, and as good as most full GPS devices.The loudspeaker is unreal.Media connectivity is quite impressive, and Nokia's support for format compatibility is extense.16GB on board with expandability to 48 using a 32GB SDHC micro card.USB On The Go is cool. Connect a flash drive, keyboard, mouse, etc.QuickOffice included for editing Microsoft Office documents.HDMI out with an adapter included from micro HDMI is nice.The included headset it very nice and has media player controls.Nokia build quality is unparalleled. Really.Some CONs:Symbian Belle looks nice, but it is a bit clunky compared to S60, i think. Not as easy to get around nor as customizable an interface.No WiFi broadcast app from the factory (Joikuspot costs $12)App availability not very extense.The browser is lame (with the exception being how it handles YouTube - no need for a YouTube app), but Opera is free.The resolution could be a bit higher, but the quality of the display is very good.The battery is replaceable, but it might be scary for some to undertake.Music player interface (in Belle OS) is very strange. Portrait vs. landscape interface is COMPLETELY different. In landscape, only the albums view is accessible. No playlists, no artists, no genres, NO ALL SONGS. i can not understand this at all. Sure, i could turn the phone upright and get it all back, but how was this overlooked?It really could use a couple more physical buttons... i am not really a touchscreen fanatic.All things considered, this phone is just not intended for the way i use phones. That would be the E Series. However, if you are a multimedia-oriented user (and a Nokia/Symbian fan), you WILL be stoked on this phone. The rich media experience is amazing and i DO think this phone is cool. It just is not my go-to for day-to-day use. i am going back to using the E6 for my daily driver, with this phone being my camera/music player/video device. If you ARE a Nokia/Symb fan, you might want to try to get your hands on the 808 instead, as it trumps all other cameraphones period and bests the rest of the N Series at everything else, too.

this is a very nice phone i liked it and i liked the service also it was shipped fast and at the exact time

The Nokia N8 boasts robust technology. Full connectivity with WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth, FM Radio, and even an FM transmitter.  It also has a fantastic and fun 12 megapixel camera that is easy to use as a standalone capture device, and also has an HDMI output and connectors for hi definition transmission.The screen looks great, case is metallic, durable, and overall weight of the device in hand feels great and the slim sleek lines add to its appeal. It also features a lower resolution front video cam for video calling (that I'm hearing isn't available on North American networks). And alongside the iOS and Android mainstream competitors, features an ambient light sensor and accelerometer, with features and apps that utilize this tech to the fullest.Call quality is excellent and along with sound playback, is crystal clear and better than any smartphone I've been on to date.Where does it lack?Hardware:  The processor is a tad sluggish. If you're hoping to do some gaming on this device, I'd skip to another model.Software and Store:  Everything is menu driven. So if you're used to using the home button (iOS) to go back and choose options, or the back/ return key for the same  (Android), then this think will feel like using Linux on a Mac; quant, but redundant.The store?  Lacks the diversity of iTunes and the Google Play store by far, and so is limited in the array of applications available to it. Also, the sync is nowhere near as intuitive as the Android system, or the iOS for that matter.Overall:Good | Great call quality and a great component system.  Works on any non CDMA network.  Devoted Nokia followers will probably find the navigation improved to previous models and be ok with the store selection.Bad | The operating system and processor just doesn't compete with others in its class. As a smartphone, unless you're only using Ovi Suite (available exclusively to PC), you're going to be left out in the cold when it comes to syncing all of your information seamlessly.Bottom Line | If you have a Nokia fetish, buy this. If you're shopping around for a user friendly smartphone that's intuitive, keep looking for an Android.

I bought this on a whim after falling into the Google ecosystem a couple of years ago. The big screen Android phone seduced me with their svelte bodes and sexy black attire. After the solid functionality of my E71 and the propaganda of review writers, I succumbed. At first it was great, all the attention of constantly updating apps and the constant feed of all my Google data.Then sometimes, I remembered my first love, Symbian S60. Sturdy and uncomplicated, yet the quality was there, the smooth lines, the quick efficiency, and always there at the end of long day not being power hungry. The deceptively simple interface that allowed me to work quicker and still be entertained when I needed to unwind.More and more each month I missed only having to download an app once and have it become an integral part of my phone, instead of the needy whining of the android apps, update me update me.So when I saw this this Belle beauty calling out to me, and at a price I could justify, I relented.Ah the gorgeous  build of her body, the fast smooth exuberance of the operating system, I felt connected again in every way possible (except LTE).She responded to every touch smoothly almost too eager to take me where I wanted to go, Internet bam, mail scrolling in the widjet. She sounded loud and clear in every situation, always appropriate for the setting, her profiles at the touch of a button.Never asking where I'd been or what I've been up to, just taking care of my needs in a simple yet intelligent way.My (Symbian) Belle was back with a vengeance vieing for my affections.If you can find a newer Sybian Belle phone I highly recommend it. From what I've seen this puts android to shame. If your into cool factor, or can't really learn to use a smartphone for anything other than Facebook stay away! If you want a true pocket business computer that let's you play hi-fi music, any video format and a great camera, HDMI out with Dolby Surround ...Although the N8 is great, The Pureview 808 is looking good, a little thick perhaps but.. I now know  I'm sticking with Belle as long as I can!Nokia 808 PureView Unlocked Phone with a 41 MP Camera with Carl Zeiss Optics--U.S. Warranty (White)

1). Call quality is very poor.2). Reception is not great.3). Battery life is good.4). Phone Build quality is good.

I just bought one a week ago. The main motivation was the camera. I do have already an excellent digital camera, but it's something I don't always carry with me. I hope to get more pictures of ordinary life, not just holidays. The camera appeared to be quite decent, and fits well for the purpose. However I miss optical zoom a bit. As a whole the phone is better than I expected, especially after all the bad reviews I have read. The UI is not as responsive as in iPod (iPhone I do not have) but I manage well with it.

good and nice phone, this phone i saw online , that why i order for my daugther , she  like it's

Can't beat it for all in one device, especially if a camera is important. Video quality is good as well. Navigation is good. Included accessories are great. You can actually connect this to TV via HDMI with included cables. Battery life exceeds most devices I've used. Email works well.I have a DSLR. The camera is not as good of course, but pictures matter to me and I will take and print pictures using this camera. With other camera phones I think 'what's the point?' and don't bother. I leave my DSLR at home unless I want to get creative.

This phone has so many features on the paper, but in reality it sucks. The processor is extremely slow. The App support is horrible. I had my share of problems with this phone right from Day 1. Recently i have upgraded the software to Symbian Anna. It has so many bugs... only god can save Nokia with this kind of a software. I am not able to download any new apps. None of the existing apps i have installed were opening. When I try to uninstall them, the phone takes 1 -2 min to return the screen back and then prompts a message saying uninstall failed. I tried to restore the factory settings, it was OK and then again the same problem with all the apps. The mail application takes ages to retrieve one single mail. It first downloads the mail headers quickly and then takes a hell lot of time even to display a simple and plain text mails with no attachments. Now a days i am using this phone only for calls and a bit of music. It was so dumb and sluggish with the rest of the things, its not worth calling this a smart phone. The call quality is good, but the call drops every now and then. I was using the Nokia 5800 express phone before this and i never had any problems with the call drops. Looking at some of the other reviews, i was wondering if i got any refurbished piece, instead of a new one. Being a Nokia fan boy, I really did not expect this kind of a phone from them. I am not going to buy any more Nokia smartphones. Switching to other smartphones in the market. Bybye Nokia.

Great Camera and GPS, and rich hardware peripherals (micro SD, USB, HDMI). SW is stable. Video and image qualities are very good. Thanks BCM2727. It is a phone which is able to shoot a film. If you youtube "Olive N8", you will get the film shot by this phone.GPS is worth a $100 portable navigation device (PND) and you don't need the subscription to data plan to have GPS working. The map was preloaded to the device.Spend 16 bucks for a 16GB micro SD card to expand the storage, or you can spend $100 for 16GB more storage from the fruit phone.Do use Opera as the web browser.

I received this phone on 4/10/2013. My goal was to find a reasonable unlocked phone with exceptional camera if possible. This one fit my needs with it's excellent Carl Zeiss optics and more powerful Xenon flash. I only use this device for it's phone, camera, texting, calendar and sometimes email. For email and Internet I use my laptop. It is a dated phone but was top of the line when it came out in the fall of 2010. The Nokia N8 has an attractive aluminum case and Carl Zeiss 12 MP optics camera with Xenon flash. It has a Gorilla Glass screen which specs don't mention. The price was a big factor as well, I bought it from Amazon Warehouse deals. This phone even had all the protective plastic covers on and all cables in original box--everything in perfect condition.Update 4/12/2013: Before even getting used to the new phone I installed the Belle upgrade which is much simpler to understand. After sorting out all the new features of Belle I have my phone designed the way I want it now. With Belle up to 6 home screens are available with a finger push, plus instant access to all menu items. Everything is accessable with out digging. Very impressive.Update 9/15/2013 I have come to enjoy having an excellent 12 megapix camera with me at all times and not have to remember to take the regular one. So if your prioritiy is an excellent phone and camera with the bonus of zenon flash at a good price this is it. I didn't want a mini laptop disguised as a large phone. The free Belle upgrade is a must, makes this phone exceptional. If you want to impress everyone you can load up 6 home screens but Why? Since having it for 5 months I have deceided I only want 3 home screens.  I use it's full featured calender every day. I ordered and received a second N8 in June for my wife and got a better deal then the first one. Amazon Prime delivered both phones on time and in excellent condition.A minus note--the battery can go down unexpectedly sometimes. Rebooting seems to correct that problem. To save the battery I close all applications when not in use. I have installed the free Nokia battery monitor to keep close tabs on the battery. Would I still buy this cell phone--yes.

My wife and I wanted a smart phone but my wife wanted more -- a camera, camcorder and standalone GPS. She does not like her camera that shoots videos and not bulky and wants to be able to carry it anywhere. Our cell phone plan just expired and we do not want to be tied in to a data plan either. We finally selected the Nokia N8 as the device of choice as it meets all her criteria. With HDMI, she can take videos of our 2 and 8 year old boys and watch them all on our 50-in plasma. And the best thing is that we are both able to port our cox pop emails with access wherever WiFi is present -- no data plan at all. We have made a couple of 4 hour trips trips and the GPS is awesome. We tested GPS with our M5 and it straight out beat out the one in the car with its speed limit warining system. We are saving $720 each on a two year data plan. We do not have to buy another 12 MP camera as this is AWESOME -- saving us another $120.00. No camcorder either -- saving about $200.00. The overall cost savings and efficiency of the Nokia N8 is heartening. We strongly recommend Nokia N8. It sure beats out all available phones offered by major Carriers with a 12 MP camera.

When I bought the phone, Anna had been announced, but it was not available for my phone. I bought the phone for its amazing features. It has the best camera (or atleast one of the top three) available on it, which is a HUGE plus for me. It has USB to go, an HDMI out, decent amount of memory with the capability to add more (upto 32gb via mini sdHC cards); in short I was really excited to get the phone. When I got it though, I wasn't impressed at all, it came with the orignal symbian s^3 OS, which was laggy and slow, and simply made me annoyed. I thought the phone is slow, or it doesnt have enough processing power. And I really wanted to get rid of it, until Anna was finally released. Anna is the fastest operating system I've used on any phone (other being iOS, and android). It runs smooth and seemlessly, and is simple to use. Made me fall in love with the phone all over again. Fast forward a few months, and Belle came along. Another WoW! Its simply beautiful, and I love how customizable it is. You can set each home screen however you want, and have custom settings for the horizontal and vertical orientations, with icons and widgets of different sizes. Belle, atleast for me, doesn't run as fast as Anna, but it isn't bad at all considering it was built for phones with twice the memory and processing power. Also, it only takes time to load when you're looking at something for the first time. For example, say you haven't checked your second,(or 3rd or,4th, or 5th, or 6th)home screen in a while (about 15 min to an hour). When you swipe to see the home screen, it takes about 1 or 2 seconds to load and update all the widgets you have on that particular home screen. Once its loaded, you can swipe back and forth seemlessly, and everything will be loaded & ready for you. The reason it takes a few seconds the first time is becuase it avoids storing un-needed information for prolonged periods in your RAM. This in turn saves your battery, and thats the reason I can get by a day or two or more without having to re-charge whereas my sister who uses android can't go any more than a few hours or a day with the same kind of usage.In short, Now I have a mini-HDMI to DVI-D converter (bought it at amazon), and also Nokia's RCA Cable (Fits in the 3.5mm jack on top). So I can hook up a monitor, an old TV, or a new HD tv to my phone. Connect my phone to a Keyboard and mouse via USB or bluetooth and I have a fully funtional computer that I can use to make assignments & presentation. Its a perfect balance of work and play, thats basically what I got the phone for, and I'm very happy with it.After seeing Belle, I really hope Nokia would keep making symbian phones, atleast for the high-end market, coz there is truly nothing as good out there (although I've heard good things about Meego too, but I've never personally used it).Cheers to the hardware & software makers of the N8, Anna, & Belle!

:(Is it possible to rate no stars?I just ordered this phone over the weekend and paid for 2 day shipping just so it would be here before Thanksgiving and I could get all the playtime figuring it out and reuniting with a Nokia product. But alas. I do not have a problem with the fact that it's a refurbished phone because it is clearly a used phone. IT WILL NOT TURN ON!!! Right now I've had it on the charger for more than 10 minutes and there's been no sign of life (no light or vibrations). The box was missing the HDMI output cable and some other components that are supposed to come in the box! The pin on the charger is BENT!! I will be sending it right back as much as i hate to do that and have to go through this process of contacting the seller and amazon after I spent quite a chunk of money on this phone. I want this phone!! i just want one that WORKS. That CHARGES! and comes ON!! With ALL the components it's supposed to have in the box. If possible, since there seems to be a pattern I experience with products made in China, NOT make in China!!

My Nokia N8 is presently my best friend; I'm love the FM transmitter future which I use every day.  The email system is great too. I call this phone 'my phone, my computer, my ipod, my clock'. It's user friendly!

Well I really like this phone. I had the nokia e71 and loved it. But when I got this It just made me more organized. It works great. I like it better then the iphone. I really do not know what else to say. But really check it out. befor you buy a phone. It really is a good phone.

I love this product. It is an excellent phone with very good performance for your model.I recommend it. very good!

buenas tardes el telefono esta en OPTIMAS condiciones los FELICITO porque son unos vendedores HONESTO Y RESPONSABLE estoy totalmente CONTENTO por la compra se merecen 1000puntos.No como otros que ise otra compra de un telefono usado y fue una PORQUERIAgood afternoon the phone is in good condition congratulate them because they are honest and responsible sellers, I am totally happy with the purchase 1000puntos.No deserve as others ise another purchase of a used phone and it was a mess

The phone never work when received. the box is opened which makes me very very uncomfortable. Made in China. No 16g miniSD memory card.2 starts because Amazon promise to replace new one.

Nokia N8 my phone died. after three days of use suddenly began to fade to the point of not turning over. not really know what to do.

Without a doubt, this is the absolute best camera phone money can buy. As a phone, this is one of the best I have ever owned. Calls are crisp and clear. Unfortunately, the UI tends to slow down over time. I din't know if it's because of apps that I've loaded or something else. This was a really promising OS. Too bad Nokia has announce a 100% shift to Windows. That now means that future updates will not be coming often and 3rd party apps will literally disappear over night.

I love this nokia n8.  It takes amazing pictures, no other phone can compare. It has a fm transmitter, love it. Hence for some reason i cannot get my e-mail to work on this phone.  I call the network carrier, they said call nokia.  I call nokia, they said call the carrier. I had to send it back. It was just frustrating.

Hace apenas 10 a&ntilde;os, era inconcevible una video-conferencia entre computadoras y hoy es una realidad entre telefonos. Gracias a los miles de talentosos seres humanos que dedican sus vidas al servicio de la humanidad y a mejorar nuestras condiciones de vida

the phone came without any documentation and could not turn the phone internal faults unknown. not even able to charge the battery to 100% for the same fault

Did not work right out of the box, took it out and turned it on, after 2 minutes of being using it, the cellphone restarted by itself.So basically the cellphone is not working, restarts or reboots automatically every 2-5 minutes.

at the moment nokia n8 is the most beautiful and complete device to the brand becouse the camera is grat , record HD, 16 gb internal memory , beautifil colors, hdmi conection ,fm transmisor .Symbian must improve a little bit but Anna comming soon i m waiting for this updateI recomend nokia n8 ..its great..from Ecuador Ruben Usi&ntilde;a ,rubitousi@hotmail.com

Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product! Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product!Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product! Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product!Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product! Excellent!!! I love it!! very nice product!

Started out looking for a phone with a good camera and free navigation.The N8 has both plus a free FM tuner and WIFI.Cant go wrong.

I had to spend literally more than 1\2 day to copy the music files to my Nokia N8. Finally i figured out that i need to go to options in "music player" and refresh the library (manually) in order to see the latest music files. And on top of that, i also don't see any option to sync my music files in Nokia OVI Suite when i connect my device to PC.

This is my very first android phone, before always used some cheap old scraps from nokia(compare to current N8). Never thought that phone can contain so many functions and be so useful. Sometimes the phone completely stacks, because of vidgets or applications. But phone is great.especially the GPS navigator, but map of mongolia is too old, the street names are changed years ago, new roads are not entered, (but this is to map makers only).Highly recomended,

This is absolutely stunning mobile phone. It is more than just a phone but handy pack of electronics, tv,sat.nav,video,camera, internet and loads of other features. Absolutely awesome.Fantastic hardware. Display visible in direct sunlight. Loud speaker loud and clear. GPS, Wireless Lan and GSM sensitivity extremely good better than any other mobile by far. Camera is fantastic, HDMI great, and can act as a USB master.Would I recommend it? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!

I bought the blue Nokia N8 from Nokia but it took me to Amazon. So basically, I bought it from Amazon.Amazon said it would reach on Aug. 30 & it did so I'd say within 3-4 days from Lexington, KY. That was fast & accurate.$290 for this phone is a good price, considering the features it has. Smart phone with battery saver on.. I might get 2 days of battery usage before I charge it. Old phones like Nokia 6010 that I have are much better with battery & reception. Battery, music player, camera are important things for me when I look to buy a phone.This phone came out in 2010. I bought it the end of Aug. 2012 so I had to completely update the phone's software to Symbian Belle. I use t-mobile but they don't sell this phone although they told me that N8 has the highest trade compared to the other phones (I don't know what that means).I don't have internet but my home wi-fi. The GPS works well but the phone becomes really hot when you use it. I installed battery monitor, Skype, Opera mobile onto the phone. It has a voice recorder which is a good app for those who like to sing & record her voice.Overall, I like the phone. From Nokia E71 to this phone, I'm glad.

Ive always been a big fan of Nokia phones. Ever since I got the N95 I was hooked. Then I got the N97 and it was a total disaster. Constant freeze ups, totally unusable web browser, and horrible battery. All the while I would always return to my Iphone which I've considered to be the best phone ever made. Ive had my Nokia N8 for about 2 week now and I can say......that this is the best phone Nokia has ever made. The construction of the phone is industrially elegant, with amazing lines and a very beautiful screen. Don't be fooled by the low resolution compared to the Iphone, this screen is BEAUTIFUL, and pictures, movies are bright vivid and super sharp. I have the Iphone 4 now and honestly I think the colors are better on the Nokia N8. The most impressive part of this phone is that camera. Pics are insanely beautiful and I don't mean they are great for a camera phone. They are great PERIOD. I would put this up against my Nikon D60 DSLR camera and it would be hard to tell the difference. I have several high end digital cameras and the N8 performs amazingly in bright light as well in low light. I went out to a club last night, and it was pretty dim. With the xenon flash the pics were super clear, bright, and sharp with no fogging or graininess you would typically see on an Iphone 4 in a dark environment. The macro mode is TERRIBLE though. Close up shots about 4 to 5 inches away are a blurry mess. The Iphone 4 however takes AMAZING close up shots. This was a complete surprise to me as I thought the N8 would take super sharp close up shots. Ok moving on to the battery. What can i say....if your using the phone for internet, calls, and Facebook  that battery is ok and will last you from 8am to 5 or 6pm, pretty typical of a smart phone. However once you start taking pics with the flash on that battery gets sucked dry in about 60-70 pics which is cool for a night out, however you pretty much have to have the phone charged up before you hit the town. Then again I run wifi on, bluetooth on, and screen brightness on full at all times, so im sure you can get more juice of it than me. The pics and videos that play on the phone are super sharp and have great color. Ok now moving on to where this phone gets starts off speeding up the hill but ends up getting stuck in the mud. The internet experience is better than the N97. Its faster for sure, however when you click links the screen doesn't always respond the first time. I ofter have to press multiple times. Also when a page loads, its a bit slower than the Iphone 4 but on wifi they are about the same.. Scrolling is ok and kinda laggy Pinch to zoom works well. There is no youtube client for the phone, just a link that takes you to the youtube.com website. Youtube videos are horribly laggy and jerky and not even worth using unless you like constant stopping and stuttering in audio and video. Im sure they will come out with a native Youtube client soon, or if not, that would just plain suck. I use youtube a lot. The Ihone 4 kills the N8 in the youtube experience. The sound from the ONE speaker is actually pretty nice. Doesn't sond tinny. Sound is mid ranged with focus in the higher frequency spectrum. Lows are only apparant when you use headphones. The headphones that come with it are not bad but nothing you'll be impressed with. Iphone headphones are much better.  I use a pair of 15$ seinnheisers and they sound amazing. Bluetooth with this phone is the best I have ever seen. I am typing this review using an Apple bluetooth keayboard with my Nokia N8 and its an amazingly simple and easy thing to do. It works GREAT. I hooked up my N8 to the HDMI on my LCD TV, and what can i say. I was blown away. I played pics I took at a night club and the sample videos that it comes with and they look like Blueray quality on my TV 1080p kind of quality. Really amazing. The radio transmitter works very well and pulls in stations with no distortion. reading ebooks on this thing is just a pure headache. Im not even going to get into that......Ill stick to my Iphone 4 and Ipad for that.  Ok, I almost forgot the 2nd best thing about this phone. The navigation is FANTASTIC. I have Tom Tom on my Iphone - garbage. I have a magellan GPS - ok. I have a Pioneer N3 navigation deck in my Landcruiser- awesome. I would say the navigation is just as good as the pioneer navigation which is ALWAYS spot on. The free voice giuded navigation that says all the street names is great. and you can download for free EVERY language you can think of. Trust me.....They are all there no matter how oscure. I even downloaded a surfer guys voice that makes lame jokes. Playing games on the N8 is a joke. Games are violently laggy, jerky, and overall TERRIBLE. I give the game playing ability 2 stars compared to 10 stars to the Iphone. Dont get this phone if you want to play games, you would be able to. The Nokia OVI store is still the same useless thing it was back in the days of the N97, There were like 5 useful applications I could download for free. Everything else is either COMPLETELY useless or just some lame theme you have to pay for. You know with all the shortcomings of this phone, I like it a lot. I love the camera, GPS, and HDMI output. However the internet browsing, game playing are like 5 years behind the times, which will make this a secondary phone for me to take with me when i go out to clubs, bars, or travel the world so I can use the amazing xenon flash, and GPS. The Iphone will still be my primary phone. Come on Nokia you have such a great phone, why cant you just redesign a new operating system? Symbian is terribly outdated. Well thats all I got. Hope you can make an informed decision about this phone.

el nokia n8 es una terminar excellente la camara, bueno en fin para los usos que yo lo he puesto a prueba es increible y super rapido, gracias a dios que no le hice caso a varias criticas por que la terminar es muy buena, lo unico malo es amazon, te ense&ntilde;a la foto hecho in finland y te lo envia made in china.Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone with GPS Navigation, Voice Navigation, and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver/White)\yo lo iba a devolver solo por eso pero me encanto tanto que me quede con el. demasiado bueno y rapido, yo tenia un xperia x10 y un n900,lo unico que le falta a este telefono es un teclado virtual de navegacion y en los contactos poder elegir para borrar con los mensajes de texto.buena maquina que la disfruten tambien como yo

To make the long story short; I bought this device over a year ago. After 3 months, I realized that I made a horrible mistake buying it with a budget of $449!! The device is peace of crap. The battery life is a nightmare. Every time I call or contact the customer service; they were useless and advising you with some non sense instructions. I have to perform the hard reset every time to make the phone work properly again. I don't have the exact number how many time it froze. Browsing the web is a disaster, slow and bulky and the whole operating system is buggy and makes think million times before using it. Lately, Nokia Released an update called it Belle. I tried to upgrade the phone so I can save my investment. Accidentally my internet connection got lost. That was the last time I saw the phone working. I contacted them and asked me about the warranty and stuff. I was out luck for the second time ( the first when I was convinced to buy this phone). The warranty ended for two days. they done nothing and the phone now is eating dust in a bench; My computer doesn't recognize it  and I learned that the only thing to do is to re-flash it. I did everything I've been told, but the phone is dead.

I have to say nokia n8 is a milestone. The 12MP camera is really excellent. I use it for 4 month. I totally use it instead of digital camera. I always take it when i was going outside. it could take photo in a very short time. And processing time is also very short, i think it's 2 times faster than iphone's camera. But the sybiam system is too old. Contrast to windows phone7, this system is just a fundation system.

I should have written this review earlier, I bought this phone in September of 2011. The camera is amazing and takes fantastic pictures. What sets it apart from all, other camera phones is the Zennon Flash. Interior pictures requiring flah look amazing. If I am out with friends at a social gathering and we want to take few pictures they always want to use my camera. They all have iPhones 4s, 5's and Samsung galaxies. These other phones can not compare to the picture taking quality of Nokia N8. Below are my pro's and con's:Cons:- doesn't use android so there are not a lot of apps, games etcPros:- super amazing picture taking quality- Zennon flash revealing true colors not that blue LED color of all other smart phone pictures- tight tight sealed package, I dropped this phone into a sink full of water it sat submerged for 30 seconds it worked fine when retrieved no damage at all- battary charges incredibly fast using nokia charging port vs mini USB port charges 100% in 30 minutes- full office type software; word, excel, ppt- huge standard memory- FM RF transmitter can play music directly to any radio, use it all the time when on trips using rental cars- map software GPS doesn't require data connect, when traveling abroad I don't have to worry about data charges- wifi hot spot is amazing, it works well with Joikuspot, my cell service requires wifi tethering charges but this phone being unlocked gets around this. As long as whatever computer, ipad etc your using to access the web through the wifi hotspot appears to be mobile device your provider will not block it.- Has DLNA capability I can share videos and pictures wirelessly on my home network with one touch- essential applications are available for sharing amazing pictures and videos, Dropbox, Facebook, twitter etc...

The Nokia N8 that I've received turns off, freeze and is very difficult to turn it on again, during initial start. It seems a manufactoring problem.I have upgraded the cell phone, uninstall all the applications acquiredby Ovi, enable the factory settings and even the failure continues.The problem is that I'm from Venezuela, and buy the product from Venezuela to amazom.com, nokiaVenezuela did not accept any kind of warranty.Is there any way to validate the warranty, and really the model of phoneI like, and also very expensive.Really appreciate any solution ..... good dayDiego Moreno

Well, I have used a lot of Nokia phones, and my current one, the E51 is awesome, still! I have big expectations from my phone, not in terms of apps etc, but in terms of reliability. I want something that is small, yet powerful, not a computer, but enough to get the essentials done. The E51, 4 years ago, was epic! It still is awesome, given its size, it is quite a useful device.Now coming to the N8, i read about it, and it seemed nice. I was hesitant about it since Nokia has backed out from Symbian, and the N9 is twice the price of the N8. But given the hardware specs, i decided to go along with it.----It has a 12MP/Carl Zeiss Optics camera, which is very good. It has a FM transmitter which is very rare these days. It has the other usual features you'd expect from a smartphone, though i do not expect as many apps as I would for an android/iphone. But i would say, at the price (290), it is a good deal if you like an unlocked phone.----The reason why i gave this phone the rating i have is this : I took the regular SIM card out of my E51, and pushed it into the N8. It worked, YAY! But as a sanity check, i wanted to put it back in the E51, and that was when it stuck me... the SIM card would not come out. Now i have taken the SIM card in and out of my E51 gazillions of times, so either the E51 was a defective design or the N8 is. I am going to return the phone with my SIM card in it (deactivated and erased) since I do not want to damage it and void the warranty. But its going to cost me to get a replacement SIM.----Just some Nokia bashing while I am at it. WHY??? Nokia used to be so reliable, what happened? I had a 3510i, a 6610i, E51, n810 and C6-01. These were/are awesome. I had a previous confrontation with Nokia when i ordered a n910 as a bargain on their website. They charged me twice, and then just didn't honor the order. I guess Nokia isn't the brand it used to be... and i am not going to stick with them... so no Nokia/Windows phones for me.... probably go with Android!

I bought 2 Nokia N8 for my self and my wife. Everything works well, but sometimes I have to re start it because the keys locks up. Also battery life is not that good. Nokia needs to work on battery side of this product. I think four stars are about right. I"m a longtime Nokia user. I guess that's why.....

* Battery is flaky. Sometimes phone shuts down overnight.* OS is flaky.* Camera takes good pics only sometimes* FM transmitter is weak.* Call quality is good mostly.But not worth the money as compared to an Anderoid phone.

El telefono llego en perrfecto estado y esta liberado para operar en cualquiera de las 3 bandas en Ecuador, todo muy bien, solo un detalle para acotar no vino con la MEMORIA EXTERNA, pero el resto de accesorios en perfecto estado.Se los recomiendo es muy buen producto y Nokia es Nokia.

I used this phone for over a year. This replaced another Nokia (that I no longer remember the model number to). This phone has 1 feature that is only present in a handful of phones in the world!!!This phone will broadcast to an FM frequency of your choosing directly. This phone has a built in FM transducer!The Nabigation was awesome, the apps were great. Nokia just did not make it future proof enough and the symbian OS is quite dated. The screen was big enough to watch videos, make calls but not for imersive gaming. Battery life was quite good and the screen's colors were awesome.12 MP camera blows most current phones out of the water.Voice quality was the best I've heard of any phone I've had for the last 5 years. Including the samsungs.The exterior was beautiful, brushed aluminum finish in GREEN! Loved it, upgraded to an SIII after I could not keep defending the Symbian OS anymore as android had killed everything else.Still if you're on a budget or traveling abroad and can't get your phone unlocked, this is a great phone to have.

Hi Amazon  RepresentativeMy Product whent in to a software Total Failure after less than Month  of succesfully usage actually is i a warranty but  i need the Billing invoice fron amazon to make any reaparations , Can You help me  providin iformation how to get this papersNokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touch Screen Phone with GPS, Voice Navigation and 12MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Blue)

I've been a Nokia customer for a long time and this phone has not disappointed me. I have been exploring this phone and have found it does more than I originally thought it could do.

Primero que nada es uno de los mejores tel&eacute;fonos que Nokia ha lanzado hasta el momento.Hay algunos lotes que salieron defectuosos ( se apagan para no encender nunca mas) No son todos pero pueden ser favorecidos con uno de ellos como me paso a mi. Por fortuna de todos los compradores Amazon y Nokia son empresas serias y de prestigio, o te dan otro telefono o te devuelven el dinero, tu escoges. Repito, no son todos los lotes as&iacute; que no se preocupen. Yo por mi parte esperare que tenga mas recorrido el tel&eacute;fono y mas adelante lo comprare otra vez.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks now and im very happy with it. Some advise once you do get the phone dont put rss feeds on your home screen it slows everything down. Other than that the camera is amazing. Phone plays avi format so any type of video you have on your computer can badically play on it. Nokia is the best

Bueno luego de haber tenido inconvenientes con la agencia de envio finalmente lleg&oacute; a mis manos.La compra super exitosa, Cumplieron con el tiempo de envio.El tel&eacute;fono en si es una maravilla, tiene muchas funciones que aun no las he usado. Lo recomiendo.Febrero 2012Les cuento luego de un a&ntilde;o usando el telefono y con la llegada del nuevo software Belle, el telefono esta super de lujo..... si antes lo era ahora es super menor.... no lo cambio por nada,,,,, Nokia es NOKIA!!!!!! y punto;)

Bought this phone two months ago.  It is a great phone but sms text message stoped working.  I can't send messages anymore.  Contacted AT&T, they cant help it. contacted Nokia, their support is horrible, tried everything they said, nothing helps. Checked nokia forums on google. It is a world wide problem, a lot of customers are having the same issue and are stuck with this failed product. I always loved Nokia, no more, never buy again.

One of the best Nokia phones for real.My Experiences with the N8Camera - The camera is amazing! I've taken close to 2000 pictures with this phone and a almost everytime i show someone a pic they think it's an image i downloaded over the internet.Build - This is a really sturdy phone, mine has survived countless falls and still works fine.Multimedia Features - I never used the included HDMI cable, but since Nokia made "Play To" getting media on my TV is super easy. I still use a cable to play games on the big screen though.Gaming - Most other platforms have more games than symbian, but it's not a desert here, there are good games and the phone's hardware handles them well.Browsing - Stock browser even in Symbian Belle is not up to par. I use opera mobile which works well.Keyboard - I use the landscape keyboard with auto correct turned on, it's off by default...kinda silly from nokia. In portrait mode the T9 works well.Loudspeaker - Good Performance here even when on flat surfaces thanks to the camera hump.FM Transmitter - Definitely a unique feature that more manufacturers should incorporate, very easy to use, especially with Symbian Belle which has a transmitter widget.Performance - Generally good, until you open a heavy webpage, or multiple games. Symbian features true multitasking, but because of the phone specs if you have too many things open the phone will slow down.Battery Life - You'll get about a day and a half if you stay off WiFi. Wifi seems to be the biggest consumer of power on this phone, next comes games.

The N8 is a great product! And on top of that a great deal, why might you ask? Because of Nokia's commitment on updating Symbian just like other mobile OSes (like Android, iOS.. etc)..It has a great camera! I'm using my current Nokia N8 (Orange one) for filming a couple of things (doing an online show)..This will be my second N8..The disadvantages are with some of the things in the software, like not remembering the camera settings, the slow browser, no multitouch keyboard, no portrait qwerty and some smaller issues.But again this is why it's great.. The N8 is going to have all that (including a brand new browser!) By Q1 of 2011! So very soon.. along with many other things that will make this device even better!!!  On top of that.. Nokia said that by H1 of 2011 it will have the brand new Qt UI.. so that's great too.. I personally dont care about the eye-candy stuff that other OSes has.. The current Symbian UI is simple and gets the job done.The thing that I really do miss from the S60v3 phones is the "Home Media" application... Which can play music/videos and even view photos from other devices on the network.. I wish they would bring that back..Overall, I'm satisfied with the device as is.. and I'm very excited on those updates that are coming soon to the N8.. :)Oh the OVi Maps.. locks on reallllyyyyyyyyyyyy fast compared to my older Nokia phones and is very accurate, I use it a lot! Great application.. (I downloaded the Ovi maps beta from Nokia Betalabs as that version on there is MUCHHH better than the one that comes stock with the N8, mainly because of the pinch-to-zoom seemlessly..I definately recommend this phone to anyone who loves to have a great camera on a phone and wants to get things done right out from the box. :)

Phone works great for me, haven't experienced the constant hanging up etc that there have been complaints about. Also looking forward to the software update that is supposed to come out late August to make the phone even better.It is organized and built differently from iPhones or Androids, but it is a Symbian. Having not used those devices as primary for myself but just friends and family who had android/iphones I can say that I still like the N8 for what it is with symbian. Partly probably because I have been using Symbian phones for the past 5-6 years and the way they work is like second nature already. That said it would be something to get used to if, if you haven't used them before but once you do get used to it then you will find that it is a good phone.

There is no brand new Nokia N8 in the market, its been discontinued long ago. Given that fact i decided that it was better to buy an "used like new" from Amazon's Warehouse Deals, thinking that Amazon was a trustable company. So i bought an "used like new" and they shipped a refurbished one, a poorly refurbished one by the way. Amazon solved the issue in a satisfatory way, but i had to insist.How i know the "brand new" ones are also refurbished? Not only its been discontinued long ago but Amazon admitted to me that the phone shipped to me was a "brand new" return from a third party marketplace seller, not a return from Amazon as they claim Warehouse Deal's products are.Do not buy it if you want a brand new one, you will get a refurbished. Don't even buy an used one from Warehouse Deals if you don't want a refurb.As for the phone itself. Nokia N8 after so many years, despite its obsolete OS, is still a nice full featured smartphone. But just worth if you are into photopgraphy and don't want to spend more for the superior photo quality in a Nokia 808 or Galaxy S4.

While it's true that other mobile OSes might have UI features some people might miss on Symbian, the N8 is the best phone ever built. If you want a fancy UI, you're probably better off with an iPhone or a Galaxy S, but if you want the most feature-packed phone ever made, there is no other choice.

guys, this is a really huge disappointment. don't waste your money and nerves. I regret to say, but I think I am done with Nokia.. Worked well only for two weeks. Then the ovi store stopped working and nothing (tried many ways0 helped). The manufacture... can't really help.

i USED THIS phone for a 7 days and iv gotten nothing but a very dissapointing experience. PLS DO NOT PURCHASE. im returning mine tomorrow.

This phone have the better camera out there. The colour is awesome and alive. The unique cons is the OS... Symbian is far the worst operating system ever.

I purchased this phone as I needed an unlocked phone to take overseas, since, of course, ATT won't unlock an phone for use while traveling.  I received this phone, upgraded it to Belle, seemed to have everything running and then got ready for my trip.The thing that no one will tell you about this phone is that it actually operates off of a C:\ drive, which only has 256mb of storage.  Even basic MS Exchange email usage will eat up that memory and render the phone useless.  So, I go overseas and get a local SIM.  A day later, the phone is telling me it is out of memory.  Repeatedly.  After just ONE DAY of use!!!  I did research (on my iPad) and discovered this C:\ drive issue.  I had to go in and uninstall almost everything I could find (most of which was installed on the F:\ drive, which has 16GB), including my work email.  This rendered the whole point of having the phone moot.It also has the SIM and extra memory slots on the side covered by a flimsy rubber cover.  So, any pressure will lead the phone to think you've ejected your extra memory, leading to another ubiquitous error message.  Annoying.So, don't buy this phone if you need to use it for anything other than very, very basic things.  And, don't install Nokia Belle on it either.  Maybe it works OK with regular Symbian on it, but who knows.Do not buy!!

I've been a Nokia fan for at least 15 years. My recent devices were N95 8GB (which was excellent), internet tablet N810 (pretty good for what it's for) and N97 (for about 1.5 years and it was a real disaster). I've been looking for new device since I've got N97 and I've been following all forums posts and every single review about N8 to find out if this phone is reliable enough (obviously no other phone competes with N8 specs except display resolution).I've got so fed up with inability of N97 to perform properly that I've decided to give N8 a shot.Day 1. WOW!!!- Excellent camera, picture shots and videos are superb- quality of HDMI connection via receiver to my plasma TV is perfect- bluetooth works normally in my car (no drop calls so far like with my N97)- bluetooth connection with laptop and sync works fine, however I am having a problem using N8 as a modem to get 3G internet (maybe it's because N8 is connected to WIFI at the same time). Wifi works very fast btw.- GPS and Nokia maps are great. First I don't have problems with audio output like I had in N97, second GPS itself is very precise, I don't need to use an external GPS like before.- call quality is great- reception is excellent, I have full bar inside the house (not like on N97), and I was really surprised when I went to my basement and my skype call over AT&T; 3G was not disconnected.- screen is very responsive (again comparing to N97).- battery life seems great- screen size and resolution is actually good enough for a cell phone.Few 'minor' issues (at least I was expecting that):- phone rebooted twice in a first day while connected to my laptop via USB and then bluetooth (I was using it as a modem)- few times some screen menus did not respond to tapping. for example I couldn't tap 'Next' in Photos, but could click on 'Back'. so maybe it's a software issue with those programs.Bigger problem I discovered later today that phone did not ring and couldn't make a call. maybe it's after numerous abuses of connecting to laptop, desktop, car, USB, bluetooth, etc.  I had to restart a phone in order to fix it.Overall, for those like me who hesitate to buy this phone I would advise to go for it and give it a try. There is a chance it will work properly:)I will update my review if I find anything new. I've seen numerous scary reviews and reports of phone dying in a first two weeks.Please, Nokia don't fail!!! I really like this phone and want to keep it!

Bought Nokia N8 for my wife and we are really happy about the purchase. Originally we were planning to buy iPhone however purchased N8 due to good deal. After using it for more than a month, we absolutely love this phone and do not repent for iPhone or any other Android high end phone.This is simply a great phone.Pros:> Maps : Doesn't need a data plan or mobile signal. With latest OVI maps, you can download (using wifi may be) the maps for any state, and use the map anywhere even without data plan or signal. This is like a full fledged GPS which doesn't require a data connection to operate (Unlike most other smart phones).> Camera : 12 MP camera is amazing. Picture quality is crisp and easy to operate. Video quality is very good. It also has an editor for pictures as well as video. For most of the occasions, you won't be needing a separate digital camera.> Touch screen : We love the touch screen. Very very smooth. Compared with iPhone of my fried for Angry Bird game. No difference observed.> Mini HDMI port : This is again very useful. Just plug your Nokia phone to your TV and watch pics, videos and stuff.> Sound quality : audio/video sound quality is impressively clear and loud.> Phone speed : Never felt slowness or hanging phone even with multiple apps running.Cons:> Symbion OS - the only limitation can be OS which is a bit less intuitive for navigation though it's just matter of getting used to it. After some use, it's pretty smooth.I am personally a blackberry user for couple years and prefer a phone with keyboard (which I felt missing even with N8 :) but that's a different story and subjective to me. Please note that I have owned Nokia E63/E72 which do have keyboard). With this in back-ground, overall we are extremely impressed and satisfied with this phone and love it. We have used iPhone and Android phones and even shown this to a few iPhone crazy friends. They put critical comments that N8 doesn't do this when you touch here and doesn't do that when you touch there, blah blah :) As a final comments, if you are not iPhone name crazy, you will never be disappointed with this phone and admire it.

EDIT: Today, (Feb 11, 2011) Nokia announced that it is moving to adopt the Windows Phone 7 platform.  That means that it is ditching the MeeGo system almost completely and will plan to phase out support for Symbian in the next year or two.  That isn't quite enough for me to change my review on the phone, because the phone still holds its own as the best hardware on the market right now.  But you'll have to keep in mind that Nokia will slowly stop rolling out updates for Symbian.  If you're still attracted by the hardware, I say still go for it definitely.  Like I state in my review, Symbian^3 is more than adequate, it is just slightly clunkier than it's competitors, but it CAN do everything that other OS's can do.  If you're not particularly in love with the hardware or hardware is less important to you, I would look elsewhere, or at least wait until Nokia starts rolling out the Windows Phone 7 mobile devices.  So this news really shouldn't affect either camp of potential buyers: those buyers that are looking for great hardware (like me), this phone is still a worthy investment; those buyers that are looking for the whole package and would be willing to make hardware sacrifices for a better OS, I would wait until Nokia starts making Windows phones and compare those to Android/iOS.Hardware:+ Very solid construction, the body is made out of solid aluminum and there are no loose parts whatsoever+ The screen is made out of gorilla glass, which is about as close to having a bulletproof glass cellphone screen as you'll ever get.  It's pretty much impossible to scratch this screen, trust me people have tried on youtube and failed.+ Capacitive touch screen with limited multitouch support (see software for further details)+ Amazing camera, as of this moment, this is pretty much indisputably the best camera phone on the market.  Gone are the days of inch thick camera phones that only output 8MP cameras with a much smaller sensor, the N8 takes 12MP photos with a sensor that is larger than many dedicated cameras.  Megapixels hardly tell the whole story, but the sensor size goes a long way to allowing your N8 to replace your dedicated camera.+ Built in xenon flash, the N8 uses a legitimate camera flash and in my anecdotal use, it has the same range of illumination as my point and shoot.  The LED flash on many other phones can't compare to a real xenon flash+ Video is very clear and can record in 720p resolution.  One of the best features of this phone's video capabilities is the fact that when zooming, it uses the fact that it can take up to 12MP frames so that when you zoom in video it maintains 720p resolution and uses more of the camera's capabilities.  For those of you who know how digital zoom works, that means that while digital zoom while taking pictures still is pretty much pointless, the N8 allows you to take full resolution 720p all the way through the zoom levels and isn't just a digital zoom of your original 720p frame.+ Built in FM transmitter means that you can play your music through a radio signal which your car's radio can pick up once you tune to that frequency.  You don't need to mess with adapters or cables.  The signal isn't extremely strong, so your mileage may vary depending on your phone's location relative to the antennae in your car.+ Built in GPS with FREE LIFETIME MAP UPDATES AND VOICE NAVIGATION.  That means essentially for the price, you are getting a built in GPS with your phone, that performs just like a standalone GPS.  You can use the GPS without a data plan with no problem at all, it picks up a signal quickly and is very accurate.  If you're worried about the phone accessing the data network accidentally, you can just turn off A-GPS (the only function that uses data).  The GPS will still work perfectly normal, it will just take slightly longer to pinpoint your position.- Since there is no LED, there is no video light available for the phone and that also means you can't use the phone as a flashlight, unless you use the screen with the application QTorch does nicely.- OVI maps (the GPS software) occasionally does weird routes that are not necessarily the best nor the fastest, but it will always take you to your destination, regardless.Software:+ Three completely personalizable home screens that you can swipe left or right to access.  You can provide a shortcut to any of your apps (including third party ones), put in a list of your favorite contacts in a scrollable bar as a widget, get access to email, music player, etc.+ Gallery is now much improved in that you can "check" multiple items at once for deletion or to email, instead of deleting one picture at a time, which was a huge problem in S60v5.+ General use is generally snappy in and out of menus.- Essentially what S60v5 should have been, it doesn't make huge changes other than the home screens, it just fixes up some of the bugs in S60 like the inconsistent double/single tap to open applications.- Occasionally phone felt slightly underpowered, but these cases were few and far between- Overall, the user interface (UI) is not as polished as Apple's iOS or Google's Android.  Things aren't always as intuitively placed as you would like.  But in terms of functionality, Symbian^3 can do everything that the above two OS's can do, it just doesn't really make all the features as accessible.Bottom Line:This phone is extremely well built and has pretty much all the hardware options you can ask for in terms of camera, video shooting, build quality/materials, FM transmitter, built in and free GPS.  In terms of software, Nokia's OS lags behind iOS and Android, but it is fully capable, just not as polished.  The main draw for this phone, however, is the fact that it is unlocked.  Which means if you don't need a data plan (more importantly, if you don't feel the need to pay and additional $30 per month), you do not have to get one for this phone.  Nowadays, every carrier will force you to get a data plan for your phone, which in the long run, comes out to be much more than the cost of buying this phone unlocked ($200 for an iPhone 4, plus $30 additional data plan for 24 months comes out to be $920 just for the data plan.  Not to specifically rag on the iPhone 4, just providing an example of buying any smartphone from a carrier).  That was the big draw for me, and then the amazing camera and free GPS were just bonus features.

I was initially disappointed that only 3 of 7 folks found my review of the N8 useful. Over the last year I have however come to know Nokia fans. Overtime, the poor perception of my review here has made more and more sense to me. In using this phone, I have had to scour user threads and am following a few Nokia feeds via social media. I thought Apple fans were zealots until I came to know Nokia fans. If you are a Nokia fan, read on so you can flame me and refute my review as sour grapes by a lazy user. If you genuinely want to discern whether this is a worthy purchase, read on so you can gather data to make an informed choice._____________________________________________________________________________I own this... it's a nightmare. I have to reboot it up to 3 times per day.I am hugely disappointed since it's got so much unrealized potential. The feature list is spectacular... A true unlocked world phone that works on any GSM network... bluetooth, FM Radio in and out... microSD slot, great camera(on paper), HD video, great OviMaps vector based map with GPS.... but it is hampered by an underpowered processor (it is S L O W) and software that seems at times like it's an Alpha release. I bought it thinking Nokia would address the bugs over time, but 8 months later (and over a year after it was released), and I am still fighting with this device. Nokia zealots might tell me i am stupid, and do not know how to use the phone... but I assure you, I am quite patient, work in IT, and also work with Android and iOS devices. They are all awful, but this Symbian is especially bad. I wish someone could port Meego to it (but i know it's not possible). One can dream.[10/26/2011 UPDATE]Nokia has finally released an update to the software that runs on this Phone (Symbian). Anna is finally available to US N8 owners. It makes the phone much more usable. You'll need to back up your phone data (just to be safe) before you apply the update.In using Anna for the last three days, the phone seems much more stable. Still issues remain: Kinetic scrolling behaves much like on my hated android phone. When using a swipe to scroll, the page you are looking at can whisk well past where you wish to be, it almost seems to accelerate as your data zips past in a blur.Yet, when using the dial pad during an active call, for say entering a pass-code for voice mail, or navigating a set of touch-tone menus, there is lag in the release of the keys. So it sounds like a slow moving senior citizen is working your phone. It also can cause you to enter the wrong sequence of keys. You have to type s l o w l y... It's annoying when you are accustomed to a snappy iOS or even (gag) android.On a positive note, in addition to less lag and more stability, reception seems better, I am consistently getting better signal for data.[October 28th 2011 UPDATE]Last night I had to reboot the phone because it could not get a GPS lock. It picked it up almost immediately after the reboot. Yesterday I also noticed the phone is stuck in silent mode (I have rebooted it several times and un-installed an application called Nokia Situations, which changes the phone status based on parameters you set, the uninstall has not resolved the issue). When I installed Anna, I also installed the Anna Service pack 1. I am currently re-downloading Anna and am going to do a "fresh" install and start again just to see if these issues are from the import of some of my old data, or from some of the apps I've installed, including "Nokia Situations" which is a beta app.[March 13th 2012]I have been using Nokia's Belle update for several weeks now. The the user experience has again been improved, but only marginally. The menus are more pleasant and customizable.I still have to reboot the phone frequently, there is still significant lag in the UI.I continue to uncover additional annoyances and critical flaws:My latest peeves which have been well documented elsewhere:Vibrate: The phone does not vibrate strongly enough and I frequently miss calls because of it. Nokia fans will of course fault me for being an insensitive neanderthal.Loss of settings: I cannot pin point what causes this, (yet), but I frequently lose custom theme settings. For instance, I set silent mode to vibrate (albeit anemically, see above), but 2 times now, I have found the phone snapped back to the default of "no vibrate"Lockup on incoming call.At least a couple of times a month, the screen becomes unresponsive as I am getting a phone call.It seems like the phone is doing something else and sometimes becomes responsive, but only after the caller has hung up.Camera:white balance.It's really unpredictable. Even when I force the settings, there is this bizarre color shift where the camera will be set to one light condition, but shift white balance from shot to shot, as if it were on Auto WB.You cannot turn off the hokey shutter Sound.Turning off the flash has to be the last custom setting you make before you take the shot.If you turn the flash off, then adjust to, say Macro, you have to again turn the flash off.The phone has so much potential, an I still want to like it, but have found it to be nothing but frustrating to use.

We purchased this for a friend who livs in Haiti. It was unlocked and it provides incredible versatility and opportunity to communicate to the outside world as well as download data and expand opportunities to help meet needs.  Great product.

I have been a Nokia user for years, owning a number of their Symbian phones (N75-3, N95-3, E71-2, E72-2, N97-3). I was eager to get this because it appeared as if it was Symbian 5th (S^1) done correctly which is what I was looking for, not to mention the camera really sucked me in. It's been a month and a half since I began using this as my primary device, and I've spent considerable time using it and comparing it to my N97 and Samsung Captivate (Galaxy S).Overall, the N8 doesn't appear to me to be a completely finished product software wise. While comparing it to my N97, I noticed that a number of features that I found very to be useful and loved were gone, like the customizable equalizer in the music player (I'm hoping Nokia gives it back to us in the next firmware update), and the GPS Data application that we always had. Still, there were other things that made me wonder what the software developers were doing during the testing phase of Symbian^3, like how there's no way to send an MMS message that gets stuck in your Outbox, or how there's no menu option to add a song to a playlist from the Now Playing screen like there was in S^1. There are plenty of other examples I can give as well, not to mention all the inconsistencies across the UI. But it's not all bad. In fact there's a lot to like about it.Here's what I liked about it:The camera is fantastic but it will take some time to really master it. Nevertheless its really easy to take a very good quick shot of something, and did I mention how real the coloring is? The days of fake reds and yellows are gone. Video recording is very good. It may not be quite as smooth as the iPhone 4, but there's no overexposure problems, coloring is real, and the audio is by far the best on the market. You can edit your photos and videos right on the phone, unlike with my Captivate, and thank you Nokia for still putting a very good camera button on the side of the phone unlike some other phone makers who don't have one at all (I can't stand that about a lot of Android phones). Reception is typical Nokia aka top notch, and phone calls are crystal clear. I love Nokia's Profile's that allow you to personalize your ringers and tones, and create and customize your own so you can have different ones for different times of the day. Build quality is very good; the best next to the E71. HDMI will actually display the whole UI on your TV unlike certain Android phones which only display your videos. It has a microSD card slot that's easily accessible and USB OTG which allows you to connect any FAT32 formatted flash drive to the phone which is really cool. Finally we have multiple homescreens on Symbian, and you can still create folders in the application menu to organize all your apps just like we've always been able to do. I love the home key that doubles as a notification light and I'm glad its a physical key. Ovi Sync which backs up your contacts, calendar and notes to a server is great. Ovi Maps (v3.06 which does not come with the phone because it's still in beta but has multitouch) is really good. The GPS on this is the best I have ever seen. The single speaker is actually pretty loud (though my N95-3 still sounds louder). Finally we have threaded SMS although it's not done properly. Video playback is very good and it has a long list of formats that will work. The music player UI looks good but is missing key features that were there in my N97 that I always used. However, I really like how disconnecting your headphones while music is playing pauses the song. Also, the volume seems to have more intervals than in previous Nokia's. I like how this isn't always connected via a data connection like a lot of Android devices (My Captivate eats through data because so many apps are constantly downloading information, like Facebook, Twitter, Weather apps, etc). Haptic feedback is really good, and at times you will really think you're actually pressing a real button. Love how it has a front facing camera unlike practically everything you get today from the carriers (thank you unlocked phone market). Love the screen saver that shows the time and any notifications. The battery will get you through the day as long as you aren't syncing email at all times during the day or running any homescreen widgets all the time like Accuweather. I was pleasantly surprised about that, although, if you're going out on Friday night and you did a lot of web browsing during the day, charge it before you go out. Ovi Suite, as much as it still needs work, is really nice to have since you can use it to back up your phone data and download maps to your phone for Ovi Maps. I love how the phone can connect to your computer as a storage device and NOT have to be used through a specific software like iTunes. I like how you can set any song you have as a ringtone, and you can do this through the music player too (again thanks to it being unlocked). The email client has a great implementation of pinch to zoom unlike the Gmail client on my Captivate which has none or the email application on it, which does a poor job of it. Leave it to Nokia to give you multitasking without rules or limits, and I like the familiar Symbian feel it still has to it.What I didn't like:There is no customizable equalizer to fine tune the sound in the music player (only presets that don't do much of anything). The non-removable battery, no matter what you try and tell me, will always be something I don't like. Don't bother using red-eye reduction before taking a photo because it just makes the subjects' eyes look weird. Just edit the photo afterwards. I personally find the 3.5" display to be a little too narrow (a 3.7" would have been better. There are no stereo speakers like on previous Nseries. There's a number of missing menu options that should otherwise be there, the settings menu needs to be restructured badly, and there are too many UI inconsistencies. The Facebook and Twitter apps are terrible compared to ones you get on Android. There is no portrait QWERTY, the landscape QWERTY is not designed like it should be (like the ones on Android, iOS), and the current keyboard takes up the entire display. Certain aspects of the UI are too small to be finger friendly. I find the homescreen switch button to be pointless and think it should be a customizable shortcut instead. The email client is slow and does not display HTML correctly all the time. 256MB of RAM is acceptable but 512MB of RAM would have been much better for every type of user. But I do push this phone hard. Kinetic scrolling speed is not consistent across the UI. In some applications a quick flick will give you a fast scroll, and in other applications it will give you a medium pace scroll. The phone is slower than it should be at times, like when browsing through your loaded SMS Inbox, and when Ovi Sync is running. There are the unnecessary annoying connection notifications which I can't stand, and I don't like how tapping on a link in a text message results in a pop-up instead of simply opening the link. The web browser needs at lot of work UI and page loading wise. I'm still getting all those (you are now leaving a secure website...) prompts when I just want to get to my web page. There is a slight hesitation on the first pinch to zoom in the photo gallery. Only 3 homescreens while Android has 7. The camera UI needs work, and by work, I mean completely redone. No LED flash means no flashlight/video light. There's no touch to focus in the camera for stills or video recording, and you will be cleaning the camera lens a lot. The number of apps available for the U.S. market is a joke compared to Android and iOS's app catalog. Smart dialing only looks for names instead of both names and numbers.As much as I really wanted to love this phone, I can't because of the software and all the things that were left out. Until the software gets updated and the UI gets redone, and all the things that are missing get put back in, I can only give this 3 stars overall, even though it definitely has the potential to get 5. Don't get me wrong, I like this phone, and I'm going to keep it, but I'm not completely happy with it yet. Maybe in January I will be. As far as recommending this, it's the best choice if you want a camera phone, but until the app store starts getting the top 100 apps in the Android Market and iTunes App Store, I really can't recommend this to anyone in the U.S. market who just wants a nice smartphone.For those who have Nokia phones, and are looking at getting this, it's better than anything else Nokia has offered at this point. But that's really not saying much. Symbian^3 is good, but not where it needs to be. Thankfully, there is an update planned for Q1 next year that will bring a lot of changes, but only a few which are known at this point, like the portrait QWERTY. I would wait until that update comes, and then make your decision. Also, there is a second update planned for Q3 next year where the UI will be redone.For those who have Android devices or an iPhone, I highly doubt that you'll like Symbian as it is now. In fact, I know you won't since I also own the Captivate. UI wise it's a step backwards and the app store doesn't have anywhere near the number of U.S. centric apps the other two platforms have. Unless you really want a great camera/media device/phone, I really think that you'll be more disappointed with this than anything, even with all the little things the N8 can do that others can't. Maybe after the upcoming software update, it might be more appealing, but again, if you want apps, there aren't that many good ones. Try it for yourself though. Maybe you'll like it.

I love this phone, but it's seriously trouble prone.  And Nokia has turned it's back on Symbian.This review is actually for TWO N8's, one is the phone I purchased new, the other is a phone my sister purchased new.  Both phones have had many issues, but all turned up after the one year warranty expired.First let me say that I don't 'overwork' the phone, I've not downloaded any apps (ovi store is limited anyhow), or modified the OS in any way. Both phones are fully updated running Belle.  Doing full factory resets have not cleared up any of the below problems, and no, it's not a setting somewhere.List of problems:My phone-1.  Drops cell tower connection randomly, and never comes back on it's own, I have to restart. (won't recieve or make calls)2.  Screen will not light up while outdoors (sunlight) upon incoming call, which makes it impossible to answer call.3.  Cannot install the maps update, because phone is out of memory, 16 gigs of memory should be more than enough.Sisters old phone - (which I've been using)1.  Asks for a security code on start up (i just enter 1, it says fail, but unlocks anyway)2.  Battery life is horrible.  Still terrible with new battery (unplug at 7AM, completely dead by 4pm with no use at all, standby only) the other N8 will work about 1.5 days of moderate use before needing a recharge.3.  Update icon won't go away.  Even after checking for new updates (and it confirming it's fully updated) it still shows up.The phone is great when it works correctly, but considering that Nokia is shooting 0 for 2 on N8's, there will be no more Nokia's for Us.  My sister has moved on to a work provided Blackberry, and I'll probably make the move to Android.  At least there is support for them.  I've had Nokia's since the late 90's, but this one is the last one I'm going to throw my money away on.

I have never written an online review before but I felt it is warranted in this case as this is one conflicted phone and also my first unlocked phone.  I needed a phone to travel outside of the states; I am a happy Verizon iPhone user in the US.  I did have a Droid Pro which Verizon unlocked for me but it will not work in the states or anywhere CDMA is available except on Verizon...( it cannot run gsm if CDMA is available).  I decided to get something different and always liked Nokia products back in the early phone days.The n-8 is built very well IMO, solid, great materials and a great size-fits very comfortably in my hand.  The screen is just ok but sometimes difficult to read.  Speed is just ok...nowhere near that of the iPhone. Call quality is good and like others have said, the camera is amazing.  All in all I like the phone alot and want to like it even more because it is so interesting- it definitely requires a learning curve versus the Apple and Android phones as its OS is not as intuitive but once mastered, it's fine.  One annoying problem is that I can not get my music from my Mac onto this phone as the required plug-in does not work with the latest Apple software-hopefully an oversight Nokia will fix promptly.  In addition, the app store, OVI, is limited-not even a NY Times app.I know Nokia has had many problems of late but I feel that product wise they are pretty close to the leaders..perhaps they should continue to focus on Symbian before "giving it up to Windows" in the upcoming models.I was about to return the phone but it's quirkiness and my need for a true unlocked/world phone is making me consider keeping it.

I had problems with this phone in the beginning. The first phone was delivered dead on arrival and I returned it. I got soon a replacement phone which worked fine for one day and it started to have problems too; it died first after one day of use for 15 minutes, then it worked well for a while and died for one day; I could not turn the power on or off or do anything. I just had to wait until it randomly started to work again. The third replacement unit works well.I believe my review tells quite much same stories than everybody else; the 12 megapixel camera with Carl Zeiss lenz and free GPS navigation are excellent! This is the reason why I pretty much chose my mobile; I like to carry good quality camera always with me. Free GPS is a very handy too as I am new in the country.The Symbian operating system feels slow and old fashioned compared to it's competitors iOS and Android. Also there's not so much applications available to N8 than to Symbian 3. However I haven't find this as a problem because I rarely play games etc. with my mobile phone. I prefer to use my computer for such activities.Web browsing is also slow and not so user friendly than e.g. in IPhone. I also had a problems with Nokia Ovi - Microsoft Outlook calendar sync; but I found a workaround; you have to install old version of PC Suite to get it working.In overall I am quite happy with this product. If you want the best mobile phone camera and free GPS navigation I think this is a very good choice for a mobile phone. If you use your mobile phone mainly for web surfing and playing games and using tons of different application, then some other phone might be better choice for you.

I own N82 - phone I purchased at Amazon as well and have been very happy with. I purchased N8 before Thanksgiving at $429 to be able to access T-Mobile 3G and get better GPS and camera, as well as larger screen and touch interface.I like N8, but I wish I waited with the switch until the firmware upgrade is available.The phone has some issues that are mostly software, not hardware related based on my exchanges with Nokia and reading various forum postings.The most annoying one is this phone's refusal to stop searching for WiFi when requested manually. I've never seen it in any phone I have owned.The second is apparent incompatibility of some of the voice guidance files with the maps. My UK voice guidance works fine, but not US with street names, which is silent. Standard Nokia Tech advice - do hard reset. I wonder why Nokia even bothers employing Tech Support people. After dealing with them for 20 years I find them pretty much useless.The biggest problem that is not software related (I think - Nokia helpers have no clue - do a hard reset they say ?!) is very poor flash performance. My N82 has N8 beaten hands down. At 10ft distance my N82 photo is nice and sharp; the N8 photo is grainy. This despite of supposedly bigger N8 sensor and 12 MP versus 5MP.The HD video though works great, except for low light conditions again, and flash will not work with video.Overall I am sufficiently happy with the purchase to keep it. I'll use my N82 as a backup with other SIM cards when travelling. Again, I wish I waited till they resolve various bugs. I always liked Nokia and it is so dissappointing to see that they cannot get their act together. In Nokia Support forums Nokia reps are missing. This would have been great opportunity for the company to address some of the above mentioned issues. The fact that they are silent speaks volumes to their customer service committment.

Just got my N8 today, it is beautiful but I was shocked at how thin it was, and how uncomfortable it was to hold while making a call, as compared to my trusty 9 year old Nokia 6310i--which felt really comfortable to hold.  Without a case, it seems the N8 would easily slip out of the hand, so I need to hold it tight, but the thin form factor make it difficult and uncomfortable to hold.  Does anyone else  feel this way?  Definitely needs a case for more bulk.  A pack of cigarettes is more comfortable to hold because there is some thickness to grip.Another thing I noticed was that the phone was very warm to the touch after making a 20 minute call.  Don't know if this is typical of this model.What I am trying to figure out is how I can get on the Internet with this phone if I do not have a data plan.  From all the comments that I have read prior to buying the phone, I still don't know.  I have cable broadband at home, and a wi-fi router.  I tried to set up my gmail but it would not take.  How can one send and receive email without a data plan?I have AT&T; Wireless--they are forcing me to change out of my Nokia 6310i due to "system upgrades", and want to discontinue my grandfathered early evenings (after 7:00 PM) plan.  I have been with AT&T; for 13 years.  I went to T-Mobile and they said I could still use my Nokia 6310i on their plan, and tested my phone with their SIM card--so why does AT&T; say I won't be able to use my old phone anymore?  I used to have web access on my old phone, and texting, but AT&T; discontinued them due to their "system upgrades."Some comments indicated that with an unlocked phone like the N8, one does not need to subscribe to a data plan.  How does that work?  The premise is that the unlocked phone's unsubsidized price would be made up by savings on the data plan.  But how?After I have some time with the N8, I will write a review of it, but right now, I am perplexed about how to access the Internet and email without a data plan.  I will keep it if I can have such access.  Otherwise, I am not sure, even though I am partial to Nokia phones--got 9 years out of my trusty 6310i with no problems, whatsoever, and still going strong, but for AT&T.;  I have a hard-wired Nokia car kit with speaker, handset and antenna, so I was and am reluctant to change out--it is so convenient to just plug the 6310i into the holder and have it charging while making hands free calls.Any advice and comments would be appreciated.>>>>>>Now that I have had the phone for a while, and with the Anna update, which was so frustratingly slow to be released, the phone is fine.A problem is that when making a call, if one's cheek touches the screen, get disconnected.They should have designed it so the battery can be easily swapped, since the phone needs daily charge.  On my Nokia 6310i, I kept extra batteries and just swapped batteries at will.As an unlocked phone, with pre-paid T-mobile and wireless, it is working out fine.  Will switch to SimpleMobile in future since they have $40 monthly unlimited plan with data and no sales tax.

What can I say. The phone is same as the N80 that I bought in 2005. A few extra features do not make this phone $450. Also the same GLITCHES I had on my N80 are on the N8. I used my N80 for about 7 months before it stopped working complitely so I really hope the N8 will last longer. NOT MANY USEFULL APLICATIONS at all. Because my wife doesnt understand much in phones she didnt want to return it because she thinks its a nice looking phone (and it really is a good looking for) but I really wanted to return it. Basicaly the phone is OK but NOT for $450. All is worth is $300 the most and thats because its a touch screen and has 16GB internal memory.

I really like this phone, although there are better ones on the market.  Nokia's GPS navigation is great especially considering that it works offline.

dear friendgoodnighti need to know if my credit card accept the  purchase of Nokia. I live in Venezuela and i dont have information if my credit  card supports the purchase that i did..please answer soon  thanks

Longtime Nokia user and this phone does impress with all the hardware it has. Only gripe i have is that when is the symbian anna or belle update going to be available for USA? Also it froze one time when i was using the GPS, and the WIFI keeps turning on even if you disconnect it, anyone know how to fix this? I have tried everything I had to delete the access point for it to stop turning on, or putting the phone on offline mode but then on offline you cannot receive or make calls or receive text messages. Overall though it is a great phone with a few flaws I have listed above, if the next updates can get this fixed 5 out of 5 stars for me.

I OWN NOKIA N85 NOKIA N95 8GB NOKIA N96 NOKIA N900 AND NOW NOKIA N8. AND LET ME TELL YOU NO ONE TALK'S ABOUT HOW GOOD THIS PHONE IS ON CALLS. ALL THEY SPEAK ABOUT IS THE CAMERA AND BROWSER. I HAVE ALWAYS HAD POOR SIGNAL IN MY HOME AREA ON T-MOBILE WITH ALL OF THE ABOVE PHONES.DEAD ZONES AT WORK I WOULD TURN MY PHONES OFF TAKE THE BATTERY OUT PUT IT BACK IN TO RESET TO A NEW TOWER FOR A BETTER SIGNAL WITH VERY LITTLE LUCK. BUT LET ME TELL YOU THAT THIS NOKIA N8 IS GIVING ME A GREAT SIGNAL NO MATTER WHERE I GO. EVEN AT WORK WHERE THERE WAS A DEAD ZONE I GET ALL MY BARS.I ALSO HAVE A UNLOCKED 3GS IPHONE AND A NOKIA 5800 AND NONE OF THESE PHONES CAN STAND NEXT TO THE NOKIA N8. I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS NOKIA N8 THAT I AM GETTING MY WIFE ONE FOR CHRISTMAS. SHE IS ALSO ON T-MOBILE WITH A UNLOCKED 3GS IPHONE. AND TRUST ME SHE WILL GIVE UP THAT IPHONE IN A FLASH. THE EAR PIECE SOUND IS GREAT I CAN HEAR THIS ONE VERY WELL. NO MORE DROP CALLS SPEAKER PHONE IS ALSO GREAT.THIS PHONE IS EVEN FASTER THEN THE NOKIA N900 ON T-MOBILE THEY BOTH WORK ON T-MOBILE 3G. BUT THE NOKIA N8 IS ALOT FASTER. HAY AFTER ALL THE FUN THAT YOU CAN HAVE WITH THIS PHONE YOU CAN ALSO MAKE CALLS TOO.

I am a Nokia fan and had an X6 before this so was looking for something similar or better. Got a good deal on N8. Have had this phone for a month now and am quite happy with the phone and its features. Haven't tried to do everything that it can do. Have tried the FM transmitter  and it works well.The HD video capture is quite good. The GPS navigation works well without network connection although it does take a while to get the GPS location and start navigation.The touch screen sensitivity could have been better though.

I like this phone. I never liked touch screen phones and this phone seems to have the same issue of poor responsiveness as other nokia phones. I mean, unless your screen is PERFECTLY clean it won't work 100%. Also, you can't access your apps unless you login to your ovi account which is inconvenient, or maybe I just can't figure it out...I don't know. I like the wi-fi, never tried the gps, the music player is great, couldn't open attachments in my gmail with this phone. Not much of tv app variety, I have been watching al-jazeerah news tho they broadcast a lot of news you will never hear on american tv. I haven't even figured out 25% of this phone yet but I already like it.

2012 UPDATE: Have now had the phone over a year & do not regret the purchase at all.  The Symbian Anna/Belle updates fixed the purple screen issue.  The N8 still works great: long battery life, good reception, excellent camera ... the only downside is that with Symbian on death row for 2016, the # of new apps are dwindling, so if having the latest is an issue for you, you may want to pass.  On the flip side, the price is now $100 less that what I paid making this an incredible deal for those who do not want to pay for a data plan.  The cheapest one is $20/mo so when the 2 year contract is up, you have pretty much made the $ back on the cost of phone.  Now that Nokia is switching over to Windows, which US carriers can detect & force you into a data plan, I would not hesitate to buy this phone if wifi is all you need.I have now had the phone all of 3 days when I noticed that I have the purple screen/tint issue that people have been complaining about since the N8's launch (search the web for details).  It was most notable on the unlock screen - half the clock was purple while the other half was black.  Altho the clock on the screensaver does not have this issue.Amazon's Help Section was anything but, as their directions on how to EXCHANGE sends you to the RETURN section, where exchanges are not an option.  I called & Amazon will be sending a replacement; the good news is, I do not have to return my phone immediately.  I can wait till the new N8 arrives, that way I am not phoneless.Otherwise, the N8 is great; I intended to use it more before I wrote a review but wanted to warn people that the purple issue still exists before they buy.  Some quick points: the Symbian OS is like the step-child of the mobile world but for me, & I suspect many, it works & does what it needs to do.  The build quality is superb & the phone is slimmer than I thought it would be.  So far no problems w/ the phone rebooting randomly (another common complaint).  Battery life is excellent.The reason I got this phone is bc I did not want to be forced into a data plan & so far this phone has worked great on just wi-fi.  Keep in mind that Nokia just said that they will soon stop selling unlocked phones so anyone else wanting to not be trapped into a data plan may want to buy soon.Hopefully the next phone has no issues & ships w/ Symbian Anna & not ^3 (crosses fingers). Then I will write another review or update this one w/ more details ...UPDATE: Just got the replacement phone & still the purple screen issue.  Grrrr ... !Amazon will not exchange the phone twice, they are now only offering a refund.  They got a Nokia rep on the phone with us who offered to have it fixed under warranty but that would leave me phoneless in the week or so that would take.  Neither is exactly an ideal situation (I would like to keep exchanging this brand new expensive phone until I got one that worked properly) but to Amazon's credit, they did put "Item Under Review" on the dark gray N8 & are not selling it at all until they have a look at it ...UPDATE 2: 6 months later & now on the Belle OS update.  The phone works just fine - does what it supposed to do.  The Anna update took away the purple tint & it is still gone.  AT&T; still has not forced me into a data plan. Do not regret purchasing this phone & recommend to anyone looking for a basic smartphone or dares to be different, especially now that it is $60 less than what I paid.

I bought the phone and found a bug by the manufacturers of hard ware and it cost me to repair the amount of $ 120I do not recommend buying the phone at all

I already this phone already but it needed to be replaced so I got the same phone again because i really love it

A good home phone Nokia with multiple functions and easy to use. With an operating system very versatile and adapted to social networks and tools today.

I ordered Nokia N8 from Amazon and I received the parcel as promised. I found the cell best with 12.1 MP. I strongly recommend this cell phone especially to those who are found of making pictures and movies in HD.

This product has come out excellent, everything went as expected. dispatch has fulfilled the days indicated. I have no complaint for this purchase I have made. very satisfied.

I bought this phone for as what I thought to have been an upgrade from my Iphone 3gs after having read rave reviews of the phone and its listing by Amazon as being a top rated phone. This phone is a complete and total utter disappointment and p.o.s.! This phone has been nothing but headaches, drama and stress with less than two months of ownership! First of all, the phone freezes, shuts off and turns itself back on, downloads and app don't fucntion. The phone stalls when browsing the web and opening apps. I've had to reset the phone three times and finally, the phone had to be sent for service. Now I will be without the phone for another two weeks or more! Even the apps suck! They offer no mainstream, common American apps! Everything is either European or Pakistani or Middle Eastern! The app store is limited. Customer service isn't at all knowledgeable and they don't respond in a timely fashion when your issue has to be escalated to a higher level tech support. I had to wait almost a week to receive the prepaid UPS label to send my phone back for service! The only saving grace to the phone is the 12 megapixel cam! The pic quality is amazing. I haven't tried connecting the phone to my tv via the hdmi cable yet nor have I recorded video but I'm sure if those features function properly or are similar to the quality and functions of the camera, then I'm sure they're great. All in all, I DEFINITELY WOULD NOT recommend this phone! I would have given the phone a one and a half star rating which would have been between "I hate it" and "I don't like it" ONLY because of the quality of the cam. Save yourself the trouble and disappointment and if you want an unlocked quality smartphone, just invest the extra $200-$375 and get the Iphone 4s, 5 or Samsung S3 or Note or Note 2! If the 12 megapixel cam is a must have, then you'll be sacrificing the other features and apps. Personally, I'll be ditching the N8 for the Samsung Note 2 and I'll have no problem spending the extra $375 for it unlocked! As far as the cam, 8 megapixel may or may not be a significant difference in quality than 12 but at least the Note 2 will have both a rear and front facing lens! BEWARE AND YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!

ordered from nokiaUSA, my first impression, broken headphones are sent, device itself is thicker than i expected,  neither ovi store nor the symbian programs are satisfactory, hd video is only good, after 5 days use, it started to restart itself, then i was looking for the nokia technical service places which the two of them already closed in the nyc. then i called them, they directed me to somewhere, then again after 2 days use, it again started to give autotomatic endless restarts, then i immediatley decided to send it back. i am still waiting(23 days) the confirmation of the refund, if they accept the refund, then  i should wait for 30 business days, which means if u can get a refund, u might get it in three months, i wanted to rate the product '0', but there is no such option.

Excelente producto, es exactamente lo que estaba buscando, avanzadas opciones, desempe&ntilde;o, calidad, acabado, velocidad. Recomendado, la enntrega del producto fue hecha puntualmente sin inconvenientes.

It was really new. The delivery was within the promised date. It is a shame that it still does not have Belle update and Anna was a little bit delayed. Anyway, good deal. In my case I saved plenty on taxes because I'm from Mexico and take advantage that I were staying over at Shadyside in Pitts. Less software availability than Android and IPhone; I might regret getting a cellphone with this OS.

After abusing my Nokia N95 for three years finally it broke one day. So, I decided to get the N8 thinking that it would be better than my N95. Which it was ,but the only problem was that the brand new phone had a messed up camera that didn't auto focus. Sent it back said my goodbye to the Nokia ,and went with the Android OS.

DO NOT BUY. It has nothing to do with the NOKIA brand. The board inside this device is different then it is offered in Europe.It failed shortly after I got it. First the camera stopped working, and then the whole device. DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY.

I totally agree with other reviews about all good things of N8, such as fast boot, great camera, good signal,...I will not repeat here.I have two main problems with N8:1. UI not friendlyYes it's fancy, but all those simply functions should be kept as simple as possible. for example, I want to save a number from incoming call list, when I touch that number, it dials the number automatically. I know I can figure it out after searching/reading something (BTW, no paper manual with the package, you either use "user guide" on the phone, or googl search; using "user guide" is painfull too), but why should I spend time on making these basic features work? Hi man, is it a SMART phone to test how smart you are??2. the biggest problem for me: no multiple language supportI bought it at AMAZON, US version. If you speak English only, please forgive me, it's not a problem for you. you can ignore here now. But if you plan to use N8 to read SMS or browse webpage or input something in other languages, such as Hebrew, Chinese, Korean, Thai, Japanese, Spanish, French... Read this"Nokia has decided that each phone sold to each region (Europe, China, North America, Middle East Africa, India, Thailand) would have separate language packs. If you live in North America, you probably get Latin Fonts without support for CJK (Chinese, Japanese, Korean), Arabic, Hindi, Hebrew.... etc. and the Keyboard is limited to English, French, Spanish, maybe Italian..."After searching google several hours, I found a not perfect way to hack N8 and change language package. But again, why should I do this with a risk to break the warranty?? I am an end user, not a developer. When my iphone/Android phones are able to browse web pages, read text messages in these languages..., where is Nokia?? Maybe Nokia doesn't need to compete with iphone/Android phone."Connecting the World"?? Come on, I can't!!! In the end, I return the phone.

UPDATE: I have the nokia 808 2 weeks ago. I bought it  because most of the samsung and htc phone don't come w/warranty. I think that this phone is much better than the n8, the screen is bigger, brighter,faster browsing. The camera sensor is big, but it take the best picture for a camera phone, better than any camera that have 8MP or more.For future buyers of N8 (made in finland). I bought this phone about 2mons ago. Went out on me a week ago. The camera do not process the picture, just blank green screen. the video part goes up to 7sec. then it stops & freezes. My calls are getting disconnected couple of times.Did everything from reinstall the belle software 5X to delete data & restore setting, but nothing work. I had to return the phone w/ a loss $$$  because i have no warranty from Nokia USA. I told amazon that this phone is defective and they waived my 20% restocking fee.

This is the best phone..... nokia n8 is high recomendSugered.  Fast good cam.  All incluid  good memoryGps etc

The best Nokia n 8 I have .the battery last very long time the picture is every sharp.i do recomend to every one who want the battery last 2,3day then get Nokia n8.this is second phone Nokia n8  I buy it.the first one I got when 2years ago.

Updated after many months of ownership.NEW REVIEWWhat I liked:- the camera is outstanding, no question.- this is a computer replacement no modification required. I connect apple Bluetooth mouse and keyboard to the phone and hook it to the my TV screen through HDMI and there I have a full computer for simple office use (e-mail, web , and games). I can hook in my hard drive to the micro USB and I can modify my files with the office apps provided.- I can talk at the same time browse the internet on 3g (that is not just and apple + at&t; as the advertisement claims);- tethering and sharing 3g connection via wifi;- a full use of the GPS capability with some free apps; Ovi MAP is outstanding- perfect sync with Gmail, google calendar and google contacts.The problems:- The HDMI cover cracked before I even used, this is apparently a common problem with N8.- ovi store and apps installation are really annoying, I cannot tell you how many time I had to re-install and update the CNN news app.- I gave up transferring my musics through ovi suite. I'd rather just do it manually- I gave up fixing/finding the MTP driver with windows 7 64bit- I'm annoyed that skype video does not exist for symbian.OLD REVIEWFirst off, I got it cheaper here so price/quality cannot be beaten compared to many smart phones.What I like:- Penta band 3.5 G connection: I'm on T-mobile in the U.S.(1700 / 2100Mhz), I have to switch to European bands (1900/2100) from time to time, and my country uses 850/2100 Mhz.- The camera: With this phone's Carl Zeiss lens (with 12 Megapixel ccd) I don't need a point and shoot camera in my pocket.- USB on the go: you can plug in USB flash drives and transfer files. I attached Sandisk multi-card reader and it works...- HDMI out: one of my DVD encoded documentary was 1.7 Gb; I thought it would not play but it was smooth...perfect.- The Fm receiver/ transmitter: I bought the car charger (Nokia D4) just for this. Now I play my music through fm radio transmitter.- The music player is a little "wanna be" apple's cover flow but it's good.- OVI map and voice guidance is excellent. I would rank it higher than Tom Tom's services besides it is free and does not require data coverage.- Full Office set: quickoffice, file manager, pdf reader, even a zip manager for free.- I can download any file, and send them as e-mail attachments- True multitasking, no question! (OVI map on + music on + transmitting through fm radio + wifi tethering)Some critics:- I think Symbian^3 interfaces are smooth, way better than the previous S60 but can be improved a lot. It is NOT snappy feel like iOS but good enough.- Symbian has less support and that is Nokia's responsibility especially now that they are moving away from its openness. On top of that windows mobile will be the next platform.- Voice command is not that good...web browser sucks, although there are some good implementation in app forms (eg "AP news" or "Accuweather")- Symbian OS takes a learning curve. If you expect something that just works and easy...you will be frustrated.- Switching between wifi and 3G connection and automatic turn on and off are sometimes problematic.My recommendation:Use Opera mobile instead of the nokia's web browserAPPS: Install internet radio, big screen for HDMI, Joikuspot for a 3g to WiFi tethering, swipe to improve on screen keyboard.Make sure there is not app that keeps your 3g connection on. Not only you have to pay the bill but it drains you battery really fast. When pairing with windows 7, make sure it does not automatically connect and backup, I experienced many crashes.If you use windows 7 64bit to pair with the N8's Bluetooth, I recommend you search on google " ASUS Bluetooth driver" and install it. That would activate many options including (1) use of your pc's speaker/micro phone as your headset (2) sim access or a direct call from your computer (3)...Last words: The hardware can handle all highly graphic demanding mobile 3d games (Need for speed, Real golf 2011,Galaxy on fire pre-installed) but I wonder what a superfast processor and high memory would improve. Looking forward to update to Symbian Anna in September.

Let's face it, this is the best camera phone ever. You may not always bring your camera with you, but you will always have your phone with you. Then, you can always take good quality pictures any time. Nokia phones are very well made, outstanding hardware.I can't wait for the next Nokia WP7 phone.

Simply put...amazing.  Fantastic camera, shoots 720p HD video, HDMI output, 16GB storage capacity with MicroSD slot, can plug a mouse or USB thumb drive into it.  I updated the phone's software from Anna to Belle and it gave the phone a much more modern/sleek look and feel. Can't rave enough about how great this phone is...especially with a 32GB Class 10 MicroSD card.NOTE: It can get a little sluggish if you have over 2000 text messages or have "Theme Effects" turned on.

Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)sin palabras con este telefono. el servicio de entrega todo en el tiempo indicado

Returned it and waiting for the replacement. I will write a better review when it arrives. If the second is dead on arrival it will be returned and I will not replace it with another one of the same phone and give this one star. Until then I am rating it 3 stars in the middle.

This phone can do almost anything that a phone can possibly do and the great news is that it can only get better with time most likely nokia will have all the bugs worked out and prob with some additonal features with the service pack

The Nokia N8 with the latest Symbian Belle is one of the best smartphones in the world, and here is why ?Camera & Video camera is outstanding (12-mega pixel lens )Better user experience than previous Nokia devicesFree Ovi maps turn-by-turn navigationAnodised aluminium coverGood battery life ! and more you gonna Love it !

i had the nokia 5800 before i bought the nokia n8. i would say the nokia n8 is an improved version of the nokia n8. slightly larger screen, capacitive instead of resistive, better cpu and a much better camera.the capacitive screen is a great improvement over the resistive screen of the 5800. the amoled screen is also much better and i love it. looks decent enough in sunlight though not direct sunlight. great responsiveness though the OS itself can lag on occasion. nothing serious.the keyboard is terrible. doesnt allow multiple fingers touching at the same time so that if you press "e" and while pressing "e" you press "f" and then let go, only the "e" appears on screen so you must type each letter with one touch and one touch only. a drag. still, responsiveness of touchscreen and predictive T9 can be a nice enough substitute. also no portrait qwerty keyboard yet.music is much like on the 5800, which in my opinion, lacks. looks nicer but still in essence the same as the 5800.video is very good. you can play most formats up to 720p resolution but some h.264 files do not play. this was somewhat a disappointment. you can convert the files but one of the reasons i wanted this device over the 5800 is that i would not have to convert anymore. still, most files do play and very nicely. also the HDMI 720p output is very nice and is also one of the reasons this device stands out (though output is for video and images only i think). a playlist for video files would have been a nice feature that is missing.call quality is nokia's standard, which is very good. SMS looks good though again, the lousy on screen keyboard tarnishes the experience.battery life: i do not use 3G. just wifi. the battery lasts a day with some inet surfing and light gaming. i am mostly pleased with battery though it is a shame it is not user replaceable. a minor thing.apps: not what i got the nokia 8 for but still, i went to the ovi store and downloaded quite a few apps. some games (angry birds and fruit ninja and some other games) and some apps (flashlight and eggtimer for example). ovi store not near the apple or android store but was good enough for my wants.overall, i am pleased with this purchase. the value for money quotient is very high for this device and i am loving it and hope it gets even better in future software updates.

Stay away from them! I ordered Nokia N8 for my mom couple months ago. And now its not working at all. Complete black out(She never used web or anything like that. She only knows how to press talk bottom)))So i contact seller Wireless Experts Inc., they said i never got it from them and i won't be able to exchange the phone. Two days later sellers name change to Amazon LLC. This seller is a total scam AND SELLING JUNK,that DOESN'T work.DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!!!!! Just waist of money.

Compre 5, de los cuales 1 o 2 tienes problemas con la bateria, resulkta que se apagan sin razon y no los puedes volver a prender a menos que los lleves a servicio tecnico y cambies la bateria o le hagas un "chispazo" mal mal,,Somos MioArt.Org

Hi All!!Let me first begin by saying that extremely impress with the excellent service that I have received from Amazon. My N8 arrived on time as was indicated and for those who have been wondering about the make from Amazon. I received the Finland model.Now to the business at hand.The first thing I noticed was the excellent build quality of the device, it is by far the best that I have owned thus far, and I have owned many, being a Nokia "die hard". The aluminum body is really sturdy yet has a classy feel to it.The 3.5 amoled screen is superb and I had to problems with legibility even when placed under direct sun light and guys, the screen is really virtually scratch resistant (Gorilla Glass). I have tested it out and am truly impress.The N8 screen sensitivity is as good as we've come to expect from capacitive units, especially coming from the N97 with resistive capacity.I have tested all the peripheral connections (eg. HDMI, micro USB port with USB On-the-go support)and they all worked wonderfully.The 12mp camera, goes with out saying guys. I have taken many pictures since I received it and they are absolutely breath taking!!Finally, it is my opinion that the Nokia N8 is the best Nokia has to offer at present and I truly recommend this device to any one who is looking for a phone that is feature riched and one built to last.

i love my new cellphone ... Finally nokia has developed a good product. Touch screen is more digital .... This model is faster than others and battery is durin the hole day eventhought i am connected to the internet all the day.... Emails are receiving faster than my other cellphones. The best of this cellphones ??? Battery and touch screen .... And off course camera

First of all I was surprised that people will do a review to a device they never used. I personally waited until I received it from Nikon USA about a week ago, used it for a while, then I thought about writing the review.I have a Blackberry Curve 8300 and I own an iPod touch (3d Gen), I never owned a Nokia phone before, and I feel very comfortable and amazed by many of the features on the Nokia N8. The hardware of this device is exceptional, in my opinion. The camera, HDMI, USB connectivity are all very nice features. The screen resolution, although not as high as an iPhone but felt that it is more than enough for me. I edited images and watched videos on this device with no problems at all, the quality was excellent. This device comes with an internal 16Gb memory + a micro SD card slot (up to 32 Gb additional memory), more than $200 cheaper than the iPhone.The software and operating system though have some room for improvement. Although operating the phone was simple and mostly straight forward, but some features could be better, such as the calendar (operational but can be improved in terms of its look and ease of use) and selecting/copying/pasting text (a feature that I still don't know how to do on the N8 but was simple and easy on the iPod).I looked for the following options when I thought about buying a new phone:1- Price: the price shouldn't be inflated2- Calendar Sync with MS Outlook: essential for my work and everyday use3- Good music player: I have a bunch of lectures and songs that I rely mainly on my phone in my car while traveling (I currently use an audio tape with cord) - The N8 has the FM transmitter feature which is very useful too (I was able to play a small movie for my kids on the phone and let them hold the phone in the back seat with no cables .. they considered it cool!)4- WiFi connectivity: I'm not a big fan of the data plans!5- Nice contact manager: Nice one on the N8 - the Ovi Suite Synced my contacts and my calendar easily and in a very simple way.There are a bunch of other features that I still did not explore on the phone (GPS, HDMI, Voice commands ...etc), but those I presented were the most important ones and the N8 did a great job to address all of my needs.In summary, I believe that Nokia is in the right track with touch screen interface, the OS is operating finely and have very nice features too, shortcuts, widgets, customizable home screens (3) all of those are working in a slick and smooth manner.The phone signal is working well, the call quality is excellent, people have been commending the quality of voice when I call them too.In one sentence: Excellent job Nokia.

It has navigation that uses Nokia gps with no internet required. That's pretty much the best feature. Actually I lied, the camera is the best feature. You have to be a sniper to get an incredibly sharp picture. I'm talking about snapping the picture in between breaths. It'd doable though.  Or use a tripod. But from handheld standing position, it still takes sharp pictures, just not incredibly sharp.

Excelente producto, es muy Satisfactorio. No tengo ninguna queja hasta el momento, la verdad estoy complacido con el producto. El mismo llego en perfecto estado.

I can not install symbian anna on the phone .. Why? if my phone is released do not come out the OTA updates, ovi suite and nsu

I have had two past Nokia phones that worked fine. I had high hopes for the N8, but I wish now that I had sent it back while I still could. E-mail push is HORRID on it, if you have g-mail. My old Nokia 5800 was way better in this area. Phone sound isn't bad, unless it is laying on its back, but when I have spent $400 on a phone, it needs to at least do a good job with e-mail too. I won't be buying another Nokia.

I just received this phone and cannot turn it on. At first, I thought that power is off and I charged it for several hours. But it doesn't work again even no sign on the screen when i try to turt it on.I think that there is disconnection to power or charging system has a problem.I want to know if there is warranty in turkey, otherwise I will return it or replace it.It is a pity the phone doesn't work when i just receive it.If someone had a same problem like me, let me know it, please.

The product its original, brand new, very happy cause i can use it in any country, i like it a lot, and very easy to use it. thank you very much

I have had this phone for a week and I have not been disappointed.  To save space I will just add my endorsement to M. Nitouche's and Dirk's recent reviews.  I replaced my N82 with the gray N8.  I can only hope Nokia's Symbian house cleaning (as they go to Windows) will not keep them from fulfilling their promised PR2.0 OS upgrade.  The phone is stable, but the many reviewers have pointed out a few things the next OS release needs to do.  I will repeat one thing many others have said:  Don't get this phone if you don't want to learn something in order to adjust it to be the way YOU want.  This is great a great phone.

I bought Nokia N8 from Amazon warehouse sale. The item listed as used like new. When I received it today, I was shocked. It came with no original packing, missing user manual and the cell phone itself was wrapped by a thin plastic form. They put the cell phone and all accessories in a zip log bag and sent it like a book with Amazon typical card board wrap. I can not say much about the product, because it could not power on.  But I can tell the cell phone battery part was open before. I guess there might be something wrong with the power. I am very disappointed with Amazon this time. That said, I might not buy from Amazon warehouse sale any more.

I bought this camera/phone primarily for the camera.  I wanted a pocketable video/still camera that would deliver good quality videos that would not disappoint when viewed on a TV and pictures I could include on my signature photo-collages.  The video quality is quite good as viewed on my computer monitor.  I have not yet printed any stills, but the screen quality is also quite good.  The photos are sharp and detailed with no noticeable color fringing.  The shutter lag is acceptable when pre-focusing is done.  The only problem I had was with taking video with too many other apps open.  I got sound, but the frames froze, probably due to lack of free memory for processing the video frames.Angry birds plays well on this phone. Hard to keep it out of my 3 and 5 year old kids hands due to this.Oh, and by the way, the phone works well too.

Having always been a fan of Nokia, I had no reservations whatsoever about purchasing this product. The reviews were brilliant and all, but it was a different story after it arrived. I've had it for five (5) months now. I use a MacBook Pro for syncing contacts and calendars and I have had no issues with that.The OS (Symbian 3) is very sluggish, sometimes outright unresponsive. There was some improvement after installing the update released in February by Nokia, however I'm still having to restart the phone ever so often and because of that I've installed only two (2) apps on my phone: Skype and Opera, both of which work really well. After installing whatsapp via the Ovi store and having my phone crash repeatedly to the point where I had to have it replaced, there is a reluctance to install applications (despite my doing the necessary research) - and this undermines the original intent of the purchase.The battery life is a lot less than what I had come to expect of Nokia. Recent models I've had include the N76, E50, and E73. Nokia ought to have done way better.The phone's WiFi drops connections ever so often.On the upside, the screen is really nice, the body is sturdy and feels of really good quality, very attractive on the whole. The bluetooth has a really long range which was a pleasant surprise. It is nice how the screens are customizable. The hardware specs are really good, impressive actually, but Nokia fell down badly in terms of the quality of the N8 firmware to allow users to make the most of it.I would not purchase a Nokia smartphone again. I'm considering the Android and iPhone alternates for purchasing in the not-to-distant future owing to my growing impatience with this product.

Nokia really let me down on this phone.  I wanted a Nokia phone since the old models but they just don't offer Nokia touchscreens in the area I live in.  I inserted my AT&T sim card and this phone kept telling me my Sim card memory was full but when I inserted it back into my old Iphone it worked fine. WTF! The keyboard drove me nuts, If you didn't have it turned landscape when you opened a text or went to text you had to use the old keyboard.  Who even has those on a phone anymore.  The facebook app was weird, I guess I'm use to an Iphone but really wanted a Nokia touchscreen (repeat). I could not pair it with my hands free device in my new car, the app store was pathetic.  I could go on but I think you get the picture. Even though it's diplay screen is a 1/2 longer than and Iphone 3, it is narrower so there for it's not better.

Nokia more than did this one right but since I am not a very technical person, this is just a basic review. I've had the phone for about 3 weeks now and am loving it. I have to agree with many in that one of the best selling points of this phone besides the great physical build and the killer 12 megapixel camera (which takes astounding pictures)is that it is unlocked.  I switched from the 5800 Xpress Music and there is definitely a big difference but being that it is still a symbian system I haven't ran into anything that was too hard for me to figure out by myself, music sounds great and call quality is great as well. I added a 16gb memory card on top of what the phone comes with (16gb) so I'm more than happy with enough memory for whatever comes my way. If you are a simple person looking for a great phone with features galore(unlocked, fm transmitter, bluetooth 3.0,Dolby surround sound, tethering, USB port...) and it gives you the freedom to do things that operator branded phones don't then you'll love this phone. I know I do! (This is an edit of a previous review)

I love this phone it has everything on it. The design is amazing, the camera is great and all the things you can do with it are amazing.

The N8 is a smartphone with great Hardware and truly Stable, however, the problem still beeing Symbian. I mean, Symbian was great few years ago, but they never upgrade it and other Mobile OS are way better, like Android...If you are a Symbian fan then this is an excellent choice, but I strongly recommend to buy some other OS.

There are some great things about this phone.  The GPS is super, though prohibitively expensive in the data mode.  Still good where wi-fi is available, and adequate on it's own.  Overall a great addition.  The camera is wonderful, better than it has any right to be.  And the phone is OK.On the other hand it is difficult (so far impossible) to configure into a simple, useful form.  For instance, can't get a browser key onto the home page either intuitively or trying to find and follow directions.  The apps store is either unavailable or the apps don't download, just get an "Error" message.  A ridiculous state of affairs for Nokia, but that's how it is.  Can't download the few apps I've managed to get into the computer into the phone.  The instructions and help are useful but have an interesting problem. Directions don't necessarily translate into what is on the phone.Overall I'm debating whether to keep it, don't know if I want to go to the trouble of sending it back but neither do I want it.  It's OK, but for the money there has to be better out there.I didn't return it and I wish I had.  This has to be the worst purchase I've made since I bought a Magellan GPS.It usually doesn't ring.  I know if someone called by the voice mail indicator.  It is very difficult to use.  Phoning a person on my contact list takes 6 finger taps.  To navigate awkward, not intuitive, and not reliable.  The camera is excellent, absolutely superb, but try taking two in a row.  You have to navigate away from the camera to save the first, then navigate back.  And on and on.  The apps don't work, you can't find them anyway.I'll never purchase a Nokia again, or any OS they use no matter the brand.

The phone's camera is of very good quality. In general, the phone has good features and functionalities. The screen size is ideal. Comes with accessories connected via HDMI.

Thought it was going to be a great phone, but sadly, it was all too commercialized. None of the features on the phone is worth the price except the camera.

I've had my N8 a week and I have a genuine love-hate relationship with it already.Technically, there isn't much I can say about the N8 that hasn't already been said.  The cameraphone is incredible 12mp, with easy-to-learn picture, movie and editing options.  The phone gives good service.  But that's where the love affair ends.I've had no luck at all with the supplied Nokia Ovi Browser.  It's awful, suddenly goes non-responsive, interprets pinch-to-zoom as clicking on something my fingers happened to come close to, won't stop, won't go to what I click on (despite the bio-feedback you feel which sort of 'clicks' when you touch a link).  Except for reading the news, it's practically useless.So I downloaded Bolt.  I've had great success with Bolt on other phones.  Unfortunately, there's no 'arrow' feature for the N8, so I'm left with the same non-responsive touch problem as on the Ovi Browser.So I downloaded Opera.  Mini.  Then Mobile.  Same problems with the iffy touchscreen.So I downloaded some cheapo Chinese browser.  It's okay in mobile mode, but as basic as can be.I'm flummoxed, and I guess I'm keeping the phone.  But I can definitely see replacing it next year when the new WM Nokias come out.Too bad.  We could have been a great couple.  :(

about my order:1) I had 1 day delivery, however it took 2 days on the way for delivery, I had it in the late afternoon on the second day before I decide return it. remember the carrier is UPS, it was the only one delivery service provider for 2008 Olypic game, but seems it screwed domestic delivery up right now. for me 1 day delivery means within 24 hours and I was only available on that day but the day after that day. but this order takes 52 hours from I placed it.2) after I placed my N8 order 30 hours, the price was dropped $30 bucks to $399.Product pros:1) multiple language support, English, Spanish and other three popular languages.2) big and high resolution touch screen.3) it's a colorful device, and have 5 else alternatives4) 12MP cameraProduct cons:1) again, lack asian language support, such as Chinese.2) the firmware version(11.12) is lower in comparison with other regions(13.16).3) bettery life is not long enough to support the big fancy screen, nomally 20-30 hours for each recharging.4) inferior camera flash light will spoil the picture quaily, seems it's taken under heavy fog circumstance.5) never reset it to factory setup before your fully backup your N8, otherwish you won't install Ovi store and a few fancy apps anymore. for normal users the only way to get them back is you have to go to NOKIA service support center to ask help from specialist, but me.6) Symbian^3 OS is not realy high performance and convenience compare to Android, new version Win7 mobile and iPhone. occasionally crash and reboot automatically because heavy and frequent usage.

it seems like Nokia designed this phone on another planet away from all other touch phones, and of course a dummy like me trusted Nokia and bought it.  I had Nokia N95 before it, and it's a much better phone.* the touch screen is a joke or made for kid fake laptops..* the phone freezes sometimes (the replacement)* the speaker is under the phone, so if are sleepy and put it down with screen facing up, you will not the alarm or ring.* very bad speaker* I had downloaded the maps three times, so some reason when you check update the map, it deletes previous maps in less than a second.Good things:* GPS capabilityIf you are spending $300 to buy it, spend 200 more and get Samsung S3

just bought this phone last week, for im interested on the free offline navigation and im realy amazed that the offline mode realy works, u just need to download the map it may take a little bit longer but worth the download because u can use it offline, the camera is pretty good 2 and all the other stuff i realy recomend this phone.......... love it my baby..

Having lived overseas for awhile, I wanted a U.S. spec. unlocked phone in which I could freely replace SIM cards.  After looking at a few other brands, I decided to go for the Nokia N8.  I was impressed by the camera, and its voice navigation and maps features.  The phone is sometimes a bit slow to respond, but all it takes is a reset every once in awhile.  Also, since pre-paid SIM cards are pretty standard in many countries,  I would recommend this phone for international travelers and for expatriates that don't want to spend a ton of money for cellular phone service.  The SIM card is easily replaced by popping it out of the left side of the phone.

Excellent phone and nokia still the best phone in the market, Gift to my girlfriend!!!! Nokia n8 still ahead of your time

It is the second time that i buy this phone, the first time there where no problem at all, but this thime the phone came whitout all the languaje avaible and all the languaje that ai needed; And the worst thing, the speaker didn't work an i have to changed it, and it was not perfect. What a deception

I've used Nokia for a while. I've stuck with Nokia because their call quality is the clearest and the battery life is always the best and nearly unchanging after 3+ years. I've had three phones, all nokia, since 2001 and I've always been satisfied, they break due to freak accidents.The N8-00 was nice, especially with Belle installed. Camera was perfect, good amount of functional apps. Great GPS. Great storage. A little laggy at times, but it's seriously for maybe 2 or 3 seconds and it happened once.The downside is ... I purchased this phone a couple weeks after Easter, and it's already dead. I paid almost 500.00$ for the phone on here. Was walking back from a volunteer thing and it started raining a little, put it in my zipped jacket pocket, took it out, it was dead. Barely had any moisture near it and it died. I tried flushing it with de-mineralized water like they told me to on nokia's twitter account, now it won't even turn on.Noticed that they split the price down by a little over 100.00$ now and it sucks that there's nothing that can be done about my phone :(. Too poor to get another phone now. Aside from how ridiculously weak the n8 is with water, I loved the phone, wish I had another one.

Very nice and sleek. Something different than the iPhone. Has FM,and Dig card for extra memory.Easy to useand also it was unlocked.

No apps, miserable interface, the Nokia computer support application is the most invasive, miserable, hard-to-use thing I have ever had the misfortune to install.Support is non-existent, and compatibility with other items (bluetooth, etc.) is 'iffy' at best.Do not buy.

Great hardware, excellent navigation system, clear voice quality.....when it works!!!!! At other times, it will shut itself off in the middle of calls, it will simply stop navigating for no reason.The only help we get from Nokia is to tell us to shut off and start up the phone again. Terrible customer service.I am sorry that I wasted a bunch of money on this phone. Don't buy this phone until something is done to fix what I believe are software bugs.

The reason I purchased this phone is because I did not want any data plan, yet I wanted fully functional GPS, WIFI and a good camera. This phone has all I wanted. You can choose to stop mobile data (home country or abroad). You can also download any map over wifi for any country of your choice for free and use it for your GPS without the need of a any data plan or Internet! It works even without a sim card. To give you an example: I was on the cruise ship between Bahamas and Miami and I had my GPS functioning, which actually showed me that the ship was going 27 miles per hour! The camera is awesome: Carl Zeis lens, autofocus (allows you to take pictures of business cards, texts, text from TV or computer screen with 100% accuracy). Most of the phone cameras will not let you do this, since they have fixed focus only. Unlike other camera phones, this phone has a real flash light. Your pictures will be bright just as if you used your regular camera. HDMI works flawlessly and will let you see pictures and videos on your TV. FM transmitter will allow you to use your phone in any car not equipped with a bluetooth or an auxiliary input. Many folks complain that the FM transmitter does not work. It is because they do not transmit on the right frequency (adjustable). Google "fm vacant frequencies" and you will find the website, that will tell you which radio stations in your area have the weakest signal or if there any empty frequency slots. Then your phone will play music over the radio with no static.  It is also useful to know where your car radio antenna is.  For instance: some cars have it integrated in the rear window! So, if you sit on the rear seat you can transmit on any frequency you want, since you are close to the car's antenna. However, if you are on the front seat you need to select the most optimal frequency.  Overall, N8 is the best phone for the price with absolutely no doubt in my mind. Nokia N8 is simply the best!

The phone charger was not working. I had to buy a new charger at an extra cost to power the phone!

Excellent product.!! very fast for data and the camera is the best in cellphones. kljnui hnoihfd ho hnoi io fd

The free mapping software is actually pretty good. The phone knows where you are the instant you activate the Nokia Maps. I find myself using it much more then the built in GPS of my car.I can run 5 or six apps at the same time with no slow down in the processor.You can watch live tv for free via your carriers data plan.The camera is amazing. I have used every function on it including the software to compose a video with titles and credits.Nokia is adding new apps to their store every day.My only complaint is There should be a way to remove words from the built in predictive text dictionary.  When I press 4 then 5 the first word brought up is Im (upper case I). Tapping the star key brings up im (lower case i). I do not care about caps when texting.

Excellent phone, which is just needed. The best phone I've had and very easy to use, has many features and very powerful

I just want to say, this is not ther best product I've bought the cell phone looks good but the accessories are not originals the earphones are so bad and the charger is not the original

I must admit that Nokia N8 is an "amazing piece of technology" but it's only great if you can get a working one.Unfortunately, it seems like Nokia was on a rush producing the phone and they had serious trouble with quality control .I ordered 3 Nokia N8s from Amazon and all are defectiveThe first one I ordered (made in China) last November consistantly froze and had issue with 3.5mm audio jack. It was sent back to AmazonThe second N8 (made in China, week 49/2010) arrived 2 weeks ago with lots of expectation. It did not charge at first and froze several times after booting up. The camera button did not lead me to camera mode no matter how hard I pushed it. But the worst part is the screen. It produced purple/red color instead of dark grey. You can simply check the analog clock by switching the lock key, then push home or power button. Mine had bottom fine but upper half of the clock all purple. Other black-white image tests or even Tron trailer can point out the discoloration of the screen. The phone came back to AmazonThe replacement N8 (also made in China, week 48/2010) came several days ago and also had bad screen. It's even worse that the home key is deffective as well. It did not lead me to the main menu. PR 1.1 did not solve any of these faults. Thanks to Amazon's great return policy that allows me to have refund for the deffective phones.Being a Nokia fanboy, I waited too long and was so eager for the phone to appear. But after 3 times, N8 disappointed me much. I would still buy a Nokia N8, but definitely not until Nokia can warrant that N8s are free of defects.So I suggest you check your N8 if you own one (google "N8 purple tint display issue") and good luck if you plan to purchase a N8 this time of the year.

Thank you for help me with the purchase of the telephone, however, duringthe travel, the package was opened. When the package arrived to my home,there was all things, except the headphones. I don't know if you can help me, thank you anyway

I bought it on November 30. I've been using it for two weeks and the phone is still stable. The first day I had to perform a factory reset because of the phone inestability (for example: crashed when entering the picture gallery or the camera), but after the phone "reset" it has been OK.It's well built, the camera is just amazing, the HDMI output is very usefull (to me), the USB on the go is also very usefull.The downside of this phone is the software, it feels like a beta version of a phone OS. Very very buggy, the touch interface still needs to be polished, you continuously press buttons that you don't want to, and this is my third touch phone. One day the portrait keyborad crashed and when I pressed 2 it wrote 5, the same happen with all of the keys, so I had to restart the phone.I would buy this phone again, it's not that I don't like it, it's just that the Symbian^3 still needs more work.In conclusion, it's like having a new computer running Windows 95. Hopefully the anounced firmware update for january fix most of this anoyances.

everything you need in a phone - for about half price of competition:-)) you're gonna love it and will be glad to have a truly UNLOCKED WORLD PHONE with everything from superb to adequate. You can use it in every country of the world - just pop in a new SIM card every time.

Everything was going great until I saw the camera that is as output, I guess that's 12 megapixels but I do not like it lost the grace as well as old and better camera sold it to buy back the x6.Todo iba muy bien hasta que vi la c&aacute;mara que es como salida, supongo que por los 12 megapixeles pero eso no me gusto perdio la gracia con eso asi como de c&aacute;mara antigua y mejor lo vendi para comprarme el x6 de nuevo

i love the phone overall.  great camera, very fast connecting GPS (as compared to the Nokia 5800 and other nokia phones)  great internet.  very cool apps, most are free.the cons:the operating system is VERY UNSTABLE.  it crashes/freezes very often. even in the menus, it will freeze, or refuse to open new apps.  it also hangs while opening some apps, or the touch screen buttons stop working.  for the life of me, i can not transfer the music onto this phone.  it should be as simple as finding the music on the memory card (that was in my nokia 5800)  but it can not find that music.  last night, i put the music onto the phone  directly, and after scanning for 8 hours, it found 10 sounds.the battery life is horrible.  the phone is trying to do to much, and it drains the battery.  for example, it is constantly trying to connect to the internet (or scans for it),  it is constantly turning on the GPS feature to tell you your location, and current temp in the city (or area of the city) you are in.i would say the battery life is about 6 hours, even on power saving mode, it is only about 2 days.games are unstable, they often freeze.the speakers that are built inside the phone sound horrible.  compare the sound quality to the Nokia 5800, and these speakers sound like headphone speakers that are turned up way to loud.  the 5800 had more then 1 speaker, and sounded great.also, please note that this is just not my phone.  many people are complaining about this on Nokia's official forums, and we are waiting for a more stable update to come out to fix the operating system.  all phones with this operating systems are reporting similar problems (c6, n8, and e7, 97)once they fix that, it will be the best phone on the market.  when it works well, it is a great phone, but i am upset i paid so much for an unstable phone.

I cannot believe these people did not leave instructions  in English.  WIll report more later when I have a chance to set the phone up the old fashioned way.

hi when ' go to warranty central in my country(turkey) he said to me  you need receipt including cell phone's serial  number please send me with e-mail I NEED RECE'PT PLEASE SEND ME EMA'L WHY D'DNT ANYBODY HELP ME

The N8 is an outstanding phone.  If you require the apps that Android and iPhone have don't buy this, but there are many useful apps available at the ovi store.  The phone works great, battery lasts about a week before charging is required, the audio quality is outstanding.  I cannot say enough good things about this phone, if you are reading this then you already know the pros and cons of symbian, if that doesn't concern you then you will be very happy with this device, it is truly amazing!  The hardware is solid, camera is great. the software is mildly buggy, but it does not deter from the overall experience.  I recommend this phone to smart people who don't seek the most simple things, enjoy.

lo que le puedo decir es que el articulo llego a tiempo,y en buena condiciones recomiendo a esta tienda 100%.sobre el telefono, la camara es lo qe lo salva, ahora que lo uso no me gusta prefiero el samsung galaxi o el iphone son mas rapidos.

Folks,In a word, excellent.Ok, so it's a few years old at this stage, but it's still in 2nd place in the camera stakes (only beat by its newer brother).- 12 MP with Xenon flash (unlike the mickey-mouse LED type flash seen in other manufacturers phone/camera).- What's Xenon flash? --> the real deal, as found in dedicated cameras.- 720p HD video recording (search online for a short film made by Nokia N8, 'the commuter' I think!).- GPS: that doesn't need a data plan; it's a GPS (ie. no cost, it will work as a GPS device with or without the SIM card inserted).- Signing up to Facebook/Twitter and the like doesn't expose all your data to these corporations. Nokia uses a middle-man tool called 'Nokia Social' that pulls information from FB rather than dumping (sorry, sharing) your phonebook onto the FB servers.Highly recommended.Regards,Happy Shopper.

I'll not get into the debate about which smart phone has the best operating system, the most apps or the fastest processor as I could care less.I wanted a great camera phone and this is the best one - hands down. It takes better pictures than my previous digital point and shoot camera, plus it has some photo editing built in.Clear voice calls with no dropped calls. Doesn't anyone care about this anymore?Built in, stand alone GPS with voice directions. I used this feature while on vacation when my portable Garmin was stolen from my rental car and it worked without flaws.The web browsing is adequate for my needs and it picks up wireless signals quickly.This phone does all that I wanted it to do and more. It is built to last and the Gorilla Glass screen has no scratches after carrying it for two months in my front pocket.Bought it unlocked so I am not hooked into another needless two year contract extension.If you want a camera phone the N8 is it. If you want to play games, or talk about the latest app you don't really need, or need an Apple product just to say you have one, then you probably won't buy this phone no matter how good ( or bad ) the reviews are anyway.As for me, I love my Nokia N8 and wouldn't trade it for any other phone on the market today.

Very Good Phone.Pros:-great build quality-beautiful, (almost)unibody aluminium chassis. Will probably go down as one of the great industrial phone designs.-Speaker's really loud-battery life is decent-great Gorilla Glass Protected 'nHD' AMOLED screen-Symbian^3 is highly customizable and multitasking friendly-camera can rival "point and shoot" image quality,though not always. Camera Pro app is a must.-Call quality is great.-great GPS reception.Cons:-browser sucks big time.Thank god for opera.-OS can be sluggish-Symbian^3 can be obtuse for new comers. I have been using nokias' ever since i bought my first phone, so its not a big deal for me-stock symbian^3 looks ugly-only 3 homescreens. This wouldn't that bad if the widgets were re-sizable.-Symbian^3 has inconsistencies-promised pr2.0/ Anna update still hasn't materialized-Ovi store doesnt have as many apps as android market or App Store. All the essentials are there though.-Portrait has no qwerty.Anna update will fix this. Non issue for me as the screen is so narrow that even if it had one, it would probably be very cramped.The following are the other unlocked phones I had taken into consideration when making my choicepalm pre2: Exactly the opposite of Nokia. Software is the only thing going for it.Main reasons for not buying it:-poor battery life-doesn't work so great outside the statesdell Venue : Great Phone, but expensive.Main Reasons for not buying it:-$130 more expensive than the nokia-Dell's reliability with the streak is iffy-battery life isn't that greatHtc Desire S: Awesome Awesome phone.Main Reasons for not buying it:-$130 more than the nokia n8 (in INDIA)-wifi reception issues with some phones( check techRadar's review, though engadget don't report of such a problem)Nokia E7: Great PhoneMain reasons for not buying it:-Expensive,$679, at the time.-same internals as the n8, but with a worse camera module-the E7 currently though is a fantastic buy at around $500 on amazon.The n8 is a very good phone and one of the best symbian phones out there(at par with the e7 & e71/72 in my opinion). It won't convert people from their iOS, Android and WP7 devices to nokia, but it serves as a great upgrade for those familiar with symbian.Update : a couple of weeks later: One thing that i have noticed, and which has really impressed me ,is the GPS receiver. The phone locks on pretty quickly.The n8 still lasts a day and a half on normal usage(1-2hrs of talktime and round the clock wifi reception). The battery life reduces to a day on moderate usage.Quirks: Symbian Anna update still hasn't materialized. Phone becomes "laggy" if left switched on for a continuous period of 3 or more days. A restart fixes the issue though.Overall, still very happy with the phone.Update (8 months later) : The symbian anna update has made it much much more usable. Homescreen transitions are smoother and apps load quicker. The phone still feels as robust as it did when it was. On the flip side, the phone's lack of memory is a big problem. I tried opening the full version of theverge.com on opera, which was the only app running, with only one active window and it still contrived to run out of memory. Overall, very satisfied with the purchase and can't wait for symbian belle.

The rating is based on the phone sold by 11th Street Wireless Inc. on Amazon.First off, in trying to insert the SIM card into the phone, I realized that following the manual is NOT a good idea (not everyone follows the manual anyway, but I decided to because the phone is pretty much $300 and I didn't want to take any chances). The manual will tell you to turn a screw to take off the back cover so that you could slide a SIM sleeve in an opening direction to insert the card. This is not the actual case. The instructions on the manual appear to be related to something entirely different. Good thing there's YouTube. Nothing to do with screws.Secondly, after I inserted the SIM card, charged the phone, and turned it on--after it loaded, it buzzed and turned off again. But when I removed the SIM card and turned the phone on--it worked. And it was wonderful.Until my third issue came up.The following link will take you to a photobucket album containing two pictures of a page. Both pictures are not all that great, but one is better than the other. The incredibly blurry one was taken by the NOKIA N8 phone that is supposedly 12 megapixels. The somewhat better picture was taken by a Samsung Sunburst with a 2 megapixel camera.[...]I was so excited for the phone, but after this mishap... I'm just going to return it and wait until the 808 Pureview comes out in the US.

This is an amazing phone!!! I upgraded from Sony Ericsson Satio to this Nokia N8, and it has been a truly remarkable experience for me. The Symbian^3 operating system is amazing; much simpler to use and more intuitive than Android or iPhone OS; you don't have to be a computer scientist or scroll through oceans of icons to get what you want!! I love the numerous homescreen widgets and the ability to customize the homescreens in any way you like! There are three homescreens by default, but they can be raised to six through a very simple process. Email setup is remarkably easy and straight-forward. The camera is so powerful and high quality; it's even better than Satio!! 12MP/300dpi is only possible on this phone!! You will never need a digital camera anymore!! The original resolution level of the phone can be further increased through a very simple process enabling it to take even better pictures. The multimedia power is amazing. Very nice audio and video quality. The battery life is remarkably long. I have four push emails all the time and I use the phone a lot, and the battery charge lasts for at least two full days, and often even longer. Also this phone gets updates almost every week, which is a great plus!! You get more and more apps and widgets all the time. The Symbian Belle (Symbian^4) update is just around the corner, and that will make this phone even more amazing; I can't wait for this update. I truely recommend this phone to everybody!! You won't need any other gadget if you have this phone. It's the only true all-in-one gadget that you can find!!! Great job Nokia!!!The GPS navigation software on this phone helped me achieve one of the most challenging experiences in my life! I drove down the mountain from Lake Arrowhead in extremely heavy fog and rainstorm!!! I could barely see anything in front of me!! I only relied on the Nokia Ovi Maps Drive Navigation on my N8!! I drove almost blindly just by relying on the commands from my N8, which guided me through the labyrinth of Lake Arrowhead streets and down the highway with extraordinary accuracy!! I am so proud of my Nokia N8!! Thank you Nokia for the N8 and for the maps/navigation software!!!The built-in FM transmitter in N8 is phenomenal!! I no longer have to carry a connector with me to listen to my music in the car.Just take a look at the full specs of the phone on Wikipedia, and you will be amazed of its capabilities. It's really got the whole package. I can't think of any other phone with better overall specs and features.

I have owned this phone for one year and it is AWESOME. The 12M pixels camera is great. My favorite app is the GPS guided negation any where in the world. Will highly recommend this phone. I am thinking in buying the Nokia 808.

I tryied voice command mode  and is  very useful.  Very nice to hear who is calling when the caller ID  in the phone reads loud the name you put in your contact list.  I love to connect the Bluetooth mode just saying  "bluetooth"  and my phone open that mode for easy connect my handsfree, and then just disconnect saying again the command.To access the voice command, just keep press for 5 seconds the option in the homescreen that is for opening the phone keyboard for making a call. To use more options check later all the different options in voice  commands available in the phone configuration.The only thing is be carefull when you hard reset the phone (got to do that because had problems with Ovi Store), because you can loose all the pics, videos that came preinstalled (Tron, etc).....!

i bought this like 2 years ago and still working good. I had to return it twice for repair but it's a good product and the warranty was valid back then.

Well, I have to mention the good and bad things about this cell phone:GOOD THINGS:1- It has USB port (read flash-drive,..etc)2- HDMI (connect w/ TV)3- High quality (pictures and videos)4- GPS Maps(search, walk, drive)BAD THINGS:1- It consumes a lot of battery (I charge it twice a day!)2- Sometimes freezes (u have to restart the phone)3- Camera is terrible (I know its 12MP, but for some reasons the quality still very BAD)4- Radio (U need to connect headset). I'm surprised thet NOKIA still didn't improve this techniqe to listen to the radio throw speakers.5- touch screen (through youtube video length, sometimes u touch the screen many times just forward or replay the video).That's all what I know from now!

I bought this phone before the November "Black Friday" period since my 'ol faithful Palm Treo 680 was slowly failing me. As usual Amazon speedily ships my stuff in what is described as kinda simple basic packaging.This phone is what some consider a camera with a phone and it shows, fast AF, Xenon flash, 12 MP, 720p video- it's a pretty good/great phone-camera. The phone build is excellent, a 3 piece aluminum case with Gorilla Glass it feels heavy and solid. The specs isn't so much spectacular though in a market with 1Ghz 512MB models this is a bit sub spec or should I say mid spec but the Symbian^3 OS handles much with less CPU cycles and it's up to the task.The phone does lag in between but it's not frustrating, though one morning it completely froze on me and I had to restore it to factory defaults. Also had a phone call issue with it, callers would say that they hear a reverb on their end even when I have full bar signal strength and I was hearing them clearly. Amazon took care of that and re-issued me a replacement phone in one day flat!!! I still experience some call failures, but I decided to keep it I still have a full one year Nokia warranty so they can take care of it if needed. There are a lot of apps at the Ovi Store, enough to keep a guy happy since there is a lot of stuff pre installed on the phone when shipped. The built in maps are decent, you an also install maps from other countries if you decide to make a visit it's already there on your phone, spoken directions is nice and all free.HDMI out, USB on the go are some of the features that make this kick ass and it has built in FM receiver and FM transceiver, a lot of stuff under the hood. Geo tagging as well for taking a snapshot via camera and tagging it onto your maps is handy.The battery is excellent, since Symbian^3 is designed for lower CPUs it has great battery life compared to the Androids and iPhones. I work at a hospital and all my co-workers have Androids every single one and by half day they have to recharge the battery, not I. I don't have issues with my WIFI nor with my online widgets, they all work well RSS feeds, email no issues. Productivity is decent everything you need is pre installed on the phone- Quick Office, Adobe reader a highly customizable calendar.Closing off this review I would say that this phone is an excellent phone, I wished though that they would continue to support Symbian or at least release some polished updates as we now know that they are slowly closing the door on it. It has some quirks that I don't like in the UI too many steps to enter passwords while browsing the web etc.An update: I connected the phone to the Nokia PC Suite (2-13-2012)software to sync contacts etc, and got a recommendation from Nokia to update the phone's software to Symbian Belle. I went through the procedures, back up my phone etc and it began to install the Belle and then the PC Suite reported that it lost connection to the phone!!! The screen was completely blank and would not respond, holding down the power button did vibe the phone but it would not turn on.I really really wanted to use this phone but after all this I just lost confidence in buying/replacing it with another N8

I text, make calls, pictures, use GPS and maps, occasionally read emails or use skype. All works but not always as easily as one would want.

I broght this phone at amazon a mouth ago,It is wonderful,the gps and the camera are great.I'am so happy broght it!

This phone is excellent. I recommend it to anyone. It is easy to use and easy to connect to WiFi network.

Im very disappointed not with the phone...beside its clumpsy interphase making calls, sending sms, whatsapp, facebook, and PHOTOS and VIDEO are incredible... the problem is the internal battery, I got mine fullfilled by Amazon, with a dead battery find the replacement 24hrs on my front door. AWESOME Right? The problem is that now that I need to replace the battery the people from Nokia Center are telling my phone didnt have the genuine battery (no hologram) and guess what? I CANT REPLACE IT!!! Because the tape came on itself and no battery out. Except for opening it all...which of course is going to be more expensive and maybe impossible because it just wont come apart...I paid full price almost or more than 600USD , I just don't understand why didn't they provide me with a genuine N8 battery... cheap decisions....bad review on fullfillers. So be careful Afterawhile those cheap batteries become really expensive... I may even have to consider getting a new phone after 3 years because of the battery even I dont want to, I normally use my cellphones for 5 years or more, since the most I need them for if calling and texting.Im really upset. Not the same to but a battery than a complete cellphone. And something similar and reliable its another 600USD which I cant afford at the moment so Im using my plan without any calls.... :(

The Nokia N8 is an excellent phone.It will take a couple of hours to figure out everything about how the phone works but once it's set up the phone offers the following features:- Multitasking: Once you set up all the icons, shortcuts and menus in the different customizable screens in the phone, you actually see how each application is working without affecting the phone performance. For example, you may be playing a song (and its application window shows song, controls, etc), then below that window you can have you email that updates as new email comes, in another window you can see your social media updates and activity on real time, etc. and the phone works like that in all applications.- Camera: Excellent picture quality in photos and video (12 M / 720 p)- Full customizable screens, icons, short cuts, menus, etc. No limits!- All 3G and GSM Bands possible- SIM LOCK FREE! This means, that when you travel internationally, you can buy a "Pay as you go" SIM Card and use the mobile phone locally (also to use wireless data and use Skype or any other application)- Many applications (productivity tools) that Apple and Android would sell you, are free in Nokia OVI- Great battery duration, excellent voice quality and very, very stable- Very productive phone: It gives you many options for any application, for example, it lets you choose what to do and how, for example, if you are going to play your music files, you can choose to transmit that music in FM to your car stereo, etc- HDMI output, so if you load a movie, video, etc. or simply watching videos from the phone, you can connect a HDTV monitor or TV straight from the phone!The only feed back that I have for Nokia is they need to update the Youtube application, of course, Nokia didn't developed it since Symbian is too open and independent developers can upload those applications, but besides that, it is in general terms....BETTER THAN iPhone 4: I have BOTH phones> iPhone 4 with AT&T; and Nokia N8 with T-Mobile....and guess which is more productive? Nokia!BTW: You know who uses my iPhone 4 instead? My kids just to play games...and I don't let them touch my Nokia :)I just hope Nokia won't destroy this freedom on their phone after Windows software comes. If I could get the Nokia N9 instead, it will be much better but I think I will try to but it in Australia in October 2011.

the charger is not good quality how can i use this with out charger i pay good but you dont give a good quality of product..

About delivery: excellent, received on time amd in good conditions, I would suggest Nokia to include a case with the phone as with other models that I have purchased before. About the phone, it's the best, size, functions, performance, etc..I'm very satisfied with it.

This trashes pretty much iPone and Android on core calling functions. No disconnect issues like on iPhone 3/4 and a battery life that is also best in class. Compared to the Samnsumg Galaxy S it is dead-serious even double even when I use if with WiFi, data, etc!Also this device has 3.5G (called 4G by TMo and ATT in the states) on both TMobile and ATT, but here it comes: also calling and data including 3.5G in Europe and various Asian countries (tried myself e.g. in North-west Europe and South-Korea). This is a true world-phone.In terms of features, it has a 12MP camera, HD recording, HD output and prety much anything you can think of. SMS client is easily the best available from all platforms in terms of features and friendlyness of use. Email needs some extra features for exchange servers (available soon through an update I understood) but core-functions works well with various types of clients. And the device has a great aluminium finish. Touch is also great and has T9 in addition to qwerty so you can text with one hand.Perhaps the multimedia is not as great as in iPhone, but on par with Android. OK, the Ovi stores is a lot smaller than Android and iPhone. But do we really care whether we have 200.000 or 'only' 25.000 apps available. Let's be honest, nobody ever has and ever will look al all those apps.Also nice is that Skype is available and unlike on Android actually works: also SMS and no crap like only on WiFi (TMo, ATT) or only 3G (Verizon).Internet browser is slighty less than iPhone but slight better as Android (technically is same as on Android, but somehow it responds better in selecting the exact links than on my Samsung Galaxy S even when opening the same page side-by-side).All in all, I seriously consider this device next to iPhone, Windows Phone or Android if you are looking for a new device. For me, this has become my daily usage phone and I'm getting a second one for my wife.

I have owned this phone for 1 years now, and I also have a HTC Desire HD and a Galaxy Note. As for apps and internet experience the Nokia is clearly behind the Galaxy Note (and DHD) but as an allround phone the Nokia N8 is the best.It is small, has good phone abilities (the HTC and Galaxy Note really is not very good phones), reasonable internet experience, good sound, great camera, very solid, great basic functions (standby clock, alarm, shutting down when battery is low so alarm will still work) and the offline nokia maps (which is not as nice as google maps but have more functionalities and works without downloading data). If the airport one day restricted me to only bring one phone, my Nokia N8 would be my main choice (however, if money was not an issue, I would consider replacing it with the 808 pureview).Greatest disadvantages are: new apps are often not made for symbian (and old apps are often not updated for symbian), sometimes the phone is a bit sluggish (especially when I need a quick photo), screen not as responsive as my android devices, keyboard far behind the extremely quick Samsung Note slideit keyboard (but then again, so is all other small keyboards)

It's the niecer phone and the capacibilities doesn't look to have limit i recomend this phone for every kind of person!!

Cons&Bugs; with N8&Symbian; ^3PLEASE DO NOT VOTE WITHOUT READING ALL AND WATCHING VIDEO FOR PROOFS!If a technology lover guy looks just its specifications before getting the phone, he can put N8 to the first place among the all available phones in the market. Yes except its very poor screen resolution, everything seems greatest! However if he gets it and then use it just a couple hours; he will be so disappointed with its lots of bugs and very miserable performance, like me!1. Restarting: The phone is restarting itself, suddenly you do not understand why... Even if you do not do anything that bug occurs so often. It is killing battery of phone, making annoying.2. Ovi Store: It is saying unable to connect to Ovi Store(or service). I do not understand how such a bug occurs! It is your official application store!!!Even if it connects, sometimes disconnecting suddenly!3. Internet Connection: There are always internet connection problems. It says unable to connect to service! Or unable to perform operation!4. Ovi maps: The Ovi maps do not work properly! Generally it is so slow!  Ovi maps has a lot of ways to go! Ovi maps is 1000 times worse than Google Maps.Its search engine is not working properly, either.5. Gps: It gives wrong results. Whenever I write a store name, farther ones come first! Look where is the other Walmart, which is just half distance from other the nearest one!Where is the first one on Steelyard? Walmart is the number one in the world, if gps can not find it properly, I can not imagine JcPenney, Macy`s, Target or Petco Stores...The gps of the phone found second one as the nearest one and furthermore after clicking that one and then choosing details I shocked one more time: it was showing third one`s address. I mean gps could not find Steelyard Walmart but it found Mayfield Walmart. However I chose Mayfield one and then I checked its address it was showing Brookpark Walmart. What an idiot device! How can we trust it?It is one of the biggest disappointing for me. It found the nearest Bestbuy Store 318miles from my home. What a stupid gps!6. Light sensor: Sensor does not work properly. At night screen resolution/brightness drops! If I use the phone in daytime or in place with plenty of light, it increases! Stupid sensor it should be reverse!!!!!!!!!7. Proximity sensor for auto turn-off:  It works improperly while talking. While talking the screen light always becomes off and on. It is killing battery; it should always be off! Look the picture it is on while I am talking.8. Camera: It seems the best camera but it has the worst properties! If you change its settings for your personal preferences and then if you go to menu, and then if you return to the camera, you see old factory settings! Such a stupid problem only can be done by stupid Symbian!9. Voice of camera: It is impossible to shut down its voice. Why? I do not want to hear any voice while taking pictures. However you do not permit my wishes!10. Flash: While taking pictures I am turn offing it, after turning to menu and then back to flash it is turning to the factory setting; it is on again. However I closed it earlier. Who changed my preference?11. Red light of flash: It is impossible to turn off its red light even in the daytime. Why? I generally do not want to use either flash or its red light. Why do not you consider the customers like me?12. Games: While playing games, it frozen a lot of times! Sometimes its sensitiveness for touches died, too.13. Internet preferences: I have data plan and home internet. I generally prefer home but the device wants to connect AT&T.; (I change settings, too) Why? Furthermore the software does not permit me do those: I want to use home internet but if it dies suddenly, it should connect to AT&T; internet without doing anything. Whenever it comes back, it should reconnect to home internet without doing anything. By that way, it prevents disconnection.14. Battery: In old Nokia phones, battery was warning us earlier. I mean if the battery reaches to die it was warning us. However n8 battery is warning me so late. It is so so late that after its warning a couple minutes later it is dying suddenly. I mean its warning means it is so late, even I am running for charger but it is turning off itself before reaching the charger!15. Accelerometer sensor for UI auto-rotate: Accelerometer sensor does not work properly; especially while typing messages. Even if you keep half an hour horizon its screen keyboard insists on vertical stand. Actually none of the sensors working properly in this phone!16. Factory Settings: After having a lot of problems, I searched and I saw that a lot of people having similar problems. And then I reset my phone with someone`s suggestions. Actually an employee, Mr. Jay, from Nokia customer care suggested the same thing. Unfortunately it did not work. However I noticed that I lost all information which came originally with the phone. Some photos, apps, videos... What happened? I was thinking, I would get the original settings by resetting.17. Mail: It is good to connect all mails to one place. However you have another problem. Whenever I get new mails generally I cannot see those mails on my screen but I can see on my PC. I mean it does not refresh&update; itself on time!18. Clock:  If you put so many apps; sometimes clock does not work it stops a moment. Just a moment later it works properly. However that bugs only occurs whenever I put a lot of apps.19. Surfing on the internet: While surfing on the internet it frozen a lot of times!20. Hdmi: While playing game on the TV with hdmi, it is not good for my eyes. I am having pain. I mean our eyes are being dazzled! My phone settings are ok and my hdmi cable is the best!21. Disconnection while talking: While speaking on the phone; everything seems ok but you can not hear other party`s voice! That bug occurred when your employee Julian called me, too. It is happening so often recently! The first weeks I did not have this problem.22. Message strips: They are getting lost. It occurs very rarely!23. Touchscreen: It is not good enough; it could be better like HTC phones or iphone 4.24. Screen: Material for touchscreen is bad, keeping my fingerprints! It seems dirty after a couple touches. Furthermore that 3.5 inch screen of  N8  ACTUALLY MUCH SMALLER THAN OTHER PHONES WITH 3.5 SCREEN.e.gN8 with 16/9 ratio:  77.5 mm x 43.6 mm  =  3377 mm2iPhone 4 with 4/3 ratio: 71.1 mm x 53.3 mm  =  3792 mm2the iPhone's display is 12.3 % larger than the N8's.25. Screen resolution: Screen resolution is horrible. It is 3 times less than iphone 4; %50 less than galaxy s series, or HTC desire evo 4g, or Sony xperia x10!26. Place of speaker: It has the best speaker among all new ones but it is in the back and on the higher part. It is in such a horrible place that when you put the phone on paper or on clothes, it prevents the voice of ringtones to come through. Even if I put highest volume sometimes I can not here its voice. Since that designing bug, my friends blame me why do not you respond our calls on time!!!27. Invalid server name: It does not connect to internet and gives that bug very often. However I noticed that it was very common bug with old symbian models, too. On the other hand it generally occurs if I try to connect a router without a password. It less occurs with secured routers.28. Router passwords: The phone is not keeping old router passwords. Why?29. HD video: you say live in HD but your HD video is not good like iphone 4. Colors seem artificial!30. Very poor application store. It is 100 times less than Apple, 35 times less than Google. I downloaded  more than 80% of all free ones. Just there are a couple nice applications and games. They are swype, skype, google maps, fring, agry birds, whatisapp messenger, converter, forecaweather, road to hell 3d, opera mobile, led-it, Qtorch, fingerprint, brainvita, candle, gomoku, mobile geek. Those are all!youtube app is horrible!!!31. Unknown bugs: The phone sometimes temporarily dies. It shows some very different, unfamiliar bugs, too.32. A couple times I lost my contact list. However it was temporarily; a couple hours later it returned back.33. Gadgets: They do not work thoroughly. They always say unable to get content or loading(but never loads'))); even if wireless wizard says connected to internet.34. Managing files: On the menu part there are games or applications files. If I download some apps or games from ovi store, they are going to the files randomly.  I mean I downloading a game from ovi`s game part but the phone putting it to apps file. And if I download an application from ovi`s apps part, the phone putting it to games file. What a stupid thing! Furthermore the software does not permit me put some of games to the first 3 steps.35. Managing home screen: The phone does not permit managing home screen; it has 3 steps but I want to put 3 more steps. I could not do that.36. Tethering: It is good to use the phone as modem. However I could not use the phone`s data plan with its bluetooth. I mean I connected to internet on my laptop using usb cable and phone`s data plan. However I wanted to connect to the phone with bluetooth and then I wanted to put the device to the corner of window. Nevertheless I can not blame N8 directly, because the bluetooth of my laptop has problems, either. Nonetheless it is good if you have unlimited data. The internet connection is not either slow or fast but ok.37. Icons: They seem very poorly designed. Actually just the icons are enough to show how Nokia so behind the innovations or other OS platforms. They seem like windows 98 or earlier versions of Microsoft. No creativity. They are not cool or attractive.38. Delivery reports: I could not get any delivery reports with AT&T.; It always says pending!39. Power problems: If you put the phone to the charger with zero battery, it never shows it is full. I mean if the device was shut down with depleted battery, phone screen always shows as charging.40. Voip. With other smartphones I connect to internet on the phone and then I sign in to my voip provider to make international calls. And then I chose phone-to-phone option. I put my number to there and then I put my destination number. However I could not get incoming call with that phone! I always got an unknown message and then a new voice message from my destination party. S/he was saying hello hello etc.I mean if you connect the internet on the phone, the phone can not get incoming voip call!41. Browser: Absolutely it has the ugliest and the most problematic one ever.42. Social integrations: Facebook, Twitter and Youtube are can not be worse!43. The phone is so slower than recent smartphones.44. Finally in my opinion the most important thing the phone or symbian OS can not make us addictive to it. I mean if I do not have the phone on my pocket, I do not feel its necessity or scarcity.I can write maybe 30 more! That is absolutely crap phone actually crap designed with horrible OS. I was an old Nokia user and loyal customer but not anymore. Some people compare symbian vs IOS, Android or Blackberry OS... What a big shame for those companies being compared with crap software! Nokia, your software is absolutely the worst! Maybe it can be compared with Palm OS. However it can not be compared even one year old Bada OS.Please designer guys look HTC phones like desire hd, evo 4g, mozart 7 or look Apple iphone 4 or Blackberry Torch, or Sony Erc. Xperia Arc  and then look your design. You can understand there are very long way to reach them! Recently there is only one good designed Nokia phone. It is e7. Nevertheless it can not get success for you! Because it has Symbian OS again. Most of the Nokia  phones are horribly designed!As I said I was an old customer and I am very familiar with Nokia and its apps. But every year you are going back more! Future will not be brighter!When I purchased 3-4 hours later I thought that is not a good phone and can not get the success for the company. Even if you did great advertising and with the cheapest pricing, I was sure it would not be successful. Recently I saw n8 with about 380$ price on newegg.com! What a big shame for Nokia! Your phones were the most expensive ones 4-5 years ago! 380 $ is a gps or 12 mp camera price! What a big shame for Nokia being not preferred even if with half price! 4 years ago your market share was about 60% right now it is about 28%. And your price are much cheaper than the past.I do not want to see Symbian anymore! It is certain that is my last Symbian until die and I am sure that phone will be 99.99% my last Nokia, too.Nevertheless there are some positive sides of the phone. Those should be mentioned, too: build and material quality for drops, hits. Longer battery than other similar ones. (The reason of longer battery is very poor screen resolution and actually smaller size of other 3.5 inch phones.)That is all.IF YOU WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT BUGS JUST WRITE THOSE TO GOOGLE:invalid server name with n8unable to connect to service with n8restarting problem with n8unable to connect to ovi store with n8power problem with n8battery problem with n8camera settings problem with n8UI auto-rotate with n8sensor problem/bugs with n8One more thing they think themselves so intelligent. IF YOU WRITE A BAD REVIEW TO NOKIAUSA.COM THEY DO NOT PUBLISH.Please watch the video for some of bugs proof.thanks for reading

I have an ipod touch, I have an ipad, wife has iphone, all my friends have iphones of all flavors, but what i wanted was a device that i could make calls on - works great for that, check messages, emails, go on web etc. etc. very good, and take GREAT pictures. THIS KICKS IT! The camera is what sets this phone apart. night time, indoor low light, there is no way to beat a real flash, the led's just can not kick out enough light. the photos i get with this bad boy are fantastic. I ride a motorcycle, go on long trips and i need an all in one device so dont wanna pack several electronic items -  this delivers on all counts. I added the Jabra STREET2 Bluetooth Stereo Headset and the OtterBox Commuter  Case and done deal, I am good to go, can stay in touch, and get the important shots along the way! If a camera is an important part of what you need your phone to do, this is the one to get, plus the price is great!!!

The features on this phone is fantastic. It has really met my expectation. I have just installed the external card of 32GB and it is working well. I have also downloaded some more applications from ovi store free of charge.I am yet to get offline voice guidance system to work. I believe it is only a matter of time.

I bought my Nokia N8 three weeks ago here in Chiang Mai, Thailand and I liked it a lot. However, 4 days ago it hang/froze. After recharging the battery, it started up again. The following day it hang/froze again and then died for real. I had to take it to the Nokia Care: after some assessment, they sent it to Bangkok and told me that I will get in back "in 2 - 3 weeks".  So while the phone is great, the quality is poor and the service response dysfunctional.

I love this phone.  It was great for me.  Would HIGHLY recommend this phone.CONS:Speed:A little slow surfing the internet.Screen Quality/Pixels:Okay quality, but the screen is a little too small, especially with the current smartphone trend.Charging:Annoying to charge through the bottom, does not charge well through the side.Apps:Pretty horrible compared to the androids and iphone.PROS:Camera:Unparalleled camera quality. My friends asked what kind of camera I had to take all my great scenic pictures -- thought I was using a Cannon DSLR.  Nope!  Just this little guy.  Fantastic pictures.  Camera glitched out a few months ago and stopped focusing.  But I randomly took a few pictures of a moving fan and it started to work again and worked fine for months.  Don't know how or why, but its fine.Lifespan:Lasted 3 plus years and I was VERY hard on this phone.  Regularly used it in very rough conditions.  Used it in Alaska Snowboarding for music while I lived there, used it back-country fishing/camping, used it doing construction projects were sawdust would go everywhere, etc.  Literally dropped this phone at least 500 times with the otterbox case in it.  Most durable phone Ive ever owned.Battery:  Had phone 3+ years with the SAME battery.  Finally got a new phone today to replace it. Battery life is amazing. Took the N8 out camping from Friday Night through Monday afternoon (on airplane mode the whole time)and took about 100 pics and my phone is still running without having charged it.  Actually, it has not been charged still and its Tuesday night. Amazing.GPS:Typical, but I like that the map works offline.HDMI:Check, what other smartphones have HDMI??!?!Data Use: Some carriers don't consider this phone a smartphone and you can get unlimited internet for a VERY low price -- say $5-6 a month if you catch my drift.

1. I choosed this rating, because it always hang up . Touch screen is not working properly.2. I like it's shape, but i don't like the cover of sim and memory slot. having 12mp camera snap poor quality of photos.3. it need to impove touch screen and make faster to run.

brought a new unlocked nokia n8first it restarts automatically so i sent it back to nokia for repair.when i got the repaired phone, the same probles.and then dead, con't even turn it on.

Well, I replaced my trusty old N95, because it was finally breaking down, and just out of curiosity decided to see what Nokia is up to since then (having skipped the N97), and it's an unfortunate story of could have been.This is a great phone in the making, which would be OK if this came from a start-up, the kind of thing that might make you decide to buy their next phone, but it's not good enough from Nokia. Several firmware updates later (by 6/18/2011), I guess there's no hope that this phone will ever really work, and I'm giving up.The features in general are great, the design oozes quality, but overall the phone is way too buggy. It spontaneously reboots when I delete five contacts, when I page through my pictures for too long, when I try to navigate by the GPS, and it reboots unpredictably in all kinds of other odd conditions. All in all, it freezes up about 5-10 times a day and goes into a reboot. So this is not even Nokia's Windows Vista, this is all the way back to Windows 95, which was buggy as hell, so I can't wait for the next service update of Symbian^3. After 6 months of use I rate it a 2 on a scale from 1-5 and I've switched to a Motorola Atrix - and I've accomplished more convenience in 2-3 hours of setup time, than in six months of wrestling with the N8. This is the ignominious end of a wonderful company, and I cannot imagine how you could turn this mess around.

Let me start by saying that I am and will alwways be a fan of Nokia and its symbian operating system.  I have watched the OS evolve for touchscreens with the original 5800, then the x6, and now the n8.  This version is very good and optimized for touchscreens.  The screen is responsive and smooth, the colors are bright and vibrant, and if you get to know symbian you will see that what it lacks for in "flashiness" it makes up for in power and true multi-tasking.  The new homescreens are great with the widgets, and the screen size is perfect, not too small and not too big either.  The phone is very slim and great to hold, the aluminum unibody is one of durability and style.  the only thing is that I bought a "used in new condition" phone from amazon, and when i got it, my SIM card would not be registered.  It stayed in offline mode and wouldnt acknowledge that a sim card was inserted, I tried my wifes sim and same problem.  Hopefully this is a one in a million problem.  I bought another one and am returning this faulty one.  I will updat the review when the new one gets here.

Simply the best phone camera at best, very strong, in a couple of times I dropped from 2 meters high and nothing happened (I recommend not trying), best gps phone browser!

I ordered the blue N8 from Amazon and after one week I received it in excellent condition. I heard some of the N8 phones have been made in China but my phone was made in Finland, if this is something matter. As soon as I turned on it asked me for the software and firmware updates and I updated by just pressing "yes."  I have been using it about a month now and it works like a charm. The photos and HD videos I took with it are amazing! The phone conversation quality is excellent. It is made of a sturdy light aluminum material and feels very well made. All the buttons are placed well and very accessible. When you take photos or videos you either use the hard button to activate or deactivate it or you can just tap on the screen. It has a real flash (not with video though) and picture quality is stunning! N8 comes with built in 16 GB and expandable to 48 GB memory with micro SDHC card. I tried the GPS function and it worked without any problem. I also use it to go to the web sites like gmail, yahoo, facebook etc., and it works flawlessly. The first time when I visited the facebook it asked me for a facebook Nokia app. After that you just tap to FB app in applications menu and it immediately connects. Same thing with gmail. I am a long time Symbian OS user and found Symbian^3 OS to be very powerful and advanced. Yes, it needs a little bit polishing here and there but in no sense lesser than rivals IOS, Android or Microsoft Mobile 7. I was aware the fact that Nokia was in negotiations with Microsoft to use their OS on the next generations of cell phones before I ordered the N8 but it did not affect my decision. I think Nokia's decision is a big mistake but it is a subject of a totally different discussion. In any case, Nokia N8 is a superb phone and a gadget. I am a Mac user and it perfectly communicates and synchronizes through bluetooth connection. I have read some other users complaints here, such as "phone is not turning on," "freezes," "shuts off," or problems with interaction with software etc. May be I'm fortunate but none of those happened to me and Symbian^3  is a superior and very fast OS. It is a true multi-tasking device. You can leave one application open to go to another and than return. I use the N8 with my T-mobile connection and did not experience any problems either. I just took out the T-mobile sim card from my old phone and slide it into the N8. That is it! I have a very reasonably priced old t-zone data connection account with T-mobile and all web connections go through it without any problem. I also tried the wi-fi and it also works perfect. N8 has a decent built in FM radio transmitter and works very good. I covered the phone with OtterBox Impact Case for Nokia N8 . It gives it a negligible bulk but it also provides a good protection. Unfortunately it also covers my phones blue beauty:)Over all I am very happy with my Nokia N8 so far.

Solid device overall, fantastic build quality, camera is a winner - kills all competition hands down, nice responsive screen. Call sound quality is superb. Have high hopes for battery life - played all day over wifi, browsing, youtube, app installs, etc., still more than 50% left (according to the battery indicator anyways), Symbian is usually strong in that department. 3G on all GSM US providers. Nokia-provided VoIP call support is available. Apps are there, marginally lagging behind Android/Iphone. True multitasking. I'm not a big fan of the Symbian menu system but still this phone is a big improvement over S60. I also own a N900 and my only hope that Nokia will combine the best features out of these 2 devices and produces a MeeGo phone in the future, if this ever happens it will be a killer phone.Some complaints:-Limited picture sharing capabilities, but looks like Pixelpipe should fill that gap.-Social networking widget seem to ignore the offline settings for the home screen.-No tightly-integrated Skype as on N900, the Skype-provided app works but no video.-Browser is OK really but not great, websites insist on using their mobile versions w/o option to use the full mode-Screen resolution is lower than that of the competitors-On-screen keyboard is always full-screen, this blocks chat contents-No portrait QWERTY keyboard-Search by voice is broken in Google Maps-Lack of fart apps-More to be discoveredUpdate:Alert! Alert! Alert! If you need to be able to read/write messages in non-latin based languages think twice bebore buying this Phone, at least the US version sold by Amazon as there is no official support for that. It is such a shame that a great device such as n8 has this limitation. No hope to get this working with the upcoming or future s/w update according to Nokia Care. There are limited workarouds such as using third party keyboard apps, using browser to read emails, or hacking the phone and installing customized fonts. Knocking down 1 star because of this (really should be -2 but I realize this may not be an issue for most ppl out there)Update #2:Installed Symbian Belle. Very nice. Brings significant visual and usability improvements, qwerty portrait and split-screen landscape keyboards, most importantly the UI is much smoother and more responsive now, very pleasant to use almost as good as the i-device and newer androids. Apps are still lagging and it won't get any better. Out of the box input language support is still an issue, you're limited to what Nokia thinks you should be using in your region, so if you buy an official US phone but need to write in Cyrillic good luck with that, there are ways around it but in 2012 this should be built-in into the device.

This phone was sold advertised as &#34;new&#34;. I don't know how that s defined by #XIV Wireless, but when the phone turned out to be defective after 5 months, XIV can't help and Nokia tells me the warranty is expired. XIV wireless may have followed the letter of the advertising law since the warranty was not mentioned in the blurb, but it is not unreasonable for someone to buy something new and expect it to be covered by manufactuor warranty. Buyer beware!

&#1042;&#1099;&#1089;&#1083;&#1072;&#1083;&#1080; &#1090;&#1077;&#1083;&#1077;&#1092;&#1086;&#1085; &#1073;&#1099;&#1074;&#1096;&#1080;&#1081; &#1074; &#1091;&#1087;&#1086;&#1090;&#1088;&#1077;&#1073;&#1083;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1080;, &#1085;&#1077; &#1088;&#1072;&#1073;&#1086;&#1090;&#1072;&#1083;&#1072; &#1074;&#1085;&#1091;&#1090;&#1088;&#1077;&#1085;&#1085;&#1077;&#1103; &#1087;&#1072;&#1084;&#1103;&#1090;&#1100;. &#1055;&#1083;&#1086;&#1093;&#1086;&#1081; &#1087;&#1088;&#1086;&#1076;&#1072;&#1074;&#1077;&#1094;, &#1074;&#1099;&#1089;&#1083;&#1072;&#1083; &#1090;&#1086;&#1074;&#1072;&#1088; &#1087;&#1083;&#1086;&#1093;&#1086;&#1075;&#1086; &#1082;&#1072;&#1095;&#1077;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1072;, &#1076;&#1072;&#1078;&#1077; &#1082;&#1086;&#1084;&#1087;&#1083;&#1077;&#1082;&#1090;&#1072;&#1094;&#1080;&#1103; &#1086;&#1083;&#1080;&#1095;&#1072;&#1083;&#1072;&#1089;&#1100; &#1086;&#1090; &#1085;&#1072;&#1096;&#1077;&#1081;, &#1085;&#1077;&#1093;&#1074;&#1072;&#1090;&#1072;&#1083;&#1072; &#1089;&#1080;&#1083;&#1080;&#1082;&#1086;&#1085;&#1086;&#1074;&#1086;&#1075;&#1086; &#1095;&#1077;&#1093;&#1083;&#1072;.

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono todas sus caracter&iacute;sticas son espectaculares tiene mucho espacio y le he descargado muchas aplicaciones, buen tama&ntilde;o y excelente c&aacute;mara de 12 MP que sirve muy bien en las fotos de noche... Me encanto mi compra...

I am forced to write this here. I purchased theNokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)from Amazon site and I got it on time and I was very pleased with my choice until suddenly I saw the charging issue with my phone.After using almost 10 months, suddenly the charger pin was not entering inside the hole which is at the bottom of the phone. When I sent the phone for repairing Nokia refused to repair it and sent it back to me with a note saying that warranty doesn't cover the electrical components issues of the phone and the phone is un-repairable. The phone was never physically damaged and never came in contact of any liquid substance. I always remain very careful for all my electrical/electronic devices and take extra precaution that they shouldn't fall from my hands or ever came in contact with any kind of liquid items.If a electrical component suddenly stops working it should be taken care by the Nokia and proper replacement should be provided. After seeing this issue I strongly advice you to ready to face service issues from Nokia. Anyone can face the similar issue with the Nokia phones and they should be ready to bear this in mind that they will not get proper after sales service from Nokia. That's the reason the Nokia is not that successful in US and being it a unlocked device you will not at all get any help from any other place, you have to be dependent on manufacturer warranty only.I don't have any complain with the Phone until I faced this charging issue. Still I think the phone is good from specification point of view.

Excellent smart phone with excellent stupendously excellent camera but Iam having a hard time finding how to re-enter the password when I change my home wifi as it doesnt prompt for it since network name remains the same.

Very nice phone and worth the price, got it really quick and very easy to get used to.If you are looking for a good camera, nice sound, and free navigation and GPS , you should definitely get this phone

I bought this phone,then i was in Afghanstan for the mission,so i did not use it,when i went home,i started using it,then it could hang several times,so i could wait then it becomes okay afyter some times.But Recently it went OFF complitely.Am trying to put it on but its not working....Am very dissapointed so much and the way it was nice and nice video and photos...I wish they can help me.

Although the phone worked well at first, after only 5 months the charging system stop working, I can't even charge the phone throw usb port, it's unbelievable that a "new" product fails in such a short term specially considering I follow all manufacturer recommendations.

is a good product in a fantastic price all right the product and very cheaper love amazon your products is a garanticed

Hello Everyone, I purchased Nokia N8 Symbian in the Mid of January 2011. I am really very much impressed and I LOVE this piece. I had other brand smartphone but I was not happy at all, something or the other use to happens, So my friend suggested me to go for new phone. I found Amazon.com and at once I placed my order for Nokia N8. I received brand new piece and I am very much happy, I GOT THE SYMBIAN which I was looking for. Let me tell you regarding the Sound, Camera, and Video Image its AWESOME. GPS I have not tried as I dont use it. I strongly recommend to go for Nokia N8 Which will keep you happy in any way. I also thank Amazon.com and her staff. Keep it up AMAZONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN.....................

This phone is very good and i still havit and work just fine no coment good picect its been like 3 yearsimilar i have a Iphon 4S but the camera is not like the Nokia

Was worried about the quality of the phone but was brand new and original. Is unlocked and used on both AT&T and T-Mobile. Good Battery life. Picture quality is better than that of iphone 4/4s. Not a bad deal for this price. Liked the phone

This phone is retard and so very not smart phone...How they hell Nokia could not figure out a way to support social networking features in just wifi mode. To update, to add facebook account, to sync contacts in your phonrbook, to upload picture for everything you need a freakin sim in the phone..... that is so retard. Android and windows7 can do that seamlessly without sim card.  You connect you phone to wifi only without sim card and your phone cannot do nothing y because it says your service has expired. They have same weird setup where they push stuff to your OVI account thru sim. Meaning the day they close OVI your phone will be useless POS.Yes I loved the 12megapixel camera and GPS but I was buying it for international travelling where half of the feature I had to use were in wifi only... what the point of good camera when you cannot upload the picture without sim..... not so smart phone and not so smart ppl.... look at your competition facebook and social sites work seemlessly. I have E71 and N8 well e71 there is no way to upload picture except third party and now n8 there is no way to upload in wifi only mode where all other phones do that right out of the box

I have the phone for 6 months and I like it in general. I am on T-Mobile unlimited talk, text, data (2GB at 4G speeds then throttled) plan. N8 is not 4G but it is fast enough for what I use it for.Camera takes very good pictures in well lit conditions, but quite poor in low light ones.The stand alone GPS is a great feature and works well. I tried it both in offline and in online mode and it was good for my needs, although in the online mode the GPS locks on your location faster thanks to A-GPS and is quite a bit better at finding businesses by name. However, occasionally GPS gives strange directions that take me off the freeway and re-route me on surface streets to another freeway rather than using the interchange. It is set on the fastest route, but I don't think sometimes it selects the one.The phone has a good range of customizations and settings. The interface is quite intuitive, but you need to take some time to familiarize yourself with the menus. I think that the recent update to Belle made the phone significantly better. I have an Android tablet, so, in comparison, I was not impressed with S^3 and Anna, but Belle finally seems to provide the user experience other Operating Systems have offered for a long time.I use Swype 2.0 from betalabs dot nokia dot com. It supports Russian and other languages that the current release available at the Nokia Store does not. I use Opera Mobile for the web browser and like it better than the Nokia's one. For the book reader I use ZX Reader 2.  Initially, I used Foliantas my ereader, I liked the interface, but then noticed that on some books it occasionally did not break pages correctly (pages would repeat) and also I had to specify encoding of the TXT file, ZX Reader handles pages right and the file encoding is determined automatically.I am disappointed with the selection of the free games on Nokia Store. With Android (particularly Amazon's free app a day promo) I have hundreds of games, but with Nokia most games are demo versions or add supported and won't run without an internet connection.Also with Nokia if you get a free app and need to re-download it later, it may not be available for free anymore (Nokia support confirmed that this was the case), while with Amazon's Android Store re-downloads of the apps you own are free.Coming from BlackBerry handsets I was surprised that "vibrate then ring" was not an option for Nokia.  In the office I do not want my phone to ring and I do not want to remember to change profiles, so BlackBerry's "vibrate then ring" worked swimmingly for me, but N8 rings immediately when a call, a message or a calendar notification come in.  The best way to mediate this was to select the ascending ring type, but this is still not what I wanted.  Nokia has an app called  Nokia Situations that is supposed to switch profiles automatically depending on the ambiant noise I guess.  I tried this app and I have never seen my profile change from Normal (I carry my phone in the front pocket of my pants).There is a bug with the battery status on the home screen.  It jumps from full to 35% when I set the power saver mode to kick in with no indication of charge levels in between.  I installed Nokia Battery monitor and it seems to track the charge level more accurately, but it is so weird when the battery icon on the home screen looks 100% full and the Nokia Battery Monitor show 70% charge.  I hoped Belle update would fix this, but it did not.  This is the first phone I have that cannot display the battery charge level that makes sense.With N8 I have a 'loss of communication' problem with bluetooth headsets.  I have necer had this problem with any other phone. I tried different headsets (Discovery 975, Jabra Extreme, Jabra EasyGo) and they all have the problem, so it must be the phone. Basically, the phone stops responding to button presses from the headset and the audio is not routed to headset if you answer from the phone. Once the phone is rebooted, the problem goes away. This is pretty annoying because sometimes I am unable to answer a call when I am driving.The most disappointing part of the experience is Nokia's customer support. I had to contact them a few times over the last year, and every time there were issues. The support is offshore, so there is a language barrier combined with the usual "reading of the support scripts without trying to understand the problem", constant apologizing and no resolution. The tech support was not knowledgeable, did not follow through with the resolution, I ended up solving the problem myself by reading many forums.Nokia's update to Belle went well for my N8 but caused a "security code" error for my wife's C6-01. Apparently, according to Nokia blogs, this was an issue for many people, including some with N8. I found only one reply from Nokia's moderator in one of the blogs suggesting to keep entering any code for an unknown number of times until the phone stops asking for it. I thought this was a very unprofessional reply because first, the error should have not happened during the update, second, the solution should have been more elegant than asking users to enter random numbers hoping that one of them will eventually work (some users reported 30+ tries with no resolution), and third, what is the purpose of the security code if it can be overridden by entering incorrect codes? The solution that finally worked for me was very "dumb". No offence to the person who came up with it, but there should be no logical reason why this solution should have worked at all.Anyway, I bought the phone for the camera, GPS, and because I did not want to extend the contract with T-Mobile.  My memories of Nokia handsets from the 90's made me believe that Nokia N8 would be a great choice.  Unfortunately, after experiencing the modern "Nokia" I doubt I will buy Nokia again, especially now when they switched to Windows.  With Nokia's last year's FlipSwap promos (terribly executed with rebate amounts for the same phone changing daily, and of course I jumped on the first lower rebate one) I got a good deal on my N8 ad my wife's C6-01.  Considering phones out there, I do not think N8 is worth anywhere near 400 bucks.  I believe, under $200 would be a good deal, but even then, I'd look at other options first.

THE PHONE IS NOT WORKING IN CALL NOT LISTEN TO THE OTHER PERSON AND HAVE TO REBOOT THE Sotware installed multiple times and not working. Else if NO CALLS BUT THAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT. ME I DO TO REFUND MY MONEY?

Este celular es TERRIBLEMENTE malo la C&aacute;mara no funciona la Se&ntilde;al no pasa de GSM Su &uacute;nico idioma es ingles y se bloquea injustificadamenteThis cell is TERRIBLY wrong with the camera does not work does not pass the signal of GSM His only language is English and crashes unreasonably

I purchased this phone having read so many reviews over the web few days back. I'm really delighted with the features packed in this phone. This is mix of many apps and tools and phone function is yet another feature hence can be called as a pocket gadget with daily essentials for all your mobility needs.Quality of voice, images and videos are top of the range. Medium weight and have high sensitivity of the touch screen where you really don't need to worry without a stylus which i think is good.Flawless features always amazed you and you find something new you could do with this gadget at hand which completely surprises you.Can recommend this for people who are looking for trendy gadgets...

This camera has terrific clarity on screen and takes magnificent photos.  Other than being a tad slow booting, it is outstanding in all respects.

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, VA MAS ALLA DE LAS ESPECTATIVAS. PARA MANEJARLO COMO UN EJECUTIVO SOFISTICADO Y CON LAS TIC'S ALL DIA.

es una de las mejores compras que he realizado!! el telefono vino en perfectas condiciones esta como nuevo!!! vendedor altamente recomendado clase A+++++

En cuanto a la compra, todo estuvo bien, calidad, entrega rapida y en excelentes condiciones.por otra parte este tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno, se puede hacer lo que quiera con &eacute;l.

The phone is excellent but I cannot change the language to Spanish, it has only three languages. I  cannot make calls using Viber.

Well, i was worried like anyone when i bought this cellphone (i bought it from amazon 2 weeks ago) because of the hardware problems like the purple amoled... or the dead camera or the dead nokia... Ive been using it for 2 weeks now and i just can say that this nokia is PERFECT. No problems at all... Since i bought it it has restarted just 1 time... The camera is perfect. Now i can take those special moments with my friends and my family with the quality of a high end camera!!! The apps are ok for me. I got skype, facebook chat and angry birds :D. Is a perfect multimedia phone. The messaging is ok... Landscape keyboard is not good for my fat fingers :S. Multitouching is perfect. Perfect respone when looking at photos. The web explorer is... well... crap... I recommed downloading Opera. But as far as ive been using it the phone is perfect without problems. I recommed it for symbian lovers :)

Everything about the device is great except for the fact that it FREEZES EVERYTIME which can be so annoying. I almost smashed my phone on one occasion.

Being a nokia user since 86' finally, i am going to give it up after the purchase of N8. Why? very simple. the symbian is not outdated but under used. It is still very competitive. N8 makes it look bad. Mostly due to under-powered processor. optimising or not, the N8 need faster processor to run other softwares. Angry Bird can be slowed due to the chip in N8. In many ways symbian is still better than android and ios. anyway good luck old nokia, HTC will be my next barnd (likily)

excellent

I ordered the Dark Grey Nokia N8 when I saw the listing for a new unit for $199.99.  I had been looking to get a Nokia N9 for a backup phone, but the opportunity to pick up an N8 for such a discount was too good to pass up.  I ordered it and had it shipped to a friend's place so someone could hold on to it for me while I was out of town.  Delivery was prompt and everything looked fine at first.  Then I tried to turn on the phone and found that it was DOA.  I tried charging it with the included Nokia charger as well as with my E72 charger and a micro-USB charger.  Nothing worked even though I left it plugged in for more than 24 hours, the LED next to the micro-USB port to indicate active charging wouldn't even turn on.  I contacted Nokia Care and they advised me to return the device to Amazon after I explained the situation.  Fortunately, I have until 1/31/13 to return the item so I should be okay, but it is just such a disappointment.  Another facet of this situation that annoyed me is that apparently my supposedly new phone was out of warranty based on a check I did using the IMEI.  I am less than happy with this whole situation, especially considering the item was being sold by Amazon itself.  Going forward I will be a lot more cautious buying from Amazon.

Everything about it is awesome, The photo definition, the sound, the memory capacity, everything. Doesn't matter where I use it its always amazing. I have better pictures with my phone that with my camera!!!

Glad I didn't listen to the recent negative reviews. I'm not sure whats going on there, but this phone rocks. This was in my cart for months and I finally bought due to price drop and tax refund. This is my first touchscreen phone and after a week its so unbelievable. You can download apps from the ovi store. That is an app that is already on the homepage of the phone it takes you to where you buy more. The phone is so customizable. I have bought the charger and otterbox commuter, but the phone is so well made and the plastic screen cover that is on is still on and seems to be just as good so I will leave it on. Looks like they are getting newer games that are on the iphone and android too. Just yesterday "Cut the Rope" came out. The graphics on this phone are unbelievable. Lots of power to take advantage of. The gps map is available offline, which is awesome because I have t-mobile prepaid plan and I put my sim card in there and just use my home wifi or any wifi that has open access to get on the web, so that is a huge money savings. So I would get this phone and spend some time checking it out. The first 2 days were scary I was so clueless but you can search for N8 help on the web and lots of forums out there and then it because intuitive and you start knowing how to do things. Especially typing at first I was so slow and I have big hands but now as I play/practice I am getting much faster:-) All in all a great deal!

I attempted to replace my wife's Nokia N8 that has started having issues with connecting to WiFi and randomly powering off. She received the product and performed the phone switch and updates via Nokia suite. To her surprise the new phone performed worse than the one that was replaced. It would cut off on her mid call, wouldn't connect to the WiFi, and lock up making the unit inoperable. Maybe this was a defective unit, but being that her other N8 had issues was sent in for a warranty repair under a year. I doubt it. I hope everyone else has better luck with this unit, but I will not be purchasing another N8.

All right...Let me begin by stating that I am not very knowlegedable on the pros and cons of smart phones, but when I made the decision to upgrade my 6 year old Nokia, I started researching the kazillion newer phones on the market. Whew! I quickly became overwhelmed with what's out there and with the functions of these high tech devises. So confused and overwhelmed I was that I almost gave up looking before barely getting started. So...the first rule is: DECIDE WHAT FUNCTIONS AND APPLICATIONS YOU WANT IN A NEW PHONE. Everybody's needs and wants are different, so, deciding what you're looking for a phone to do will GREATLY narrow your search!I always owned Nokia phones, so I started my search there. within minutes I found the phone for me...the Nokia N8. I read all I could find about this phone... on many website reviews...including here on Amazon, and there were many pros and con reviews. I paid close attention to the "cons" of this phone because I wanted to get a feel on what in particular those reviewers didn't like about it. Many of these people got a bit too technical for me, but I began to see a pattern developing. Almost everyone complained about the Symbian3 OS and how sluggish it could be compared to the Android phones. Many also complained that Symbian does not offer the multitude of apps that Android does. Some reviewers complained that you have to "touch"  too many icons on the Nokis N8 to find the application they were lookng for...that's about it.Since I've never owned an Android phone, nor am I interested in thousands of Apps that I'm sure most are usless, I kept going back to the Nokia N8. I liked that the N8 has an all aluminum anodized casing with it's Gorilla glass. The 12 megapixel camera was a major plus for me because I take a lot of photos, and being able to shoot videos in full HD sounded incredible. I liked that the Nokia N8 has a built in 16MB memory with a slot to add more external memory when needed. After watching many videos on Utube demonstrating the functons of this phone, I knew this was the one for me.I've had the Nokia N8 for only a few days now and am still learning it's capabilities, but let me tell you this...I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! This "phone"...it's really a mini computer...is INCREDIBLE. The few photos I've taken so far are indescribable...as if a professional photographer took them. And the one HD movie I've taken is just the same. I am selling my other two digital cameras, cause they're usless now.I have only one slight concern regarding this phone, and that is the Users Manual.It's programmed into the phone and I find it a bit difficult to learn the phone's functions from it. I found it much easier to access thd manual from NokiaUSA.com/support. Another great help is going to Utube and watching the demos on there. For me, visually seeing someone show you how to navigate through the N8 is much easier to understand.Each day, I'm finding out new information about the N8 and what it can do and I'm blown away. Today, I learned that you can "tell" the phone to call anyone in your contact list. You don't have to dial any numbers...just say the person's name and the phone repeats it to you and then dials the number itself! Just ask it "What time is it?" and it'll tell you!To sum this up. If anyone's looking for an extremely well built, multi-functional phone with an incredible 12 megapixel camera with a Carl Zeiss lens and HD video, this should be a serious contender. J

I will begin by saying that I have been a Nokia fan for several years mainly for the type of designs, materials and built quality of the brand phones. My latest device was the E71 (Unlocked version made in Finland) which I consider to be the best phone that the company has produced. Symbian operating system structure has never been an issue for me since I rather like a stable OS that has been proven efficient for several years now.I am a Mechanical Engineer which has held several positions requiring a very good attention to details, deep troubleshooting thinking process and analysis and evaluation of different types of equipment failures. Currently I held a position in the Nuclear Industry.So far I have gone through three (3) Nokia N8 in less than a month with all the units shown significant signs that this device is not being put together well. I will say that the Nokia N8, in my personal opinion, is a well design device that separates itself from the rest of mass produced devices currently in the market. The phone specs are very impressive and the materials guarantee a long durability. However all this looks wonderful on paper but what is coming out from the production line is far, far from what was conceived in the design table. This phone particular design, in my personal opinion, requires a very well controlled manufacturing process to maintain the quality of the finished device. This strict quality control appears to be missing at least on the units I have bought.All the phones I am referenced in here were bought at AMAZON.COM as brand new units and I received them with the Nokia seal intact on the shipped boxes. All the units I have received are MADE IN CHINA which I will not rush to conclude it is the main contributor to the phone issues but it probably is.The first unit was my first disappointment right out of the box. This device came with the unlock sliding key significantly loose and the rattling was very annoying (something that I might have live with it for a $100.00 phone but not for what is expected to be a high end product priced at over $500.00) . I also noted visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body. So I returned this unit without further use of it.The second unit kept showing what appears to be a trend on this product. I found two (2) visible marks on both sides of the phone cases next to the ring that appears to secure the phone screen (it appears that excessive effort had to be made to finalize the assembly of the screen on this particular unit). Also, the camera lens and the xenon flash are not centered (it appears that the finish Aluminum plate that is glued on top of the camera, flash and speakers area was not placed with care). Here again noted a visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body. I still have this unit on hand but probably will return it.The Third unit (which I felt so lucky I got it for $429.00 on Cyber Monday eve) was again another big disappointment. This one appears to be the worst one so far. The front camera appears to be missing its end cover which I can see on the other unit I still have at home. Here again noted a visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body with the top one significantly off-set showing a visible gap where the earpiece is located. The main camera has failed to close the lens twice while exiting from the camera main screen.As you can see most of the issues I have mentioned here are related to the manufacturing process of this device. As you might know already Nokia itself has admitted that the most talked issue that this phone is experiencing (the power down of the device without any previous action) is been tracked down to the manufacturing lines. So if so far this what we can see on the outside of the phone, What about the internal assembly of this device? How reliable these units can be? Again, this is considered a high end device designed to compete with the high ranked smart phones currently leading the market.As far as the reported performance of the new OS, all three phones have shown sudden slowdowns, sluggishness and a lot of inconsistencies. Maybe clocking up an all processor instead of using a new one was not the best choice made.To conclude I will say that the Nokia N8 is a marvelous device, in paper, worth the $549.00 retail price. The Nokia N8 coming out of the production lines is worth much, much, much less or maybe no worth at all for now. You might still buy this phone but just be aware what you are getting into.

That was very pleasant! The ship was quick then everything was in the way I thought. I'am satisfy on this purchase it's a good deal.

After updating to Symbian Belle, I have to say, this is the nicest smartphone I have ever seen.It is now 2014, and I still am using mine after 4 years, and I bought one for my dad.I have no desire to "upgrade" to anything that is currently on the market. I see the prices for them new are going down to $160, which seems like a pretty good deal for one now, even if there is no more "support" for it from Nokia.It has features that most other smartphones *still* do not have, such as a micro-SD card slot, FM transmitter, 12mp camera, and HDMI output.Because of the AMOLED screen, it can show you the TIME when the thing goes into stand-by, so it's also a clock.The battery life is pretty good. Standby lasts 4 days if you don't use it much.The camera is by far the best camera you will find in a phone.They re-added the timed profiles feature which I found missing in earlier revisions of the Symbian^3The media player is greatly improved after upgrading to Belle. You can create playlists with it.The built-in FM transmitter means you can play music anywhere that there is a radio.That means your car doesn't need bluetooth or even a AUX IN jack, and you can hook up lots of boomboxes to throw an outdoor party with it.I don't see this feature in very many newer smartphones. I guess it is assumed all cars have bluetooth in them and you wouldn't need it for any other reason.The Location/Maps application works great. Sometimes it takes a while to get a fix if you don't have a data plan, but it does work without a data plan!! You can download all the maps offline and search offline.It is a little slower than the modern phones of today, and for web browsing or e-mail the screen is too small, but I don't want a big tablet in my pocket all the time!It's a camera you can keep with you and leave ON and in standby without sapping too much juice.And it does HD video too. Not to mention its HDMI output which may be handy if you have some video or presentation you want to give.Oh, and did I mention it's a pretty good phone too?I wish Nokia still made phones like these.You can't install any android or ios apps, but there are still tons of good apps for it.My biggest gripe is this: I wish the battery was removable. I was able to do it after watching a youtube video but it shouldn't be built-in like that.

I bought this phone with high expectations and it is huge disappointment.  My Nokia E71 has never let me down and I am a huge Nokia supporter.1) The touch screen constantly picks the wrong numbers or letters you type even with software update 1.2 installed on the phone.  If you have small fingers then this is not as much of an issue.  You have to hit the touch screen perfectly to get the correct letter on number that you selected. Very frustrating. Emails and texting are almost impossible on this phone.  To many errors with keystrokes.  When you try to reply to a email you have to touch the area in the email where your reply goes to start typing.  But the problem is that sometimes the phone will not open the window for you to type the reply message in.  You have to hit the typing area more than one time for the phone to get into reply mode for an email.  This is in inexcusable problem for a smartphone.  The are no touch screen settings to fix this issue.2) When you make a call and you have to use the touchscreen for touch tone input for a phone systems automated attendant menu prompt, 99% of business calls today will require touch tone input, the phone will dial a number in the contacts list instead of just inputting the touch tones as any normal phone would do.  It searches the contacts as you type the digits, and about 50% of the time it will call the number related to the keys that you just imputed instead off just entering the keystrokes tones for the automated attendant prompts.3) You can not run more than one email account at a time on this phone with out severely effecting the phones performance.  If you run a pop account and a Exchange account on the default home screen.  The phone becomes so unresponsive it bogs down to anything you try and do from that point on.4) The signal reception on this phone is terrible compared to my Nokia E71.  It will go from a full signal to 1 or 2 bars for no reason at all.  Once again my Nokia E71 does not have this problem.5) If the signal gets really bad the phone will switch from 3G to Edge and then the phone will not switch back to 3G when you are in an area that supports it.  You have to reboot the phone to get it back into 3G mode.  This is a major issue when you are in an area with varying terrain. Once again my E71 does not do this either.6) I had the first phone's camera go bad.  The camera would take pictures and the image was all white and saturated like a fog white color.  No adjustment or a full camera reset on the phone fixed the problem, face recognition was off, auto white balance set to auto or manual did not help.  Set the flash to off and changed the exposure iris level and this helped a little but still white haze on all photo's.  This happened on a the second phone's camera that Amazon sent me and this phone was made in China and more buggy than the first one made in Finland.  Definitely a issue with this camera.7) The phone has to be checked for open applications to perform correctly.  Any unnecessary open apps kill this phones performance.8) You constantly hit the camera button on the side of the phone when you are making a phone call.  It is almost impossible not to hit this button by mistake and turn the camera feature on.MY first phone was made in Finland the Rma'ed phone that Amazon sent me was built in China.  The second phone was more buggy than the first with the sensors on the phone.  I had to switch them all off.For a $500 phone I was expecting way more from Nokia.  This phone is a huge disappointment and I sent them both back to Amazon for a full refund.Buyer beware if you are a power user and demand more from a phone you should look elsewhere.There are to many negatives that out way the positives of this phone.

So I constantly buy products from Amazon. I happened to buy several units of the Nokia N8. Turns out that some units work perfectly, no problems at all. But some others, well, they hang up, lag... etc. Some even arrived DEAD. Wont even turn on. If you receive a dead phone, is better to send it back right away, don't do what I did and make a hard reset. I discovered that a hard reset would bring back to live to one of my DEAD N8. But the joy didn't last. Yeah the phone turned on and was functioning (with problems) for a couple of weeks. Then it simply DIED on me again, but this time was for Good. No way to turn it back on. So, I guess what I'm trying to say is, if you are lucky, you will get a well functioning phone. In any other case, just return it, don't be a Hero.

Excellent article I came with all accessories, applications work very well, with excellent camera resolution recommend. su sistema operativo es excelente, buen funciones

hi ..when i bought this phone ..I wasnt so happy ..too small for smart phone ..but now that I use it I love it ...but freezes ..maybe i should contact customer service for that ..and the night time video flash doesnt come on .that's all .but i eould recomend it ...Gps  very nice .

PRODUCTO RECIBIDO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES Y FUNCIONANDO REQUIERO ENVIAR FACTURA DE COMPRA.HATA EL MOMENTO EL PRODUCTO ES EXELENTE Y DE BUENA CALIDAD.

This is an update to the earlier review.  The product now ships with Anna and maybe Belle but is easily upgraded.  There is even some third-party upgrades that bring this phone into 2013.  I purchased it in April 2013 as a replacement to an earlier N8 that I had damaged.  BUT: I Originally ordered a Nokia 808.  It had a defective memory card-slot. I then ordered three N8s.  Two were defective in that the HDMI output didn't work, the third had a defective camera shutter button.  I ordered a fourth one from PUT Group after writing them to make sure they weren't a business operating under the same name as the other four companies.  Prompt response, helpful information and a promise that I could return it if there was a problem. This N8 is fine.  PUT Group is an excellent source to buy the phones.  The same cannot be said for XIV Wireless, My Wish-List and  Hassle-Free Cell.  I'm not complaining about their service.  They promptly refunded my purchase. Maybe I just got lucky with PUT but there seems to be some consistent issues with Nokia quality control so make sure you can return the phone if it fails to work.  And check out ALL the functions of the phone before ripping apart the packaging.  It's still a great phone but I'm totally disappointed with Nokia quality control or the way that some resellers are handling their products.First I must say this is a terrific phone.  Consider buying for all the reasons you've read.  But don't buy it until Nokia releases the Anna (and preferably the Belle) operating system update.  The current one is a bit buggy.  Much of the rest of the world has received the update but Nokia in their wisdom has not (as of September 20, 2011) released it for US versions.  There is even some suggestion that the US will not ever get the update since Nokia wants to push their upcoming Microsoft products.  Until Nokia releases Anna and Belle you should stay away from this phone.  For that matter you should consider their customer service attitude toward US customers when you considering buying any Nokia phone.  They just don't seem to care about their existing customers - at least those in North America.  Phone calls to their support and customer service result in evasion and disinformation about the upgrade.  They have lost the confidence of many of us Nokia users.

This phone surpasses in many respects to the Iphone 4, and delivers the best value for money, no doubt an excellent choice

I want to make a warranty claim and not what is the procedure, my nokia N8, mostly problem when press power button phone just vibrate only not power on.

I was looking for a good unlocked phone which I can sync with my work and personal e-mails. So, when I wake up in the morning and I don't need to turn on my computer to see what meetings I have. I was between N8 and android phones. I did not want to spend more than $450 (I did not want to buy a data plan so the carrier phones are out). So, I passed unlocked Iphone 4, Galaxy S and Blackberry phones from newegg and amazon. I got this one from Amazon for 429 which was the best price at the time.Phone looks very nice and works very well. It is built-in GPS very helpful and faster than Nokian e72. I used in different states and worked well. Especially, if you pre-entered where you are going to go (in a business trip, it is very common to know where you are heading). It talks to you too and even in different languages :).  To be honest, GPS is not as fast as a stand alone GPS but it is reasonable (and better than other nokia phones) especially when you consider you don't have to pay for the data plan.The sound quality is great. Nokia headset came with this phone is also very good. It is almost like noise canceling headset. Surprisingly, the headset does not work well with the computer and but the regular headphones works fine with the phone when you listen music or radio.I easily synced with my work exchange server (mail and calendar) and gmail account. I could not sync with my google calendar and read that some other people could not do it either. The phone has wireless N so it works very well with my wireless network at phone or work.The camera is so far so good. I don't care much about Mega pixels and care more about how pic looks. So far, it is very good.I know new generation became obsessive about Apps and the number of apps in the app store. Most of those apps are games and I don't play many games. So, it is not a huge factor for me. But, Ovi store have few decent apps ( sports app to show how many miles you ran, market (and stock) news, opera web browser and etc). That is more than enough for me.

I got this phone for my wife last year, mainly because of the 12mp camera, and it has worked very well for her. She uses it mainly for phone and camera, very little else, she's happy.I bought a new one for myself 12/2012 and can only say I was having so many problems with it right out of the box that I ended up sending it back. One problem was the camera would freeze up if I took a picture with the sd card in. Another problem was the phone would not hold a charge for more than a day. I tried all sorts of reloads and fixes from the Nokia site, didn't fix it. Shouldn't have to do that with a new phone anyway, so I returned it. I guess I got a dud...

Have it for about a year now. It went thru 2 major software upgrades. Phone is excellent. Camera too good to talk about. Clear voice. Good Speaker volume, even in car on the highway. On the whole excellent phone, just Love it.

I bought this phone over a year ago and I has survived- the phone not only has an excellent camera but it is also the strongest phone out there, the phone has surved many physical feats and it never broke. the only down side is that Symbian is a little bit slow..

The best thing about this phone is it's camera. Everything else - the body, the reception, the symbian(ugh) OS, the support, SUCKS! I wish I hadn't wasted $400 on this crap phone and invested wisely in any Android Phone or iPhone. If you're thinking of buying this phone, take my advice...RUN RUN RUN away while you can!

I had used my 5800 for 6 months. It served me well for scheduling, sms. But its browser is near useless. Then I bought N900, which works like mini computer. The fonts are beautifully zoom in and out in web pages. igoogle is just displayed as goog as my pc. but N900 is bulky and heavy. So I tried N8. But its fonts looks pretty bad in wed pages. I did not try camera and other features which I believe are good as many reviewer saied. So I returned it next day.

I got this phone because I am a very serious hobby photographer and the camera on the N8 definitely puts to shame those of my Iphone 3G I have and the Iphone 4G I contemplated buying.  I'll post some of the pictures I've taken with it and you'll see the camera on the N8 lives up to its potential.Unfortunately, the operating system on the N8 is terrible compared to an Iphone.  It's clunky, non-intuitive, and as I discovered today, bug ridden.  My N8's affliction is a pretty good one.  The N8 boasts being able to act as a GPS unit worldwide and with verbal directions.  That's great.  But what's not so great is when you punch in the directions you want and after about 30-60 seconds of normal operation, the phone restarts itself.  It just boggles my mind that Nokia would ship phones which have such serious bugs in them.  I can only hope that by uploading better firmware and better map data, I can overcome this problem.  But Nokia should never, ever have shipped the N8 until it was a mature, stable platform.Bottom line:  I'm thinking about reactivating my Iphone and just holding onto the N8 when I need to have an unobtrusive camera.

There are some very good smartphones available today, but as I continue to evaluate various models and hear about the latest ones, such as the Google Nexus S, I get frustrated by the best devices always leaving something out. I doubt we will ever reach smartphone perfection and no single device will ever satisfy all of us, but if you take an honest look at the specifications and functions across the smartphone world at the moment the Nokia N8 may actually be the closest thing to perfection available today.As I stated in my earlier hands-on article, existing Symbian fans will love the Nokia N8 while people who have used iOS, webOS, and Android devices may not like the Symbian operating system. Given that the operating system people prefer is highly subjective to what you are used to and what you need to do with a device, let's take a look at the hardware specifications and functionality outside of the user interface to see why the Nokia N8 stands out above the rest.There is a TON packed into the Nokia N8 and these specs and features listed here are just those that are above and beyond what we see in other devices today:Penta-band 3G wireless radio: You can use the N8 on T-Mobile, AT&T;, and other carriers around the world (850/900/1700/1900 & 2100 MHz frequencies supported) and currently only the latest Nokia Symbian ^3 devices have this capability.Bluetooth 3.012 megapixel camera with Carl Zeiss optics and largest sensor found in a camera phone. A Xenon flash is also found to make photographs look fantastic with 720p video capture that includes fabulous zoom capability.Dual microphones for audio recording qualityHDMI port with FULL TV out of everything on the deviceUSB on-the-go so you can connect USB flash drives, hard drives, and other peripheralsAluminum body in five stylish colorsFree Ovi Maps with offline navigation and maps for countries around the world. I never travel to a foreign country without a Nokia device preloaded with maps so I can navigate offline with no data plan required.FM radio and FM transmitter: Once you have an FM transmitter in your phone you realize how awesome it is to listen to podcasts and your music in the car and at home without any wires.You might find one or two of these specs in a device, but the Nokia N8 includes ALL of them in a single device that is available for just $549 in a SIM-unlocked manner with NO contract obligation. It is available in amazon for $449 now or You can regularly find it popping up on other websites for less too. I am also a fan of the 3.5 inch OLED display that is fully usable in sunlight. You also cannot beat Nokia for RF reception and phone calls are crystal clear with the phone not dropping calls like so many now just expect with the latest smartphones. I also like that I have 16GB internal with the ability to add a 32GB microSD card.There are also some hidden features in the Nokia N8 that Nokia never tells you about and these include the ability to use your Zune Pass subscription music and view Amazon Video On Demand movies and TV shows right on the Nokia N8.The one specification that doesn't appear to lead the pack, on paper at least, is the 680 MHz processor. Today's high end smartphones sport 1 GHz processors, but I honestly have not seen any lag in my N8 and the processor has not been an issue. The processor performance is highly dependent on the rest of the hardware and the operating system. Also, keep in mind the N8 has a graphics processor that takes some of the heavy lifting off of the main phone processor.The N8 also does not support the newest HSPA+ data networks. It does very well with 3G though and the fact that you are not limited by any carrier offsets the faster data speeds, IMHO.

Primero que nada debo decir que el envio y entrega de los telefonos por parte de amazon fue perfecto.Para empezar, visual y esteticamente el telefono esta perfecto, el peso y el tama&ntilde;o ideales.La pantalla exelente, buena imagen y la sensibilidad tambien.La camara, de eso ni hablar, no hay camara en otro telefono como esa, simplemente genial. Buenisima para fotos y para videos, mas aun con la combinacion del cable HDMI, para ver los videos y las fotos en pantallas grandes.En cuanto a la conexion con el operador, sin problemas ( movistar-venezuela ), muy buena conexion en 3.5g.El GPS, ya le descargue el mapa de venezuela, y funciona a las mil maravillas con todas sus funciones.el resto de las funciones estan excelentes. tambien debo decir que tengo poco tiempo con el telefono, y debo revisarlo y familiarizarme un poco mas con el. A medida que pase el tiempo voy a agregar mas comentarios.

Me llego el pedido aunque el nokia me llego con uns desperfecto de fabrica en el parlante pr lo que tuve que desarmar y acomodarlo pero la primera vez que compre estuvo muy bien

It was a good phone! But with time you realize that the operating system is poor and it keeps crashing. And when you most need it does not work.The camera is very good but is slow!

Piece of junk bad motherboard2 shops confirmed that  it collapsedLost a lot of data which created problems for meI will never buy another Nokia this was the 3rd I had but no more

I love the camera, takes great photos, the flash is functional. The navigation achieves satellite lock within a minute, even without a data plan. The maps are fairly recent (current is end of april 2012), and the traffic rerouting works.The battery cannot last the whole day on standby if 3G is enabled, so I am forced to leave phone in 2G mode. Nokia does not care about Symbian, so Belle Refresh is not yet available for US N8's, even though international N8 got it almost as soon as it was released in Aug 2012. This is still a good unlocked phone, but I wish Nokia would support it better.Also, for any warranty repair, the phone has to be shipped back to Nokia, and they will take the full 10 business days before even attempting to contact you and shipping it back. I sent the phone in for battery life dropping rapidly, had to wait almost three weeks to get phone back. (and since Nokia did not have grey in stock for replacement phone, I had to get an orange)

I purchased this item because of the 2nd camera to use video call features with Skype and it does not work. Other than that, its a good phone so far.

After owning a Nokia N900, I find this phone very disappointing.I knew I wasn't going to like not having a physical keyboard, but I found it almost impossible to type on this phone. Some of you may find this as a plus if you forget to lock your phone, but the heat sensitive touch-screen really doesn't work well for me. I find that every other letter I type is missed because I am used to tapping with my fingernails, it allows for more precision. Being forced to use my finger tips, not only am I struggling to hit every character, but every other one I do hit, is the wrong one, because the buttons are too small to use the tips of my fingers.I am also extremely disappointed in the fact that the battery is embeded and therefor not replaceable. I have always found solace in the fact that I can pick up a spare battery for a few dollars if the current one isn't holding a good charge. I also like keeping a spare battery around for every phone I own, in case for some reason the phone dies and I can't find my charger, or similar problems. And just to iterate the importance of being able to change a battery, the last N900 I owned, the charger port quit working, and broke completely lose. It was a pain, but I was still able to use the phone, due to keeping a spare battery and an external battery charger. If something along those lines happened with this N8, that would be impossible.Then there is the fact that they have reverted from the standard micro-usb charger port to the little dinky nokia charger. I used to be okay with that little dinky plug for nokia phones, I kind of liked the fact that a lot of their phones had the same  charger, while other companies had different chargers for almost every phone. However, after having gotten used to the new standard micro-usb charging port that almost every new phone has, I have not been too worried about forgetting my charger. To go back to having to remember to haul a charger around all the time would be quite annoying and unnecessary in my opinion.Overall, I am disappointed with the N8, originally I was willing to step down and accept a phone that I think is lacking some serious technology, because I love Nokia. But, when it comes to reality, look at HTC's phones... Nokia is charging the same price for a single core 1ghz processor while HTC has dual core 1.2ghz processors in their phone. Nokia is also behind in the fact that they don't have a single 4G phone, or an android phone. Nokia has a little more ram, but what use is that if the phone can't handle enough programs to use that ram. And the thing that made the N900 so amazing, is the Maemo operating system. To go back to the Symbian OS, I felt confined. I would take Android over Symbian any day. Now Nokia is going to drop Symbian for the Microsoft Windows Mobile 7 OS? YUCK! The one thing nokia has going for their phones, is the cameras. But once again, lets be real, it's nice to be able to snap a good shot when I'm on the road or something, but any photo I want to come out nice, I pull out my nice camera. The cameras on phones just aren't high enough quality yet to be able to take the same kind of pictures that a stand-alone camera can. A decent phone camera can only go so far, it doesn't make or break the sale in my opinion.As for looks, the phone looks great, the camera looks great, if I was only going for show and not usability, this would be a good phone. But lets be serious, I can't be stuck with a phone that I can hardly use.

I bought my Nokia N8 silver in march 2011. Since then my experience with the phone was kinda so-so. Its a great looking phone, but operational system is not user friendly. Maybe that's why we don't see too many Nokias out there. So far I have seen only one Nokia N8 in a public exept mine. In a ocean full with Iphones and samsungs, Nokia is a lonely fish. Couple days ago I had to make a sudden purchase from ebay and my phone was the only opinion to do it. Took me more that an hour to buy the item and I had to use friends Iphone to finish the transaction and pay for the item, my phone was way too slooooooooow. God forbid if you have to deal with Nokia Customer service, they are the most clueless people in the world. Yesterday the camera on the phone stopped working and after 3 calls to Nokia Im not even close to solve the problem. They gave me some web site- palcocellphonerepears that doesn't work neither. I would never buy Nokia again, overall I'm very disappointed with Nokia. Stay away!

phone malfunctioned 32 days after purchase (touch screen not responding)psychical keys still work, yes I tried everything,soft/hard reboots, reinstall firmware via ovi suite..Amazon doesn't want to replace it..Don't buy this if you need a reliable phone.otherwise the shell of this phone is gorgeousI'd love to give it 5 stars, but with this experience, it is not worth the trouble.Gray version made in Finlandsending to NCC

I do actually have this phone (ordered it from NokiaUSA and got it on time since im close by IN).This phone is for the Symbian lover wanting a new experience, unlike S60 5th edition. And this phone delivers.Construction and hardware wise, it is perfect (no removable batteries my gripe, but oh well). The camera is fantastic and may even replace your stand alone camera. Feels great in your hands too.The software..its what S60 5th Edition should have been...the music player, only 1 touch tapping, multitouch are ALL welcome editions. Do not use the ovi maps that come with it, go to beta labs and use OVI maps there...it has multitouch etc. Am thoroughly enjoying it...where they can improve is the web browser and calendar.Web browser will get an update in Nov from beta labs...will include better multitouch and a brand new look/feel, much like (n900 etc).All in all, this is what we want, something new but keeping the familiarity.Good job Nokia..looking forward to your N9

Amazon sent me a perfectly new phone for much less that it's retail value.  That alone gives this review 5 stars. It may have taken me a while to understand how to use it but I've never had any technical problems with it. (knock on wood)

this is the fanciest phone I ever had.  it does so many things and I love the green.  I am having a ton of fun with it.  still have to learn how to text and retrieve mail but I am learning.  love the clock and that I can watch movies and play games.  love that the battery life is better than the cell phone I was using.  Nokia is a great name.  The phone was brand new when it came and I added to it a memory card and a car charger.  I take it everywhere with me and the camera is absolutely sharp.  thank you Amazon for making it available.

It was working great after 3 months.I hear a lot about this problem. "N8 gone dead suddenly "I took off the battery, and the battery was dead, after I checked with a multimeter.Easy fix. Buy another battery.N8 estaba funcionando muy bien despu&eacute;s de 3 meses.He o&iacute;do hablar mucho sobre este problema. "N8 dejo de funcionar"Le quit&eacute; la bater&iacute;a del tel&eacute;fono y la bater&iacute;a estaba muerta, despu&eacute;s de comprobar con un mult&iacute;metro.Soluci&oacute;n f&aacute;cil. Comprar otra bater&iacute;a.

I've had my eye on the N8 for awhile now - being a VERY satisfied owner/user of an N82. I'll admit, there were more than a few negative reviews here that had me wondering. Even the best of products will have a certain percentage of "lemons" - and folks who get those are, understandably, much more likely to vent here than a satisfied user. But tons of these have already been sold in a pretty short period of time.I decided to go ahead and give the N8 a try - and am thrilled with it. I did immediately do the recently released firmware upgrade before actually using the N8...and have had no problems at all. The update is easy once you download the Ovi Suite onto your PC. It walks you right through it.Since the Amazon product description is very complete - and accurate, I'll focus here on some questions I had when considering the N8.The N8 is a solidly built machine - and since I was an N82 owner, I was already familiar with the Symbian OS, and was "right at home". I like the improvements made on the Symbian^3 version. Maybe it was my familiarity with the OS already - but after testing IPhone 4 and a Droid - the N8 was still my choice. I guess I don't "run with the herd" as they say. I find my N8 as fast and responsive as the other two I tested - and with more features.Update 10-30-2011: Nokia has offered two software updates to the operating system- now up to Symbian Anna - with a "Belle" upgrade expected in a few more weeks. It keeps getting better:)I've been completely satisfied with this purchase. Absolutely incredible camera/video on this. I always have a GREAT voice-guided GPS unit, digital camera, video camera, web browser, email AND PHONE with me...all-in-one. I have not experienced the negative issues others have mentioned in their reviews.-End Update Section-I've been showing it off to friends with IPhone 4s and Droids - all of whom have been VERY impressed with the N8 features, software and apps that I've added from the Nokia run Ovi Store; useful apps - as opposed to the fluff and sometimes goofy apps offered for the other systems.Internet use on the phone is not something I do a lot of - but I find it works very well. I like the fact that this is an unlocked phone. Mine arrived already set up for AT&T; wireless if you're going in that direction. But, since I'm not a heavy user, it's less expensive for me to use the now nationwide mobile virtual network operator, Consumer Cellular. It is a company that buys bulk air/data time from AT&T.; I have been with them for several years and wanted a phone that would work with their service. I programmed the N8 using the Consumer Cellular settings & SIM card to handle voice calls, text and picture messaging and data/internet. It all works great!My favorite app from Ovi Store is Best Profiles - for automatic switching between silent, normal and other modes during the day. It works beautifully on the N8. I also have added Google Latitude/Maps - again, functioning perfectly on the N8, and updating my location every 10 minutes or so on average.I've converted some classic TV shows from my DVDs to mp4 files and loaded them onto the N8. Playback of videos is excellent.I am very, very pleased with my new N8. I got the gray one (yes, it's made in China) and it is a good, solid, well built device. I also bought a 32GB class 4 microSDHC card to add to the phone, and the Commuter Series Otter Box case, which is awesome. The Otter Box case preserves the good look of the N8. It comes with the silicon cover/wrap, (which you could use on its own), a screen protector, and the outer plastic shell which fits over the silicon wrap. Works perfectly!

I've been using N8 for a month now (US) on T-mobile. It's the best phone I ever had. So far no problems with it. My most annoying issue was with the Skype mobile app under the old Symbian OS. The phone was slow and unresponsive if you leave the app open for two long. I believe the app had memory leak issues and/or other bugs. No problems so far with other apps (and no more issues with Skype under Belle) - works perfect right out of the box.So far my disappointments:- Amazon doesn't ship it with a 16 GB micro SD card (as stated on the Nokia USA site).- It doesn't support T-Mobile's UMA (WiFi calling without using your minutes and having WiFi reception at areas with bad coverage). This was important to me, as my previous Nokia 6301 had UMA and I was with the impression that this one will support it as well. Keep this in mind if you're planning to use it on US T-mobile.- No SWIPE keyboard - not a big deal but still ... (Fixed after software update)- No standard QWERTY keyboard in portrait mode. I believe this can be enabled through the settings (haven't done it yet), so it's not a huge issue for me. (Fixed after software update)- The inbuilt browser is a bit clunky. Opera Mini is much better and has an outstanding keyboard - a must have. (Fixed after software update)So far what I like:- Great call quality for both voice and video calls.- Excellent signal/reception.- 12 MP camera with outstanding picture quality. Carl Zeiss lenses - it doesn't get much better than this! The flash is not that good but still get's the job done in close distance. Outdoor pics/videos are amazing. Side note: I just got back from Hawaii and took hundreds of pictures and movies. People don't believe me that those were taken with a phone. Outstanding quality. You just have to play a bit with the manual settings/scene modes and you get stunning results (if you know what you're doing). Does a good job even on auto though! Probably the best phone camera out there at the moment!- Video recording in HD - 30 fps.- Outstanding build quality.- Good battery life. It has power saving mode which gives you quite an extra usage.- HDMI out with 5.1 Dolby digital sound.- FM transmitter - scans the stations fast. No issues with it.- Good GPS which can be used in offline mode. Just download the maps that you need and you're good to go. Good voice commands - it warns you if you're speeding (unlike my old Garmin). The GPS (with screen on) drains the  battery quite a bit, but you can put the phone in stand by and only listen to the directions. It doesn't always pick the best route, but it get's you there in the end.- The CPU and Memory are not the best but the OS runs smoothly without hiccups. At least not with tons of apps loaded at the same time.I'd recommend the N8 to someone who's not so impressed with the eye candy OS features (see update below - the interface got a boost with the latest update) and prefers a simple clean design and a phone with outstanding hardware in it.5/5 from me!New Update: Feb 2012:Got the Nokia Belle OS today. It's like getting an entirely new and better phone.The interface got better and much more customizable.Improved HD video capture (30 fps).The the top info status bar (with the battery/WiFi/gadgets info) got a boost on the looks and functionality. You can now switch off the WiFi/packet data/blue tooth from there with a single touch. Very nice.I miss some of the old stuff though: I can't find the "Show all open applications" (found it - press and hold the button) and some apps do not work on the new OS, but I'm pretty sure the developers will catch up.This is an amazing OS upgrade. Probably a lot more things got improved - haven't had the time to check everything yet. There are rumors that in future it will support some windows apps... Outstanding job from Nokia!Old Update: Nov 2011:I installed the new Symbian Anna update today. Some key improvements came with it:QWERTY in portrait mode - finally :)The interface got a boost. The icons are not that square-ish anymore. The general colors changed from blue to black-dark gray theme. It'll take me some to get used to the new interface looks but in general - I like it.The browser got completely changed. The old sluggish navigation style is gone. Better menu and browsing experience. Still not as good as Opera Mini, but hey - huge improvement from the old stuff! Kudos!Improved navigation searching. Still hasn't completely tested it out, but it seems that the offline search algorithm is now improved.Overall - good job from Nokia. I thought they completely abandoned Symbian, but it looks like they're still strongly supporting it. As I heard, all changes are based on community feedback, which is very good!Old Update Aug 2011:GPS - maps searching: It turns out there is a small bug with OVI Maps. The online and offline search algorithms are different. When searching offline in the US, if you put the ZIP code, most of the time the search doesn't return results. City, Address, State, Country is the best way to search offline. In online mode, you can go the regular US standard address format - Address, City, State, ZIP. Not a big issue and it's good to know there's a workaround.WiFi - there is no central place from where to shut down the WiFi entirely. If any app requires online connection, the WiFi turns on automatically. Setting it up to Manual doesn't resolve this. Changing the connection priorities, using the battery power saving mode and setting all desktop apps to offline mode helps, but it's still not a good/intuitive solution. I'd like to have three settings for WiFi - Manual/Known WiFi Networks/Off. Hope Nokia pushes this in a future firmware, as a lot of people are complaining.I still love the phone, despite the minor disappointments above!

Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)I loved it, this the best phone I ever own.Best camera.I did not have any issue with this .

I am so satisfied with my NN8 (Nokia N8). I know Nokia is the mother of cell phones and I believe in specificity and specialty!. Thank you Amazo.

Ame este producto! excelente producto, excelentes funciones, compra rapida y efectiva! funciona a la perfeccion, cumple todas sus funciones y es uno de los mejores equipos que tiene nokia! la camara toma fotografias pefectas y videos en HD! Tiene muchas funciones y todas son fabulosas! lo recomiendoLove this product! excellent product, great features, fast and effective purchase! works perfectly, fulfills all its functions and is one of the best teams have nokia! pefectas camera takes pictures and videos in HD! It has many functions and all are fabulous! I recommend

I've had this phone for 2 months. The camera is great, as advertised; I used it on a trip to Europe and didn't regret not bringing a digital camera. The reception and voice quality are excellent -- far better than my iPhone 3GS. The GPS works offline with voiceover turn-by-turn directions and OVI maps for visuals. Very good calendar with integrated To-Dos. The recent Symbian Anna update has made the OS a bit more user friendly, although it's still far from iOS.Overall, this is a very good smartphone. Its main deficiencies are limited and somewhat clunky apps. But I don't need a phone for slick apps -- I have an iPad. This gives me what I was looking for: good telephony, great camera, free GPS, unlocked phone that works on all U.S. and European GSM networks.

My first N8 I bought from Amazon led me to type this review'I was looking forward to receiving my phone today.My enthusiasm vanished once I turned the phone on and saw that the phone was plagued by Nokia's famous purple tint issue.Gray in color and made in Mexico.I downloaded the purple tint test picture and transferred it to the phone. It showed blacks and grays as purple. Also the upper part of the analog clock on the phone was purple instead of the normal black.I am going to return the phone.'I did return the phone for refund and I ordered another one after waiting a couple of weeks.The new N8 does not have the purple tint issue. Just like the previous one it was made in Mexico.It came with Anna preinstalled.I have not updated it to Belle yet, I am not sure if I will before experiencing Anna for a while.The touch response is not perfect and instantaneous but it is not bad either.I would want the Clear Black Display on N8 but this is Nokia and they are known for not including all the goods in one phone.Facebook app. is slower than Ipod Touch 4's facebook app.Not clean in appearance either.Skype similarly looks untidy compared to Ipod's app.Camera takes nice photos but I noticed some noise in low-light conditions.My Canon point&shoot; SD960 camera takes better photos but N8 is a capable enough substitute to carry.Speaker is powerful for a device this small.Stronger output than Ipod Touch 4's speaker's.I ordered Nokia's custom-made blue silicone case for N8.It protects the raised camera area but of course not the lens.But the thickness of the silicone layer raises the lens up a little so it does not touch the surface the phone is left on.HDMI and FM transmitter capability are nice, I tried both and they worked well.Battery lasted almost 2 days with moderate (not heavy) usage.Not bad.I need to use N8's compass.How do we do that?Need an app. or?I will not complain about the weak app. market because I have Ipod Touch 4 for that.However I urge Nokia to immediately make Skype video calls possible.That is a must-have for me.

coming from a 5800XM. This phone will do what 99% of people require well. great size. solid metal feel. well constructed. Excellent screen, camera and photo editing, fm radio and transmitter (play any audio over radio). True multi-tasking. And if you know how to write a custom firmware to it, my my. Even if you dont use custom firmware, do the operating system upgrade it suggest. Enjoy!

Wow! Just a few days using this phone and all I can say is that this is the best phone I've ever had. Nokia deserves 5 stars! This phone has all the features needed and more... I have no complains about this excellent piece of technology. Totally recommended!

Excellent product, it is 100% friendly, easy to use, great applications, lightweight, fast, record videos in HD, the quality of the pictures is awesome, the only downside is the zoom, not very good, but the whole team is amazing. I love Nokia phones and especially the series N

I am Nokia loyal customer. Previously, owned 7610,N70,N80(terrible),N95,N95 8BG, N900(have been super for last one year until it become useless with web sites require full latest flash 10).  These are issues happen to N8 for the last 5 days.1. After initial charge, put it SIM, phone freezed and could not turn on after 10 mins(scary isn't)2. The screen is totally black if maximize flash in web browser( work around is letting the browser maximize the screen automatically).3. The phone freezes a few times when watching the movie in browser using flash.4. Can not send the picture via email from image appplication(nokia N900 does)..it only supports via social site, bluetooth, message5. No app for Pandora (mobbler for last.fm only)6. Does not support DLNA like N9007. The phone is slippery, need case to hold itI will update once I see other major issues.These are outstanding features on N81. Fast when phone is not freeze2. Good navigation with street names in English only3. Support heavy graphic games like Iphone4. Excellent phone camera and super phone video recorder5. Battery with 3 bars remained after watching 90 videos video in browser using flash.6. Able to watch all movies using browser (orb.com application)7. Very good reception ( but I have not tested in Tmobile dead zone yet)8. Screen is very dark so I can set the min for brightness.9. Nokia claim to release new browser which works like microB in nokia N900( it is better to support latest and full version of Adobe flash, otherwise it is useless like N900 now or Iphone).

I am having so many problems with my N8. I want to know what should I do, because I want you to change it. I can not use it.

I purchased this phone as a favor for someone else. I cannot comment on the phone and it's functionality but I do love the look. From what I heard, the person never had a problem with this phone.

Very good product, arrived at the appointed time and in good repair. 100% Recommended.product that brings all accessories in new conditions

THIS IS MY COMPANION. AM NOT ALONE WHEN I HAVE MY NOKIA N8.THIS PHONE IS REALLY AMAZING.I CAN DO WHAT EVER I WANTED TO DO WITH MY NOKIA N8.THE PICTURE AND VIDEO QUALITY IS VERY GOOD.THE SOUND QUALITY IS AWESOME

for the ones travelling around the world or which are on multiple networks this is the perfect phone.Anyware I was  you can use a sim .Nice screen and nice design, the case looks tough, aluminim made.It's fast...  faster than they say. You must have the phone before you speak of it... and I have for 3 weeks now and 2 continents.Nice colours and screen very vivid.You'll need a cover for it, a silicone one is ok, the phone is well made also.The symbian it's not that bad as they speak of it, it's actually fast and rapid and the touch system is good also.The pictures are amazing so you'll not need an extra camera IT'S 12 Mp like a new camera and has carl-zeiss lens.The quality of sound is also nice, coming from the small speakers.. which were hard to find, they look small right near the camera lens.The signal is strong and natural voice quality.Maybe as a con, well it's not as good UI as the other phones and a little bit outdated with what we like, but me personally I don't wanna be too close to everything and everytime to know when someone is writing something on my facebook.If probably the phone were released a year ahead well we'll think different.Just remember to buy a cover so that the phone does not rest on the camera. In the rest the phone is just fine. You can personalize it the was you want, so you have everything on the first page.A nice cool thing is when the phone is on the standby it has an hour and date display all the time, so it's easy to see that is the night.

I feel happy with my nokia n8, this is a really good phone, the delivering was on time!  I`m just enjoying it!

My N8 is the last Symbian phone I will ever own, and since I noticed that the reviews for this phone are all over the place I figured I would try to write a balanced review. I have owned lots of Nokia phones (e71, e75, 5800, C6-01, 701), and two Android phones (original Nexus and the Google Nexus Galaxy GSM) so I have a pretty good idea of the difference between Android and Symbian. I've never owned an iPhone, but I do have a new iPad and a touch, so I have a pretty good idea of what iOS5 is like.The main advantages of the N8 is the build quality (I've never seen a company build hardware that's as nicely put together as Nokia) and the incredible flexibility of the phone and operating system. I mean this phone has an FM radio, FM transmitter for use when you rent a car or need to make a quick connection to a car radio that doesn't have Bluetooth or inputs, USB input, hdmi output, and what is without a doubt the best camera in a cell phone until the 808 came out.  Symbian Belle is in many ways more flexible than Android (and certainly more flexible than iOS which forces you to use the wretched iTunes and makes it a pain to import or export anything from it). The phone itself is pentaband so you can use it in almost all of the world where GSM is available. It has 16 gb of memory built in and you can add a microSD card for even more storage - unlike the iPhone or many newer Android phones, and the size is perfect. My newer Nexus has a 4.7 inch screen and feels like a tablet when I hold it to my head.The problem is that as they did with the N97 the self destructive folks at Nokia hobbled this phone with an extremely slow processor and only 256mb of program memory. In spite of the efficiency of Symbian, this lack of hardware guarantees that your phone will run sluggishly (if not when new shortly thereafter as you use it) and that installing any new software (such as the mobile Microsoft Office that was just released) will be a nightmare, requiring you to try to decide what you're going to have to remove to make it fit.  The 701 which I also owned had double the processor speed and program memory and it made the exact same Belle software run much more smoothly and gave you enough program memory to not have to worry about it.  For the life of me, why Nokia would design a phone that originally sold for about $600 and save a few cents by not including the appropriate processor and memory is impossible to understand.  It's not like they hadn't seen what that did to the N97 and the damage it caused to Nokia's reputation, but for some reason as a company Nokia was incapable of listening to any criticism or learning from their mistakes.So, I use my Nokia when I'm in an area where I need navigation but can't get data (Nokia maps has world wide free maps that you can download and use without a data connection, even now Google maps only let's you pre download a very small area), and when I think I will want to take pictures since the camera is good enough to replace a point and shoot camera. Yup, in a word, it's the perfect vacation phone. However, when I need a phone to actually get work done with or want to have access to some of the more popular apps like Netflix or Pandora I use my Nexus. It is a complete shame, because if Nokia had tried even a little bit the n8 could have been a real contender. For a while the popularity of Nokia in India and China allowed them to survive, but now with their switch to Windows 8 and the popularity of Android in those countries it seems like final curtain calls for Nokia.  So, at the current price if you want a good phone to travel with and an example of what could have been, this is a good purchase, but if you are only going to have one phone that you have to use day to day unfortunately even at these fire sale prices you're probably much better off buying the Google Nexus.

There are goods and bads of the phone. The build quality is definitively its strong point. And the camera.... oh my god. its just absolutely amazing. Blows away my point and shoots and is miles ahead of the camera on my nexus one. It come close to me DSLR, but not quite. The most frustrating things about the phone is the web browser and the on screen keyboard.First the keyboard. It just plain sucks. Hopefully sywpe will be release soon and fix this. No portrait keyboard and text prediction is horrible.Second, web browser. Coming from an Android browser... you get spoiled. The symbian web browser was once the king of the hill, but its showing its age now. Again rumor has it a new browser is coming out. Opera may be a good alternative, but I personally do not like it.I may return the N8 to nokia and wait for a new keyboard/browser to come out before committing the full $500+ on this phone. Its definitely a worthy competitor to my Nexus one and I'm having a hard time deciding which phone to keep. It all comes down to software vs. hardware.

When connected to the 3mm audio out jack with a head phone, there is some interference noise produced by the AMOLED screen. Which makes it not suitable for quality music listening. This ticking noise goes away when the AMOLED screen is off (using a blank screen saver).

I'm very happy with this phone.  I've been a fan of the N-series for a while, having previously owned the N95 and the N96.  The transition to touchscreen has been pleasant and effortless.  I thought I would miss the physical buttons, but I don't.  I have learned how to "Swype".  I like that there are so many apps for this phone in the OVI store.  I have all my music loaded onto my phone, so I have plenty to listen to while I'm at work.  The builtin GPS is very good, seems to find a signal much quicker than my previous N-series phones.  Battery life is excellent.  I would recommend this phone.

Longtime fan of Nokia until this experience ended it...actually all my cellphones up to now have been Nokia, from a 8290 to the N8, going through 6130 , 6260, N95...etc...Finally the N8 was an atrocity, about 5 months in, the screen developed a blotch in the upper part which ended up in less than a year by being all over the screen. I thought about sending it for repairs while still under warranty but at first Nokia refused to acknowledge they have defective screens and then the blogs and forums were rife with people that did send them and ended up with refurbished ones instead, that had a miriad other problems.And to top things up the Belle upgrade messed it up completely: shutoff after call, decreased battery life so on and so forth. Apple here I come (sigh), used to hate them, but their crap works and Nokia is going bankrupt...

This is a great all in one phone. Easy to multitask, email, or texting while talking. Applications are great. Great music player and the best is the FM transmitter which is quiet clear. Web browsing is not as good as the iphone but good enough. Texting is fun with this phone, has the texting like you are chatting mode. Very responsive and the keyboard has the similar responsiveness like the iphone. Camera is good but not as great as the other reviewers are saying. Not very good in dark settings. I think it's still better than iphone though. Resolution of the screen again is not as good as the iphone, but it's obviously a cheaper phone. All is all, i like this phone.

Below is a list of things to know about N8(note that this is mostly about things that 'directly' affect user experience, in no particular order)1. Playing music off of an external flash drive/hard drive is problematic (can only select one song at a time). Do let me know if you know how to play folders from external devices.2. The phone freezes at times (did it with music player, web browser, etc), symbian^3 feels not very stable. I used N82 for 2+years (and 7610 for 4yrs before that), both were very stable (I do not remember if it froze even once).3. The phone sometimes would not turn back on for an extended period of time while connected to power (one time it took over 24 hours) after it turns itself off with low battery.4. When you talk, 'hold' or 'end call' buttons get clicked with my ear quite often, so you get disconnected. Not sure how to solve this except for not forgetting to use this 'lock' slider on a side of the phone.5. The 'settings / connectivity / wifi' sometimes just freezes and does not let to choose wifi network.6. The 'mail' application is hard to use and set up, there are obvious / well known bugs in the software, e.g. it will randomly not display option for custom / other mail setup (IMAP, etc) or any other predefined profiles (like gmail). I consider I got lucky 'custom' option eventually showed up after multiple resets and I was able to setup an account.7. 'Ovi store' periodically would not connect (with general 'connection error') which can be annoying.8. Automatic screen rotation is very shaky, takes too long to recognize rotation, e.g. from portrait to landscape, or just switches back to portrait mode while you are typing in landscape (it may be quite annoying at times as it just takes away your time).9. Keyboard in portrait mode is alphanumeric, so you can't type fast while in portrait mode. qwerty keyboard is only available in the landscape mode (this potentially can be fixed with some 3rd party keyboard applications).10. Default web browser is very user unfriendly. It takes some patience and a good amount of clicks before you finish typing an address into 'address bar'.After you press 'web' icon, (0) you see two bars, one 'address', the other 'search', you then (1) 'double tap' on the address bar (it takes some practice, the address bar requires 'precision' tapping), (2) the 'alphanumeric'! keyboard comes up so that you can punch in the web address, notice that there is no url history to help you here so you have to retype the entire address, (3) you have to click on that big green checkmark to confirm you input, (4) this brings to the same screen as in step (0)!, so (5) you click on 'go' button on the far right of the address bar, (6) the website starts loading.I have never seen anything quite like this before.Notice that if you prefer landscape QWERTY keyboard, you may need one more step in between (2) and (3) which is to 'rotate' your phone to bring up the QWERTY keyboard.Installing 'opera' browser can address these issues. Opera has its own *portrait* mode QWERTY keyboard, it's much better.11. 12mp camera is just fine, it takes practice to take pictures as it seems to be more sensitive to 'shaking' while taking pictures than 5mp on N82 (I have already gotten a good amount of blurry pictures on this 12mp camera).12. FM transmitter is relatively weak, needs to be right next to the radio, even then can be noisy (I used it in my car).Hope some of this may help! just wanted to share.

Great product!I already had one N8 for me and I just bought that Pink edition for my girlfriend. She loved it! :)That's definitely the best camera phone in the market and it also has the best apps to say connected with Twitter, Facebook, Foursquare and etc.The HDMI connection is another thing that makes a lot difference.Nokia still has the best smartphones! :)

I have never used any other brand but nokia and their phones never disappoint me. N8 is simply amazing. I am so happy I bought it.

after 2 month the lower left corner is no work... OS system is not good. Android system is better for me.

This is a solid phone.  I've only had it a month, and I haven't had time nor inclination to play with all the capabilities.  But, long-time or old-time Symbian users (including me) will appreciate the familiar menus and methodologies in a more up-to-date capacitive touch screen interface device.  I don't love this phone, but I really like it - Having come from the N900, and still floating back and forth, I find the web-browsing on this phone to be mostly tolerable when using the third party Opera browser available free in Nokia's Ovi store.  The built-in browser is passable, but the Opera browser takes the n8 to "tolerable".  Compared to the iPhone, various Android devices, or Nokia's own N900, the browsing overall is a bit weak.  I'm annoyed by being forced to Google's "mobile" webpages, when the N900 can render the full Gmail webclient on the built-in browser.  The on-screen keyboard is taxing to those acclimated to a physical keyboard, but Swype is available for free from Ovi, and this mediates the issue of touch-screen typing a bit.  Syncing Gmail and Google Calendar or Microsoft Exchange is possible, but detailed to configure (and only one service provider can be configured).  Syncing info from an older Nokia phone, such as the N900 in my case, is possible, and worked flawlessly.  The camera rivals my point-and-click, and is quite commendable, though I had higher expectations of the Xenon flash. The mp3 player is acceptable (a bit quirky, but, again familiar), and the phone package came with a headset that includes a microphone and player controls on the cord.  The video capability of the phone includes recording at 720P and sending video over a built-in HDMI output (and an included cable), but I haven't tried these features.  One truly unique feature of this phone is the penta band radio which will allow it to work 3G on both ATT and T-Mobile (unless/until the merger goes through).  So for those that value choice of carrier, it's good for a little while for either carrier, not to mention overseas carriers.  Some have made issue of the "non-removeable" battery, but, unlike the iPhone, the battery is removable by simply removing two screws and sliding it out.  This is most likely a space and weight saving design, and really of little consequence to battery maintenance.Generally, the things that are expected of a smart phone are represented here with the exception of iTunes store or  Android Marketplace.  But Symbian has been around a long time, and the apps available in Nokia's Ovi Store, as well as those floating around all over the Internet, testify to that fact.  For example, Angry Birds is available, but Doodle Jump is not. This differentiates Nokia in the smartphone arena - this integration with their own Ovi store and services, and in the smartphone world, this is important.  But Symbian has been around longer than either iTunes or Android, and there is still a big following worldwide.The N8's map application, Ovi Maps, is excellent, and is a vast improvement over the built-in Map application on the N900 (which was so bad that a third party application was written).  The N8 is a pretty fair GPS device, and can operate in offline mode, if the maps for the current area have been preloaded.  And preloading maps, though not strictly necessary when connectivity is present, is a snap from within the map application itself (preferably over WiFi), or from Nokia's companion PC Suite. This is a handy feature for poor/no service areas.  And the maps are free from Nokia and don't take up that much room if they're loaded judiciously.  The N8 Map application can operate in compass mode, which is nice when traveling.Overall, this is a recommendable device, especially for those that have used Symbian-based phones before (there have been a number of manufacturers that have used Symbian in the past).  It's very configurable, has modern smartphone hardware and capabilities, has vast support on the Internet from countless users worldwide, and solid support from the Ovi service and store.UPDATE:After using this phone for a few months, I'm still quite pleased with it, even after it was drenched in a swimming pool (and then disassembled and dried).  Symbian is a very stable OS, and I've not had to reboot this phone, except when drying it out after the unfortunate water incident.  Now, of course, it's not water resistant and I was quite lucky, but I can't help but think the new encased battery design might have helped prevent shorting the battery by trapping air pockets.  The foregoing was a lead-in to say that if/when this one gives out from water damage in the next few months, I will very likely replace it with an orange one just like it.

I bought this phone mainly for it's camera. The camera is fantastic to say the least. I was informed that my N8 would be shipping with Nokia Anna and when I received it, I was sorely disappointed. I have been running a Nokia C7 Astound for the last year and only recently received Anna on that phone. Even though I have only been exposed to Anna for a month now, I am sold on Anna. NFC is a great addition, The Icons look way smoother, I love the portrait  qwerty swype, and many other things that my Astound had, so when my N8 came with out it and with out swype I was not a happy fangirl. I will continue to use my N8 only cause I am in love with the camera. I even called Nokia to try to get my update to learn that the update won't be available for my phone. Hopefully they will push the update for Bell in February or I will be switching back to my Astound.

The n8 does every function I use a lot extremely well (calls, camera, music, browsing, texting)It is weak in the areas that I use very rarely, like networked services (third party apps, games, etc, where the selection is poor).In short as a utilitarian device I've never had a better match for myself!I've had a nokia 5800 that gave me lots of trouble, then I had a motorola droid that gave me nothing BUT trouble.When our point-and-shoot camera broke I decided to get this.What I realised where that I am not willing to compromise on a select few features like calls, reliability, battery life, audio quality and camera/video quality.Every other device that costs twice as much as the n8 fails in at least one of those.

EL NOKIA N8 LO COMPRE PARA USARLO EN VENEZUELA Y TODO FUNCION&Oacute; DE ACUERDO A LAS ESPECIFICACIONES DEL ANUNCIO, ES DECIR, ESTA TOTALMENTE LIBERADO, FUNCIONA PARA TODAS LAS OPERADORAS EN VENEZUELA, EL EQUIPO INCLUYO EN LA CAJA TODOS LOS ACCESORIOS MENCIONADOS.REALMENTE FUE UNA MUY BUENA COMPRA.

First I'll mention the negatives:- The web browser is not good.  This may get fixed, but no matter what it will be limited by the processor.  Using Opera Mobile for casual browsing is fine, but you will not get flash.- The UI is a bit clunky.  Some people really go off on things like "it's hard to access wifi" without knowing how to use the device.  (pro tip, click on the very top right of the screen, then click on 'wifi networks found'... it's that easy).These problems will be improved, but will probably always be an issue.  If you can deal with it, here is what you can do (and I did) on a trip to Brazil:- I had far better maps than the iPhone crowd and did not break the bank having to download all those maps over the air.- I took very nice 12MP photos (the major reason for this device)- I accessed my exchange email and my gmail just fine with the built-in application.- I played angry birds a lot- I loaded up a 16GB card with around 25 divx backup movies and watched them: on the plane, on an HDTV with the included HDMI cable, and on an older tv in my hotel with a VGA cable from a previous Nokia phone (it plugs into the head phone jack).I'm having to return this phone as it seems to suffer from a power problem that others have experienced.  It reboots regularly when cold, and occasionally at other times.  I'll be getting another of a different color.

I have owned and used this phone for 5 months. I was debating between 2 and 3 stars on this review.The pros: Good looks, sturdy design, responsive keyboard, Symbian OS may be outdated but saves on battery (if I don't use it heavily the battery lasts 3-4 days, which is impossible with iPhones), the GPS system has free map updates and works in remote areas, uses regular SIM card, not micro, there is a micro SD slot and the total memory of 16GB is upgradable to a whole 48 GB - rarely you have a phone with such a great storage capacity; the camera is very good with 12 megapixels and Carl Zeiss optics. It remains the phone with the best camera on the market. The Bluetooth works well.The cons: #1 shortcoming - the screen goes black and locks when you have to pick up a call, or when you initiate one. After all this is a PHONE, Nokia. It is hard to be unlocking the phone every time a call comes in. The same for an alarm. When it wakes you up, you can't just punch the "snooze" button, you have to unlock the phone's black screen by pushing down the side slide unlock button. BTW this problem affects a tremendous amount of N8's accross the world but Nokia seems to offer no solution or even recognition of the problem. 2. The phone does lock sometimes; 3. the "Play via radio" FM transmitter appears not to work. Although I've tried it on various FM receivers it simply does not connect, although the phone screen says it is transmitting. People point out lack of half a million aps for Symbian OS but I use only 3-4 of those, and I have found those I need. So this is not really a shortcoming.Conclusion: N8 is a smart phone with many qualities however the unresponsive screen, and the other glitches makes it a sort of a dud. I am too conservative and do not like the harsh way the tech industry is pushing people to become insane consumers of ever "improving" new technology. I usually look for a phone that will last at lest 3 or more years, so I was hoping the Nokia N8 would cut it. It did not. I am a long time Nokia user and have been impressed with their simplicity, durability, competitive prices and versatility. Not this time around, sorry. I may be moving to another brand.

If you looking for a digital camera and phone. The N8 gives you that and much more. There is nothing bad I can say about this phone. I would recommend it for people who like to take pictures where ever they go. I just love this Device.

except camera all is well, camera does not brighten enough for 12 mp standard.want to buy another one if comes on sale. everyone should have one.

no problem with the transaction. Nokia has bad customer service. called them for the problem with the phone and they made me ship if for repair. then they said that it had water damage even though i had if only for 8 months and did not expose the phone to water. now the phone is a brick. read blogs on nokia website and a lot of the people had similar concerns. Nokia has done nothing to fix it. i would not recommend to buy this phone. i was a nokia fanatic and had owned all their N series phones until the N8 and this is the last one. i am never buying a nokia phone it this is the service i am going to get from them after spending 600 bucks and buying the phone as soon as it came out. my strong recommendation is you are thinking to buy this phone DONT!!!!!!!!!!!Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver/White)

'f you are sitting on the fence to buy this phone or iphone 4, don't buy this nokia. ' used that two phones but you can not compare this nokia n8 with iphone. 'phone is the best phone i have ever used.

I bought this phone due to the great reviews from experts.  It worked great for 3 months and then suddenly died on me.  I took great care of it and never drop it so I don't understand what happened.  What I hate the most is that AMAZON does not have a way for me to make the so called WARRANTY valid so my phone is checked and repaired.

It does things the iphone will be able to do in 2 years time.Amazing device.

The N8 is the perfect phone for me. I travel often and usually take an iPod, small notebook computer and camera with me. Now I have my N8--it does it all! The music player works well and the camera is the best I've seen on a phone; it has great editing tools and it can be used with an HDTV. I can access my email, browse the web and IM family and friends; all from my phone. It switches to WiFi whenever available so you don't have charges from your phone carrier. The manual is well written and easy to follow (I printed a copy and put in a 3-ring binder for easy reference). I had no trouble setting the phone up initially. The free maps, GPS and navigation system are great for traveling all over the world. Because it is an unlocked phone, I can switch SIM cards and change carriers in the USA or get a local country SIM when traveling internationally. The OVI suite is easy to use, allows you to easily update your contacts/calendar, the OVI web site offers great support and many apps to download for free and to purchase, and the OVI Music works seamlessly to make playlists and sync to your phone. There are several private web sites which also offer support and products for the N8. I plan on keeping this phone for a while and I feel it is a great value.

I have three of these phones and they are a pain!  All of them reboot at the slightest provocation, or with no provocation - which ever suits them best.  Maps, the GPS portion of the phone, is mostly useless.  Click on this section and the phone dies, so do not buy it for guidance.  Phone works fairly well.  I think volume is lower than it should be, but mostly I can hear my callers.  Web browsing sucks!  I installed Opera for mobiles and every search brings forth a warning of memory shortage and a request to shut down the only program I am running.  Locked screens are a nuisance!  I get lots of "do this sort of reboot", or "re-flash this", or "try this" from advisers.  Truth is, this is a poor phone running poor software and even poorer firmware.  The phone could be a winner, but it won't be.  By the time they debug this phone, Nokia will be selling something else new and wonderful.  They are no doubt on the verge right now and probably do not care about this phone and its users.  There are too many better phones out there to put up with a phone that works some of the time.  OH, the camera isn't bad at all.

I had been on the fence to purchase the last of Nokia's flagship Symbian powered phones for a long time...but finally made the plunge.  Coming from a long line of Nokia products, I was fully prepared for some of the typical Nokia glitches/characteristics.  The N8 has a phenomenal camera, which I used extensively.  However, after sampling an Android OS smartphone, I felt a bit cheated (read: jealous) that such as powerful, high quality device like the N8 didn't have certain applications or support from its software developers.  Nokia's OVI store has come a long way from my previous E50 and E71, but at the end of the day, I felt like something was missing.  Most touch screen phones are usually easy to operate, but this one required far more (and almost unnecessary) key strokes and steps to accomplish every task, that it became exhausting to do anything.  Previous Symbian powered devices run circles around it with their old school hardware keys.  I did not experience any of the shut downs or problems may others did.  Conversely, this had so many great Nokia features and hardware I hated to return it because I'm such a Nokia fan...but with the recent withdrawal of Nokia from the US market I felt abandoned as a long term customer.Likes: excellent camera, alarm clock that works even if you power the phone off, built in OVI maps (not reliant upon the buggy network carrier), battery life, screen resolution and build quality.Dislikes: cost, lack of popular applications available for download, buggy processor at times, and extremely difficult data input method.If the E7 would have the N8's camera, or the N8 the E7's keyboard I suspect it would've been easier to live with.

Nokia N8 is a very good phone but one thing what I did not like in this phone is the Camera, on the camera is written 12MP but on my N8 it has a very not clear picture, pictures are like made it with any phone with 2MP,The other applicatins are OK no Comment for anything else exept Camera,Thanks,

You cannot go wrong with Nokia N8, I had a nokia N82 before, and I was looking for a good replacement for a great phone which btw still works as good as new.Then after searching and searching, looking at iphone's, samsung's, htc's... I was sure that I could not go wrong staying with nokia now with the N8.PROSIt may be not so popular as the iphone, but it is a lot easier to use, upload your music, videos and stuff to your phone with the N8... btw I never liked the itunes app... And you can get a lot of games on this one, I have 3 dif angry birds, Need for speed, ninja fruit.. etc.. OVI store is great.Great display, spectacular and solid colors, even though it is 640x480, it looks great, you would not even notice that, you can play HD mp4 videos up to 720p with no hassle. I have loaded with series, movies and lots of videoclips.Xeon flash and 12mp, you cannot get better than that, this camera is superb, good pictures day and night, also HD video which allow you to record anytime you want videos with great quality... no as crappy iphone camera.3G (3.5G) signal everywhere, strong calling, messanging and internet signal everywhere, even where an iphone or other phones dont get.Nice buttons, the volume control, camera, menu and locking/unlocking are just what you need... (well and the on and off button)Color for everbodys taste, got mine in orange... sweet!... have friends with the blue, silver and black ones, I feel like if we where the power rangers or something like that... LOL...Symbian, has been worked on.. I just wonder, what if Nokia had spend more time working on symbian than wasting time on maemo and meego.. how greater could it be..PLEASE NOKIA DO NOT GET RID OF SYMBIAN, INVEST MORE TIME AND WORK ON IT.. KEEP IT GOING ON..Also, GPS, which is a great feature... trust me, in this phone you will have anything you need for communicating, gaming on the go, listening to your fav music, watching movies, series and more, taking pics and videos whenever you want.CONSMaybe just one desing flaw... stereo speakers for this phone are placed on the same spot... which makes not a lot of sense, why couldn't them be on the sides like the n900 or both on oposites sides on the same face like the n82.ConclusionAs of today July 2011, you cannot get a better phone for the price/quality/greatness/support/features as the Nokia N8.

Hi, first time I bought this phone on March 1st and it worked great! The camera took the best picture I've ever seen from a cellphone and it recorded in High Quality.I used to play lots of HD game on the phone (since it has capative touchscreen) But 2 weeks after that, I realized that when my phone was locked, I checked the clock oh the phone and half of the clock was PURPLE. (It supposed to be black since it was screensaver mode)I returned it and got full refund after waiting for almost two weeks.I bought the second phone on April 5th with the same colour and hoping that it would work fine.I received it on April 7th and I directly checked the AMOLED Glitch and it became even worst!Half of the clock showed Red and Purple on screensaver mode.I dissapointed that this happened to me twice - and with the same kind item.Other that it, it's an Excellent phone! This phone hasa GPS,fast Wi-Fi (802.11n as fast as a computer has),12 Megapixel camera with Carl-zeis lens (it replaced my digital camera when I was using it)Good quality of mp3 player,Youtube video without bufer,etc.But things that need to be consider is that this phone doesn't have a physical keyboard (although you can get it separately) and the virtual keyboard only come out vertically.

Long story short, this is an incredible phone with the new Symbian Anna OS. It does everything you need to do and more than the iPhone, including tethering. However, the one I ordered a week ago came with with the incorrect OS - PR 1.2. Have tried to upgrade to Anna but the Nokia updater is not working so I am returning for a replacement. Nokia has released that Anna is shipping on all Nokia N8 handsets so this must be an old unit.

i ordered the phone then hurricane sandy came and destroyed the warehouse. my money was refunded and i was informed. , so i bought a similar one from amazon.

This is a great phone, has lots of advantages over iphone: FM, play and transmit, better camera, better sound, you can connect USB devices to it, great battery life.The only con is the Symbian OS and its supports for javascript and html

This phone has it all, awesome camera, photo editing software built-in, haven't done video's but I'm assuming it is good just like that photos.  I activated on AT&T; and get excellent service, better than my Verizon Droid X that I switched from.  Though the phone can be slow at times, be patient its worth it.  Also love the fact that theres a fm transmitter built-in too so I can listen to my songs through my radio or can talk to someone through the radio.  Though it was a little cheaper than on here, it is worth the money in my opinion to not have to sign a contract with a company and still get unlimited data (non-smartphone) for under $15, it can even tether.  I am not sure if At&t; will catch on since I am only in my 3rd day but I have read from other's they do not know what phone it is so they shouldn't force you to get a smartphone data plan.forgot to mention I can talk and surf the internet simultaneously without a problem, can't do that on verizon, not sure if its all At&t; phones but makes my dad jelous his droid can't do that.

I just got this phone a few weeks ago, and already it is the worst phone I could have ever bought!! I can not use the internet. When I get phone calls, the sound is really bad and quite. The pictures are ok, but do not look like they are from a 12mp camera. The screen is so small, that even with my reading glasses, I have a horrible time reading anything. The keyboards are way to small to text with. If you have vision problems, I would not get this phone. I had a hard time finding anything on this phone. I really feel like I wasted my money on this phone.

Step right up, step right up, step right up,Everyone's a winner, bargains galoreThat's right, you too can be the proud ownerOf the quality goes in before the name goes onOne-tenth of a dollar, one-tenth of a dollar, we got service after salesYou need perfume? we got perfume, how 'bout an engagement ring?Something for the little lady, something for the little lady,Something for the little lady, hmmThree for a dollarWe got a year-end clearance, we got a white saleAnd a smoke-damaged furniture, you can drive it away todayAct now, act now, and receive as our gift, our gift to youThey come in all colors, one size fits allNo muss, no fuss, no spills, you're tired of kitchen drudgeryEverything must go, going out of business, going out of businessGoing out of business saleFifty percent off original retail price, skip the middle manDon't settle for lessHow do we do it? how do we do it? volume, volume, turn up the volumeNow you've heard it advertised, don't hesitateDon't be caught with your drawers down,Don't be caught with your drawers downYou can step right up, step right upThat's right, it filets, it chops, it dices, slices,Never stops, lasts a lifetime, mows your lawnAnd it mows your lawn and it picks up the kids from schoolIt gets rid of unwanted facial hair, it gets rid of embarrassing age spots,It delivers a pizza, and it lengthens, and it strengthensAnd it finds that slipper that's been at largeunder the chaise lounge for several weeksAnd it plays a mean Rhythm Master,It makes excuses for unwanted lipstick on your collarAnd it's only a dollar, step right up, it's only a dollar, step right up'Cause it forges your signatureIf not completely satisfied, mail back unused portion of productFor complete refund of price of purchaseStep right upPlease allow thirty days for delivery, don't be fooled by cheap imitationsYou can live in it, live in it, laugh in it, love in itSwim in it, sleep in it,Live in it, swim in it, laugh in it, love in itRemoves embarrassing stains from contour sheets, that's rightAnd it entertains visiting relatives, it turns a sandwich into a banquetTired of being the life of the party?Change your shorts, change your life, change your lifeChange into a nine-year-old Hindu boy, get rid of your wife,And it walks your dog, and it doubles on saxDoubles on sax, you can jump back Jack, see you later alligatorSee you later alligatorAnd it steals your carIt gets rid of your gambling debts, it quits smokingIt's a friend, and it's a companion,And it's the only product you will ever needFollow these easy assembly instructions it never needs ironingWell it takes weights off hips, bust, thighs, chin, midriff,Gives you dandruff, and it finds you a job, it is a jobAnd it strips the phone company free take ten for five exchange,And it gives you denture breathAnd you know it's a friend, and it's a companionAnd it gets rid of your traveler's checksIt's new, it's improved, it's old-fashionedWell it takes care of business, never needs winding,Never needs winding, never needs windingGets rid of blackheads, the heartbreak of psoriasis,Christ, you don't know the meaning of heartbreak, buddy,C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon'Cause it's effective, it's defective, it creates household odors,It disinfects, it sanitizes for your protectionIt gives you an erection, it wins the electionWhy put up with painful corns any longer?It's a redeemable coupon, no obligation, no salesman will visit your homeWe got a jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, prizes, prizes, prizes, all work guaranteedHow do we do it, how do we do it, how do we do it, how do we do itWe need your business, we're going out of businessWe'll give you the businessGet on the business end of our going-out-of-business saleReceive our free brochure, free brochureRead the easy-to-follow assembly instructions, batteries not includedSend before midnight tomorrow, terms available,Step right up, step right up, step right upYou got it buddy: the large print giveth, and the small print taketh awayStep right up, you can step right up, you can step right upC'mon step right up(Get away from me kid, you bother me...)Step right up, step right up, step right up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'monStep right up, you can step right up, c'mon and step right up,C'mon and step right up

Bought this from Amazon.com for $389 US.It's well worth the money.Here are some of the pros:_- Extremely good camera.Photos and videos are better than any other phone even some digital cameras.- The phone is well-built & comfortable in the hand. The aluminium casing not only looks good but is very hard 2 scratch.I prefer the cold smooth feel as opposed to warm plastic of others.- The touchscreen is very good...only maybe some HTC phones have better responsiveness but I haven't been annoyed by it even once.The phone came with a plastic screen covering which I left on & doesn't even hinder the functionality and adds more protection to the super scratch resistant Gorilla Glass...so it will b scratch free for a long time.- The display is superb.Samsungs do look better but only when you look at them side-by-side can you tell the slight advantage they have in resolution and screen size.Cons:_- This is my biggest gripe.The others are more like peeves.The loudspeaker is not as good as my N96(which had 2) and is placed on the back on the camera lens part so when you lay the phone down and it rings you may not hear it.However I simply just stand the phone upright since it's design allows for this and is a neat way 2 show off the phone :)- The battery life isn't as good as other Nokias like the N96 but that's 2 b expected since it is more powerful.- The internal memory should have been 32gb but 16gb should b enough for most.I have >4000 tracks on mine so I'll have 2 put in a 16gb or > card soon.Debatable points:_- I've used Nokia for years (fanboy?) so I'm accustomed 2 their UI & OS so I personally don't find them unintuitive or boring but others may.The N8 OS is much better than the N96.- The number of apps available is limited but I don't play games on my phone so this too doesn't bother me.The preloaded features are > enough for me eg.FM transmitter,Office,etcIn closing I am happy I bought it and hopefully I'l be able 2 get at least 2 years of good service from it.

I am a huge Nokia fan and have owned one since the brick came out 14 years ago.The n8 is a terrific phone but has a lot of bugs in it. The hardware is very good but the software needs help. I am guessing that Nokia released quickly and will update the software soon (hopefully).Pros:Camera is perfect and has replaced all my other cameras. Video has stabilization so you can shoot perfect videos. HD is nice but files are huge (sync takes forever if you record a video).Design is good. Buttons are in good places and the front panel is nicely protected.Symbian OS is very lean (like Linux) and has some good properties (like saving battery life).Phone is lite but still feels sturdy.Cons:Phone has lost the SIM card twice for me. I have seen this is a problem. Not sure why but suspect having phone in pocket is a cause.Old Symbian apps do not work.UI is a little clunky. Also, when on a phone my face touches the screen and activates the buttons. That needs fixed.Not a lot of apps, don't expect a ton of apps until the programmers get the SDK. I tried to get but the process is long and hard.So, I am happy with the phone and for the camera alone, it was worth the price. But I am a little disappointed in Nokia and they need to get the software and apps problems solved.BTW: I borrowed my daughters iPhone 4 and my friends Android to compare. N8 is faster but clunkier and N8's battery lasts way longer.hope this helps.

la calificacion general que le doy a este equipo es un 7.5 de 10.A favor:- 14 Gb de memoria REALES disponibles para musica, fotos, videos, aplicaciones, archivos, etc.- Camara de 12 megapixeles. Las fotos son excelentes! El lente Carl Zeiss hce un estupendo trabajo.- Flash integrado de Xenon- Video en HD.- Servicio de GPS GRATIS en muchisimos paises! Estoy a punto de probarlo fuera de EU. Se pueden descargar mapas actualizados y control de navegacion por voz en distintos idiomas y todo esto no tiene costo alguno.- La calidad de construccion del telefono es simplemente excelente! A diferencia de otros equipos con este no tengo temor de manejarlo "con pinzitas" para no quebrarle la pantalla.- La calidad de llamadas de voz es excelente. Incluso debe tener una antena muy potente porque en mi area de trabajo tengo algunas barras de senal con AT&T; siendo que con otros equipos como sony ericsson o HTC resultaba practicamente imposible tener cualquier tipo de senal en el mismo lugar.- La tienda OVI que es la que provee de aplicaciones a este telefono muestra cada dia mas y mas opciones de donde elegir.- La calidad de sonido del altavoz es muy buena.- El navegador de internet que incluye reproduce la mayoria de contenidos hechos en flash.- Incluye un cable HDMI que se puede conectar a la TV. Asi se mejora por mucho la experiencia con los video juegos.- Incluye ademas un manos libres con audifonos de goma; a calidad de sonido de estos es muy buena.- El equipo tiene un transmisor de FM programable de frecuencia; este sirve para que escuches lo que el celular este reproduciendo en un radio FM cercano sintonizado en la frecuencia programada en el equipo.En contra:* Al sistema operativo Symbian^3 aun le falta mucho por ser amigable con el usuario.* La aplicacion OVI SUITE que sirve para conectar al qeuipo con la PC tampoco es NADA amigable con el usuario.Es demasiado problema pasar musica con listas de reproducion al celular. Despues de casi un mes de uso parece que finalmente ya le estoy encontrando el modo.* No he logrado la sincronizacion de el calendario de Outlook con el equipo. Contacte al soporte de Nokia y me respondieron rapidamente; me pidieron reinstalar el OVI suite; asi lo hice y el problema no se ha corregido.* Le toma hasta segundo y medio en hacer el cambio de pantalla vertical a horizontal y viceversa.* Solo tiene 3 "pantallas" las cuales son personalizables. El problema viene cuando uno llega a tener mas aplicaciones y ya no hay espacio en las pantallas para accesos directos.* La interfaz del reproductor de musica es poco amigable; tiene pocas opciones para el manejo y administracion de la misma en el equipo.* Cuando se esta en llamada se debe tener cuidado de que la misma cara de la persona no este tocando la pantalla; de lo contrario cada toque de pantalla lo lleva a uno a las opciones del menu y cambio de configuracion de lo que se encuentre en el camino.Esa es mi experiencia en general con este equipo. Pretendo conservarlo un tiempo debido al GPS; a la recepcion de senal en mi area de trabajo y a la camara.

This is a great phone,  from the time you open the box, you know with what are you dealing!! To me, nokia is one of the best telecomunication companies, and I really trust in it support...

nokia n8 el software se queda colgado con las descargas, no responde a los comando, la pantalla se bloquea cuando se esta cargando y no permite el acceso al men&uacute; ni a ninguna configuracion, se apaga continuamente y la carga de la bater&iacute;a no dura 24 horas. en navegaci&oacute;n por Internet no dura ni dos horas

I have an android phone(droid), this Nokia N8, and the latest i-touch.Droid is good for business use, but somewhat fragile due to its keyboard. I dropped it for 2 times and now the keyboard's kinda not working well. i-touch/i-phone have a large software library. Their UI are both easier to use than Symbian.However, N8 has the unbeatable camera, free ovi navigation, and ovi store's still pretty big. It is a nerdy phone. But after get familiarized with the OS, you'll find it the best.

... es fantastico dispositivo en comparacion a iPhone, androi o cualquier otro en el mercado. su calidad de video es extraordinaria tanto que no hay mucha diferencia entre grabar con este disposito y con una camara de video en HD y en cuanto a las fotos, es igual en funciones y en calidad a cualquier camara digital del mercado. como telefono/gadget es muy bueno porque nokia ha desarrollado OVI que es el equivalente de apple store para este dispositivo y realmente sus funciones y aplicaciones no tienen porque envidiar a apple. en fin es un muy buen equipo (no se si el mejor) y comprarlo en Amazon es muy buena idea porque ofrecen muy buenos precios, confiabilidad y la entrega es demasiado rapida (a mi me tardo dos dias en llegar). espero que este comentario les de garantia y seguridad por si quieren comprar por este medio.

This nokia device is as I exactly figured out. Everyhing goes greatly with this phone. Tremendous camera. Fast and nice interface. Wonderful GPS, it works fast. I recommend it to everyone.

broke the day after amazon allows returns. nokia customer support &#34;fixed&#34; my phone but did not test it, and sent it broken. they promised me a new phone next day delivery yet had to wait 2 months for them to finally fix it. I hate this phone and will no longer buy nokia products.

Bonjour. Guys I know that many of you have problem with nokia phones. I could tell that had a lot of problems with this device n8, however I did flash my phone with the latest Symbian Belle and its work well. just go online and find Symbian belle and flash it. you will change your mind about n8. Don't worry about it, everything will be fine

I bought the Nokia N8 when it was first released for online purchase back in October.  Since then I've been using this phone ever since.Pros:- The sleek design and big screen draws a lot of attention.- The camera boasts 12mp with xenon flash- Simplistic use with one home button on the side- HDMI connectivity (which I haven't really found a use for yet)Cons: Despite this phone looking great and having a few extra functions that many other phones do not have, this phone is absolutely horrible when it comes to usage and practicality.- The OS, Symbian^3, is horrible and very unresponsive at times.- The gyroscope is incredibly slow. While turning the phone from portrait to landscape view you have to wait at least 1.5 seconds for it to respond.  Competitive phones like the iPhone and androids are much more responsive.- While using the HDMI to use the phone on a bigger T.V./monitor the resolution is just horrible.- Design for the phone is ugly and barely customizable.  Honestly, I don't know why they did this.  The actual phone looks good before you touch it.  The system is slow and looks really choppy.- While texting or doing other things the phone may switch to other applications/screensOverview:  This phone has great aesthetics, however it lacks functionality and practicality.  The OS is slow and very unresponsive at times.  The RAM in the phone is barely enough to do what you really want to do on the phone (stream videos).  The internet access is a piece of crap.  Overall, I give this phone a 2/5 stars.  It's good for making phone calls and taking pictures, but the extra functions need working on.

Amazon delivered this phone in a timely manner. I was excited when I opened the box, immediately turned on the phone and start playing with it.  Surprisingly the phone was already half charged.  A few minutes into it however I realized the screen acted weird.  There were "line" across the screen, and are very obvious.  At first I thought it was intentional, but then realized that the screen is defective.  I googled "nokia defective screen" and sure enough there were tons of hits.  Turns out that the defective screen is a widespread problem among Nokia's N8 and C7 phone, especially ones made after the initial release (October 2010?).  I also noticed the battery got VERY hot after charging the phone for about 20 minutes.  I didn't want to give up, and called one of the Nokia Care center (a designated cell phone shop) listed on Nokia's website, hoping that they'd be able to replace mine with a new phone immediately, since it's still under full warranty.  The representative said they're new to the Nokia Care and don't even have any parts available.  They could fix my phone free of charge (under warranty) but it'd take them weeks since they have to apply for parts from Nokia, wait for shipment, then fix the phone.  Or, they said I could pay $200  and they'd order screens from their own vendor here in the U.S.  They also said the battery is defective since it heats up so quickly, and that I'd also have to pay extra if I don't want to wait for them to "apply" to Nokia.  Like I'm going to pay $200 on top of the $400 I just paid for my brand new phone?  Needless to say, I returned the phone to Amazon immediately, and thankfully they refunded my account in full.It's too bad, this is really a good phone.  I've done extensive research on smart phones, and I thought N8 would best suit my needs and life style.  I don't do social network, or want to pay for expensive data plans.  I just want a good quality phone with strong reception and loud speaker, that has a very good camera (I don't have a digital camera), with many connection options (USB on the go, bluetooth for file transferring, etc), and can also act as a PDA (calendar, contacts, notes, all sync with Google).  Basically  I want the swiss army knife version of a smart phone without the bloat data plan.  And N8 would've been it.  Unfortunately Nokia has completely dropped the ball on quality control.  This incident also made me realize that Nokia has NO PRESENCE whatsoever in the U.S.  Apparently they don't care about this market, and that if something happen to the product I purchased from them, I'd have nowhere to turn to except their mediocre "care center", which can't even function properly because of all the bureaucracy.  I heard Nokia is taking a different turn with Windows Phone 7, where they'll focus more on the North American market.  I hope they do.  I've always liked Nokia phone because of the excellent reception and hardware built; I even like Symbian for what it's worth.  But I'm not going to put my hard-earned money to buy a piece of technology then get little to no support when it breaks (within warranty).  Buyers beware.

Just received the phone and it was Made in Mexico. I applied the purple tint test available on [...] as it is one of the most common problems with the phone. The test came positive so I am returning to Amazon.I would suggest staying away from the product as this issue has been around for around 9month now so I was hoping Nokia fixed it by now but it turned out I was wrong.

I dont know what the issue with my Nokia N8! i recently purchased and its less than a month old and it keeps on freezing with no reason or it wont send any of my text messages and show a message saying it will be re-sending in 3 minutes. its really getting frustrating and annoying.  what are my options now???

Just before leaving for a trip to Italy, the cell phone died. It can't be charged, and it can't be rebooted.  There were no early warning signs, and it had not been used more than ten times to test the sin card and store songs.I am switching to Samsung.

Had this phone for over 3 weeks but just had to return it. Let me tell you this phone has a great quality build and great spec's. The overall hardware is incomparable and really stands out in comparison to that of the competition. The 12 megapixel camera takes outstanding pictures and can easily replace a "point and shoot" camera.. Honestly the phone is an honest good buy but the Symbian OS ruines the whole user experience.I have been an avid Nokia user since the release of the Nokia N95. From there on I have owned the N82, N86 and jumped to the N900 last year. After being spoiled using the Maemo OS found in the N900 I honestly hoped that the Symbian's OS update would catch up and even exceed Maemo which has now evolved into MeeGo thanks to it's partnership with Intel. Sadly Symbian stays way behind and I found myself wanting to throw the phone across the room at times due to the various frustrations it caused.Constant freezing, long wait time, and constant clicking from one thing to another just to get a task done. I love you Nokia but Android and Apple's iOs have left you behind. I'm only hoping that Nokia's next flagship phone has MeeGo OS as it's software platform and maybe I'll jump back and be the happy customer I once was when owning a Nokia device.Overall if your looking to own a phone with excellent call quality, outstanding hardware/build and looking to replace your "point and shoot" camera with a phone then go ahead and make your purchase. But if your out looking for a great overall Smartphone then I recommend you look away from anything running Symbian.

The details show &#34;like new-very good&#34; but the phone doesn't work, it never turn on. Also, I bought 2 and only 1 arrived.

El nokia N8 lo adquiri hace 2 meses atras y todo ha funcionado a la perfeccion. los felicito por los buenos a'rt&iacute;culos que venden. Adem&aacute;s compr&eacute; una memoria de 32gb clase 10 y si me funciono muy bien, ahora practicamente tengo 40 gb que me hacen bien para la buena resoluci&oacute;n que tiene la camara.

I will do a simple pro-con list rather than a detailed review. Hope that helps.Pros:- fabulous fabulous camera (the best on a phone that I have seen, and I have seen a few).- sturdy build, easy to hold. Gorilla glass ensures that you do not have to keep it away from keys.- great display, better in sunlight than most I have seen.- built-in support for full HTML email and chat across all major services.- fast and reliable GPS, offline/online maps. Can easily replace a dedicated GPS unit.- This might be a user-specific thing, but I feel it does a better job of hanging on to the signal that most smart-phones.- nice loud speaker sound, good audio output. My Bose headphones do not feel deprived.- HDMI output, just works.- Can access USB devices directly.- FM transmitter.- Great battery life.Cons:- UI is dated.- App store does not have content to match other eco-systems.- The task/memory manager is very basic. Since it supports true multi-tasking, a heavy user can tend to eat up the RAM pretty fast. Need to remember to close apps.- Battery is not removable.- Can be a bit sluggish at times. Is okay when restarted. This suggests that task manager does not always show you all that is going on.- Symbian is on the way out. That would affect availability of content moving forward.

The nokia N8 is a great phone, the best part about it is that you do't need to carry around a camera with you everywhere you go, everything you need for photos is within one place. thanks PUT group, you've made my day. For a guaranteed phone PUT group is the best place to buy it. Nice doing business with u

I bought this to replace a 2-year old N82 that has taken a beating but is still working fine.  I got it because it has a decent flash like the N82 but has a bigger screen.Good:- The phone felt very solid. The finish and fit were great.  I liked the small touches such as the chamfers around the buttons on the right.- The camera and video capabilities.- Connected to wifi, bluetooth, and USB faster and easier than the N82.- The phone itself was clear and got reception in places where my old phone didn't.- Multitasking was good.  I could have pretty much as many applications as I wanted open without any noticeable lag.- The gps and maps were much faster and include directions.Bad:- The symbian3 did not seem to a whole lot different than the old symbian on the N82, not that I had major problems with the old version. I just expected more obvious visual improvements/updates as compared to a 3-year old phone. Scrolling and swiping worked fine. I never found it "unintuitive" as others claim.  I find I-phones unintuitive but that is because I don't use one on a regular basis.- The Podcasting application was gone. The way the music player handled podcasts also was not as good as the old. Podcasting with the N82 was a pain to setup but worked great after that. With the growing popularity of podcasts, I was hoping the application would have kept and improved, not gotten rid of.  There was a different free podcast program available from symbian, but it was not good IMO.- There was a dead spot on the screen.I returned the unit because of the dead spot. I probably would have kept it if it didn't have the defect.  I may get another one in the future (or wait for the E7)if the podcasting program returns and more firmware improvements are made. I currently don't see enough improvements over my N82 to justify getting another the current price.

I wanted a great camera and I got it! The Belle upgrade is super and battery is awesome. Great device for experienced cellphone user,not a noobie though.has twitter and Facebook  integrated in Nokia Social app and nice free turn by turn nav.

This phone is great for talking or browsing the web. But if you need this phone to have your office on the go and receive and send mails, this is not the one for you. Nokia has a serious problem with its mail servers. Just read the blogs on the internet. Sorry to say this, but I am going back to Blackberry.

Its nice one from Nokia I like the touch is really good the camera is really nice its easy to use

I am satisfied with my Nokia N8. It is a really good smart phone, with excellent detalis. Really nice.I recommend this phone.

I bought this phone back in early March to use in the Middle East. I have not had the oppurtunity to use it on a US network. I have not used any of the location-based apps. I wanted to wait a couple of months before offering my personal opinion because initial impressions usually focus on the positives.Positives:* Camera! Wow! 12MP on a phone. It takes great pictures. The videos are above-average for a phone.* USB-to-Go. Comes in handy.* Real Multi-tasking. You can surf the web and listen to music.* Ability to add up to 32GB of additional memory. I would recommend sticking to 16GB cards because 2 are cheaper than one 32GB card.* Bluetooth works great with my Motorola 305 Headphones and Keyboard. Way better connection than with the iPhone 3GS.* Free Ovi Maps for life.* HDMI-Out.* Total control of phone (file manager, themes, ringtones, etc)Needs improvements:* The OS needs some improvements (when compared to Android and the iPhone).* The Web Browser is super slow. Luckily, Opera is offered in the Ovi Store.* 95% of the apps plain suck. My previous phones were mostly iPhones, the King of Apps. The N8 apps are slow, in my opinion, when compared to the iPhone. Must have something to do with the "slower processor" on the N8.* No eReader app* Movies played off external drive (ie. flash drive) routinely skip. Even with all other programs closed on the N8. I found myself having to copy the movie from the drive onto the phone or SD card. The transfer rate is incredibly slow. It took about 10 minutes to transfer a 700mb movie file.* Music player sucks. It looks pretty. But, it gets hung up sometimes. And, there are no other music players for this mobile OS.* Interface with Mac OS needs improvement. Syncing music and playlists doesn't work as well as originally thought. I have smart playlists on iTunes that continually update (ie. Podcasts, new albums). On the N8, I have to delete the playlist first before syncing with my smart playlists.* Occassionally restarts on its on for no apparent reason. I'll contact Nokia when I get back to the US.Other notes:* The N8 could not run one of my external hard drives (Transcend 640GB) because it needed more power to run spin the drive. However, I ended up attaching an external power source (Scosche SolBAT II Solar Powered Backup Battery and Charger) to the hard drive and the hard drive to the N8. It worked.Bottom Line:  Would I buy this phone again? Not for $400. I purchased the phone when it was $400 from Amazon.com. I waited a few months for it to go down from $500. The N8 is a great phone for $300, in my opinion. The camera, HDMI-out, and USB-to-GO are worth $400 if the OS and apps were up to par. Some of the annoyances can be overlooked if you have another form of "entertainment" (ie. iPad). (N8 Camera, HDMI-out, USB-to-go) + (iPhone apps, music player) = Perfect $500 Phone.

This phone has been working perfect for me. It is more of a phone than a "gadget" (like iPhone and Android phones). If you like Nokia cell phones, you will love this one.

I got the phone, and put in my sim card.I tried turning it on, nothing happened.I charged it for a few hours, tried again, nothing happened.Every once in a while I pressed the power button, it vibrated once, and nothing happened.I returned it.Maybe you'll get lucky, but I'm not willing to take that chance again.

I played a few days with the camera of the N8. It's just plain excellent, macro imaging, panoramas and so on all function very well (and new apps seem to be coming to further improve the usages of the camera!). It's also easy to launch as there is as separate button for the camera. I'd strongly recommend for anyone looking for a backup for SLR  or just looking for a compact camera. N8 fits your pocket very easily, the lens is quite well protected and you can buy extra cover if needed. And there is enough space + networking + apps to easily get the images to photoshop, flickr etc.I was also pleasantly surprised by the media player and other features of the phone. The only thing I don't really like is the swiping "feature" of lagging switching of the home screen. Also, I'm expecting an improvement for the basic web browser - however this is easy to come by by switching the default browser to Opera which you can find from Ovi store.

I saw many bias reviews about this phone, some only pointed out the good, some only pointed out the bad. I am not.Pro: Good call quality, superb reception over other brands, great camera, the first penta-band(850/900/1700/1900/2100) 3G bandwidths which is "unique"!Con: The calls hang up when you put the phone next to your ear, touch screen is not responsive for some applications, lag in some applications, the 3.5" screen is smaller compared to other 3.5" screens, the camera button is too firm to pressI don't complain about the lack of various applications for Symbian^3 as I don't need a lot of applications. But the bugs of the phone kill it.PS. Heard the first software update is coming in January. Hope it will fix all the problems and I will fall in love with it again!

I just received the phone and the top of the phone is cracked - where it reads HDMI and at the left bottom edge of the screen - a crack could be seen when turning the cellphone on/off or in low lightsPlease advise my option since I am concern that the crack will spread!!!

I just bought this phone a couple days ago.Comparing N8 photos vs iPhone photos:- iPhone screen is 960x640, while N8 screen is 360x640.- A picture when enlarged will look more blurry on the N8, compared with the same picture enlarged on the iPhone.- This doesn't mean the N8 camera takes blurry pictures.- This means the screen resolution is better on iPhone- This means the camera is better on N8.The bad quality UI complaints are mostly due to the 3rd party widgets included from YouTube, CNN, BBC, National Geographic, Paramount movie previews.My phone crashed (UI got stuck) due to some third party app, and I tried to remove the battery (as with most other phones) but couldn't.I realized I did not need to remove the battery...just press the power button for 5-8 seconds and the phone will reboot.BTW, if you'd ever need to replace the battery yourself, just use a small "allen key" type screwdriver.The Nokia N8 multiple home screens are a great way to organize yourself and reduce phone screen clutter.If you need a portrait mode qwerty keyboard, swype or dayhand maybe interesting options for you.I personally need a qwerty keyboard in portrait mode.Keep in mind that qwerty keyboard is just a burden for most people (esp. older people in Asia).Such people will be content with just reading messages, sending a few "very short" messages with the T9 keypad...while making a lot of calls and taking a lot of pictures anytime anywhere.Among the things I love about this phone:1. N8 is able to play all sorts of vdo file formats.2. Camera gives you 12MP pictures, and HD video! Just make sure to peel the plastic off the lens on the back.3. Connectivity cables included (usb to thumb drive, usb to pc/mac, hdmi to tv is flawless)4. Multi-tasking5. Long battery life6. Internet, Email, or Web Connectivity can be set to be via "WLAN only" or "WLAN preferred" or "3G only", etc.You can minimise mobile operator fees as you like.7. Combine Push Email with your choice of network connectivity via WLAN and you start to save money with the lower phone bill.This is my opinion on the iPhone vs N8 issue...- US journalists/bloggers who write N8 reviews are mostly new to Nokia/Symbian.So they will only "evaluate" their comfort level with the N8...for just a couple of days.They admit (very briefly) that "I'm an iPhone user, I tried to use N8 for x days", before they start hammering the N8.- N8 gives you the gear to lower your phone bill- Hackers have traditionally been about lowering their AT&T; phone bills. Many in Silicon Valley, including Steve Jobs, grew up with this mentality. Nokia probably realize this and gives you a choice...the press is not giving Nokia the credit for giving you the freedom.- Nokia N8 robust hardware will still be handy after many years of use and software updates.Part of the "UI problem" is due to the less tightly structured Symbian UI development kit, by allowing 3rd party developers the freedom to create their own look and feel.So each app on Symbian can have a different UI structure and user's experience may not very be consistent across different apps even though they are using the same device (N8).The less tight structure of Symbian APIs has proved to be a strength as Symbian has evolved to support a much larger variety of hardware types with different phone form factors:- some touch screen- some T9 keypad- some qwerty keypadNokia, as a leading phone manufacturer, offers a larger choice of phone form factors for a larger customer base...that's the reason Nokia is a leading phone manufacturer.Each form factor will be preferred by different types of users, since there is a much wider consumer base.Many business users will prefer a qwerty keyboard.Many users will prefer a T9 keypad and find the qwerty keyboard a distraction with too many buttons...for example, they usually do not do a lot of texting or type on a computer keyboard.Many people like the "feel" of a touch UI...but that also means that each app is more likely to have "touch buttons" on a different location of the screen.That means touch UI phones require the users to "look before you touch".That means with the keyboard or keypad, users can "feel" as they "touch" the phone buttons without looking.

Bought phone to replace N97 which is giving me RAM memory problems. After long doubting wether to go with N8 or iPhone, finally choose for N8 although a little worried about the turning off issue.During set up phone turned off and impossible to turn on again, neither get it into battery charging mode. Very disappointed.Update 19.12.2010 -  Amazon sent me to Nokia and to come back to them if encountering any problems with Nokia. No response from Nokia! Maybe assistance on working days only, so maybe tomorrow?Found on internet additional hard reset besides maintaining power key for 8 seconds: Press menu - camera - volume down keys together. Than try again power key for 8 seconds until phone vibrates. Could get phone to turn on and charge battery. It died several more times, but could get it alive this way again. After several days it seems stable now.As a comment found on internet: it is like buying a new BMW/Mercedes having to ask road assistance to start it!!Update 24.12.2010 - After 4 days it died again being able to start it up again after waiting a few hours doing the same tricks again. Than once more it turned off. Decided to turn it in to go for another brand/model. Amazon customer service has been helpfull, Nokia Care by e-mail is useless, they don't answer.Update 05.01.2011 - Thumb up for Amazon customer service, professional and on time. Nokia Care responded after 9 days, allready returned the phone, sending a standard message that the phone needed a technician and repairs (!!)I answered the e-mail, but no reply. Shame Nokia with this very very poor respond to this global problem (see Nokia internet forums).Update 27.05.2011 - After 5 months Nokia responds to my email indicating that I have to go to another Internet site and send in again my claim!!! Incredible!! They realy don't have a customer service sence!!

Me parece que este celular es excelente, la camara de 12 Mp espectacular, le compre al vendedor Amazon 100% responsables, el celular llego en perfectas condiciones a Venezuela.

HOLA BUENOS DIAS ME PREOCUPA NO ME HA LLEGADO EL PRODUCTOAPESAR DE QUE DICEN QUE YA FUE ENTREGADO NO EXITO PUES NO ES  ASI

It can take being rolled over by a car with no more than a scratch! Incredible durability! I do have a problem with the software. It's ol and it's been discontinued.

The Nokia N8 that I've received turns off, freeze and is very difficult to turn it on again (generally it breaks) during initial start. It seems a manufactoring problem as shown in [...]My real concern is that I'm from Brazil and asked for a friend(that was travelling) to buy and bring the cell phone from USA for me. Nokia Brazil Repair Center says that can't repair an item bought in USA and I can't send the phone to the USA because I don't have an american valid address.So it seems that I will have to live with this problem and this is the cause I didn't like the product.

This is a nice handset. The battery life is amazing compared to android handsets. I own Samsung Vibrant, HTC G1, and HP veer. Nokia N8 is really great for an entry level smart phone. If you rely heavily on Google services, this isn't the handset for you. If you want a device that is very good at the specific tasks of: Navigation, Taking Photos, Media Playback, texting, email and phone calls, this is a great choice. I load up my micro sd and listen to podcasts broadcast to the FM radio in my car on my daily commute. I never have to worry about charging my phone at work. The picture quality is fantastic in regular lighting. The set up was WAY more complicated than I have ever experienced on any handset. It is a good buy for a basic user. My biggest gripe is that there is no way to sort the app reviews in the App Store by language! I have to pass 50 or so arabic, spanish, and italian reviews before I see one English app review that says "cool".

Excellent product n service. The shipment went as advertize and the item came in without issues. Great job done by all involved.

Very happy with cell phone! My son is going to purchase this same phone in another color. He did lots of research about this phone and he recommended it to me I am surprising very, very happy. Great phone Nokia! I have always had black berry phones so I thought it would be hard for me to get used to it but, it is very user friendly Love it.

Had an experience of using both iphone 4 and Nokia N8 phone; While iphone 4 is unbeatable interms of some of the features like the amazing "Retina" display etc., Nokia N8 stands out just because of the flexibility it offers; To simply put - it gives me much more freedom while using the phone - in terms of basic functions which a common (smart phone) user like me does..- Got a good song to hear - just DOWNLOAD it (instantly) to your phone - to play it whenever you want (even when no network - or without worrying about the Datacharges)- Copy files to & from the Nokia device - without the need to rely on the proprietory utilities - You do not even need a computer to transfer - it allows transfer to Pen-drives directly using the supplied cables- Carry the phone to anypart of the world - without the headache of unlocking or breaking the version etc.,- Gives me flexibility to have 48 GB memory with no extra cost..- To listen to music using the amazing headphones (that comes along with the device) is truly great - I feel like listening the songs from a theater.- MOST IMPORTANT - the 12 MP in-built camera - WOW! what an amazing feature - this device is awesome in the pictures..- the advantage of Nokia - interms of Sturdy nature, long battery time - are all there - unsung...On top of these - after using the symbian OS in the earlier smart phones like the Nokia E71 - I am getting a much surprising stunning experience while using the OS in Nokia N8 - Dowload speeds is really admirable;I am very happy with this device and more happy that I have returned the iphone 4 - within the 30 day return period

I bought this phone in April 2011 as a present. So the shipping was fast and I thought that Amazon sells only legit products, but I was wrong.After I got the package, I opened the box turned it on, started to browse default videos, but suddenly it turned off and began to restart. I thought ok may be because it is new it needs time to adjust. Then I give this phone as a present for a birthday, and shucks this person calls me after several weeks and says that I bought a forgery product because whenever she opens an application the phone restarts itself. Whenever you talk on this phone it restarts, she watches video from memorable event, restarts again. So, now this person thinks that I bought it somewhere on a black market and stopped to talk to me.Thank you Amazon for such a wonderful waste of my $400.

Es un excelente movil, con caracteristicas unicas respecto a otros moviles, como HDMI, USB, reproduccion de videos de muchos formatos, rapido, recomendado para quienes les gusta un dispositivo multitarea.

Hi I think the Nokia N8 is a very good smart phone, it has a perfect camera.  the only problem is when I bought other gray Nokia N8, Amazon sent me a blue one. I hope this time they send me the gray one.

I'm using this product by two years and I never have had problems with it. It's small, fast, elegant and very useful. Despite it doesn't have a commercial OS, not significate you won't have thousands of applications. Nokia has been taking care of they users until now by giving the last applications in the Ovi Store. Also, software developers haven't forgotten os symbian users. The price is good for all the wonderful things that Nokia N8 does. In summary, I strongly recommend this cell phone to every one who wants to have a very good experience with a low price.

i am Amazon regular costumer whenever i buy anything from amazon i feel so happy but this time they make me so disappointed,i love the Nokia phones and i buy Nokia N8, this make me so mad because its not charging, battery have something problem in it and this time i am saying i waist my money..

Pros..1. Free navigation2. True multi tasking3. Good quality video recording4. HDMI connectivity5. Flash supportIssue..1. The phone is not designed well, You need to have a good quality case for this phone. If you use without case then the camera lens would get scratches easily2. The quality of Apps you get in OVI store is much less when compared with Apple or Android stores.3. I used it with my T-Mobile USA pay as you go, for some reason the phone gets restarted once it loses the tower4. Many times, it just got switched off even though I had full battery on it.5. The in-built browser is very bad..!!Over all, it is not worth the money..instead go for iPhone or Android phones.Thanks to Amazon, I returned it after using 3 months and got the 100% refund. I'm happy with iPhone now.

amazon me cheated, henceforth all my purchases and negative calificare until I return what belongs to me. informare addition to all the people in my country, through social networks. Amazon does not guarantee the purchase of my country

Nokia has always launched excellents phones but I reckon this one is the best. Nice performance, excellent pics and videos. Easy sharing. Nice app.Only CON: Ovi store is not launching many apps so  I have to let it go for a Droid.NOKIA, it is time to use Androids in your phone. Windows sucks.  :)

Bought this to replace my trusty Nokia E71.  Looking for fullscreen email and browsing phone, although my primary need is great call call quality anywhere in the world.  I'm not a big apps person and only a moderate texter, Twitterer and Facebook user.Bottom line, the phone was returned.  Music player interface was too clunky (can't play find/play a song only artist from shuffle mode), automatic Bluetooth connection with my Acura was too hit or miss (E71 is consistently rock solid with the same car)and QuickOffice not included (must be purchased separately). eMail w/ embedded HTML still does not work within Mail for Exchange.Liked the fullscreen email and browser, but the navigation was clunky (not just different, unintuitive). Having the larger screen does make browsing and emails much easiser to read and reply to.  The screen is great both for reading and typing.  Didn't miss the hard keys as much as I thought I would, although I agree with the other posts that a portrait keyboard would be nice for those of us used to one-handed typing.As with all Nokias, call quality and battery life were awesome.  I was nervous not being able to swap batteries on multi-day trips to India and China but the N8 battery had enough capacity for the one trip I made while I had it.As the price as come down, the N8 is worth it for you gadget people and people that need a fullscreen phone.  For those of us who just want something that works, an E71 or perhaps an E72 is just fine.

I had this phone for over a month and I am quite happy I got it. It works great on T Mobile service. Why get this phone instead of others? I did not want to be tied to a service that had limited data plan and T Mobile had unlimited data plan that was very reasonable in price. Since iPhone4 does not work well with T Mobile, that cut the choices to a few.I had prior experiences with Nokia phones and how bullet proof was and I so I went with this one especially when it showed up during Christmas' Lightning Deals. Nokia makes great hardware but software could be their weak spot. This phone is already over year old and that means the Symbian OS for this phone will have most of the bugs out. I was an early adopter for the N900 and that is the lesson I learned. There are many annoyances and aggravations if you are an early adopter. I will make some comparison between this N8 and N900 that I had for 2 years.I am an amateur photographer and love snapping pictures and having a good camera was a must. The N8 filled that bill. I know that 12 megapixels for a small lens was overkill but boy do the pictures come out good! The HD videos from this phone is beyond impressive. I took night videos of Christmas light and they came out crisp and sharp. Photographing at night still is limited and shows high noise and that is not a surprise given the small lens diameter. The larger diameter lens you have, the better light gathering capability you have. That is why DSLR is the best camera to have if you want to take pictures in the dark with no flash (and a very steady hand or tripod! and a very fast lens!). The N8 comes with Zeiss Tessar lens with 2.8 aperture and that gives you the edge on pictures taking that other smartphone camera will fail. There has been a feature film shown in movie theater that had been shot totally with the Nokia N8. Albeit done with a Canon lens in front of it with adapters that seem to be custom made. I have Canon lens and looking for adapters for it myself!! The N900 had a great camera cover that one manually opened to use the camera and kept the lens clean. The N8 is exposed and therefore got dirty. I was looking into a protective film and read that it was not a good idea. So I have to clean that front lens quite frequently when taking pictures. There are several apps available for camera and I do like one app that can morph and do funny things to the photo while taking it. I had lots of fun with my friends that way. The N8 own camera app had good integration with Facebook and I was able to share easily with my friends and they are amazed how the pictures look. HD video is not easy to share if it is more than certain size for obvious reason.The main purpose of a phone is able to make phone calls, right? In this way this phone excels. The speakerphone is clear and sharp and very loud (necessary for me as I have hearing impairment). I do not like holding phone next to my ear because I get radiation burn on my skin where the phone was. The ability to make phone call is easy on this phone. One could set up one touch dial to call a frequently called number or even do speech command.Emails on this phone is great. I was able to set up Google and Yahoo quite easily. On N900 I could not get Yahoo has I did not have POP Yahoo mail (that was for an extra fee for Yahoo POP Mail). For some reason on the N8 I could set up Yahoo which is great! The N8 also gives you options for other emails like Hotmail etc. The emails were very readable and the new Anna update made emails even better by highlighting the ones not read yet. For entering text, I do miss the physical keyboard of the N900 but the screen keyboard using Swype is just great. Swype I heard is available on Android too.Screen: The screen is very readable and pretty responsible to touch. Occasionally I have noted some freeze up and I had to shut if off and restart. It seems to be happening less often the more I use it. I try to be very careful which app I am going to add to prevent issues. This Nokia N8 has the same chip as the older N900 (which is more than 2 yrs old) but I find it is FASTER and more responsive than the older N900. Which shows you the effect of a lean and mean OS has on the usability of the product. The older N900 had higher screen resolution than the N8 and yet the N8 seems to be brighter and more readable. The N8 screen was difficult to see in sunlight while N900 was easy to read. So this is a step backward.Battery life is excellent! Can run whole day and charge it at night. Nice thing is that it has two ways to charge it. Via the microUSB or the Nokia proprietary jack that was previously used in old Nokia cell phones. Nice thing is if you are using the microUSB for something like hooking up with an external hard drive or for a keyboard, you can still charge it.Why 4 stars instead of 5? Like I said, the software sometimes freezes and I have to do a hard shutdown.ADDENDUM Feb-2012: Nokia upgraded the N8 Symbian software to the Belle and I did upgrade to it and it is like getting a new phone!! I love how easy it is to shut off the Bluetooth and WIFI to lengthen the battery life when you do not need it. The phone is so much fun to use!! I had been taking lots of pictures with it and the night time shots without flash is just amazing!! The Belle also upgraded the desktop to six different ones that you can put your own shortcuts and widgets. The email app is excellent. The Facebook app is also excellent and very usable. The Swype method typing is just great and it makes my texting so much easier so that I do not miss the tactile keyboard that I thought I would miss. Battery life is still excellent. Way better than any smartphones I had used. One still needs to charge every night to make sure you do not have a dead phone next day. The Belle upgrade also upgraded the camera app and it is so good that I do not feel I need another app for taking pictures.Addendum March-2012: I had experienced some freezing issues when I was editing pictures that I had taken with the cell phone camera. It was simply solved by using the main power button and holding it until it shuts off then restarting again. The photo app comes with editing suite that includes adding bubble text, graphics and changing contrast settings and so forth. So you can do some few Photoshop type tricks on your cell phone pictures. I just love this feature of this camera phone! I think for around three hundred dollars and a few change, you get one of the best pocketable camera with video plus one of the best GPS with voice instructions with free updated maps for MOST countries in the world for no extra charge, plus phone that actually works great and a much better bluetooth implementation. The bluetooth is so sensitive that I was able to be in a restaurant and the bluetooth speaker in the car parked in the lot still was able to be in contact with my phone. Of course this is not what you want but it demonstrates the sensitivity of bluetooth for this phone that was not there in many other phones.

Okay so this was initially a 1 star review for no fault of Amazon.com but Nokia because the N8 i bought through Amazon was bad, it rebooted, froze etc. I got in touch with Amazon and they sent me a new one on overnight shipping. Many thank to Amazon.com for prompt service and great customer care. This unit now works great so far, its 3 days now, i have it going into the 4th day, got it on June 14, 2012. The Symbian belle update will cause the phone to not play flash content such as videos that are on your favorite websites like youtube.com(desktop version) so if watching flash videos are your thing then right now this not gonna do that for you. i have no complaints as it relates to the hardware of the device, it feels really solid. the Belle update works good too minus the inability to load flash content, funny enough you will see ad banners work, but if you wanted to stream a embedded video its a no go for that, its been 6-7 months since the release of the Belle update and still Nokia has not corrected the adobe flash problem so im not sure what happening there. I do wish that Nokia gave it more memory on the C: drive. The tiny 256Mb is a joke when the mass memory has some 14Gb of storage...lol, i wonder what is the reasoning behind that???? oh the front camera not that great either. it does take picture but it would seem like a 0.3 or 1 mega-pixel, a 1.3 mega-pxl would have compliment the rear 12mp. Well like i said its a good phone, but Nokia has yet to fix the issue of playing embedded flash content and the C: drive or phone memory is too low (256Mb), im a keep mine for now and see if Nokia gonna fix the Flash issue.-UPDATESo in regards to the flash player, im not sure if there will be an update for the Belle that will allow us to watch flash content embedded on websites or stream from youtube desktop site as the current flash lite 4 does not support those contents. if you get the phone stick to Anna DO NOT update, or you wont be able to play flash.

Phone is outdated next to I phone and the android phones. There are many apps that you cannot get with the Nokia phone. The only great feature about the phone is the joikuSpot app which is about the best app for tethering wi fi.

This is by far the best nokia phone ever, the camera is better than most point and shoot digital cameras, and i like the way the phone lays when placed on the table because of the camera protrusion, it does feel unique. The N8 loves the internet, if it has access to fast internet, this phone means serious entertainment. Long gone are the days i downloaded google maps because ovi maps were not that good. The current version of ovi maps does actually make google maps look a lite version of navigation app. I love my N8!!

I found this as an excellent phone with a great camera. I do not need to carry two devices. Just one does both functions and that too in a very efficient manner.Call quality is also great even in the market places. Images are sharp and crisp. Videos are also very nice.Over all a very nice phone.

Yo vivo en venezuela y me sirvio perfectamente, super facil de manejar y muy buen dise&ntilde;o aunque me parece un poco grande en comparaci&oacute;n con otros telefonos inteligentes, la camara es excelente al igual que sus aplicaciones.

I love this phone. It was love for the first sight. :) I like the color (green), it is very well made and the size is just perfect. The camera is amazing! The gps works without data plan. Sometimes it needs a little time to start navigation, but it works well. I used it in Europe, I didn't have any problem. I just changed the sim card what I bought there, I downloaded the map and used it. The battery life is very good too. Using the camera it doesn't bother the battery, but when I use the navigation or chatting on skype I have to charge end of the day.

This is a good phone for the price of less than 540. The GPS function is great and the camera is amazing. The weight is perfect and the size is good. The touchscreen is sensative. The only drawback is that the color of the plastic area doesn't match the metal body. Also, the silver paint around the menu switch can see the white light and the paitn didn't cover the light completely.

This phone lasted for exactly one week. After a couple of days i noticed it would freeze for 1 second here and there but i thought no biggie. After a week, the phone completely froze on me, could not power off, and you cannot remove the internal battery without a screwdriver so i had to wait over an hour for it to be able to restart it. Once the phone booted up again, all my settings on my phone was reverted.KEYBOARD? 0 starsI never got used to the phone. Yes it does have swype, BUT only horizontally. Whats the point of swype in that position? its not like you can swype with 2 fingers to make words. So your stuck with typing out words without auto-text, and with a screen keyboard thatl make you retype words. If you wanna try to get comfortable typing like this be my guest.Overall feel? 0 starsI tried very hard to like this phone. I gave it lots of chances. I think i was too amazed by the 12 megapixel camera attached to it that i decided to stay with the phone. But in the end if you don't count the camera, the phone is not great. Maybe the phone being faulty was a godsend. Heres to hoping amazon refunds.P.S.Theres a reason why most people use typically the same type of phone, and its because its reliable. Check out nokias website, they admit they produced faulty nokia n8's and they SAY that everythings okay now, but you've been warned.

It is a very good phone with many features in it. I just love the HDMI connectivity to the TV....so just coz of this feature I need not connect my laptop to the TV and watch a movie if I want to. It's 12 MP camera is also amazing....dude 12MP cam means u dnt need a point n shoot camera if u r out. It also turns into a 3G WiFi hotspot which is also amazing. There are a few flaws in the OS that the phone restarts automatically sometimes, sometimes the sensors get turned off automatically so the screen stops rotating. But I mean if you are ok with such small things the it is a very good phone. A person who is anti iPhone, it is a very good choice for him.I have had some issues with Nokia N8 and amazon.com gave me a replacement and its perfectly fine....I am very happy with it. I can say that Nokia N8 is a first Nokia phone that i liked so much.

I bought this because it was on sale here & it had features I really wanted but couldn't get anywhere else at the price: 1. it was unlocked 2.) I could use it internationally 3.) it had free gps 4.) it had a really good camera w/ video.This thing has been nothing but a nightmare & I will never buy another Nokia product ever again because of it. The hardware seems to be pretty good, if only the software worked so I could use it. I have never spent so much time trying to trouble shoot with an electronic device.1.) I need to connect via wifi because I don't have a data plan. After the latest update, wifi will simply not work for any native Nokia application, furthermore every application I try hangs & only tells you "connection failed" after several minutes preventing you from even using the phone for anything else. However, for some reason the Opera browser will connect to the internet because it has it's own wifi prompt within the application, so I know it's not a problem with the modem wherever I am.2.) I was able to use the gps inititially, but with the last update my maps disappeared & I have no way of getting them back (because wifi doesn't work & you can only update maps on a Windows computer, not on a Mac).3.) When it was working I installed some free applications from Nokia's webstore & all of them just wreeked havoc on the phone. I wish I could go back to the way the phone was when I first bought it but...4.) There is no way to "restore" your phone to factory settings. There's no dvd you can install original software onto it as you can with an iphone. Once the phone has been updated, you can't go back.5.) The phone doesn't save info when you update. I thought I did, but when it happened, it wouldn't update contacts etc. When I type in a number someone's name come's up after I've already typed the full number....so the information is hiding in there somewhere, but it won't load into contacts, nor doestyping a single number prompt any contacts because the contacts app is blank.6.) Nokia's customer service is poor. Get ready to peruse many user forums to find answers to everything.7.) GPS is spotty. Sometimes it loads the address you type in, but many times it doesn't....Sometimes shaking your phone helps to make gps work, sometimes it doesn't....and sometimes after you've given up & thrown the thing on the floor & it's been lying there for ten minutes, half way into your trip a voice suddenly tells you to turn left.8.) There are probably 100 more things that have been driving me up a wall, the long & short: I have easily spent over 100 hours to get this thing to work to just its most minimal capacity. I have had it & will never buy another Nokia product ever again.

Like many other owners, I have an N8 that shuts itself off and on a few times, and finally, doesn't turn back on again.  I sent it back for repair and it still does it.  Great potential but doesn't matter if it won't turn on!  This last time it did it with videos and photos of my little boy decorating the Christmas tree. Sad.

is awsome phone.before i use n900,and now i use that phone.ibuy two phone. i trust nokia product. easy to opret  any one.

Compre un Nokia N8 para llevarlo a Venezuela, el telefono se cuelga, no lee chip y la garantia solo funciona en USA, lo cual le saldra mas caro que comprar un blackberry.Si viven en America Latina no compren este telefono, NOKIA no tiene garantia internacional y perderan su dinero o tendran un lindo pisapapeles de 400 usd.NOKIA no deberia ofrecer garantia solo local en un mundo globalizado y donde ofrecen productos de tecnologia, es incoherente y vergonzoso que el comercio electronico este en aumento pero las compa&ntilde;ias se quedaron atras.

I just bought the Nokia N8 and i think you get a great product for the price you pay. Maybe it is not as fancy and hyped as an iPhone or an Android based phone but it is really cool and you get a lot of stuff that clearly exceeds the iPhone or an HTC Android phone.To put things in perspective let me just say that my wife bought (almost at the same time) the Samsung Galaxy S and we've been comparing the two phones over the last couple of weeks and these are my thoughts:In the Nokia N8 you get a 12 megapixel camera capable of shooting HD video and also capable of displaying it on a TV really easily thanks to its HDMI socket and cable included in the bundle package. Besides you get a Xenon Flash.In the Samsung Galaxy you get a 5 mega pixel camera WITH NO flash y with no capacity to shoot HD video.On the other side, the internet navigation is much better on the Samsung Galaxy, it is as smoth as if you were on your PC, while on the N8 it is sluggish and sometimes the phone crashes. But this only happens when you try to load big web pages. If you are trying to read your mail o read some light web sites the N8 will work just as well.The screen is almost the same on both phones in terms of brightness and sharpness, the only difference is that it's a little bigger on the Samsung, but they are almost the same.Anoter thing that i think it's better on the Galaxy is the Android Market, you get thousands of Apps there, while on the Ovi site you get a lot of Apps but they are not as diverse and cool as the Android ones, but i think this is going to get better with time, Nokia still has a lot of work to do in this field and i think they are in the right direction.Finally i would like to comment this, the overall quality of the phones is way much better in the Nokia N8. And let me explain why,In the Nokia N8 you get a hard cased phone thanks to its anodized aluminium case with gorilla crystal on the screen, so this means that your phone can take a beat and come out intact. While on the other hand, in the Samsung you get a phone that comes with a plastic case really light but really fragile and i'm not sure, but the screen doesn't look like a gorilla one. So this phone is going to be really damaged if you don't handle it with care.The price for both phones is very similar, so the decision would have to lie on what do you prefer the most. A tough really well made phone with a lot of functionalities and superb multimedia features such as a HD camera or a fragile but really agile and quick web surfing phone with a very powerfull Operating System such as the Samsung Galaxy.If it was up to me, i would make myself a Nokia N8 with the Android OS. That would be the perfect phone.

I used to buy Nokia phones because they were resilient, reliable, and seemed to have good quality control.No more.I spent a hefty amount on this phone. It worked for the first three months, but then I moved abroad (to Ghana) and it suddenly froze. It hasn't worked since. I bought an X2 but the camera was awful, so I bought a C-3. The C-3 began breaking into pieces, literally.Nokia has fallen behind in the mobile phone market, and it seems they have gotten rid of quality control to save costs. What a shame, because all those years ago when I traveled internationally, Nokia was a reliable phone to have.

The phone is really unlocked and ofcourse with excellent nokia workmanship. I just inserted my tmobile sim and it was up and running. The call quality is good. i had no issues what so ever with this phone. wi-fi connection was a breeze....love this phone. I do not have a data plan but am connected most of the time to my home wi-fi and cable vision wi-fi hot spots when i am on the go. The GPS works flawless. Takes a little longer to connect to GPS signal but once connected does a excellent job.......strongly recomend this phone

Hi.First of all, there's a lot of reviews out there, some are dead on and others are plainly going to extremes (bad reviews).I'll to try to keep mine closer to facts.Shipping and hardware. I've got mine in no time and excellent conditions. The phone is awesome looking and it's built with the excellence of Nokia hardware. The battery will last 3 to 4 days on a modest usage, and 1 and half days when using lots of apps and data transactions. 0 complaints in this area.Call and SMS. Great call quality, great loudspeaker quality and the SMS app or "Conversatios" as it's called are great. So, purely on the cell phone aspect, this is truly one of the best (compared to my wife's iPhone 4, 0 dropped calls or bad calls).Camera and Video Recorder. This is THE strong point of this phone. Great pictures and the video is gorgeous (720 HD). Has a couple of editing tools (for both images and video), but, you know, nothing you didn't have already on your PC. Score a solid 10 on this.GPS. I had an XpressMusic 5800 before this, and this was one of my favorite qualities (one of very few). In this phone the navigation (using ONLY gps) is faster and overall, it's awesome. Love the fact that data connection is totally optional and the tools and maps are being updated often. So another big 10 on this aspect.Radio & FM Transmitter. Not that they are directly related, but the two worked great. No problems at all on the radio side (I use it on a daily basis). On the FM Transmitter I did have problems of connection at first, but all it took was to change the default frequency (in my case from 90.0 to 90.5) and that was it, worked great! Another 10!Video viewer. I love the fact that I can see (in excellent quality) movies here and, if needed, transmit them (via HDMI) to a TV. The formats, well, I copied an M4V file (ripped one of my DVD's using HandBreak) to the phone and ended up converting it, automatically, to WMV, so it took like an hour to do this, but maybe there are easier ways :P. Anyways, another 10.Apps. The truth is that although there are a lot of applications (some good, some not so much), it doesn't compare (and it probably will never) to either the store of Apple or Android. But it does have most basic stuff. Lets call this a not to solid 7.O.S. Well, now we come to the REAL aspect in which this phone falls way back. So, for starters this is way faster and responsive than the XpressMusic (if any users are thinking on upgrading), but to be honest, the real valid comparison should be to, for example, a Nexus One (Android) or iPhone 4. I mention this two because I have tried both. So, I'm just gonna say that the OS is like half the speed of the Nexus One and a third of the stability of the iPhone 4 :SBut let's not compare, shall we, or we'll go through a dark and very popular path. Lets just say that with the first software update (PR1.1) most instabilities and errors have been fixed. The phone it's 80% of the time pretty "fluid" while navigating through the interface and using most apps. Still has some "hanging" problems (reset not needed, only needs some seconds people :P), but not as bad as the beginning (I would say that at first it was only fluid 60% of the time). I'm hoping that further updates will keep refining the overall OS.And, FYI, although Nokia has made a partnership with Microsoft, they have said (and clarify it in BIG BOLD letters), they will continue to maintain the Symbian's phones, so I'm pretty sure updates will still come (at least a couple more). Oh yeah, for anyone who cares, this whole OS thing, well I give it a 7 (with update considered).So anyways, just to sum up my review, this phone (as you can see from the "scores") is a very interesting smart phone with great features and although in the OS department it falls way short to some of its main competition, it still has great strong advantages.Lets say that if you mainly use the calendar, email (sync both to your outlook and/or Gmail!), camera, video recorder, video viewer, PURE GPS navigating, calling/SMS (duh!) and minor to mild usage of apps, this phone is a great option.If you mainly want it to have great (or the best) apps and because of it need the phone to run flawlessly, spend and extra 150 to 200 dollars and buy an Nexus One, HTC Desire or an iPhone 4.In my case, I'm in the first group, so, I'm pretty happy the phone.Hope it helps.

I was a Nokia follower for like ever, until I bought this new from Amazon, used it for about a year no issues solid phone good signal, good camera even some decent apps and great free GPS.Almost right after the warranty expired this phone started to behave like it was posessed, started to turn off on it's own, started to say no sim card, started to drop the signal, updated to latest software from Nokia still same issues if not worse, I really tried to like this phone but believe me it's not worth it for the headaches.unfortunately I waisted almost $500 on this POS, save your money even if you get it cheap don't venture look elsewhere.

I got this phone for my friend who leaves in RUSSIA. he is very happy with this phone. Works great!

I would like to know what happend with my order because it is like delivered but it doesn't arrive yet.I made my request  30-11-2010 and it was delivered at office 6-12-2010. But not at the adress yet.

the item you buy it without bill sent to the mailbox miami which caused problems and to ship to my country.

I was a bit hesitant about the n8 on seeing the hardware//battery issues posted by numerous users. I have had the phone for two weeks now and have not had any problems-so far. I had to refer to the manual a few times even though I am quite tech savvy. Works very well once you get used to using all the features. I have had the iphone3 before-gave that to my daughter and now prefer the n8.

I have been a Nokia man for a while now. I have had the Nokia N95 8gb for over 2 1/2 yrs and my wife has had the N82. Im a big fan of the NSERIES. This phone is just the bomb. I was looking to get my wife a new camera, but why? 12mp camera and you can crop, edit, frames etc etc. For $550, it was definitely worth it for my wife's birthday. It has it all and makes the dumb Iphone a thing of the past. If you want the best technology and the best quality, the Europeans been had it. Video call? Nokia has had that for years and I have that on my previous phones I bought in 07. Nokia phones last and last. My n95 is still good as new and I expect my wife's phone to last another 3 yrs at least. You can't go wrong. I use it with ATT and it really fast. Faster then the N95. Just take out your SIM and pop it in and your GTG. No need to call ATT and you don't have to pay extra either like all the crazy Iphone/blackberry people do for "new plans". Nuff said.Peace Out

I bought this Nokia N8 phone unlocked GSM phone as a birthday gift for my friend. Usage was below average. All of a sudden in October 2012, all the text messages are staying in outbox but not delivering. Called Nokia for fix and they couldn't fix the issue over phone. They asked us to send the phone to Florida to their Technical center. No follow up was from their part. Called again and all the calls are being answered from Philippines. They said the phone was send to Philippines since the center in Florida is closed. No follow up or information for another month...Today we called and we are told that they destroyed the phone without our consent!!My friend is without a phone for last two months. ( what a terrible birthday gift I chose!!!)Please do not buy this phone. The Nokia service team is lacking any customer service sense.

The phone that I received was very obviously USED, not new as described on the Amazon site.  The &#34;do not accept if seal is broken&#34; seal was broken. In addition there were at least 25-35 contacts saved to the phone memory.  If zero stars was an option for rating this purchase, I would have selected zero.

Just bought a Nokia N8 it brand new in box got home open it try it on the head set doesn't work at all .I try to used another Nokia head set it work but the one brand new in box not working at all.

The only flaw is that the ovi store is incompatible with Mac, that means I could not synchronize it with my computer. others are all good, pretty good.

Good design!Very nice display!One of most my favorite phone!Good battery and signal is strong.I like it:)

This new n8 has a bit different sofeware compare to the first version...can't down load some needed Nokia App. That's all.

Es  un buen telefono tiene muchas caracteristicas de muy buena utilidad, facil de usar y muy economico. el telefono es bastante comodo y de contextura fuerte

Wat Good Wit A Phone That Guarantee A Warranty On It But Wen The Person Gets It The Warranty Expired Already But Not Within A Years Yet Ppl hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWat Good Wit A Phone That Doesn't Guarantee Wat Posted On It Website Here Ppls hmmmmmmmmmmmmIt Show That Don't Believe Wat Is Posted On Their Website Half Of The Time Here Ppls Because  It Happen To Me Already Ppls So Make Sure It Doesn't Happen To You Here Ppls However Even Though My Phone Warranty Is Expired From Their Website Post But Thnx God I'm A Responsible Person That Take Good Care Of The Things That Is Valuable To Her Very Well Here Ppls. Wat A Disappointment Here On The Phone Warranty Ppls Otherwise The Phone Is Very Good Except For The Ppls That Like To Keep Their Nails Long Like Me Well You Are Going To Have To Buy A Stylus Pen For It Like Me Here Lol, The Phone Has A Front And Back Camera That Takes Very Good Pictures From My Experienced So Far The Phone Seems Alright To Me Because I'm Not Use To It Yet Ppls n Just Got It But Gettin There Soon Hopefully Ppls.Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)Pro for Nokia N8:1. Very good camera here ppls bcs it take very good pictures at night but wit most digital camera u gotta have a special nite flash on the camera to take good pictures at nite if ur gonna use it not wit the phone camera u don't ppl lol :) .2. Musics players is very good n i'd read some ppls reviews about this phone that they are sayin that they can't not hear the musics n hear their phone ringin bcs their phone is laying flat on the table in fact they me straighten out ur situation here ppls one thing I'd don't know wat u ppls doing to ur phone where u can't hear ur phone musics or phone ringing here ppls however this phone works fine to me here wen u laid it on the tables even though the speakers is covered up by the table it still played the musics fine n I'd can hear my text message ringtone ringin wen someone is texting me thru my phone here ppls.Con for nokia n8:1. first of all the one thing bad about this phone is that wen u received this product from the seller well the warranty is expired on u already ppls wen apparently u just got the phone itself not even over a week ppls aka ur phone is not even over a year n ur warranty is expired ppls don't u think that is ridiculous here ppls come on here :(.2. Don't believe everything that the seller posted up their website about the product ur gettin bcs half of the time u can't trust them at all bcs it has happens to me here ppls so be aware of wat ur buyin from amazon here ppls however this is my first time buyin a phone thru amazon where it posted the phone has a 1 year warranty on the phone then wen u received the phone the warranty is expired ppls aka the phone is not under warranty come on ppls are they frickin kiddin me or this a ridiculously fun joke here ppls.

*The 12MP camera is amazing (as you would expect) with the Xenon flash, takes great photos and Full HD videos.*The OS is the new version of Symbian, which is more customizable with multiple home screens and many improvements to the previous OSs.*The OVI Store now has Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja and many other more popular games.*The multi-tasking experience is now much better.*The phone does not feel cheap.*The phone has a built in photo and video editor.*The touch screen is effective and responsive.-The OVI Store is very limited.-The speakers are not too loud, but works well.

I have been using N8 for a month now (US). It is simply stunning. I do not have any problems with my N8. Work great right out of the box. World's first Penta Band phone.My experience with Nokia N8:Great call quality for both voice and video calls.Excellent signal/reception.12 MP camera with great picture quality.Video recording in HD.Excellent build quality.Battery life is very good (easy two days with daily 2-3 hrs of Music, 2-3 hrs of radio, 2-3 hrs online, 100+ minutes of calls; WiFi, 3G, Bluetooth are always on.HDMI out with 5.1 Dolby digital sound.......awesome, added a new dimension to my HT SystemFM transmitter (I play my favorite tunes and mix whenever I am with my friends, in their car)GPS with Voice Guided Navigation, which does not require data connection.File sharing (pictures, ringtone, video clips, documents, etc) and Sync with my Macbook via Bluetooth (Iphone users wouldn't know what I am talking about).USB on the go... really handy when I want to share a large file with friends (my N8 reads USB flash drive as well as external hard drive).True multitasking... It does NOT restrict you from doing what you need and want to do...Things I miss on my N8: Full keyboard of E90 and Touch Interface/experience of iPhone.IMHO, N8 is way better than other eye candies out there...My Previous phones:Iphone3GHTC Touch ProNokia E90HTC Xda

It starting having numerous problems I don't even want to list, my wife ended up sending it back home to get fixed and maybe sold to someone else...Don't waste your time.

You are no doubt interested in this phone for it's camera - after all, it's really the only good reason to struggle with Symbian in 2012.  I have owned this phone and while I like it, I'd recommend sitting this one out and ordering a Nokia 808 PureView.  It has a 41-mp camera, which is completely ground-breaking for a phone.Nothing wrong with this and at $299, it's a bargain, but I'd recommend doubling that and getting the 808 once Amazon offers it.  Just some (sound) advice from a S60 fan.

I've been complimented several times on the photo quality for pictures taken with this phone but the most impressive thing is the video quality, the N8 shoots 720p (that's HD people!).  I then was able to connect my N8 to my Panasonic Plasma TV to show off my HD videos to family and friends.  This was done using the HDMI adapter (comes included with the N8) and a regular HDMI cable I purchased from Amazon.The application I use most is ovi Maps, the free Nokia tool that turns your phone into a GPS receiver.  That has rescued me several times already when driving (or walking) around in unknown places.Other applications I use on the N8:  gmail, ebookreader (currently reading "A Tale of Two Cities", my first e-book), angry birds.  Some applications come with the phone, some you have to download and from these, some are free, and some are not.Other features I use from the phone are wi-fi and 3G for internet connectivity, both work seamlessly.I've had a lot of fun with the N8 since I got it on early November of 2010 (that's about 3 months ago).My previous smartphone had a slide-out keyboard and that's just about the only thing I miss (and just a little bit) from my old phone.The operating system on this phone is Symbian^3, which came out in 2010, so the applications developed for Symbian^3 may not yet be many, but so far this hasn't been an issue for me at all.I also got the Nokia CC-1005 silicone cover for my phone, it's hard to find, but it fits great, protects the phone from scratches and falls and makes the phone look cooler (according to my niece).Oh, and I almost forgot, I can also make and receive calls with the N8, call quality is excellent.Liking the N8 is what motivated me to write this review, I hope it is useful to you.

Recomiendo el producto totalmente, entregado sin problema y en perfectas condiciones totalmente funcional. . . . . . . .

A bit of an introduction: I'm a retired computer professional, having written software and managed software projects for 45 years. I have been a vocal critic (on the Nokia forums) of Nokia's software failings in recent years (I had an E71, a beautiful piece of hardware, and my wife had an E62 and a 5800). Most of my objections were to their pathetic ovi.com website, the attempt to replace PC Suite with something else named ovi (which broke something that wasn't broke! I suspect "ovi" is Finnish for "full of bugs"), and their penchant for issuing "upgrades" that introduced more problems than they fixed.I had a two-year fling with Android, where I saw a serious mobile system gradually turn into a circus act; the latest version of Android on the top Samsung phones looks like a video game to me. They are obviously targeting the young, which is probably a smart business decision. But if you are a mature adult who wants a serious appliance that helps to keep you organized and to communicate via voice and message, all of this extraneous nonsense is a distraction and an annoyance. Yes, some of what bothered me could have been customized away, but there were other issues that led me to conclude that the latest Android was not for me.I had watched, with interest, the introduction of the N8 by Nokia and its impressive specifications, and the subsequent tribulations of the product, plagued by problems that resulted in too many dead devices. But two years after its introduction, with the price dropping and unhappy with the direction of Android, I decided to buy one. I've had the phone now for a little over a month, and I must say I'm pleasantly surprised.First of all, the hardware. It is typical Nokia, just beautifully made. It makes a difference, as it is not only a pleasure to hold something well-made, but it feels better in the hand than anything I've owned from other manufacturers (Motorola, Samsung). It was delivered with Symbian Anna, which exhibited some of the old, confusing user-interface design that has brought Nokia to the brink of extinction. After consultation with some folks on the Nokia forums, I decided to upgrade to Belle, about which the signals were mixed. I decided that the people who seemed to know what they were talking about liked the system and I went with their advice. This turned out to be a good decision. The user-interface is greatly improved and finally gives Symbian a look and work-flow that is competitive with Android or the iPhone. Unfortunately for Nokia and Symbian enthusiasts, it comes too late. But it's good, nonetheless. They also fixed some bugs that I cared about. For example, the FM radio application, which I use, did not work correctly in Anna, at least for me. The Belle version is fine. I am happy with everything else that I use -- contacts, calendar, email, browser, occasional text message. The camera is excellent. The only thing that does not work well, and never has, is Mail for Exchange, at least when you attempt to use it to sync with Google contacts/calendar. This software was broken three and four years ago and it's still broken. I have resorted to going back to maintaining my contacts, calendar and todos with Microsoft Outlook, which is an inconvenience for me, since I use Unix/Linux most of the time, not Windows. But Nokia's synchronization application works well, as does Google's application to sync their stuff with Outlook. A bit of a Rube Goldberg setup, but it works. It would have been far better for Nokia to have fixed Mail for Exchange -- they certainly had ample notice that it was bug-ridden -- but that won't happen now that they are fighting for their lives, hoping to be rescued by Windows 8.To summarize, if you want a superbly-made unlocked phone made for serious adults at a good price, this is a great choice. Be aware, though, that Nokia has, of course, abandoned Symbian (Accenture is maintaining it now) and it is unlikely that there will be any further development of the system. It's a dead-end for application writers as well, though there is a large body of Symbian applications already available. Whether they work well with Belle is a separate question (I purchased a financial calculator for my E71, and got the latest version for the N8. It worked fine with Anna, and while it works with Belle, the results appear in a font about 2 pixels high, and so it is unusable. I have contacted the author and he is unable to fix the problem, due to some authentication issue. It's obviously a side-effect of Symbian now being a dinosaur.)Update (3/24/2013):I've now had the N8 for almost 6 months, and my opinion of the phone has not changed. If anything, I'm even more impressed by its quality and usability. One issue: battery life. Running Belle, with light usage, the battery is exhausted by the end of the day and has to be recharged for the next day's use. However, there is a so-called "power-saving mode", and it works beautifully. With this enabled, the battery will last for days, at least the way I use the phone. For me, the phone is perfectly usable in this mode, and the improvement in battery life is a real plus. Before I discovered this, there were times when I was inconvenienced by having forgotten to put the phone on the charger overnight, needing to use it the next day, and finding it dead. Yes, it recharges quickly, but an inconvenience when I want to use it NOW. The tremendous improvement in battery life in power-saving mode essentially eliminates this problem.I would also mention that there is a battery monitor application available from the Nokia store that is quite useful, and I recommend it to anyone using an N8.

For this amazing price, the HTC Desire was the android comparison I looked at before I purchased the N8. So much bashing has taken place concerning Nokia's symbian - but mainly from "review sites". Actual owners hardly have anything negative to say. Having used both, I cant say which one is "better" as there are pros and cons to each, and each person has their own preference. Like other decisions, this one involves trade offs that the buyer must make. I chose the N8 because: Solid construction, gorilla glass, 12MP camera, HD video, FM transmitter, HDMI & TV out, 16GB storage, bluetooth 3.0, Nokia legendary reliability and the battery last days (not hours). If you are willing to forgo all these for the android experience, that's personal preference. In my opinion a pretty UI is not everything and Symbian ^3 is fast and responsive! Bottom line is the N8 is value for money (the camera alone is worth the price!). Just one more point for those who may have an "issue" with their phone - TRY UPDATING THE FIRMWARE!

I've been very impressed with the phone (actually got two of them, one for myself and one for my wife) - no restarts required.  I'm not someone who needs to have my computer in my pocket and mostly wanted a phone with a very good camera (this phone as the best you can get) and would be easy to use for basic stuff, calling, texting and be able to do other stuff if needed (e-mail and web etc.).  The interface is smooth and responsive, the phone is smaller than I expected and fits very nicely in the hand or pocket (not a giant half tablet like alot of the newer smartphones).  Voice quality is excellent as well (ATT).In this respect and with the relatively low price for a smart phone with the features it has - it was an easy choice.This phone has the best camera of any phone at this point (Oct 2011) nor is a phone expected to surpass it in this respect.  The reason the camera is so good is that the sensor's size (not pixel count but actual physical sensor size) is about 50% larger than other phone cameras (grabs more light) and most stand alone point and shoot camera's.  Now its in a phone so its not going to replace your DSLR, but it is the best you can get in a phone.  The other nice thing about the phone is that it uses a real Zenon flash (like a normal standalone point and shoot) instead of a LED like on most phones - so the flash is more powerful.The colors are nice to add a bit of personality to your phone - and being an unlocked phone there's none of that ridiculous provider branding and glitchy applications you get when you get a phone from the wireless vendor store.Nokia just released an update to the operating system (called Anna) used in the phone for North America.  Another update called Belle will be coming in the future, so the OS will continue to be updated and improved.One note on the Anna update, I had an issue with the Symbian Anna 1/2 part failing to install (phone still worked), but if you get that here's what I did to get around the issue.  Find a PC/Mac and download and install the Nokia Ovi Suite ([...] go to support and get the Nokia Suite or Mac version) and use that to backup your phone first (contacts etc.).  Be sure to use the Windows PC Nokia Ovi Suite to back up your phone (cause your data is going to be deleted).  Now reset the phone Go to MENU => SETTINGS => PHONE =>PHONE MANAGEMENT => FACTORY SETTINGS => DELETE DATA AND RESTORE.  This wipes the phone relatively clean.  After restarting, go through the Ovi setup screen etc. that pop up.  Add your WiFi connection back in (I use this to keep from doing big downloads through my wireless provider).  Now do the update through the phone (main lighted button just below the screen and on the front - Applications - SW update) and make sure only the Symbian Anna 1/2 update is selected (meaning you'll have to un-select the Anna 2/2 update) and run the update.  After it succeeds, then do the 2/2 update etc. and you're good.  Run the Windows Novi Suite to restore your phone data and your done.

As an introduction I have to say as in the title this phone is now 3 years old, yet functions that you have to download a bunch of apps on any other platform you can do them with this phone right out of the box. I got mine last december and wouldn't change it. If I happen to buy another phone I will keep this one.Let's talk about hardware:*Build quality is great (aluminum and plastic corners for the antennas)*Camera only surpased by another Symbian (Nokia 808 PureView Black Factory Unlocked 41MP GPS*Screen is Gorilla Glass protected*Slide to unlock/lock button*Pentaband GSM/3G*FM Receiver/Transmitter*Camera shutter button*Built in 16gb data disk plus expandible via microSD, plus support to USB on the go.I can keep on writting specs if you need them more detailed head to gsm arenaAbout software:This is where people will always argue my Nokia N8 has Symbian Belle Refresh which seems to be the last update the phone will receive (the 808 and other Belle FP1/FP2 are still getting minor updates).Symbian is an OS that will have you read the user guide if it's your first time. Will make you remember those days in which you had to do this to then receive that.If you're looking for something iOS style I'd suggest you to try WP7/WP8.This review is just to show my impressions on the phone so now what I like and dislike:Likes:*Great camera*Great OS*Xenon flash*Build Quality*Free GPS Navigation (available offline worldwide)*Great soundDislikes:*Screen size (a bit small)*No additional led flash/torch (covered in Pureview 808)*Browser needs to be updated (Web has evolved a lot, yet this is covered by Opera Mobile Browser)Should you buy this phone?If you're willing to learn what a true smartphone is and also own a phone that is legend among phone geeks, YES YOU SHOULD.If you already have had Symbian phones and you happen to be upgrading I suggest you the Pureview 808. Most of the things not covered by the N8 were covered by that one.I hope this review might have helped you choosing.  :)

This is just the best Nokia i've had. I have about 8 years using Nokia phones, and all of 'em were perfect, the best cellphone system, and this one, with the 12mpxls camera, and a really sensitive touch screen, even better than the iphone. All the options, and the proccesor is excellent. It's just perfect. And an good price.

Nokia N8 is the worse cell phone, it does not work, i can not use it on the right turn off by itselfNokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)

Hello All, I like this phone but I am sure they can do better.1.  The email functionality is not upto par.  I have to switch off/on the phone a lot to sync.2.  Too many dropped calls, I have friends in the same area with AT&T; coverage with iPhone, samsung, my phone drops the call most.3.  The battery life is not good.  I am charging the phone almost every day.4.  My phone says 3.5G and its not as fast, it better using WiFi at home.5.  Apps such as Here and Now, is bad.  Gets my location wrong all the time.6.  The overall symbian OS needs serious upgrade, I hope to the tie-up with MicroSoft produces a better OS.1.  The phone looks really sleek and polished.2.  The 12 MP camera is awesome and the video is great too (my reason to buy).3.  Text messaging is great with conversation and regular in out boxes (would like to have E7 with slider text but $750/- is too much.4.  3 screens with adding only needs apps works well for me.  I dont like too much clutter.5.  The picture editor works great (not tried the video yet)Overall, upgrade to better MS OS soon.  Keep the 12MP camera and improve the email processing.ThanksMDSS

This phone is wonderful.  Good reception and transmission; good operating system; solid build quality; camera is unreal for a cell phone.  My only complaints are:  Difficult to remove battery; call memory record is limited; and I couldn't resusitate the one I drowned in the ocean.

I had bought this cell phone 2 times from AMAZON.com because I like it so much, the first time I have returned the cell phone because it did not powered on and it did not work so I bought a new one, and guess what? less than 8 days after I have receive it the display has a big black line in the center. I really dont recommend buy this cell phone.

uno de los mejoes tel&eacute;fonos que he tenido, el GPS trabaja muy rapido, la c&aacute;mara genial, internete muy r&aacute;pido tambien, lo recomiendo

I used to have the N97, and N8 way much better, faster, thinner, prettier and more responsive. Do not miss at all the 32 GB internal memory... with 16GB more than enough. I love the FM transmitter, every where you go you can turn on the party with the music going through a real stereo speakers, easy to transfer data, music, pics with Bluetooth, and best of all unlocked for the price!!! Excellent!!! buying it here in Ecuador with the cel service carrier will cost twice more.Add to the N8 the HDMI, the excellent 12Mp camera, the finish of the phone and the size of it not too, long not too wide, it is the perfect device to go a long with it everywhere. Thanks Nokia

el telefono es muy bueno se los recomiendo...........Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)

The cell phone battery is new and does not last even 5 hours, Skype never works well ... It's bad this product. Not recommended.Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Green)

In term of hardware, this phone is really good. Camera works great. I do not care much RAM or chipset because apps on symbian are not as heavy as they are on iOS or Android. The only problem I want to warn everybody is the current symbian Anna on Nokia N8 doesn't work T-mobile USA 3G. My phone loses service right away after rebooting although It show that you still have service. The only to use T-mobile is turning off 3G. I have to spend a day to find what's wrong with my phone until I found that many people have this serious problem. I hope Nokia will fix this soon because it's more than 2 months already since they released Symbian Anna in US.And I do hope Nokia will release Symbian Belle in a coming New Year day in US, and hopefully, the new OS will fix this problem.

As there are houndreds of detailed reviews for this product, the only thing that is really important to be said is that my phone is working perfectly. Never stucked or turned off by it's own.

hola, debo decir que la compra que realice fue buena el telefono que queria funciona de maravilla,la unica molestia es la demora en la entrega del producto, gracias a futuro realizare una que otra compra masNokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)

It's one of the best phones made by NokiaIn my experience with nokia cellphones, my old model was an N96, compared to it it, Symbian^3 has amazingly improved it speed of response, the best is the free for life A-GPS, ovi store for downloading tons of apps, it has a great quality  12MP combined with geotagging camera and its 720p recording video feature is amazing.Finally nokia made an integrated app for facebook users which allows to post, comment and upload photos, it's not the best, compared to iphone or ipod, but they're on going on the right way, still there are many things that can be improved about this app.Another great feature is the integrated radio live streaming for listening your music in N8 directly on your radio.I love the design and the shiny AMOLED screen.

I ordered the orange Nokia N8, with prime shipping got it overnight on saturday! My N8 was made in Finland so keep that in mind. I have owned Iphone 3gs, 4g, Nexus One ( my fav phone), G1, g2. This orange N8 is hands down the best crafted phone you will ever see! No joke mine is a really nice orange with soo much detail and whereever i go people just keep looking at it like its a lambo! Pictures are spectacular! 720p video is awesome.. 720p hdmi video-out is awesome on the go!!! I dropped this phone 3 times so far once on a table, in my car it hitt the plastic door cover, and once in my room.. I almost criedcuz i thought it was gonna scratch! i just cleaned it with moist paper towel and to my surprise it was brand freaking new again! :)Pros:-Physical form. (best looking device)-Camera outperforms most point and shoot-720p video Hdmi out and 720p video recording-Camera actually has a camera button so its easy to press when taking self pictures.-Scratch resistant screen and body..-okay headphones-Battery lasts like 2 days straight taking pictures all day long, listening to music.. and what not!Cons:-to all these fat chipmunks commenting saying it freezes, os is slow, screen is not bright, ya da yada yada.. they need to make a trip to the doctor.. cuz all their senses are messed up.-None what-so-ever!!-i have used it for 2weeks now and it didn't give me a single hick up. the batter

I had many different brands of phones in the past, and Nokia was the only one that always worked correctly.  I heard their quality started going downhill, but I though I would give them a chance anyway, as this isn't a one of the windows phone. Big mistake.The first phone I received was a dead brick.  However, I believe this was Amazon's fault and not Nokia's. These phones use NiMH batteries. When allowed to completely discharge, like when left sitting in a warehouse for a year, a NiMH battery cannot be recharged.  This was the only time I had to use Amazon's return/ exchange, and they were excellent. They sent me the replacement and set up and scheduled the UPS pickup of the defective phone.The replacement phone arrived in two days. It also was very close to being completely discharged, but not quite.  After leaving it plugged in all evening and overnight (about 12 hours), it finally had enough charge to light the red charging indicator light.  It than took about another 4 hours to completely charge. After than all the software problems started showing up and it was all downhill from there.The first thing you see after starting the phone is a prompt to setup a Nokia OVI store account. After telling it to cancel until later, the phone immedietly tries to download updates - through the cellular data connection. Someone needs to tell Nokia that not everyone has unlimited data plans and they should let us set the phone up before running up our bills.  I immediately canceled the downloads, and then could proceed to setup my wireless network for the data use and then I let the phone do updates. But of course, another stupid design decision from Nokia prevented the updates.  You have to be logged into the OVI account to get updates, but I could not setup or log into an OVI account from the phone until I got the Nokia store update. So I had to setup the account on my computer through their website, download and install the Nokia software, and through there, push the Nokia Store update to the phone.  Now a week after receiving the fist phone, I finally have a somewhat working phone.While the telephone is usable, many of the features and applications are not.  When trying to load Nokia maps, the phone will completely freeze 3 out of 4 times.  During the freeze, all of the buttons are unresponsive, including the hard reset.  The only solution is to let the phone sit for 20 to 30 minutes, at which point it will restart itself. This restart, however, takes about a half hour to completely load.  So don't thr to use the Nokia maps unless you don't need to make a phone call for at-least an hour.The phone has a built in FM transmitter, which I love for playing my MP3's through my car stereo. Unfortunately, after about half an hour (doesn't matter if your using the transmitter or not) the music player begins to report every file as having an error and being unplayable.  The only way to play music at this point is to reboot the phone, which takes 5 or 6 minutes.  If you insist on trying to play more mp3s without restarting the phone, the phone will freeze up for a few seconds and then reboot itself.As if that isn't enough, the phone randomly reboots itself about once a day without warning, each time taking 5 or 6 minutes to fully restart.If you do a Google search, you will find many, many people having these and numerous other problems.  The phone work fine for some people, others have one or a few problems, and others have a phone that's only good for a paperweight.  There are a few reports of Nokia tech support saying they are aware of at least some of the problems and are working on fixes, but there have been no updates since Symbian Belle was released in Feb 2012 - and Belle caused most of these problems.  I had the random reboot issues form the start, which was why I updated the software to Belle, which caused the other problems I have but did not fix the restart issue. And once you update to Belle, there is no going back.This phone has been so bad that I would replace it if I could afford too, and will never buy another Nokia product again.

I've been using the Nokia N-8 for a full four months now.  I love my phone.  It is sturdy, holds a charge well, and has plenty of cool smartphone features.  I especially like the Favorites Widget that places pictures of my Favorite contacts on the home screen, allows my to swipe through them, and then access either their phone, messaging or email.  Voice commands through an app/widget is good as well.  I love that I could load it with memory (16 internal and a 32gb micro sd that I added) for a total of 48gb.  That's allowed me to put almost all of my music on the phone (in 256kb quality) and still have lots of room for pictures, documents, apps and full applications.The radio transmitter works well for me in a Mazda Miata... but your mileage may vary and it may not work in all cars (it doesn't seem to in a Honda Pilot, for example).  Bluetooth is excellent in all vehicles I've been in or in home applications.Limitations:  No Chase or Bank of America apps.  No app for Audible.  I use an Ipod Touch for these functions, so I can live with this but I would like Audible (hint to Nokia and Audible)Nice touches:  Pictures are excellent and with the photo apps you can even enhance those functions and add neat photo effects.Body of phone is sleek and when used as is slips nicely into a guy's back pocket or shirt pocket.  Maps/guidance is fully functional.  Opera Mini Web browser is a fine app, particularly when no WiFi is available.  Search widget allows you to search either the phone or the Internet right from one of the  home pages you can design with the latest Symbian OS.

I dont want to repeat what others have written here. This is an amazing phone, perfect screen space, awesome camera, offline maps, free navigation. The only problem, this phone doesnt work correctly with Wind Mobile (Canada). The phone keeps on freezing and restarting, and this problem was noticed with the Wind Mobile SIM only. On other SIMs, this phone was just fine. Until Nokia fixes that part, I wont think of buying this phone again.(I returned the phone due to this incompatibility)Update: WARNING! Anyone using Nokia N8 on T-Mobile, do not upgrade the OS to Symbian Anna. Symbian Anna breaks the 3G functionality on TMobile![...]

I just replaced my old Nokia E71 for this new Nokia N8.  At first glance this phone has many improvements and I would say it is a little bit more user friendly.I wish this phone had a portrait or vertical querty keyboard; it only works if the phone is placed horizontally.  This could be a nice software update from Nokia.  The phone doesn't vibrate that hard either, I have lost some calls because I didn't feel it vibrating.I also had to download another webpage browser named Opera which is a lot faster than the original one of the phone.

Before buying this product, I did my home work on this phone at various blogs, websites, user reviews, so I  knew what I can and can't expect.One feature I would stress on N8 is CUSTOMIZATION( a lot ). After two weeks of use I am writing this review,The bestCamera (more options, ofcourse 12 MP)GPS ( N8 doesn't need internet, I can find not all but yes most of the restaurants,services, etc. offline )FM TransmitterSpeaker ( Dolby digital surround sound )VOIP ( Skype worked well, actually their use to be some voice delay in my laptop,which I didnt find using N8.)There are lot more features you see on N8 as face time camera, HDMI port.Finally coming to not so great features isEmail client ( needs to be better )Web browsing ( hope to get the much awaited release of an updated web browser )so guys good luck in finding a right phone for your needs

Great phone, great specs.  The N8 should have come out 2 years ago.  Best Nokia OS yet. Camera is awesome, phone feels solid and great signal.  Thanks Nokia for getting it right.Only con so far is the lack of stereo speakers, and the placement of the current loudspeaker.Amazon, thanks for the Made in Finland Model and the fast free shipping.

[...]Nokia n8 is simply the best among all my previous phones.(windows mobile, blackbery, sony ericcson, motorola)By using ovi suite 2.2.1.23 (download from internet), outlook contacts, calendar, music, vedio, photo in PC can be simply synchrozied with nokia n8 in two ways.All maps around the world can be downloaded via ovi suite from nokia directly into the phone's 16GB internal memory. I downloaded maps for usa, canada,mexcio,china and hongkong along with street name prompt voice in English(us) and mandarin(china) within 2 hours. no need to bother data plan.I am currently owning Garmin 765, Tomtom 540XL and Megellan 4700. Nokia n8 is the best among them due to its super fast gpu, 16GB flash memory, crisp AMOLED screen at highest resolution (640x360),super loud speaker and multi-touch capacitive screen. (Garmin 765 is slow in rendering and touch input is buggy, Tomtom 540xl tele atlas map is not as presice as navteq for usa, megellan 4700 is poor in rendering vector maps due to its screen resolution and bad bluetooth).The 12 mega pixel buit-in camera surpasses my 10 mega pixels Canon point and shoot camera A1000. Night shot is even better than my 18 mega pixels Canon T2 DSLR. but it takes some time to get used to since looks like it doesn't come with image stablization altough it is supported in vedio recording, user has to slowly and gently press down the camera button to take a picture even after haivng fully focused.Nokia n8 has managed networks nicely, it is fully  customizable for prority to use 3.5G, Edge, wifi. default is wifi, 3.5G then at&t; edge for internet. it allow user to create different network destination and select one as default. main internect apps allow user to choose customized network destionations.Nokia mail supports yahoo, msn, gmail, etc and microsoft exchange server, user can manage all various email accounts in one place and it supports archive folers for yahoo mail. there is a minor bug,  due to its push email feature, it keeps turning on wifi if it is available even when user exits nokia mail application and turns off wifi manually. i believe this minor bug can be fixed easily when nokia are ready to update.another potential problem is that it can not show chinese/japanese/korean due to the location setting of usa and the missing of fonts library. nokia may formally allow user to download and install the east asian fonts. curretly it shows China map in Chienes pingyin. for chinese web pages and contacts it shows rectangular box instead which needs to be fixed as nokia promtotes the conecting of people.fring works fine with n8, it can be downloaded from ovi store right from the phone and it is free, it supports instant messenging (fring, msn,gtalk, yahoo,etc), video call and voip call. no need to bother skype which is not available for nokia n8.the built-in web browser is already very nice to show web pages with multi-touch to zoom, flash to play youtube, java 2.1 to play java game. so I haven't tried the opera 10 or opera mini-browser 5.1.FM radio can be directed to its own loud speaker though it is still required to plug-in the accompanied headset as an antenna. FM radio is super sensitive, can pick weak signal, and sends out better sound than lexus car stereo, sadisk sansa FM radio. super basss is excellent but don't know how to disable it, looks like nokia n8 doesn't have built-in Equalizer application, should be easy to find one over ovi store.as always, nokia n8 is a phone with excellent signal and voice at both ends. rock-solid built. looks and feels noble. can last for at least 4 years.I bought it for my kid's usage during her University study. It serves the purpose very well.

This is a perfect example when a product good for one person is a nightmare for another. Even though i believe UI is not as bad as many people complain, it's not as user friendly as iphone or android. But if you like to play with electronics you should get used to this one pretty quickly. It's much better than s60 devices imo. As a standing out features it has:- Built in gps and offline maps and navigation- HDMI out combined with big screen application - very nice. Image quality is quite good, for example, much better than output from the high end Cowon j3 pmp device.- Amoled, gorilla glass screen- Music sound quality is good, not as good as high end pmps such as cowon or sony but not worse than ipod- Built quality is very good- Native sip voip application is nice- Camera and video are simply amazing for the phone- Plays a lot of video formats- Built in 16gb plus sd card memory slot for up to 32gbMost people simply want to have user friendly phone with good facebook, tweeter, youtube, email, skype and so on... Skype on my phone is simply not working so far, youtube application is very simple, can't see comments, built in gmail email sucks... No portrait keyboard mode yet. Available are just few okay games.

excelente tel&eacute;fono, la c&aacute;lida fue buena y el env&iacute;o tambi&eacute;n. no me puedo quejar , este tel&eacute;fono es econ&oacute;mico y rinde muy bien con movistar

siempre he pensado que los nokia son de lo mejor en lo que ha movil se refiere... &eacute;ste en particular me decepciono, la bateria vino mala, me vi en la necesidad de cambiarla yo mismo...

Everything is good but pics taken with phone are not clear and there seems glaring. LCD shows glaring on pictures

For a phone, the Nokia N8 offers an incredibly powerful camera and video package in a smartphone about the same size as an Apple iPhone. And for two weeks, I shot several hundred photos and dozens of videos on the smartphone's 16 Gb of internal memory.FULL DISCLOSURE: I borrowed the Nokia N8 and have returned it, as per the loan agreement. Nokia has given me no money or any other incentives, nor have they required me to write this or any other post. Nokia may be utilizing some of my photos and videos for their WOMWorld.com site, but that's about it. Anyway, enough with the disclosure stuff.The Nokia runs on Symbian, but it reminded me a lot of Android. It featured a large, bright screen and the Symbian version of an App Store. I rarely used any of these features, since I wasn't keeping the device.As a photographer, I was eager to see how the camera performed. Let me tell you, they really did a nice job with the interface. The full-auto mode usually took nice, crisp shots in most brightly lit situations. If it was a clear day and we were outdoors, the pictures were sharp and the color was crisp.Nokia N8 uses the Symbian OS. There were some advanced controls, but I mostly found myself adjusting the ISO and the flash settings. I appreciated how quickly I could navigate the menus with basic icons.In low-light situations, the camera struggled a bit. There was a Xenon flash, but as you might expect, it didn't offer much light. It was a straight-on flash, so you couldn't bounce it or anything, but not really a big problem. If you needed a flash in a dark room, it would pretty much fill the faces directly in front of the camera. I tend to correct a lot in Aperture, so as long as the picture isn't blurry, I figure I can make adjustments.I shot a few pictures with my dSLR and compared them with the Nokia. Overall, the dSLR gave me a wider shot and probably more options. But considering the size and speed of the Nokia, I really can't complain about the photos. I shot a bunch of photo reference pictures for my Facebook fan page, which people really seemed to like.The only quibble I had was with user interface. The camera was designed to be so sleek and smooth that it was tricky to get your fingers set properly for quick shots. People who picked it up often had trouble finding the shutter button. Several times, I missed a shot because I couldn't figure out which way to hold the camera.In fairness, I think it would have been easier if it had one of those rubberized cases, like we use on iPhones. Then you'd be able to figure it out based on the layout of the buttons.In the end, I was a bit bummed that I had to return it. The Nokia N8 offered an impressive camera with specs that rival some of the compact shooters on the market today. Since we all carry smartphones anyway, it may as be one with a built-in 12 Mp camera. This one was solid, handsome, and took darn-good pictures.Here's a link to the complete review: [...]

For people who are thinking about buying this phone, DO NOT attempt. Just received it yesterday and tried to use it the last couple hours, it turned out to be a total dissatisfaction.1.Nokia Ovi store is in short of apps, even more, lots of them charge you 2.99+.2.Language packs made available on a Nokia phone is market and region dependent. For me, I would like to have Chinese and Japanese support, which is impossible unless I bought this phone from countries where the language is mainly spoken.3.Can not make Skype video call, the front camera is only for display.4.Default web browser takes about 15 to 30 secs to open up a webpage. Slow,sluggish,worst than I expected. Got better switching to Opera.Will spend this long weekend to dig into it more, but very likely will have to return it due it the poor user experience provided.

I pre-ordered the N8.As many said, happy with the hardware but UI is very difficult. ( this is not a big problem for me ).I returned the first unit after several hours with tech support and they asked me to return it.There were some issues with setup.2nd phone - this phone was returned because I cannot use it travelling to asia.*Does not support asian fonts for web browser or email.  There is no way to get the fonts.*Skype not supported.Maybe I'll pick one up once they get these issues worked out since I like the phone.

I've had my N-8 for 3 months now.Its the best phone that I ever had.I opted not to go with i-phone 4 and  replaced my i-phone 3g with the Nokia N-8.It's a no-brainer. So many pluses to this phone over the i-phone and it has an ample supply of useful Apps.Lots of free one as well.It performs very well while multitasking with "several" Apps running concurrently.The 12 mp camera and H-D video is off the meter. Taking professional pictures with a cell phone is insane.It does all of the things I wished my i-phone 2g then 3g could never do and it's half the cost of an unlocked 32 gig i-phone 4.I use a 32 gig micro-sd card along with the on board 16 gig internal memory. Music, videos, pictures movies, and everything else is never a problem.I give this phone my highest recommendation. If you decide to invest in this phone, I'm certain you absolutely love it.

This phone is for serious users... For me, phone functionality, navigation and good quality camera are the most important things, of course followed by battery life. In these areas this phone wipes floors with the competition.The only thing needing improvement about the phone is the GUI. However, as my last phone was Galaxy S, the N8 is only a little bit worse.So, if you want to take proper pictures and find navigation important, this is definitely your phone.

I have been having this phone for about 3 months. I am loving it. I don't use a lot of apps, which I don't care about anyway. I love the camera, when I show pictures I took with this phone to people, they are amazed at the quality of the pictures. I don't use any cameras any more. Quality of the voice is perfect, I love using the loud speakers. The Built-in GPS is fast and it could work offline too. This is just the perfect phone for me.

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME PERFECT AND I LOVE THIS PHONE LOT'S STUFF IN THAT'S WHAT I WANT ... GUD NOKIA  AWESOME GIVE RATING 5 STAR

I purchased this phone back in March 2011 so I am going to give as detailed of a review as I can.Case-Let me start with the exterior of the phone, this phone has probably the toughest casing I have ever had of any of my phones. Granted I have used a silicone cover since the day I have owned it, but I have dropped this thing more times than I care to remember and from various heights, except for a few minor surface scratches you couldn't tell.Screen-The screen's durability is the best I have seen to date. The very first day I had the phone in my hands my son knocked it right onto my gravel driveway screen first. It still had the factory screen protector on it but it was a mess, it looked as if there were a dozen chip marks on the screen from the rocks but once I pulled off the protector it was perfectly fine. The glare from the sun does make it difficult to see if set at really low brightness levels. I don't care for resolution specs but for this phone they are low. I had no problem viewing anything on it due to the low resolution, however videos and pictures will not be the greatest if viewed through the phone.Connections and Buttons-Starting from the top left hand corner you have the 3.5 MM jack input. I use this every single day and it is a wonderful thing to have on this phone. After dropping the phone numerous times even with the cover I noticed that this jack was starting to crack around the entry point, operation hasn't been affected what so ever though. HDMI out is probably one of the coolest features on this phone in my opinion. I have not used it as much as I would have liked to but it is indispensable, especially when sharing homemade movies or pictures with family and friends. Because of this phone I have made HMDI out a standard for any other phone I ever purchase. The power button, directly to the right of the HDMI out. This button in my opinion the phone could have done without, the home key on the front of the phone would have done it's job just as well. The volume toggle button, I have had a love hate relationship with this button. I am glad that it is there but at the same time it has not been that easy to manipulate, especially with a cover on the phone. The phone slide lock, this is again like the power button, absolutely useless. It is much easier to hit the home button on the front of the phone than it is to try and slide this thing, again especially with a phone cover. Camera/shutter button, this is essential in order to use the camera as you would intend to use a camera but I would have appreciated it more if Nokia would have made it more pronounced on the phone. I often found myself searching for it with my finger and constantly dropping the phone down to double check that I was directly on it because the slightest loss of pressure would take you out of focus. 2.0 mm Nokia charging port, I found this charging port to be more reliable than the Micro 5 USB port on the left hand side of the phone. I believe that it was primarily do to both locations of each port. The location of the 2.0mm port was more convenient for my everyday use of the phone, where as the USB port would get in the way and make the phone awkward to handle, and it is a very loose, unstable connection. SD and SIM card slots, these two have come in very handy for me in the time that I have owned this phone. I travel quite often so the ease of swapping SIM cards and SD cards makes me very happy. If I had one thing to change about the SIM and SD card slots it would be for the covers to not be connected so that I can access one at a time. Lastly, the Home button, this button should replace the power and slide lock buttons because it does most of what they do anyway.Battery-The battery life on this phone is quite amazing. I calculated 14 hours of moderate use on normal power settings from unplugging it from the charger until it died completely. Moderate for me is , 3g connection, listening to music from the 3.5 mm jack or the built-in speaker for a few hours, constant texting through out the day, some web browsing, occasional video watching, lowest screen brightness, and viberate function on. Now on battery saver mode I have gone 16-18 hours with the same type of usage. Swapping the battery out on this phone is not the easiest but can be essential if you travel a lot and or use the GPS frequently which brings me to my next point. Using the GPS on this phone will KO your battery in a few hours, so if you are an avid user of the GPS feature then I highly suggest you get a spare battery and a tool kit to install it with or just keep it charged while you use the GPS.Camera-I do not want to really talk about the camera a whole lot because you can find that information anywhere on the web so I am going to give my input on it from my experience. The pictures are for the most part amazing but they can be pretty bad depending on the conditions, I have learned to use the different scene modes to get the affect I was seeking for all my pictures. The speed of the camera could be a lot better, and switching from stills to video takes a long time as well. Keep the glass on the outside of the lens clean or else you will take repeated pictures and wonder why they look like hot garbage. The settings I feel could be easier to get to, especially for what is supposed to be a snap and go camera. The flash is more than adequate for every situation, I have found myself not using it most of the time. The autofocus is extremely picky and takes a few tries to get the picture just right. If you get a cover for the phone make sure to get one that covers the entire camera area because since this area is more pronounced on the phone it is more susceptible to scratches and dirt.Built-in Speaker-I love the speaker on this phone! I believe it is the most abused piece of hardware on my phone since the day I received it. It is exceptionally loud and I learned that if you place the phone caddy cornered with the speaker facing the wall or surface it will give a surround sound intensifying effect to the volume.Processor-This phone is not fast or snappy to say the least. It cannot be burdened with Apps or it will fall on it's face. This phone is more for the conservative type, those who like to text, check email, facebook, use a calculator, run a widget or two, and maybe play a game, any more than that and this thing goes to sleep on you. This is the biggest complaint I have about this phone, overall speed. You can tell when you slide your home screens with your finger, it takes a while to load all your icons which is not acceptable by today's standards.PROs--Screen-Case-HDMI out-12mp Camera-Nokia maps works great online and offline, works better than standard GPS systems sold at retailers-battery life-built-in speaker-WIFI, if you travel and have fast internet on this phone I suggest you download the Joikuspot app, it lets you create a wifi signal for your laptop, I use this quite often.Cons--power button (useless)-Slide lock button (extremely useless)-camera button (Not big enough)-volume toggle button (not big enough, should be 2 individual buttons in my opinion)-USB port in odd location and difficult to use as charge port-processor too slow to enjoy the phones full potential-camera not as fast as it should be, or as easy to use.

First of all, I wanted to say that I've been a loyal Nokia user for many years and have bought so many different Nokia phones that I've lost count and I've always like every single one of them. However, it seems like they're falling behind, especially for the US market at least. That's why I started looking at other phones that suits my needs and then started using various phones with android OS.Ever since I saw this the N8 announced I was excited and looked forward to getting one. When it finally went on sale I bought a black one last year to replace my android phone (had a htc legend at the time).First impression was I absolutely loved this phone's feel and look and how simple everything was. Then after a couple of weeks, I got bored of this phone and its lack of usable apps.Things I liked about this phone- Feels and looks great, very solid phone- Has all the bands/frequencies to be used world wide- Awesome camera for a phone- Xenon flash, even tho I don't use it lol- Simple to use- Great battery life- Very nice screen and I like that pulsing light thing on the buttonThings I didn't like about this phone- Whenever I'm talking on the phone, sometimes the screen doesn't turn off and I guess somehow my cheeks touched the end button and disconnects the call. Happens quite often and was very annoying.- Picture taken from this camera looks great but once I upload it from phone to facebook, the quality was pretty crappy- Don't have Pandora- Lack of good apps- I won't always get my emails, will need to restart phone then start receiving emails again- Phone lags sometimes when going through menu or using one of their useless appsAnother thing I hated was that I spent $2.99 to buy the angry bird game and it didn't even have as many levels as the ones for android, which was FREE! That was quite disappointing. Not phone's fault, just symbian I guess.Ended up selling this phone and went back to android, got the galaxy s, which by the way has been one of the best phones I've ever used so far. Thought I give Nokia a try again but symbian just seems so behind. I'm not saying the N8 is a bad phone, it's just not for me. If this phone has android OS, it would be my perfect phone! This is kind of a short review, since I bought it and sold it over 9 or 10 months ago.

I am a self confessed gadget freak. After using the xperia X10 and Iphone4 in the past few months, I purchased the N8 yesterday. The up's and down's in my opinion, are as follows:1- The N8 UI is as crude as Android. The Iphone 4 wins by miles in this category.2- If you have used Nokia before, the N8 requires very little learning compared to Android and iOS4.3- The iPhone4 screen resolution is the best on any smart phone.4- The iPhone is not the most stylish phone. N8 is disappointing to look at. The best looking of the current crop of smart phones is Android based Sony Ericsson Xperia x10.5- The Xperia x10 has the best battery life.6- The N8 has the best camera of all smart phones ever made.7- The N8 has the most user friendly Bluetooth and Wireless functionality.8- The N8 has the best integration with Outlook. Android and iOS lack flexibility.9- The N8 offers largest storage space of any smart phone if an optional 32gb microSd card is purchased. It costs between 89-110 dollars.10- For a game freak, nothing beats Iphone 4.f you want style over functionality, buy the iPhone 4. If you want to try out Android, go for Xperia X10. If you want a great camera and business integration, the N8 cant be beat.

Bought this unlocked hoping that I can use this in other countries. The OS from Nokia is quite new to me as compared to iOS and Android. I have the unit fully charged at night but it almost drained the battery in the morning. Product was returned.

Very good products.  It was work beautiful.  I have nothing again this product.Price very low.  I would recommend to Nokia lover.Thank YouSeam

If you are looking for a fullly featured phone with a camera that can perform as good as a dedicated digital camera in the $200 range, fast WIFI, free navigation with offline maps, look no further.  This is your phone.  The display in on pars with other smart phones such as Android and iPhone4, which use AMOLED display with a notable exception of iPhone4's retinal display.  Night shots with N8 are not comparable to say a dedicated camera that is equipped with a much more powerful xenon flash.  In other words, if you do not resize the pics you snapped at night, then you will see noise (even my DSLR Nikon shows a little noise in poor lighting -- can you imagine a phone that is equipped with a much smaller xenon flash).  Call quality is outstanding with ear-piece volume really loud so no need to crank up the volume to max when you are in a noisy place.  UI is a little dated especially coming from Nexus One, but no worries you can download Nokia's Midnight theme to spice up UI and there are 50 improvements for Symbian ^3 on the way to make users experience even more commendable.  The virtual qwerty keyboard is a little slow like the Android 2.1 version.  With Android 2.2 version, it seems much faster than N8.  Like I pointed out, there are 50 improvements on the way, and one of these improvements might or might not address the issue with responsiveness of the qwerty keyboard.Now for quality control.  You have to be patient with N8 b/c you might end up a bad power management unit that is fully recognized by Nokia Corp. (just google it) and read the articles.  My first N8 was silver color and it would not even power on, so I had to exchange it (Amazon was very nice about this b/c they sent it overnight for the replacement -- that's customer service).  Unfortunately, the replacement, though works, had cosmetic issue on the inner bezel.  The blemish was naked eye visible that can be seen under bright lights, so I had to return the phone.  I ordered a black one now in the hopes that the black one is a later batch that Nokia may have addressed major issues.  The black ones seem to be purchased at higher demand and hence Amazon might have a new batch in their inventory.  My point is that I liked the phone over my Nexus One that I am giving Nokia a third chance and also the last.  I hope this review helps you.

This is actually my second N8. The first one I bought in early May. After only a few hours of use it powered off for no apparent reason. Then each time I tried to restart it, it would shut down again after about 30 seconds. I was disappointed because it really is a beautiful phone. I kept looking for another phone that had everything I wanted and I couldn't find one - mainly I wanted a GSM penta-band with a good camera and internet capabilities. There was no other phone but the top of the line Nokias. So I thought I would try the N8 again (because it has 12MP camera with auto focus - otherwise I would have gotten the E7 with the larger display and the QWERTY keyboard). I am so happy I did. The first N8 which I sent back was produced in Dec. 2010. This second one was produced in March 2011, so maybe the bugs where fixed with the later models.  I just know my new N8 is exactly what I hoped it would be.  The call quality is excellent and the camera works beautifully. The customizing capabilities of the Symbian OS allow me many personalizing options. The display is bright and clear, and even in direct sunlight it's still readable; touchscreen response is fine; photo/video record quality is superb for a mobile phone (especially if you use custom settings); FM transmitter is a nice extra; HDMI Dolby works great; and video play/web TV is good. Even the speaker produces pretty good sound and has high volume. So, what could be better: Well, even though the processor seems to work fine for general use, I notice the more demanding apps are slow to load. Also, the Ovi store apps download process is a bit slow, too. The battery life is excellent, though, so maybe that would be the tradeoff with a faster processor. The RAM usage for me averages about 60% but maybe those who play the advanced games and want to have several apps open at the same time would like more RAM. Other than that, I really can't think of anything else Nokia could improve on. Because I read several reviews here sharing equipment failure comments, and because my first N8 was a lemon, I still have my fingers crossed that no problems will develop later. However, from my research, no mobile phones are free from problems - not even the Galaxys and the iPhones (which are much more expensive). I guess it is the luck of the draw. I have used both the Galaxy and iPhone, and still I prefer the N8 because of my needs and how well it has performed so far, which is why I am giving it 5 stars.

N8 is a graet pice of thec. It's easy to use, bright picture, sharp display BUT for the price I would go for iPhone4

I have the blue nokia n8 for 5 months now. It has been a great phone, but now the phone fails to accept any sim card and nokia warranty will not warranty my phone although i have 7 months left on my warranty. I contacted amazon and was told i can send the phone in to amazon returns for a partial refund but they couldnt guarantee the amount refunded nor could they guarantee that i could get the phone back if i were not happy with the refund amount. BUYER BEWARE!!!!

I'm told this phone has been discontinued.  The company I purchased from is AMillo Inc. the phones they sell are not made to be used or warrantied in the U.S.A. Phones are made for use in China. They will tell you there is a one year warranty.  Be sure to get that in writing.  Also their standard shipping method is very slow.  I am 250 miles away from them and it took over a week to receive my phone.  The first phone they sent was not even labelled and the battery would not hold a charge.  The replacement phone is also giving me problems.

This is my 2nd year using my N8... and i won't change until it fails.... The camera is great, the sound is great, graphics are great......JUST LOVE IT.

MY BUTT! I've hooked this phone up through straight talk, and until I got the money to go to the world of wireless place my friend told me about hopefully this weekend! I can only use my unlimited talk and text which isnt horrible. But i cant send or recieve pics or ringtones, none the less access the internet. THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED. Its an awesome phone, too bad its false advertising.

I was very happy with my N8 until it died... after one day of use! Another N8 users say it is a battery life problem. I don't know, I am not sure it is a battery problem. The only thing I am sure of  is that I will not buy another Nokia phone.

I did receive my Nokia N8 a week ago and I have been using it in all kind of manners from 05:30 in the morning to 23:00 at night. It is definitely the best Nokia I have ever used. It is extremely well built, for a release software it is also very good with very few bugs. The GPS connects inside my house in seconds. Bluetooth connects to my car stereo for handsfree calling in a few seconds. I make it from 05:30 to 22:00 without charging with a couple of hours listening to music in headphones, an hour of web browsing, an hour of listening to podcasts streamed through the FM transmitter to my car stereo.The reason I don't give it 5 stars is that the web browser although better than on the 5800 and the X6 is not as good as Android or iPhone (I have an iPod) and the music player is not as good as on the 5800 or the X6. I have not found a way to tag albums using pictures on the phone or change the name of songs on the phone the way I was able to do on the N86, the 5800 and the X6.After Nokia changed the way they deal with developers with regards to cost of publishing apps and the developer tools there have already been quite a lot of new apps coming for this phone like Angry Birds etc.There is a new web browser plus lots of other goodies coming in a future fw and then this phone will be worth 5 out of 5 stars.Did I mention that the camera is by far the best on any mobile device and the design is also very attractive.The videos and the pictures you can take with this phone are just astonishing. Check youtube for some short films shot with this phone.I bought this phone at buy dot com for 430 using amazon check out. I am surprised that Amazon still sells this phone for 549.

Received the phone on the 9th of Feb and within one day signs of the shutdown problem began to arise. Progressed to where phone would VERY frequently freeze and shutoff during any activity (launching/using apps, dialing numbers etc). Added annoyance was the fact that I have to wait a few minutes to switch it back on. Restoring factory setup and reinstalling firmware did nothing to help the problem.Repair through Nokia would require mailing the phone in (no charge) and approx 10 business day turnaround which I've read my not fully resolve the issue. The Nokia rep I spoke to said there is no option for local walk-in repair, phone must be mailed to the center in Texas. Yeaaaa no. Opted to get a replacement sent by Amazon and I'm hoping my phone doesn't completely die before the replacement arrives.Even with this inconvenience, the recent Symbian news (notice the price drop) and possible implications for software update time lines and new apps the news may have, I opted for a replacement and not a refund because:Compatibility with T-mobile and it's 3G network, while being unlocked, at the price bracketMy first smart/touch phone so I have no bias towards any particular OS or navigation layout. Also has the support the the apps I could see myself using.Sturdiness of the phone's construction (somewhat ironic). Seems solidly built when held.Camera and HDMI out. I've found that much situations arise when I need to record or take quality photos, with flash.*UPDATE*Replacement phone is functioning correctly.Phone home screens, icon order and hardware settings can be highly customized so any task can be completed with minimal inputs. E.g. one press launching of camera, voice recorder, live inbox status of multiple emails and social networks and a side-scrollable bar of key contacts.With the Situations app you can further customizes profiles allowing you to maximize battery life.Syncing files, messages and contacts with computer is swift and simple.Skype voicecalls workAdding words to the dictionary is problematic. Some words are retained, many words a person would commonly use aren't and there is erratic capitalization of added words. Greatly slows texting.Get the OtterBox case and you are set.

The phone connects to wifi but it can't surf the web with wifi. Setting up the wifi is a huge problem. You need to organize your access points, destinations etc etc..it's so unpractical. After working hours on this the result is a failure. Searching through the internet with my laptop, youtube etc all the advises did do nothing. Changing the browser defaults giving priority to wifi over 3G..you name it. It connects to my home wifi but the browser can't connect to a web site. I'm not a fan of Steve Jobs or over polished Apple products. But hands down, he knew Psychology. Steve Jobs knew how to design a product so that it would be a piece of cake to set things up and ready to go. This is the problem of Nokia. It seems engineers designed the N8. Engineers who think about every detail but completely ignore the realities of human psychology. Who would know terms like "access point", 'WEP" "WAC"? It's Nokia's job to electronically design a product so that a user would press a few buttons and get to the internet. I command anyone to google "Nokia N8 wifi problems" before purchasing this cell phone. It's a mess. I have an Ipod touch. On the day I received it I set the wifi over minutes. Nokia cannot survive in this hard battle without knowing psychology and intuition of users. I am returning this cell phone.UPDATE: I sat down with Nokia in a live chat for hours. They couldn't fix it. The phone can't create an access point for Wifi. They asked me to return it to Amazon.

Hated it. Phone was very complicated. Did not work well and was very difficult to understand and used. Phone was returned because of the difficult in using it.

Let me save you some time, before I bought this phone I did a lot of research such as read the Amazon reviews, Watched a lot of videos on Youtube (about the N8 in general or the N8 vs other smart phones) also got information from many blogs. The reason for me trying to get well informed about the Nokia N8 was the current trends on the smart phone market. With the hype that some smart phones such as the SGS3 or the iPhone have, I was skeptical about going for the N8 although I had have some Symbian phones in the past such as the N75 just to name one (that was four years ago) before that I had other Nokia phones I don't want to brag about it but they always were the most advanced device in my high school class, with features the best camera + photo editor, web browser, high speakers sound, FM radio (how cool was that 5 years ago?)and so on. I am very familiar with Nokia smart phones and the Symbian OS. I can say this is a really good phone and the Symbian OS is better than ever. It runs pretty smooth and is packed with more functions. Multitasking is really nice on the N8Two points to consider before buying the N8Pro: If you had have some Nokia device in the past you will feel familiar with the Symbian OS regardless if you have own a touch screen phone before.Cont: If you own or shall I say have (because that phone isn't your till the 2 years contract is done, OMG) a touch screen phone but it isn't a Nokia & you never had have a Nokia before you might dislike the experience because you need more steps to use some applications. The steps are not that many just 1,2 or maximum, but don't worry with the Belle update the OS is now easier to use, so dumb people can also have a great Nokia phoneSymbian the best/worst OS of all time? I will said that it depends own your phone history.Hey that's it buy this phone it is awesome! how else can I explain it, It is the best, Android and iphone are for the people who have never have cool smart phones in their lives btw you should know that I have one of the latest BB, an iphone 4 and I was going to get the SGS3 but I didn't like the way it feels. It's like plastic it feels really cheap and in the ip5 1136 x 640 pixels display resolution you can see how bad the pictures are. For real, starting to think that the 808 will be a better buy than the 920Now we have smart phones with speeds as high as 30 MPS, CPU over 1 GHz, 20/20 retina Display, 326 PPI and very soon you will see  1280x720 display. OH I have to point out the millions of apps(good luck dating some one with 100 apps on their phone, seriously lol). I can't wait to see how phone companies are going to cash out advertising that next year btw if you are going to buy one of the trending smart phone definitely go for the 920 (hands down the best!), Perhaps I will buy it too or maybe I won't, I was going to buy a camera but thanks the N8 I don't need one also I don't need a GPS thanks to the N8About my shopping the delivery was fast, Amazon prime is really worth it but I received a defective unit. One screw wasn't holding the bottom of the phone but Amazon was quick to replace it, I got a new one in just two days, I thought that there was some problem with the OS because the touch screen wasn't responding but the problem was that my hands were really cold. the phone is working perfectly, just tested the HDMI and works fine, that's a really cool  feature, believe it or not Nokia has always been ahead on technology development for phones. You can choose to be really ahead or to move when a new phones come out. My rating is One start because Nokia is going to abandon us (read Symbian fans)shame on you Nokia smhUpdate. I changed my review from 1 star to 5 stars because I found a really fabulous application "OBDAutoDoctor"  this phone is awesome!! But the main reason is the article below feel free to read ithey guys i know that I told you to buy the 920 but if you are a Symbian fan please don't, It was all a conspiracy to destroy Nokia [...]

I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW, IF CELLPHONE N8 WILL CONNECT IN BRAZIL. THERE IS DIFERENT CODE IN CELLPHONE TO USE IN BRAZIL?  I CAN TO USE CELL PHONE THAT I BOUGHT IN USA AND USING IN BRAZIL ? THANKS

Con este telefono nokia de verdad se la comio su camara es demesiado brutal, la cantidad de opciones que te da a nivel de hardware es increible como su transmisor FM un estandar que deberia haber en todos los equipos, su Bluetooth 3.0, la gran conexion HDMI para sacar todo el potencial del HD y pare de contar y aunque muchos critican su software ya que no pueden criticar el hardware por que es increible hay una ventaja el software se puede modificar, arreglar y mejorar como ya lo han hecho con su proxima actualizacion la tan esperada Symbiam Anna a fin de este mes, pero en cambio el hardware no se puede cambiar mucha RAM mucho procesador para que, para que me habra algo un poquito mas rapido no que va eso no cuenta para mi prefiero un gran camara o un trasmisor FM o el USB ON THE GO que me parece fenomenal es definitiva es un gran equipo muy versatil que me da todo lo que me da los demas y mas por su abanico de posibilidades por eso he comprado hasta la fecha 4 Celulares de estos y todos estamos contentos, no lo piensen si desean este equipo es EXCELENTE usandolo en Venezuela......With this telephone nokia indeed the comio his(her,your) chamber(camera) is demesiado brutally, the quantity of options that gives you to level of hardware is incredible as his(her,your) transmitter FM a standard that deberia to be in all the equipments(teams), his(her,your) Bluetooth 3.0, the great connection HDMI to extract the whole potential of the HD and stops(stop) counting(telling) and though many(many people) criticize his(her,your) software since they cannot criticize the hardware for which it(he,she) is incredible there is an advantage the software can modify, arrange and improve since(as,like) already they it have done with his(her,your) near(next) update such an awaited Symbiam Anna in order this month, but on the other hand the hardware cannot change many RAM very much processor in order that, In order that me habra slightly a bit rapid mas not that goes it does not count for my I prefer one great chamber(camera) or a trasmisor FM or the USB ON THE GO that seems to me to be phenomenal is definitive is a great very versatile equipment(team) that gives me everything what gives me the demas and mas for his(her,your) range(fan) of possibilities because of it I have bought up to the date 4 Cellular ones of these and all are satisfied, do not think it if they wish this equipment(team) it(he,she) is EXCELLENT using it in Venezuela ......

El mejor Nokia que he tenido ha sido el E71, pero creo que el mejor tel&eacute;fono del momento es el N8. No hay ning&uacute;n Android que se le asemeje. Una belleza de presencia, de estilo, de tecnolog&iacute;a, de caracter&iacute;sticas. Nokia es lo mejor de lo mejor y con este N8 me lo demuestra.

I get it yesterday and I cant stop playing with It!It has everyting WiFi, 3G, GPS, 16GB memory!!, and so many many things!People buy it!The phone is fast (no frozen times) and with the Impact Case it looks fantastic!

Bought this handset after much deliberation; nearly 3 months of comparison with competing android and windows 7 handsets. Owned a Nokia E63 before which was a great phone to begin with. Especially when you consider that I didnt want to be bound to AT&T; contract and still wanted to use the free wifi at home and work.Turns out my decision to buy this phone was right! The handset itself is light but very very solidly built. The touch interface feels very smooth. The buttons actually depress down when touched and this is very useful to know that the handset received your input. The phone is jam packed with features; which anybody can look up on the net. I will tell you what it means for me most.The phone has excellent connectivity. The moment you switch it on it will ask if you want to copy the contacts from your old phone via bluetooth. Did that and it probably took about a minute and half to transfer 350+ contact, my entire calendar. Email set up is easy. Settings are very intuitive to use especially more if you come from a symbian background. But i would expect anybody to understand it as easily as me since I am not a mobile technoguru or anything. The handset has three desktop like screens which you can customize with applications of your choice. Mine has my email accounts, to do lists, frequently called contacts etc and let me tell you it is a wonderful experience. The camera takes awesome pictures and videos. Sound from this set is loud and I mean loud but not tinny like other handsets. It is a pleasure to listen to.The phone can take a couple of seconds to switch from portrait to landscape modes but that does not happen frequently and definitely does not hamper the user experience. The phone comes with a headset with adapters for specific ear types; an HDMI cable; a USB cable and one more USB connector. The battery holds charge for about 1.5 days and this is after extensive usage with wifi, camera and playing around. I would expect it to hold charge later too and will update again at a later date.Overall, for anybody looking for a feature rich phone at an affordable price, you can not go wrong with the N8. Recommend it without any hesitation whatsoever.

buenas me gusto el producto, los recomiendo en verdad muy agradecido por todo los recomiendo son gente muy responsablessaludos.

All functions are INNOVATIVE. Until now, ONE OF THE BEST CAMERA 12 MP. Its touchscreen FASCINATING AND CURRENT, your operating system .. WONDERFUL RECOMMENDED, NO PROBLEM CAME ON TIME AND COMPLETE ACCESSORIES......

The N8 works for me. After trying other phones in the past. I love the way it allows me to sync all of my emails and my battery does not drain in a couple of hours. I am not going to compare this phone to other phones. The N8 works for me. What I love about the N8 is the call quality, battery life, camera and you can customize it to fit you. Nokia has done a great job on the N Series. I do not mind spending money for an excellent device. The only down side to the device for me is that you do not have the option to select a qwerty keyboard in portrait mode. If you are trying to decide if this is the right phone for you...make a list and if battery life ,style, internet, and email are on your list this phone is a must.  The internet reviews on this phone are one sided...the reviews are what kept me from purchasing it. Since I have purchase the N8...I no longer watch online reviews. I look for companies that have a great return policy, so I can review the phone for myself and if you are thinking about getting the N8 you should do the same. I am  forever a Nokia fan :)

I am very satisfied with my purchase. I suggest anyone willing to get a new cel phone to buy this one.

I have been using Iphone 3GS and 4 for the last 3 years.  I have two children, and every moment is precious with them.  I had DSLR, but it is not always with you when you need it. So camera function is really important to me.  Iphone 4 had a decent camera.  And its UI is very stable and easy to use. But, Apple never gives you enough and charges a lot. Long story short, I pulled the trigger and purchased Nokia N8. I have been using it for a week, and I really liked it. Yes, there are some flaws with Symbian 3. I had to consult google at least 5 times to set up stable wi-fi, emails and bluetooth with this phone.  You need some tricks - such as inserting another sim card to see yahoo mail set up option, and once you set up your yahoo email, you can put back your original sim car and it will work.  Also you can not accept meeting invite in exchange! Symbian developers missed that! Or, when in your car connected via bluetooth, the speakers of the phone will not work.  So you can use call funtion via car speakers, but if you want to listen to music from your phones speakers, your phone cant do that.  The phone defaults the speaker/headphone/bluetooth and it does not allow you to switch back and forth (maybe this function is burried somewhere in deeper options).  It is a little slow also compare to Iphone 4.  And finaly screen is smaller than iphone and not as impressive.However, if you can accept above glitches, this phone has great functions.  Here they are:- On the go USB and able to access phone folders- Best camera in any phone in the market - with photo/video editting.- HDMI - we watched couple videos over our flat screen tv and it is super!- Real GPS - yes, it takes about 2 minutes to locate a satellite but it works great and it is free!- Very good speaker- Strange enough, after a week, I really liked the UI.  It is much faster to check your emails, couple important news, facebook updates just in 30 seconds.  I do not need to go app by app and spend 3 minutes to get the same info.- I can dump my data plan.  I do have wifi at work and at home.- there are useful application at Ovi store like bloomberg and that is what I need.What i would like to improve:- Fix various software issues- Camera lens should protected better - sticking out is not a good idea- Allow users to merge widgets- Make the screen widerAbout Nokia - if you decide to win US market, invest in customer service!  People having issues with Nokia N8 should not forced to wait even a day to replace/fix the phone.  Respect your customers and do not try to get even with them esp. if the problem is caused by your product.

Excellent phone, awesome camera for pictured and HD video. Fast Belle OS. Excellent phone, awesome camera for pictured and HD video. Fast Belle OS.Excellent phone, awesome camera for pictured and HD video. Fast Belle OS.

I bought this phone for my wife and I'm sorry to say that I had to return it. She just purchased a 2013 Hyundai Santa Fe and she needed a smart phone to access the car's bluetooth capabilities (such as remote start from ANYWHERE). However,we eventually found out that the phones bluetooth function was not compatible with the Hyundai's system. (there's only one Nokia phone that is).There are only 2 other aspects of the phone that I didn't like. The first involves the "LOCK" feature. You can set it to lock  anywhere from 1 to 5 minutes....but believe it or not, you can't turn it off.The other thing is with regards to the phones "Symbian Operating System" (which I believe that Nokia has since abandoned. If you buy this phone you're not going to be going to GOOGLE PLAY to choose from thousands of Android Apps....the phone is NOT an Android. You're going to the NOKIA Store....and believe me....there's a lot less apps to choose from.Other than that everything else is great....build quality, Wi-FI, bluetooth, browser, camera...so, I give it 4 stars....it's the right phone for somebody.

just played with N8 a few days ago. first, let me state I have been quite a few mobile phones these years, just recent include nokia e71,e63,e72,n97,x6;iphone 3g;htc desire, bb curve/storm2. i would say , with this release, Nokia finally ,partly catches up with iPhone - only first generation back in 2007!the software is absolutely lousy. it will drive you mad doing even simple tasks like connect to wifi.the whole os looks exactly like symbian^1, why they name it symbian^3?yes, browser is lot better, thx to the a little better cpu. but the on screen keypad in portrait mode is night mare. though the screen is 3.5 inch, same as iPhone, but remember this is 16:9 screen, makes it narrower than iPhone,that short size makes all the difference, no way to type fluently like on iPhone.just do not spend your own hard earned dollar on this piece!

I buy this item, and it comes not functional, doesn't receive battery load, I have to go to an authorized workshop, to get it fixed, in the workshop they said to me that a lot of this phones come in that way from fabric!! The phone its a great phone, but that kind of troubles get me down.

Bought 2 of these at different times and had to return each one.The first unit had a call problem; I could hear the caller on the other end of the line, but they could not hear me.The second phone had three problems; 1) WIFI did not work; 2) The AMOLED screen had the purple screen defect (all grays display as purple); 3) The phone would reboot itself.I really wanted this product to work, but each phone had to be returned.  Contrary to popular belief, this phone is NOT covered by a warranty.  Nokia was a good company and used to make a good product, but this model changed my mind about the company.

I got this phone for the camera... and it has not disappointed.  It's wonderful.  It blows away my Olympus point and shoot. After seeing the pictures on my screen, my friends all thought this phone was a nice camera.  They were surprised when they found out it was actually a phone.  The Nokia apps are a bit limited compared to Android and iphone, but there are plenty and I have yet to say "I wish there was an app for this!"  Nokia GPS has performed VERY well too, even re-routing us around a road closure shortly after a huge wreck!The only thing the US version is lacking is Asian language support.  Nokia has dropped the ball by limiting language.  Evidently there are fixes, though it's not easy.The camera takes consistently great pictures, and video quality is good.  Two issues, though.  There is no LED light to light up dark scenes for video.  The camera flash is great, but red-eye is pretty bad.  I hope new software improvements with the Belle OS will improve this.If you're looking for a phone with a camera that can replace a dedicated point-and-shoot camera, this is absolutely it.Price paid: $299 on black Friday

This phone is great and despite the cost I would buy another one if something happened to it. For me, that says a lot because I've always been a cheap-o with telephones and I only broke down and bought this one because of the camera features that are useful for my line of work. Speaking of the camera features, the quality of the pictures and the video taken on this phone is superior to those of any cameras or video cameras that I've ever had. Also, the pictures and videos are consistently great and I am more likely to take a great picture on the first shot without having to worry about lighting and stuff like that. The flash is awesome and night pics come out like they were taken in the afternoon with full clarity of the target. I usually take of the flash in dim settings because I realized the lens didn't need the extra light and took even better pictures without it. THe music player, wifi, keyboard, and many other features combined with the cameras make this phone very underrated. However, I don't mind the phone being underrated because I am usually the only one that has this phone and I like being the only one out of the people that I know to have it. I bought one for my wife and she loves it also.

In the junk heap. It was fine while it worked, but one day it locked up never to return. Not recommended.

Great point and shoot CameraGreat Video CameraGreat GPSGreat world-wide Phoneplus I use for alarm clock and MP3 playerThis phone is truly a device for the the on-the-go traveler!WARNING: If you install ANNA, DO NOT install SP1. This will make replying to SMS messages to contacts prior to the installation more difficult as you will be unable to reply inside the conversation. FRUSTRATING!

I was very exited when I received the phone as I was looking to get a phone a good camera so I could stop carrying my point and shoot camera around. Almost immediately I realized that the colors weren't as crisp and the darks were slightly off. At first I thought it was a camera issue, but then after downloading the pictures to the computer and viewing on a different screen, came to realize that the blacks and darker grays are displayed as purples. I went online and did a little bit of research and found out that most of the newer phones( manufactured in Finland after Dec2010) have this issue. There are some tests you can do see if you have this issue, the purple hue is clearly visible in the upper half of the analog clock screensaver and the 'unlock' box.This does not affect the functionality of the phone or the camera, but if you a detail-oriented person like me, it's something you will have to see everyday and that can be very annoying. Spoke to amazon customer service about this issue and they were nice enough to send me a replacement but unfortunately even that has the same issue and have to send them both back.

I ordered this phone from Amazon and got it delivered in just 2 days, with free Super Saving Shipping. I got to tell that the phone has gone well beyond my expectations (in my first few days of use) and I've started loving it since I received it. It has got a lot of features and will still take some more time for me to get acquainted with all the properties that the phone has gotten. The Look-and-Feel is great, impeccable screen resolution, smart Social Networking features and as some of the other users said, there seems to be some drag with the Symbian OS. Otherwise, the quality of the photos/videos with the camera is really outstanding, and it's one of the prime attractions in this phone. In short, everything seems to be OK at least for the time being...

Purchased N8-00 in October 2010.  Loved the phone, reception, etc. were great.  Good connectivity to various networks.All the features I needed for what I use it for.  June 2011, froze and would not shut off.  Finally got it to shut down but, would not restart.Did a hard reset per instructions and it was up and running.  End of July, would not start,did a re-set and ok.  Sept. 17, 2011 had been using and shut down.That was fine, 2 minutes later tried to restart, nothing. None of the recommended methods for bringing it back to life worked.  Connected to computer with USBcable but device could not be found by my compuer or Nokia OVI.  Contacted Nokia, under warranty. Completed on line forms and they e-mailed me a UPS return label  2nd day air ). Mailed out today to Nokia.  They claim I'll have it back in 7-10 days.  Fortunately, I saved my old phone  Nokia N75 ). Dropped in the SIM card and it works perfectly as always.  Wish the N8 had been as reliable !  Will advise once phone is returned from Nokia .Update:  Excellent customer service on this.  Received e--mail in 4 days advising me they were sending me a new phone.  10 days after mailing out my defective phone, I had a new one. OS Software updated, and it is operating better than the origninal.  Reception is excellent, love the maps / GPS and the camera / video are the best I've seen in a phone.Just saw specs on new Apple 4s and it still is no match for this phone. Some may prefer a different OS but, for my needs, this is the best. Bottom line, my wife wants a new phone and this it will be this phone or an E-7.

I FEEL SAD TRUTH AS ME KNOW HOW HE CAN NOT CONTROL THE PHONE IN ANOTHER LANGUAGE. WE'RE SUPPOSED TO AMERICA AND SPOKEN ENGLISH, SPANISH AND PORTUGUESE. THE TELEPHONE EXCHANGE BRINGS IN A SET OF EUROPE WITH DUTCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN. BRAVO IS HERE IN VENEZUELA MOVE BETWEEN THE MENUS TO SUCH LANGUAGES

This is a nice Smartphone, is really fast, no lags and better performance after a installed the PR1.1. Camera it's just unbeliaveable, you can take amazing pics. I got tons of games installed already and it runs fast, all of them.The HDMI its a nice add and the USB-On-The-Go its just perfect.Many people dont like this phone because of SymbianOS, but it would receive a mayor upgrade soon and it changes the UI...I recomend this smartphone to anyone who ask me about it

I was always a Nokia Fan, but this time I'm truly disappointed.A real smart phone playing in this league should be able to perform a proper Video phone call with Skype

I've used a lot of smart phones extensively, so here's my take on it.PROS1. amazing camera. still unrivaled amongst phones, even the n9 is going to have a worse camera than the n8.2. snappy UI, great performance.3. great call quality (i'm using it with an AT&T; sim card).4. GPS is matched only by google maps, with better turn-by-turn directions and the option to store maps offline so you don't use data when you're out and about (great for prepaid and for those no-longer 'unlimited' data plans).5. solid build quality/aesthetics (i have the orange and it looks amazing)6. amazing quality screen7. impressive OS flexibility*CONS1. related to pro #2 - the snappy UI comes about because the system it's built on is ancient. For polish/intuitiveness, you can't beat iPhone/Android, even Windows Phone 7 or WebOS.2. GPS search is abysmal compared to google maps. Though comparable to car GPS systems.3. screen has low resolution**4. OVI store is not nearly as solid as Windows Phone 7/WebOS or as massive as Android Market/App Store.SPECIAL NOTES* the OS is really capable, with features built-in you wouldn't find on other phones. It's got an FM transmitter (so you can broadcast your music to your car radio). It can function as a network interface for tethering your computer. It's got a solid bluetooth implementation so you can drop files onto it wirelessly (can't do that on iPhone/iPad). Nokia also builds syncing software; not as polished as iTunes, but way better than what other companies provide; the mac syncing stuff that nokia has hooks into iCal, iPhoto, iTunes to boot.** the screen has really low resolution, but is still vibrant and crisp. because of the display, blacks are PURE black (darkness) and not backlit. you really have to see it in person to know what i mean.overall, despite its shortcomings, if you know what to expect, you won't be disappointed. especially for the price you get for this at amazon, the GPS/camera alone make it worth more than any HD android phone out there for anyone who doesn't like to be under contract.

Hi !i just buy it this item . it,s realy garbage ..  freezing and battery ding in 2 hours...

TODO EL SERVICIO FUE EXCELENTE,  BIEN... LLEGO EL TELEFONO EN PERFECTO ESTADO NUEVO Y EN POCO TIEMPO....DESDE MIAMI A  VENEZUELA....

this is my second Nokia, first one i had was N72....needed some other phone after my Samsung Galaxy.... thought to give it a shot....really good phone....so far no problems that i am concerned abt.....Nokia is a good and trusted company.... the only thing i wish if they also had google market instead of ovi.... but so far not having any complaints....phone is working fine and have lots of app. also ordered the sd card for extra memory....it do takes a lot of time to transfer any movies in the phone....as it converts and transfer....don't have much to say now for the phone....will probably update after a while abt it.....UPDATE SEPT. 26 2012SO, IT'S ALMOST 2 MONTHS SINCE I HAD THIS PHONE. THE BEST FEATURE OF THE PHONE IS THE CAMERA. 12MP & CLARITY IS AWESOME, U DON'T NEED ANYTHING WHEN YOU HAVE THIS.BUT LAST FEW DAYS I STARTED TO HAVE PROBLEMS AS IT WASN'T ACCEPTING SIM CARD. I DON'T HAVE A CLUE ON EARTH WHY OR WHAT WAS THE REASON. I JUST TRADE IN WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY S II.PLUS N8 FREEZES A LOT WHILE DOING SOMETHING. IT WAS JUST GETTING ME PISSED OFF BUT I HAD TO STAY CALM ON THAT PART.WELL GOOD LUCK GUYS WITH THAT ONE CUZ WHAT OTHER THING I HEARD THAT NOKIA IS NOT GOOD IN MAKING SMART PHONES. I LOVED THEIR N72 THO.N8 FOR ME, LASTED JUST AROUND 2 MONTHS.

I would like to warn the potential buyers that Nokia decided to kill the Symbian and go with Windows phone 7 OS. So we may not see any significant updates to this phone in future as initially promised by Nokia. So think before buying any Symbian device.I mainly bought this phone because of :1. Excellent camera2. Excellent build quality3. Free stand alone GPS receiver and excellent ovi maps (No data plan or internet required to use maps)4. Excellent functionality of the Symbian (I am not a fan of flashy UI)5. Not carrier branded (i.e. not loaded with carrier bloat ware as well as not crippled by carriers. I just need wifi and do not need 3G. I am using this phone with AT&T; without data plan.)It is very sad that Nokia decided to go with WP7. This means that we will not have any mobile OS that is not restricted by carriers.Price on this phone was reduced by 30 bucks after the Nokia's announcement. I think the price will drop further. If you really want this phone, I think it is better to wait.

It's been about 10 months I have the smartphone N8.The main problem I see on this smartphone is that it often crashes for no apparent reason. The screen freezes, and after a few seconds it turns off and on automatically. So at least once a day the phone does a kind of reboot. And mainly, when I need to use the phone at that very moment, as you can imagine.In the motion sensor mode enabled, the screen quickly rotates from one side to the other with small changes of phone position. So, it may be somewhat tricky to type a message, and one must keep the phone quite still in hand. It's very annoying. No comments about on screen keyboard. Iphone is incomparably better in this regard.The touchscreen is very sensitive to touch and a little inaccurate. You can easily tap into an application or a key that you had no intention to. I am 6 feet tall and I have an average finger size, so I think this is an issue that many other users may have been experiencing.Bizarrely, from time to time, one applications seem to open like spontaneously, without any command. Again, very annoying.Also, the response time of the phone is somewhat slow, that is, from tapping to have the application open and fully functional it takes long seconds.On the other hand, the utilities that I understand more positives are the GPS, which is very accurate and captures the satellite quickly, and the 12MP camera, which is awesome.Peace and blessings.Update: February 11th, 2012. Nokia provided a very nice OS upgrade. The phone became smoother, the screen less sensitive. And I have not experienced those blackout any more, expect just one time last week. This was a superb improvement! Keyboard became now a decent one, and screen outfit can now be easily configured with nice stylish buttons. I have just became someone about to like the phone after those improvements! Very nice job Nokia! Keep on improving it! For now, I keep it four stars.Peace and blessings.

I don't know what to say except, go buy a phone from the store instead! Mine was arrived dead when got it. I am going for the iPhone 3gs unlocked brand new right from the Apple store. iPhone 3gs is going to be cheaper and better in my opinion! Cheers.

My NOKIA N8 broke down after a month of using it. Will not power UP or charge. Found out that there was a HW (Hardware) issue that occurred during the assembly process early on and that it only affected few units. Im having the phone repaired (Under warranty) at this time.1) I only wished that NOKIA would have had a recall of these affected units instead of waiting for the customer to complain.2) I am unable to tell by IMEIs if my phone was one of them. They (NOKIA) will not disclose that information.3) All of my save pics in the phone will be lost.SUMMARY:I bought the phone for the camera specs. It takes great pictures which I love, but the O/S (Sim #3) is nothing to cry home about. I only hope that when I receive my repaired unit back I will no longer have any more issues to worry about. I still the phone overall. Thanks

Phone Look like new and its working PERFECT, NET service its not FREE you have topay nothing is free or you can use your Neighborhood wireless.

I JUST RECIEVED MY PHONE YESTERDAY I WAS VERY EXCITED BUT NOKIA REALLY DISAPPOINTED ME  THIS PHONE LOOKS NICE AND VERY LIGHT WEIGHT  PHONE BUT SOFTWARE IS HORRIBLE NOT EASY TO USE ALSO IF YOU DOWNLOAD SOMETHING FROM OVI STORE.  IT SHOWS ERROR.  MOST OF THEM DOES NOT WORK.NOKIA`S SMART PHONES  (IF YOU CALL N8 SMART PHONE!) WORST PHONE EVER SEEN IN MARKET.  DONT BUY IT.  DOES NOT WORTH IT

Nokia N8 comes with Symbian Anna OS and it is optimized for a smartphone like this with easy-to-use interface. There are many good review about the endless features like the camera with xenon flash and autofocus, Bluetooth 3.0, HDMI with doldy digital output, 16 GB internal and slot for another 16 GB memory card, capacitive touch screen, operating system, GPS Free Maps and navigation (Very fast GPS triangulation), F-Secure, Adobe Reader, QuickOffice, Email with Microsoft Exchange support, Communicator, Corporate Intranet connectivity, Text-to-speech engine, one search tool to search phone content/web/maps/everything, 3.5G, Wifi tethering support. Great apps from Nokia store like Nokia situations, Panorama, Poynt, Angry birds, Wellness Diary, Spotify, etc.Only minor problems I experienced are: The proximity sensor seems to ditch at times and screen activates during a call. I endup accidentally disconnecting/muting the call by touching the screen. I understood that this problem exists in other brands which sport proximity sensor. Also the phone's loud speaker is housed in the camera/flash compartment which protrudes outward like a bump. So if you keep the phone faceup on soft bed or couch, chances are that you will not hear the phone ringing. Also the speaker is mono, no dual speakers for stereo as Nokia N900 has.Overall it is a very good device to own and I am completely enjoying the product.

New Phone!I had been holding off getting a smart phone as they have been out of my price range, till lately.I have all the gadgets though, a cell phone, GPS, pocket PC, camera and laptop. Finally bought other brand that had to go back then a second other brand that did not arrive, then decided that I have had 3 or 4 Nokia with no issue to get the N8. Not disappointed when it arrived great look and feel and after a couple weeks I am getting use to the UI and finding way around.Great wifi connectivity, gets mail instantly and web surfing zooms too, just a little limited in what you see.Initially I was having trouble with the wifi not shutting off as it should by the manual but see from other user that it will not shut off, found work around and that is put phone in offline mode, problem there you can not get phone calls.Other gripe is related to document capabilities, as I big on pdf reading find that the pdf reader is inferior to my 5yr HP Ipac, uses a lot of the screen prorifery which reduces the actual available view screen and has no overflow mode, can work around and maybe there is an AP that will fix this.Now find the battery may be way off spec, I have turned off all key tones and vib stuff as well as on GSM only, charge at night down to one bar in morning in normal setting! In offline mode with no calls and little other use the battery will go 5days (~100hrs) always have full bars reception via AT&T.;I have done more investigation and have changed the mail settings way down to 12hr sync and a lot of the other stuff they mention in the manual under extending battery life. If this works I will give back a star otherwise I will look to return the phone.Six months now!Now had this phone over six months, I have had to put that extra star up as I managed to sort out the battery life. I keep the phone in power save mode and the phone goes most of the week without recharge.Love the GPS as long as I do not need to navigate about a big CBD (inner city area), I found that the screen goes into standby mode which was a worry, but the GPS does reawaken before any directional change.The one minor annoyance with wifi in power save mode is that the ISP connection must reload every time you change pages, open email or the like. Not a problem unless you have an account that must be logged into everytime you connect, one of my networks is like this but I am currently trying a new authentication system which should fix this.Found Quick Office APP for pdf reading with reflow (US$9.95) like I want, loaded easy only not full function removed as advised now have issue with some setting cruption. Will have to go through factory reset that includes saving all data and wiping current custom phone config, what a hassle!!!*** Remember to ask either your ISP provider, your mobile network provider, your APP provider or Nokia techies for assistance if you have issues as they are usual able to assist and should find most genuine to help, maybe some newbies will give grief but work through for piece of mind ***All in all I am really happy with this phone, it looks cool, it has what I need, it was a reasonable price and I can use my own mobile provider. Would give four and half star.The big new gripe I have is that the N9 has just come to my attention and now I want that.

On 5/13/2011 I purchased two Nokia N8 to use on trip to Brazil.Upon my arrival I found that neither of the units would work. They will turn on nor accept a charge. I will return these units to Amazon upon my arrival back in the states and expect a full refund.

Good phone but some ovi applications doesn't work properly... sometimes it gets slow.Un excelente modelo pero algunas aplicaciones descargables del portal OVI no funcionan bien y en ocaciones cuando tienes varias aplicaciones abiertas se "cuelga"... por lo dem&aacute;s est&aacute; bien.

Llevo poco mas de una semana con el producto y esta muy lento, y trato de no tener muchas aplicaciones abiertas para ver si esto se debe a eso, se me ha reiniciado en un par de oportunidades. La verdad no es lo que esperaba. insatisfecha con mi compra. Es raro porque casi todos mis tel&eacute;fonos han sido nokia y nunca hab&iacute;a tenido problemas.

Features are good. But!!! The phone connects to known wi-fi's automatically and there's no way to stop it. So even if you make all the widgets offline, battery does not last for 20 hours. But if there's not any contact with known wi-fi's it's OK(Up to 3 days!

This phone is harder to use than the iPhone.  It is so hard to go back to the previous screen without having to start over again. I do not like the fact that the phone went down in value so fast. When Amazon ship me the phone I receive the phone for three days and check the price of the phone and it went down by a hundred dollars. When I call customer service to see if I could get a credit for the difference and they refuse to do so. I am really diappointed.  Overall the phone is really hard to function  I like the iPhone better

Nokia for me always represented Built like a tank quality levels. This product general built is also very good quality, better than the crappies blackberries, huawei and motorolla, it does is. Camera quality it's the best of the best, very very clear pictures, but no so good in rooms with poor ligth. Adding memory you will have lot of space to record pics and videos. Some cons are the battery, it doesnt long more than 1 day, it's annoying having to charge it almost every day, it seems consuming too much power and doesnt like or know how to save it, software and functions get choppy when battery is dying. Software is too complex and confusing, i really hate this part, even considering switch to a less &#34;advanced&#34; phone with a simple software like Nokia E72 wich i owned, Applications and functions depend on internet speed, mine is very bad and slow so i can't take advantage of this, except to watch my Email's accounts, sending sms it's easy for the dictionary and size of the virtual keyboard, but responsiveness of screen vary acording to power stock, which is always dying whenever i need the phone, lol. Graphical power is good, games play as old NES and Music Videos look really really amazing, terrific colours, sound it's loud but mediocre. Web browsing is fast for me as much as i use the wifi.As corollary, regardin to battery life i think buying a brand new battery should fix the issue, and about connectivity well, i cant blame the cellular since my Telecomunications provider is the real guitly for its bad and unestable service. The software it is too complex and you gotta be patience to understand it. I give 4 starts since i just like it but dont love it.Would i recommend it? Yes i would, indeed everything from Nokia worth buying.

The Nokia Belle operation system is as smooth as the HP webos. The browser is still a bit slow. This firmware upgrate is a must for N8 users.Before the Belle upgrade, make sure the phone security code is reset to the default number.

I was hoping for this phone to be as amazing as it seemed; however, I have been entirely unsuccessful in determining whether it is or not.The model I received on 5/30/12 was D.O.A - from what I've read, the battery has the possibility of refusing a charge once it dips below a certain point. Hoping that I simply had acquired a faulty unit, I promptly exchanged the phone for a new one from Amazon.Unfortunately, the same problem persists in the second handset as well; the charging indicator light won't even respond. Needless to say, I am quite disappointed.The production date for both handsets is February of 2011 - perhaps newer batches do not suffer from the same issue. Nevertheless, I am now somewhat disillusioned by this product, and will be requesting a refund shortly.

Excellent product. more than I expected. software is quite fast and free games and downloading applications from the Ovi Store, the camera is spectacular. the input mode of writing is very comfortable. the sensitivity of the screen is excellent. performance 1200amp battery is good but with a battery of serious 1500amp much better. the quality of the games in high definition are espetaculares, when loading a game is little slow but in the game you forget that because it is very fast.

I have one word to say aboth this phone,i am still learning to use it but this phone is awsome. Went oversea and just put a sim card in, and it was ready.Best phone i ever own no problem.I give it a five.

I love this Phone, It has all features shown in the web page, its fast and beauty, but I have two complaints with Nokia.1st I want to update my phone to nokia anna but it seems it has not yet "authorized" so I have still the factory symbian version.2nd When you want to use Ovi Maps without a data plan, the phone hangs and reboot, as a solution I increased memory amount used by ovi maps and changed positioning methods to use only GPS, leaving all other options unchecked. Now works like a champ.I wish nokia could be more flexible with firmware updates as other phone an os vendors.EDITAfter installed nokia Belle, seems every thing works great now, it runs smoother and faster than ever before.

I LOVE my Nokia N8.  I travel a lot in Europe and the US, and not only has it replaced my old phone, it has handily replaced my point-and-shoot camera as well.  The photos and videos I have taken over the past couple of months are of excellent quality, rivaling my older DSLR camera (and it's so much smaller!)  The N8 has also worked with every mobile network I've bought a SIM for, so it has excellent call reception both in the US and in every European country I've tried.Some people try to malign the N8 for its Symbian operating system, but I really don't find it a major problem.  The user interface I find more or less as easy to use as Android, and there have been several UI improvements, with more on the way.  There are not as many apps in the Nokia Ovi Store as there are in the Android Marketplace, but the apps available are most often of high quality and utility.  (Especially check out Gravity, a brilliant social media app for Twitter/Facebook/Foursquare users!)In summary:  for the serious cameraphone enthusiast, the camera module's excellent lens and 12MP sensor, combined with the outstanding call quality and versatility, outweigh any minor niggles with the OS.  If your primary concerns are camera quality and/or call quality, there really is nothing else better on the market right now than the Nokia N8.

This phone does everything you need without problems, from business needs to social networking. It looks awesome, design is very nice.You could spend twice the price of this phone for extra performance which 95% of the people does not need or is going to use.Great product from NOKIA.

Just one word, wow! it's amazing this phone, it has everything, the camera it's great, it's fast, the response of the touch screen it's great, i love this phone :)

2 days after using it phone stoped working, wont turn on wont charge, just a blank screen.. sending it back to nokia DC, hope they will give a new N8,,very disappointed!

experience with the n8 was successful. what I did not like when I got the phone was not working, and I had to take it to service where I was told that the battery came damaged. was why I bother with amazon that sold me a phone with a damaged battery. the phone has new battery and works great. new battery for the phone in my country cost me $ 58.14 and Venezuela is not just because the phone was to bring ua new battery in good condition. so I recommend you pueben the goods to ensure its proper functioning and amazon buyers we will not be harmed as happened to me, that I should pay more money to operate the phone they buy

i love this phone. unique style, solid aluminum case and all the amenities that will outlast many other phones.btw, its battery life exceeds my expectation.

Considering other phones include iPhone and Samsung Galaxy and all those HTC phones, i have no regret to choose this Nokia N8.Biggest thing is its camera.Better than iPhone 4s and the video quality recorded is impressed but the FPS is not enough for the smooth play.Another 2 things: HDMI output, Nokia PC Suit Co-op.The HDMI output makes the play of Video and Photo so much easier. And the interface of the software on the screen is cool and friendly. Also it can print the screen of the phone onto the screen, which enables that you can have a much larger screen for your phone when you are using it to web or even play games.Nokia PC Suit is so powerful. The most evaluate point is PC can access the Internet through N8 if N8 can access to Mobile Network. That allows my laptop to get the Internet everywhere.GPS, Applications can touch sreen are common advantages.Thinking about the price, the is the best phone i got.

Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touch Screen Phone with GPS, Voice Navigation and 12MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Blue)The best phone/camera/player/everything else it does.Easy to use, lost cost and lots of fun.

El producto en lineas generales es muy bueno, software rapido, comodo, y las aplicaciones multimedia son muy buenas, la camara es excelente y la memoria interna grande. El unico detalle de este producto es que los auriculares no suenan fuerte y no responden las teclas del mismo. De resto el producto es muy bueno.

Four stars only because the phone is now dated. No four G holds it back and sadly Nokia will drop  Symbian in the near future. That being said I love this phone it does everything I need it to do quite well.  Battery life is very good, reception is above average and and it's rugged.  It's been dropped onto concrete from six foot up a few times and could care less.  Screen is small by the standard of today's phones but find it readable in bright sunlight. Very very nice camera.  Has never crashed in the year I've had it. No Google  or apple tracking your every move.  and wanting to keep you on the  &#34;farm&#34;  But some specific apps  for say your bank and such are just not available and won't be.  And download a different browser Nokia's is a tad slow.  Anyhow bottom line is I'm  keeping this thing until it just won't work any more I like it that much!  Unfortunately I will leave Nokia after this phone as do not wish to be forced to a windows phone and not going to android or ios  either.  Pity.  Nokia makes great hardware.  If you can live with some limitations this is a great phone.

I have had a long line of Nokia products, from N95 and  N86 to various older models.  I purchased the N8 as a potential upgrade. However, this phone did not even come with a user guide, the touch screen felt like it should be a mall kiosk and the highly praised camera was not any better then my N86, but more complicated.-----I returned the phone and am about to buy an HTC desire.

I just recieved a Orange N8 (3/31/2011) that was victim to the AMOLED "Purple" screen issue, this may mean there is a bad batch in the Amazon warehouse. Google "N8 Screen Problem" to learn more. But just be cautious.  On a lighter note, this was to be my second N8, it may not be the pretiest UI but is definatley does the most of any smart phone I have owned, and i have had my fare share (2.2 Froyo, iOS4, S60, S40) If you are looking for a dependable "Do anything" device this is it, If you are loking for constant fun, look elseware. If it is photo and video that you love, look no further and hit the "add to cart" button.

I was very disappointed. I was told this was in very good shape. It doesn't work. It doesn't charge. It doesn't do anything. Have to send it back for a refund.

Still fiddling with this. So far, I am impressed.-I liked the phone from first glance. Looks sleek and feels good in the hand.-The operating system is intuitive and has a built in user guide.-The screen quality is clean, crisp and sharp.-Internal 14 GB of momory.-12 MP camera with a real working flash (I was sold right here)-It takes clear HD video.-Comes with connectivity cables to TV, USB, jump drives.The down-For such a recent and feature filled phone, I would have expected at least 3G connectivity. This is EDGE. (does not affect my usage of the phone, but unexpected)Excellent buy. I'm happy so far. I just hope it is as sturdy as Nokia phones of past, have not had any accidents to test this...

Excelente celular de muy buena calidad, la atenci&oacute;n desde realizada la compra hasta el env&iacute;o del producto muy buena.Recomiendo esta empresa.

This was a gift.  It is fantastic. I love it.It has everything and I love the touch screen.It is going to take me ages to learn how to use it properly but I am sure I will enjoy every minute!  Every day I find something new!!!!

It is unfortunate that Nokia and their Symbian OS are not given a fair look in North America.  The N8 smart-phone is one of the speediest, most powerful, and versatile phones on the market today.  Fully capable of all major functions needed in a phone (unlike other fruity phones' inabilities to send simple MMS), intelligent network management and switching, and a growing library of applications make it a fantastic device.And come on...  Dexter uses it.  Hello?!?!? What more do you need?

June 2012,After doing a lot of research on this phone  I decided to give it a try because I needed a camera so it seemed like a good deal.  I bought it a month ago, the phone I received was dead,returned it right away, a day after I received new one (coustomer service and delivery was just amazing), which was working just fine. Camera and video features are great as expected. Most people complain about the phone freezing. Untill now I have not had such a problem, may be just luck or I updated the phone regularly.  Processor is little slow but I think it is normal for the money paid for it. Only problem I had is the digital keyboard is too small, when you text or open the browser you hit  wrong keys very often. This is a simple problem that could have been predicted and resolved properly.  Overall, I am pleased with the product it satisfied my needs. If you want this phone for internet, I would not recommend it. If you buy it for its camera and loud speaker go for it!!!I'will update my review should I have any problem.

This is a stellar phone after two hours of using it. I do not know what the complaint is on the OS. Works fine, fast, easy to use. Much more substantial than the HTC Desire, prettier in blue, does what you need it to do, fast as the Desire and I have had one which worked fine, but has nothing on the N8. So read the reviews, listen to the detractors if you want, but this is on a par with any of them and far ahead in feel, sturdiness, and the camera...well, no comparison.

telefon  w fazach testow ale moge powiedziec ze jest pozytywnie ,generalnie telefon sluzy do dzwonienia wiec nie mozna sie czepiac ze maly procesor malo ramu itp.jak ktos chce wiecej niech kupuje u konkurencji.telefon juz mial wgrana anne doszly tylko sp itp.wsztkie potrzebne aplikacje znajdziemy na stronach noki ovi store. mala rada dla poczatkujacych uzytkownikow  tego telefonu, zapisanie sie na jakies forum internetowe dotyczace n8 jest tego duzo albo strony polskie albo europejskie.jedynie do czego moge sie przyczepic to cena troche mogla by byc nizsza :).prosty telefon z wytrzymala bateria w aluminiowej obudowie z dobrym aparatem fotograficznym.polecam.

I love the N8 phone for all it promises. However, I have to give it a one star rating. I live in Taiwan so maybe my version is different from the US version. I bought my first N8 phone 4 1/2 days ago. It lasted 4 hours before it started to freeze and crash. I found it hard to turn it on and off. The next day I took it back and got my second one. It lasted 12 hours before it too crashed and I couldn't get it to turn on again. It was completely dead. I'm now on my 3rd phone which hasn't crashed yet so I'm hopeful. It's been 20 hours.I read a report on the internet, quoting someone from Nokia admitting there was an assembly line problem with the N8. He said there were only a limited amount of phones with this problem. He said to call Nokia.

Bought this a few months ago, no problems so far.I don't use my phone for anything other than: calls, texts, photos, gmail, facebook, internet and the occasional gps.  It does the job for my purposes and the battery life is excellent, which is very important to me. The camera is very good, especially in low light.  I bought it in part because it is supposed to have good global gps, and I am anticipating travel to Europe this year for work, so hopefully it lives up to my expectations.My last phone was an n97 that threw up all over itself and died one day after 3 years of faithful service.  I appreciated the similarities this phone has to the n97 in terms of user interface, I was able to learn it very quickly.  If it lasts me 3 years I will be very happy.

Hi It's great, not wow like i-phone4.Pros- good look.- good camera- good video recordingCons-camera with flash light very bad.- wi-fi  OMG I can't connect in my college because operating system not supported.....so  for students useless...  :(

I had a Nokia 5230 Nuron and liked it so well I decided to step up to the N8. Great phone; great features and plenty bells and whistles (those that complain it needs more apparently have too much time free time on their hands).  Solid construction, no cheap plastic and thenokia screen lock feature is still the best!

I bought this phone just few months back. It was working great for some time. Now, for the same settings as I was using before, the battery runs out in less than a day without phone usage. If I use the phone for making calls and text messaging, the battery runs out even faster.I also set up autolock after 1 min and screen display off after 5 seconds, but none of these settings work anymore. It is so frustrating to deal with this phone.

Im so happy with this phone... because it has the best camera on a cell phone!And this feature in a cellphone is the best for me. I agree that the OS is not the best...But its not so bad! Bye

First the battery died. Then it crashed while i was taking a photo. I have paid over 100 bucks trying to fix it at a nokia service shop. and now, just after getting it back, i put my sim card in a it crashes again. the only thing that comes up when i turn it on is the nokia logo. then it turns off. sad sad very very sad. my trust is lost.

If you want to buy Nokia Symbian smartphone now, you know what you are going to get so go for it you won't regret. I was a happy Nokia E71 user and I replaced it with this new N8. I am a happy Nokia N8 user now.

what do I have to say? Is pretty cell phone I brought it for a friend, great camera, the only thing I dont like is the OS Simbian that is actually out of support....

EXCELENTE EQUIPO ES MUY COMPLETO Y LA C&Aacute;MARA ES LO MEJOR Q HAY... UNO DE LOS MEJORES Q EXISTEN... LO RECOMIENDO

It's processor is slow, GPS is very good, battery is ok, th camera is 12 MP but the pictures are not good. I think it is better to buy Iphone [ASIN:B0041E5G32 Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 32GB (AT&T)]]

The phone is ok.. but when i bought i ask for the gray color and finally I received the silver/white color.  I can't return it because I'm from Ecuador and I have to pay a lot more for resend it and for a mistake that wasn't mine.  I finally had to resign and keeping the phone but very disappointed with this Amazon's mistake. Please take more care with deliveries made.

Having trouble with the phone. Tried calling customer support with no success. There is no warrenty even though it says there is one. Amazon has been no help with the matter either. Buyer beware!!! Great phone but if you have any problems, you are out of luck and a couple hundred $$$

Ordered what I thought was a new phone. Sure its older but no where did the ad state that it was used. What I received was an obviously used phone phone with a cracked screen. I'll update the review after I receive the replacement......if it ever shows up.UPDATESecond phone arrived and seems to work fine. It does what I need it to do so. Too bad amazon felt the need to lie about the shipment date and actually send it out the day before it was supposed to be delivered. I've noticed anything shipped by amazon is guaranteed to arrive late.UPDATE 2second phone also malfunctioning in less than a week. now waiting on refund.

Battery is junk, unless it's just my phone. But it only lasts for a couple of hours. I can make it last longer by turning off mobile data, but that's poor.I am sending it back for a replacement, because I think it's defective. The phone charger that came with the unit causes the phone to lock up when it's plugged in. So maybe that damaged the battery.The OS doesn't hold a candle to iOS. Very unintuitive.

I bought this product for my wife. I purchased this during a short business trip in the US. The main reason I bought this is the excellent experience I had with Nokia products.Sadly this time it was not the case.The phone has a lot of problem, it freezes while you use Facebook, check pictures or try to see a video.The phone has a manufacturer defect, the battery does not charge properly.Now I thought this product had a manufacturer warranty valid world wide since Nokia has presence WW, but this is not true, warranty is not valid outside the US it doesn't matter if your country has Nokia presence.After I had the first problem with my phone looked up in the web for FAQs and it turns out Nokia knows about this defective products since November 2010.The CEO from Nokia apologized for the defective products but this didn't solved my problem, so bottom line, I bought a 400 USD phone defective without any chance to use the warranty or send it back to the manufacturer.And on top of everything Nokia now announces they are moving to use Windows on their phones so Symbian OS will be out of the picture for 2012.So bottom line, freezes, defective battery, battery life is not what promised (no matter if you find a way to charge it).If you are a business traveler, or needs a reliable phone, this is not for you.  IT STINKS!

The item arrived very quickly, is a very expensive phone and probably not as it claims, touching the phone screen doesn't quite work as well is advertised. Sometimes it reacts and sometimes it does not, and is frustrating since is supposed to be aphone above anything also.  If the numbers you are trying to dial are not being sensed then is not a cell, but a electronic working progress.Thank you

I have own other phones, brands, but this is the most loveable ,it is cheaper at Amazon than many other places i did check it out thank you Amazon.

I found the phone very well built. Camera is superb, and the videos that I captured were excellent. The only con I find is the OS. I rather prefer Android.

I was mainly interested in using this phone for voice calling and as a camera, with occasional use of the smartphone capabilities. I have no interest in using it to play music or videos. The phone works very well and it easy to use. The builtin Web browser is not so great, so I supplemented with Opera Mini and Opera Mobile, which are also not so great (compared to Firefox on a laptop), but any of these browsers will do more than what I expected, so I'm happy. The Ovi maps feature was a big surprise--this is a fantastic GPS mapping tool. I'm also impressed by the QuickOffice, which provides both a rinky-dink calculator for simple arithmetic, plus a full-featured spreadsheet for complex financial calculations. The email program doesn't do what I wanted, unfortunately, but it will suffice. The problem is that I use yahoo mailbox, with reply-to so that the email address people reply to is different from my yahoo address. But the Nokia device doesn't support this, apparently. It doesn't really matter for people who already know my permanent email address. It's just I don't want new recipients putting this yahoo address in their database rather than my permanent address. The touchscreen is a nuisance to use, especially with the browsers when links on pages are too close together. But it works well enough. I don't do a lot of texting. I'm running the PR1.2 version, dated 2011-03-01, which supposedly fixes most of the bugs in the earlier versions. I just go the phone two days ago, and so there is probably many features I am unaware of. But I am very happy with what I have so far. BTW I use ATT pay-as-you-go with an add-on data package here in the United States and plan to use the phone with a local SIM when I am in Europe, as I do for 3 months each year. Finally, battery life is great.Followup: I added this thing called mycalculs60 by kylom.com, which gives me a much better calculator (financial and scientific functions) than the quickoffice calculator. What I'm finding is that I mostly use the phone, camera, maps, calculator, alarm and calendar. So the half-ass browser and hard-to-use keyboard really isn't that big a deal. If I want to do serious internet browsing or data entry, I do so on a laptop. Using the internet on the phone is just for emergencies when I can't get to a laptop. Also, there is a way to get what I want with yahoo email. Namely, use the Opera mobile browser to goto the Yahoo mobile site rather than using the Nokia email.Bottom line: if you're looking for a good PHONE/CAMERA/MAPS/CALCULATOR combo, this is probably the best available. If you mostly want to play Angry Birds and have snappy performance due to a dual-core processor, along with lousy battery life due to that same dual-core processor, then get an Iphone or Android. More seriously, if you absolutely need some of the Iphone or Android apps, then yes, you won't be able to use this Nokia. That's the only real shortcoming.

I wanted to love this phone. It's expensive and pretty.  I waited anxiously for it to be released and now I"ve had it for 3 weeks and hate it.  The touch screen is error prone, hard to type on compared to i phone, or anything with real buttons. It requires real hand-eye coordination to even place a simple phone call.  The OS is slow, so if you tap the screen it takes a "one mississippi" before it actually registers... sometimes tapping doesn't register at all, or sometimes when you press it again it jumps ahead two steps.I've been a loyal Nokia person since 1995 and have always been a huge fan. This phone has a big feature set, but it's hard to operate and the user interface is a huge disappointment.

Loved, still love my first Nokia phone.  Still have it and use it but it is not a smartphone and it's more of a &#34;house phone&#34; than a cell phone.  I did a lot of research and when it came down to the iphone or this, I chose this.  Sure, it is great for texting.  Takes decent picture but there is a lag on the shutter and even though it's a 10mp camera, it doesn't take all that great of pictures.This phone came with Symbian Anna.  I had no idea that Belle was possible for an upgrade until about a month later.  Belle greatly improved on Anna but certain features were missing, I lost all of the apps I previously downloaded for free on Anna but now have to pay for on Belle, and the ringtones are sub par compared to Anna.  That was fixable by going to a forum to download Anna's ringtones.  I added them to my phone so that was cool.  The system has plenty of apps, which is all fine and dandy but most new companies are only making apps for Android and iPhone.  They are not bothering to make compatible apps for Symbian interfaces.  I can't even access certain websites because I cannot download and use google chrome as a browser and cannot access google play.I'm not an app whore but there are certain apps by certain companies that I'd like to utilize and I can't and that is frustrating.This phone is good for texting.  Web surfing is a bit slow but suffices for what I need on a phone.  Sending images is also easy.  There are some pluses like meeting mode, offline and online mode, etc.Another issue that occurs a lot with this phone is that it freezes a lot, for no reason, and I don't even have that many apps or anything on my phone.  I have to hold the power button on the phone and sometimes that doesn't even work for shutting it off at first.  Sometimes, I just have to sit and wait a few minutes and try again.This phone was my second of this model.  The first I ordered had an imperfection on the camera lens and I had to exchange it.  That took 2-3 weeks to work itself out and I only had a 30 day window to try out the phone and see if all worked fine.Overall, I'm very disappointed with this phone.  I was a dedicated Nokia fan but now I'm in the market for a new phone and it's only been six months.  My last Nokia kept (still keeps) me happy and it's been four years.  Too bad it isn't a smart phone.  It's a shame.  The phone itself is rather sturdy and feels great in my hands.  Perfect size, pleasing to the eye.  It just doesn't fit my needs.I do not expect any of you to consider my opinion as my review is not a techie rant but there are some valid points and I thought I'd share.

This is a very good device.  I did have trouble with it in the beginning.  It kept shutting down unexpectedly.  I reloaded software in it and that fixed the problem.  I am not sure why this happen but it could have been the extremely poor packaging and it bouncing around the box during shippment.  Because I can't pinpoint the exact cause of the inital problems, I had to give it three stars.

The N8 was dead on arrival. Thank you Amazon for the ease and speed with which you handled the return and refund.

Hello,I would never purchase any products from this seller any more, firstly i just thought this is not a new item, and then slowly i found some screw missing on the phone that clear my doubt of this phone being tempered to high extent and many of original body parts have been changed with duplicate parts again the battery edge was broken, So please dont purchase anything from this seller, its highly risky as your product might not be fully original.Thank you,Regards,Darsh

If you are buying this in the US...shop around for a different smartphone.  Unless you want a good camera and a phone. I do like that you can turn off the 3G data and just use wi-fi.  Might cancel the data all together, and just use the phone and text.The apps are limited. The Nokia PC Suite(PC sync software for phone) is problematic, it can't find the INTERNET on your PC for updates, transferring music to device is confusing to say the least.  If transferring music is successful at all.  No music store available from Nokia in the US.  Every account setup is a pain to setup.  If you are looking for a smart phone to make your life easier...keep looking.  Maybe the Win 7 phones from Nokia, if the Nokia PC Suite is not involved.  Recording HD video will require a microSD card for memory expansion.

hi alli like the phone to much too much thing you cane do with this phone camera its the best and the video camera good too the only thing i dont like the browser its not to friendly its not easy like the iphone and its need some soft wear update  to be able to use netflix  apps the sound in this phone very very good and in the end nothing perfect its always something missing to keep you buy new stuff and change things

Item was sold as new, however was refurbished by changing case, beside audio and HDMI jack do not work, battery is bad, phone hangs, it makes a receives calls as old phones but that's it all phone functions are not working right. Never buy from a Chinese seller anymore they don't even response to your mail.

Update:After using this phone for about 6 months, I have to say that this is one beautiful phone. I've used the GPS for a trip down the East coast with great results. Call quality has been great where ever I've been and with the recent Belle upgrade to the Symbian OS, the N8 should be considered as an alternative to any phone out there. The free(no data plan required) GPS, great battery life and high quality camera are just head and shoulders above even the newest models offered by other manufacturers. I see that prices have not come down since I bought my phone and that has to be because of the demand for this phone. The quality is outstanding. I don't think you will ever regret buying the N8.First and foremost, you are buying a cell phone that gets excellent reception and sounds good on both ends of the call. That's why you buy a phone. Why this phone stood out to me is the extras you get. And since I don't consider a tad over 400 gold grinkles cheap, those extras better make it worth while. They did to me.1. You don't need a point and shoot. The camera on this phone is the best ever used on a cell phone. What you will be doing without is the telephoto capabilities, but the camera takes great pictures and is easy to use.2. You don't need a dedicated mp3 player and video player. The music player is very good.  You won't be giving up anything. Sound and video qualities are excellent.3. You don't need dedicated GPS unit. OVI maps are great. They come free with lifetime updates and give you spoken turn by turn directions with street names. You do not need a data plan for OVI maps to work like you do with other phone mapping programs. The screen is not as large as some of the other cell phones or GPS units out there but it is very legible never the less.4. The web browser stinks but Opera Mini takes care of that.5. It also comes with a dictionary that can work as a translator if you download (for free) other languages (up to 2 more) at the OVI store. Going to Madrid and Paris this year? Download Spanish and French. Going to Berlin next year? Dump one of the others and download German.6. You'll have to do your own research on the social stuff. I'm not into Twitter or Face Book.7. Battery life is outstanding. I used the GPS without a car charger for over an hour and the battery only went down one bar. That may be about 15% of the battery life but I'm not sure if the battery indicator is linear. Using the phone for calls and texts and a couple hours a day on the internet with wifi and it still goes a couple of days between charges. That would never happen with my Droid X.What's not so good about this phone is Symbian. Besides the Droid X, I own and old iPod Touch. Using either one of those operating systems is childs play compared to Symbian. It is not intuitive at all. Options are hidden inside other options in menus that make no sense.I am willing to put up with that because of everything else that sets this phone apart from other smart phones.Plus, being unlocked there's no contract and it will work anywhere in the world. It also comes with a good amount of memory and you get a couple of cables that would cost you a lot of money if you had to buy them separately.So add it all up and be conservative. It's a $100 point and shoot camera. It's a $100 video & mp3 player. It's a $100 GPS unit. It's a $100 phone. It's all these things in one and it costs about the same as buying them all separately.

Great phone, fast, lots of memory, fast streaming, great battery life etc etc Going to get another for myself now since this was a gift

I bought this phone on New Year's Eve 2011, I've been using it for exactly one month. All in all I would say I'm very satisfied of the features included. The touch screen works! the qwerty typing experience is very good, thought it would be nice to have the qwerty keyboard in the portrait (vertical) position too.. From time to time, quite rarely though, the screen does hang for a sec or two.. it's irritating when that happens. However, I have seen that on Iphones and androids too.Taking into consideration the really cheap price, and the great camera, I would recommend this phone

Get in the day yesterday the Nokia N8, I put it to charge directly from a wall outlet and emits no load signal. I left it connected all night and does not work. I want to change this product. Thank you.

Got the silver/white version as it was the best deal this week ($359) and it is Made in China (was hoping for Made in Finland). The latest firmware from March 2011 was installed on it and I am slowly learning how to use it. ***I will update my review as I get more familiar with the phone.****Phone: thinner than I thought it would be, waiting on my Otterbox Commuter case to arrive. Have an annoying SIM card problem in the upper right corner of my phone, it keeps blinking and says SIM card memory full even though it is not the case. Not that big of a deal and I am sure I can remove it soon.Camera: Like the camera on it, was the main reason for my purchase, to replace my digital camera and have just one device to carry around. When I transfer the pics, they are around 1MB each, but when I choose to send them to an email address, they are downsized to only 70kb.Video: HD video recording is pristine, there are lots of pre-installed movie previews etc. which I hope I can remove. (Phone has around 10GB free space after maps installation and before removing unnecessary pre-installed apps).Connection: had some trouble figuring out the best settings for connecting to the internet. I am a T-Mobile prepaid monthly plan subscriber and don't have much data usage per month (might change that now), and I am still not sure when I am using the Edge/3G (uses data plan) or my home wireless network (free). Setting it up and connecting was easy but when I check the connection manager, it would say the wireless is inactive and I have the Edge or 3G symbol active on my upper left screen corner. I am sure I will eventually figure this out.Apps: installed some essential apps right away likeOpera browserSkype (so happy that I can use it on my phone now),a live TV app (watched France 24, pretty cool),Swype (had several installation errors until it somehow worked)The OVI store is full of apps, most of them seem not that useful.The OVI maps seem great, found my location automatically, downloaded upgrades.***UPDATES***SIM card blinking message problem is resolved, had to delete messages saved to the SIM card.Camera pictures are only great when not using the flash, flash indoors makes all pictures hazy/white foggy. The 9MP is the standard and it is widescreen but the 12MP is only 4:3.Major letdown and a reason to give one star less is the poor battery life. I charged it full last night and when I woke up it went down to 14%, not sure why. It was in power saver setting, every other tip from the User Manual regarding battery life was applied, so will test it out and then eventually will have to send it back because what good is it if the battery won't last?***UPDATES*** June 1, 2011The battery life has improved a great deal thanks to many tips on Nokia's website and dedicated Nokia N8 forums. Some tips that drain the battery: bright homescreens, mail server synch/fetch, constant wireless scanning, etc. You can turn all these off or disable them temporarily and right now I am still at 100% after having it charged 14 hours ago, although  have not used it much but this is a huge improvement from last week.

If you want an iPhone 4, go and get it...  It really is an amazing phone! My brother has one...But NOKIA N8 is also a great phone, but with different purposes..For example the CAMERA and the GPS are great, reaaaaaally good on the NOKIA, and not so great on the iPhone.But the iPhone UI (User Interface) sure is better and faster to go around then the Nokia..The freedom I have with NOKIA N8 is, for me, the best thing possible, and I wouldn't trade it for any other phone..I'm a biologist (botanist) and the camera and the GPS from this phone made my decision!a plus: the microSD cards are a great way to share photos, music and video with my PC without having to do it through iTunes (which I reaaaaally hate doing =D)I'm using a 16GB microSD memory and then whenever I want to move the pics or songs to/from my PC I just take it off and plug it into my computer and VOIL&Aacute;!!!!!I did a loooooot of research b4 getting this phone.. and I'm really pleased with it, ALTHOUGH I think that the Symbian 3 really is not the best OS out there... anyways... Make a choice, they all are GREAT phones!!;D

recomendado a todos, a pesar de que usa symbian, full funcional. ergon&oacute;mico y compatible con todos las aps. recomendable 100%

I have to say that I had my doubts about purchasing this product post-the Elop announcement - but in the end I caved in and received a powerful smartphone with a spectacular  optical lens.  Rather than extolling the virtues of the hardware I will comment, having been an owner of an N85 in the past, that Nokia's Symbian ^3 contains incremental improvements in UI and ease of use while still remaining to the delight of its fan base a very familiar OS to use.  The hardware of this device speaks for itself - those that also know how to take advantage of and feel familiar around Symbian will no doubt be entertained and satisfied.  As a precaution however, the N8 does NOT feel anything at all like an iPhone with respect to UI nor does it presume to command a similar resource rich environment as Apple's App Store.  In summary I was sold on this device with respect to a) an improved Symbian UI, b) a 12 MP Carl Zeiss optical lens and c) an unlimited use of Ovi Maps without data requirements from the network carrier.

El celular n8 de nokia esta espectacular con esa camara de 12 megapxles y una navegacion  muy rapida lo convierte en uno de los mejores celulares que he poseido y eso es todo lo que les uedpo contar saludos desde ecuador

I had this phone for 2 years then I switched to Sumsung Galaxy S3, I must say that I sold this phone and after using S3 I went and bought a second hand N8 again  and using it now for another year. While it doesn't have great Web browser or doesn't allow do many things S3 is capable of it is still the phone of my choice today. I use it today and its great, GPS is quick and free, voice clarity, reception, FM transmitter, FM/AM radio, etc. Inspite of limited apps Nokia store provides it is still the best thing I ever owned. 12mp camera is great enough for vacations where you don't want to haul large and expensive dslr. The picture quality is compared to point and shoot cameras especially with real flash on board.

I purchased this Nokia N8 because I wanted a cell phone with a great camera for traveling. After using it for one week, I am pleased with it.Pros:1. Great camera which takes awesome pictures and HD video2. Great signal strength compared to iPhone3. Great GPS and maps4. Wi-fi5. Lots of data storage space, but I added another 16Gig to get it up to 32Gig6. Easy to sync with my computer using Ovi Suite7. Unlocked for use on any network using a SIM8. Stable OS9. Nice desktop options for favorite contacts, missed calls, received texts, Facebook comments, search box, etcCons:1. Not as easy to use as the iPhone which is so intuitive2. Fewer apps available3. Most tasks require an extra step, touch of the screen, necessary on the iPhoneOverall, this is a great cell phone and I am happy with my purchase. I may continue to use my iPhone as an iPod Touch and keep using my Nokia N8 as my main cell phone. It's great to be carrying around a 12 mega-pixel camera with me at all times.

Update 12/7/10Great exchange service, and replacement phone, too bad I had to exchange it, but I got it within a week or so, and like a kid, opening and trying out the best toy, scared it would break, got to use it and got really scared when the battery ran out, and I tried and failed to charge it after it ran out of batteries at gym, so I rode home, and plugged it in the wall, and relief!  It was my external battery charger I just got, doesn't quite charge a dead battery, it's been a week and the replacement phone is still kickin it large, droppin them beats, and taking great pictures and videos as long as there is decent light, got a stretchy lanyard, clipped to my belt and an otter defender impact case, so I don't leave it behind, or drop it by mistake down my snow pants or out from under my jacketUpdate again 12/15/10Still impressed, hoping for more apps and games, and to have them downloadable from my computer, got uneasy again with charging, but turned out to be malfunctioning external battery pack.12/2/10Thanks, I am having the same problem with my N8 not turning on the first day, supposedly 1 out of 5 N8's are having this problem, gonna try to return it and get a new one, I was impressed by the phone when it worked intermittently, great photos and editing, better than the X6, and video, faster user interface (ui) and media use but still a little lag in screen and use, not much.But again, the phone won't work, and Nokia's support and forums have advice that doesn't work for me, in the last few hours of trying to get my hopes of this great phone to use ,only got to use it for about half an hour and most of half a day was trying to get it to work to no avail, I hope the replacement is better.

This is a really smart phone, made for grown ups. I bought it for the very impressive 12 MP camera, said to be the best phone camera currently available. I want to have a camera with me all the time that takes pictures of comparable quality to a good digital minicamera so I don't have to carry both.  I think Nokia is on to something:  there may be a big market of people like me who will shell out serious bucks for a high quality well made camera-phone-computer to do everything they ever need to do plus take truly great pix, rather than just so they can be one with their peers at all times via Facebook and Twitter (which the N8 does very well if that's what you want).  We arent afraid of the slightly more complex Simbian OS than your average six year olds would want to learn. (I remember my first impression of an iPhone was seeing a six year old popping virtual bubbles on it, I was impressed that Apple was so clever to expand their profitability by playing to the little  kid market niche.)  The price of the N8 is rapidly dropping as Nokia has just announced a new 41 MP phone camera is coming out soon (also with the Simbian OS).  Can't imagine why you need 41 instead of 12, so grab the truly great Nokia N8 now.

me llego en perfectas condiciones es un muy buen producto lo recomiendo . . . . . . . .

excelent, i use it everywhere i go oversea plus it's unlocked and easy to set up wonderful apps and maps.

todo funciona excepto  la toma del auricular, me parece imposible que un da&ntilde;o tan obvio el fabricante no lo note y quien lo comercializa tampoco, DEBERIAN probarlos antes de despacharlos y peor si es a otro pais. Veremos si el tramite de devolucion es tan sencillo como anuncian. Tristemente fastidiado.

two years with the phone and still love it, glad I bought, I love ... Camera by far the best ....

I have to say that before buy this one, my initial idea was to take one cheaper, more executive style like the Blackberry models (E71 for instance).I'm such a person that take long time to analyze every aspect from a product. Just to you have an idea of what I'm saying, I spent at least four weeks analyzing a bunch of alternatives to this phone not limited to the smartphones category.Finally, I decided for N8 for the following reasons:1 - The well known Nokia battery lifetime (just don't wanted to pick an Apple/Moto and need daily charges (I use to charge once a week, low usage of course);2 - The camera, I thought: now we have an acceptable one that somehow can be a regular camera substitute (real substitute, take a look at the macros!);3 - GPS for free, period!4 - High end specs such as Bluetooth 3.0, amazing sound quality, wide range operating frequencies, USB on the go, Amoled, data modem, RDS, etc.5 - HDMI out. The possibility to run a HD video from a small piece of hardware into a wide LCD is just exciting!To be perfect:- Could have a ISDN digital signal, such as Galaxy S;- The camera could have a optical zoom;- Browser is the poorly one (can be fixed with updates);- Doesn't have a vertical keyboard (updates please);- Although the battery is great, it could be a dream with a 1800mAh (ok, now I'm overreacting);Well, in my point of view, we're very near from a complete hand entertaining system, and this product is the closest one.My preferred word: convergency (all in one)!I'm very happy with that!

The product Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS Navigation with Voice and 12 MP Camera - U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray) purchased by Nostra came to the right direction in miami, I dont recived completely, we dont recived the cellphone, only got the accessories and , we wanted to see how we can fix this thank you very much expect a prompt response

I've used Nokia smartphones for awhile now starting with the E63. This is the first N series I have used. I also use a Google Nexus One and thought I would leave Nokia behind. I decided to replace my E72 (my work phone)with another hardware qwerty phone but AT&T really didn't have a suitable replacement. Where I work, AT&T has the strongest and most reliable signal. I was planning on waiting for the Nokia E7 but the price was a bit much. I took the plunge and ordered the N8 back in February thinking I could return it if I didn't like it. When I received the phone I was surprised at how good it looked. The press and blog photos don't do this phone justice, it is a sleek and handsome phone.The build quality puts most other phones to shame. Set up was straight forward and easy. I was up and running in minutes. I use Nokia's ovi service and synced my contacts and everything OTA. Nokia did a great job with symbian^3. It is fluid, fast and intuitive. There is a slight learning curve if you are not used to symbian but I experienced a similar learning curve with android. This is a big step up from symbian 1. The camera is great as the reviews have said. I thought I would miss the hardware keyboard but I found myself typing just as fast on the (according to the tech blogs) "substandard" on screen qwerty. I couldn't understand this because I struggled with the Nexus One even with swiftkey. The reason for this I think is that Nokia's touch screen is of a higher quality and thus more accurate than the N1.I installed swype and I love it. The only thing I miss (being a USA user) are local apps. No apps for programing my dvr etc. Nokia has released things like "Sleeping Screen" and other useful apps for this phone and a large UI upgrade is in store for summer. This phone has pushed aside my Nexus as my main phone.

NEVER EVER TRY TO BUT THIS PHONE OR ANYTHING FROM NOKIA.First of all you are dealing with a company that just want to ripe you off to sell you a defective phone and the story begins from here:I bought a nokia n8 at the end of Dec/2010 after a week or so i had a problem with it that is the phone is Turing itself off and won't turn on again and after this happened 3 to 4 times i sent it to nokia service center.They told me that my phone had a major defect and they sent me another phone but this replacement was waaayyy worse than my original phone it had the same problem that happened with my old phone(turning dead) and more problems that i didn't experience with my old one like:the phone memory is 14gb not 16 gbthe menu freeze sometimes with no responsethe phone won't connect to the Interneti sent the phone to the repair center again and after waiting (10 days+) i receive it but nothing changed at all they claimed that it's working and passed their tests,all the problems were still in the phone and here is the news the phone went dead just a day after receiving it from repair center(i charged the phone the day i received it).These guys are useless.After wasting lots of time contacting nokia customer service they told me to send the phone to repair it again NNOOOOO WAYYYYYY so i asked for a new one,they said they don't have any new sealed box phone and I'm still dealing with them.I had lots of trouble and headache because of this company and their defected phones and my advice to you don't buy any nokia product they will steal your money and then let you struggle with their useless customer service.in my opinion a respectful company will provide a new device to their customer if something goes wrong with your device but not sending you a defected one instead!!!!!

I had my N8 for about a week before T-Mobile had its "All Phones Are Free" Valentine's Day promotion.  I'd definitely grown to appreciate the N8 in this time, having upgraded from a strictly call-and-text phone, but I couldn't shake my curiosity for the open-source Android OS.  So on T-Mobile's sale day, I went and grabbed a Samsung Galaxy S II for "free" (still $400 over a 2 year contract) -- probably the most powerful phone you can currently buy, and with the flashy Android platform, it should have been instant love... but it only took one evening to realize the N8 already had everything I wanted, and actually does some stuff better.I'm not crazy about Google to begin with (privacy policy stuff) so I was disappointed to discover that with Android you're basically forced to use your Google account to access many of the applications, including the app market.  Besides that, it just felt like too much phone.  And contrary to popular belief, I didn't find the Android OS to be any easier to use than Nokia's Symbian OS, and in fact for the most part they look pretty similar.  Plus, Nokia is known to make beautiful hardware, and the N8 is a great example -- eye catching design, functional buttons, and the weighty feeling of a quality product.  I'm only slightly disappointed with the Ovi store, which doesn't boast as many apps as the other guys.  But as someone else said, it has the ones you need and not the ones you don't (but let me know if you find one for a dvorak keyboard...).Everything else I've played with so far has worked wonderfully, including maps (with GPS and a compass), music player, web browsing (use Opera Mobile), and the camera is better than any I've had before, digital or otherwise.  Bottom line is, Nokia is still the best in the business, and Symbian OS is plenty adequate for doing stuff on a phone.  Don't buy into the hype of Android phones (or the iPhone, for that matter) because you'll probably end up returning it after one day like I did.

it's just a great product. I've been using my nokia N8 for one month. Since then I have any problem. If you are interested in it, you should buy it without any hesitation.

I am very disappointed with this phone. I bought it with great expectations and it worked fine for like three weeks...then suddenly, although charged, the phone will not come on. I went online and realised it's a worldwide problem. The solution online short of returning the phone was to put it in the freezer for a while....Now who spends big bucks on a cell phone to keep it in the freezer? This is ridiculous and Nokia should be ashamed to still have this phone on the market. This is a clear product defect. What a rip off....looking online for a new phone now...and right mow my thinking is anything but Nokia.

I've had this N8-00 US version unlocked phone about a month and so far everything works.  I read all the 1 and 2 star reviews in detail for many months before pulling the buy trigger.  Had a bad experience with a brand-new 700 running BELLE, damn thing kept rebooting itself randomly and often, so I was really nervous about spending the extra coin for the big dog N8.  Glad (so far) that I did.  This phone is used as a world phone and fits the bill.  I had a couple of incoming call screen freezes before learning that I must unlock it first.  OK, feature or bug is in the eye of the beholder.  Same for some applications, switched the lock on/off and life is good, recovered fine no freezes.  sorry I'm not giving you excrutiating detail but the list is too long, just say I can't break it yet, lord knows I'm trying.  Battery life is just as good as my C3-01 (great phone!), ~2 days before needing a charge, and I use vibrate, WiFi, and 3G.  Mechanically this thing is built like a tank, like the C3-01, which is what I wanted.  I'm running the very latest ANNA available for my US phone.  Maps rock.  Music rocks. Camera rocks.  the software is intuitive enough, not perfect , but you've got to get to know it.  The best device is one that does what you want and you don't have to think about it too much.  So far this is it.

this phone sucks it took like 3 to 4 months to act up. I'm so disapointed in the phone it started doing all kind of things. I cant even beging to start tellin you please dont spend your money on it please save your money trust me im so upset.Nokia N8 Unlocked GSM Touchscreen Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation and 12 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)

I really like the camera features they packed into the N8. Instead of repeating them, I think you can read the specs for yourself. I found the pictures the N8 takes very high quality - almost at Digital Still Camera quality. The Xenon flash is also a very good addition for low light photography.

This is my first truly smart phone. Prior to this I had a Nokia Nuron (T-Mobile) and it was nice, but being a carrier branded phone, the OS was, in my opinion, crippled from having full functionality.However, this is not the case with the N8. Being unlocked, unbranded, and untouched by any carrier, allows this phone to have all of the functions it came with. Symbian^3 is a nice platform. Very easy to navigate, the included apps are very nice. The glass touch screen is as responsive as any other capacitive touch screen I've tried. The colors and graphics are bright crisp, and very clear. Nokia's Ovi Store has a lot of apps to choose from, and the selection is getting better. Its not Apple's App Store, but its good enough for me. The camera is amazing. With 12mp resolution and 720p video, I found the photos, and videos extremely nice. I've been a hobby photographer for 25+ yrs, and this is as good as any point & shoot out there, and you can make calls on it too.Overall, I recommend this device. I am sure there are nicer phones out there, but for my money, this is one of the best phones available.UPDATE (6-15-2011): I am having issues with the device after 2 months of ownership. Ovi Maps has a bug, and it is now crashing after charging overnight. Ovi Maps is not using its own updated traffic information to re-route itself. The updated traffic info is correct, but its directions were not using this info. Charging my phone overnight is leading to having to initiate a reset (sometimes twice) because it powers itself off and won't turn back on.UPDATE (7-22-2011): This phone has turned out to be a huge waste of money. All of the other issues remain per the first update. On top of the problems I had, now I cant make calls in my house unless I go out in the driveway. This might be a tiny bit inconvenient in January here in NW PA, where last year it snowed 140 inches. The phone drops calls, whenever it thinks I've talked long enough to the party I called. If the call lasts longer than 5 minutes, its considered a long conversation. I bought this smart PHONE for use as a PHONE. If the phone part of this device is garbage, then the device falls way short. High res cameras, internet surfing, dont mean a thing to me, if I cant make a simple call. As stated before, I do photography. I already have nice cameras, I dont need another one. I just wanted a device that was a solid PHONE. The rest of the features, are gimmicks. They are nice to have, but when the phone part is junk, it doesn't matter.UPDATE (9-13-2011): It appears I was a tad hasty in my scorn for this device. Seems the issues with this device were provider related. Changing from T-Mobile to AT&T; has changed the behavior of the phone dramatically. Cellular coverage obviously is a huge factor to device function, and I should have tried that when I started having call issues. That said, it is working like a smart PHONE. Call reliability, and quality have improved. I now access internet where ever I am, whenever I need to. It still has some quirks, but what phone is perfect?UPDATE (12-5-2011): As much as I liked this phone, Nokia has some things to sort out. When they finally offered Symbian Anna (about 1-1/2 months ago), I did the update, then called them because it toasted my device. Their software bricked my phone. I dont know how or why, and I'm not an expert on these devices. Prior to this, the N8 was a great device. However calling them was futile, because I tried everything they recommended, and nothing worked. I gave up on this device. Enter Apple iPhone 4S.UPDATE (7-24-2013): I acquired another (brand new) N8. This time the OS update was for Symbian Belle. Nokia seems to have gotten it right. Smoother, faster, bigger icons (better for older fingers) and less crashes.Is is perfect? No. Has any company made a perfect smart phone? Not yet. Because its all dependent on what the user wants out of the device. That said, I will say the updates to Nokia Maps is sweet. It rivals my dedicated GPS unit for the car. The Ovi Store is not as expansive as the App Store by Apple, but I got this device as a backup phone (prepaid service), so that is really not an issue. Its sad that this device is no longer produced, because what it offers (12mp camera, great maps app, nice mp3 player, decent browser, decent email) is fairly solid, and because its Nokia's OS on Nokia's hardware, the device remains pretty stable.If you can find one brand new give it a try. I gambled again, and like it.

phone worked perfectly for the first two weeks, then during a few calls, the phone will shut down and immediately restart. Really expected better of Nokia. Hope Amazon can do something about this faulty phone!!

I connected my Nokia N8 to my laptop and Nokia Suite shows that there's an upgrade, I accepted to upgrade and then the phone got disconnected from the USB cable and then it stopped working, I bought this phone on May last year so I think it's still under warranty, how can I have this problem fixed, I'm in Costa Rica now, is there any Amazon Authorized dealer here or should I send it to US?.Thanks so much

Suspend what you have heard about the Nokia N8 for this review, give it a chance. I am a college student and I have used many different phones. When I bought the Nokia N8 I was coming from the Samsung Captivate android phone. I like my smartphones to have many useful features that can combine the features of multiple devices into one. The Nokia N8 does that for me, it is my phone, camera, MP3 player (and wireless transmitter), video player, and GPS all in one.Now most smartphones have all of these functions, but the N8 excels in all of these areas.1. As a phone it does it's job very well. The gorilla glass and aluminum case feel very solid and I am proud of the build quality. The operating system could use some work, yes, but for most people, including me, it is more than satisfactory. In terms of app's, it has all that I could want. The OVI store has everything that I need, games, video chat, swype, opera, etc. The multitasking system is epic, easily beats all the other operating systems in that respect. It is very useful when you are using an application or browsing the internet and you realize you need to make a call or send a text message, just minimize, complete your task, and return right where you left off.The features built into the phone meet or exceed other phones. It has HDMI out, USB (flash drive) support, 3.5 mm headphone jack, 16 gb internal memory and external SD card, etc. The battery life is amazing, I can literally go 4 days without charging, try that with an Android phone.2. The 12 mp camera with zenon flash IS the BEST out there. A good camera is important to me, and I know pixel count is not everything, Nokia knew that too. The camera performs very well, easily replacing my point and shoot camera. The zenon flash beats an LED flash hands down anyday. The 720p video recording is more than satisfactory for me. The dedicated, two stage camera button is also very good. Connecting the phone to the computer is very easy allows for easy transfer of files and pictures.3. One of the main reasons I cannot leave Nokia for another phone is because of the MP3 player with wireless transmission. Although it is not terribly strong, it replaces another device and comes in very handy. In addition to that, the bluetooth performs very well.4. I have many movies that I have copied over the years on many 16 gb memory cards and in many formats. The N8 plays most all of them very well. It struggles with high bitrate DivX but at least it can play that format, most phones can't. I have never had a problem with micro SD cards or playing a video.5. The final reason I can't leave the N8 is due to the lifetime OFFLINE navigation. Noone else includes that for free on their phones. I don't have a data plan with this phone (Wi-Fi is more than adequate) so the offline navigation is key. And it is not watered down at all, it has built in businesses and you can download updated maps for the US and elsewhere for free, forever. Easily replaces my car GPS.CONS:1. Lack of physical QWERTY keyboard.2. No PSX4DROID or higher quality games.3. Battery not easily replacable.So all in all, this phone is a great deal. Where else are you going to be able to pay ~400 dollars and get a phone, camera, GPS, and MP3/4 player? Phone works great with AT&T; and since I bought it unlocked I don't have to have a data plan (as long as AT&T; continues to think I don't have a smartphone, hint hint, block data on your account). With the N9 coming out (which looks amazing too BTW), this phone is only going to get cheaper in price. In addition, there is a major software update coming out in August for this phone that will fix some of the minor issues with it. The phone will be supported for a while in the future as well. If you are on the fence, do it!

I really like this phone. Mostly because of the camera, antenna, and battery life.The camera is better than my point and shoot in bright situations, and close in quality in flash situations (lower flash brightness creates a lot of noise in the photos) but it is amazing.Nokia HANDS DOWN makes the best antennas. I get reception everywhere. The ability to toggle 3G, 2G, and Dual modes works quickly and consistantly. Data speeds are quite good.Battery. This is the only phone where I can go 2 days without charging it. And my personal email is activated with push.I have used a T-Mobile G1 (HTC Dream) with lots of Android flavors. And an HTC HD2, with WP 6.5, WP7, WP7.5, and lots of Android flavors. I personally like the N8 hardware the best by a large margin. I am partial to WP7+. I plan on getting a Nokia Lumia when they get something better than the 700 for T-Mobile USA 3.5+G frequency.

I purchased this phone in good faith, knowing that it's no longer really produced/supported by Nokia because Symbian is being phased out.  Nevertheless, I'm addicted to Nokia Maps and their free voice navigation that is provided with lifetime updates for free.  This is my main reason for sticking with Symbian/Nokia -the minimalistic design of the OS suits me since I don't need all the glamour of other operating systems.  That said, the N8 has an amazing camera and took really beautiful pictures, while I had it.Unfortunately the phone was returned because of the following reasons:- Before the OS update that I did when I connected the phone via Ovi, everything worked fine -phone calls, SMS/MMS, native applications, GPS, etc.  AFTER the update however, everything went downhill, as the update changed everything to Chinese (next to English, this was the only available language), changed the phone's product code, and rendered MAPS and GPS unusable.  I couldn't even open Maps, nor install them via Ovi Suite...  How is this possible?- My lack of faith in the origin of the phone led me figure it out before all the aforementioned mayhem began.  I noted everything from the Device Manager such as the OS details, product code, firmware version etc.  Apparently, when the update installed itself, it recognized the original firmware that was preloaded on the phone, which was of Chinese origin, and installed the update atop it.  All this was checked via Nokia's own NaviFirm software.  Some effort was required in piecing the firmware information and product codes together, but what I ended up with was a CHINESE FIRMWARE (for an Orange N8 to top things off -mine was silver).  This all finally made sense, why the installed update changed everything around (it even included some native Chinese apps), including the phone's entire usability, and subsequently exposed the seller's real scheme.  Note that unless you "flash" your phone with a new firmware (and risk bricking the phone, and losing your warranty), you won't be able to use it due to its original firmware that comes preloaded on the phone.Furthermore, I have to add that the phone came with missing USB-on-the-Go and HDMI cable.  After reporting this to Amazon CS, Amazon was generous enough to offer a partial refund for the missing cables (You have love Amazon's customer service!).  Since I have been a longtime fan of Nokia, I still had my E75 and C7 (original) accessory cables lying around, and I compared the standard USB charging/data cable that came with my original phones and compared it with the N8 from My-Wish-List, and I couldn't believe my eyes how fake the N8 cable was, despite having NOKIA written on it.  The lettering and assembly seemed of poor quality, glued together, and the imprinted "Nokia" log wasn't straight nor was it of the same embossed quality.  This was the straw that broke the camel's back and didn't hesitate for a split second to return the phone (it was already going back for the GPS issue, but this just solidified my position on the matter even more).I promptly filed an RMA and got my refund ASAP - another great Amazon transaction (the product only fulfilled by them, not sourced, so Amazon's not to blame, but the actual seller).  I feel Amazon should no longer support My-Wish-List as their products are nothing more than a bunch of knock-offs made or refurbished in China!!!  If you plan on spending $300 on a fake phone or one of unknown origins, you've been warned -you're better off looking for something else, especially when spending some much money.  Comment on the review/thread if you have any questions about my experience with the N8 I bought from here.

Sin duda, la mejor c&aacute;mara en un m&oacute;vil hasta la fecha, la calidad de fotos es comparable y  aveces mejor que muchas de las c&aacute;maras digitales en el mercado.Lo utilizo como mi c&aacute;mara personal y tambi&eacute;n como gps guiado por voz para el carroCons. no tiene tantas apps como android Market o Apps Store, pero a&uacute;n as&iacute; es el tel&eacute;fono m&aacute;s completo y robusto que se puede conseguir por el precio.

I wasn't quite sure what condition the phone was going to be in because it was rated like new. The box had a slight tear but I was told that the box might not reflect newness. The phone and accessories themselves were better than I could imagine. Superb condition and I am so glad that I was able to purchase this phone from the Amazon Warehouse. Thanks Amazon, for making my purchasing experience so memorable.Definitely worth the buy.

I have had a been through three Nokia phone all of which never actually died but had to keep up with the evolving technology. Nokia's were always built to last and could take being dropped, in fact one of my Nokia's fell into the sink while I was washing my face and survived with only the vibration mechanism damaged which is pretty good after the swim it took. That said I bought the N8 although I have had an option to renew my contract for sometime because I simply like Nokia as a brand. The N8 however twenty days into its life had a screen that is unresponsive despite trying a number of fixes discussed online. It simply does not work. Hopefully their partnership with Windows goes well and they return to the top of the heap as for right now I will be headed in a different direction.

Just got my N8 and i'm very happy. The features on this phone are wonderful. The touchscreen works like a gem and with all the apps that are available for download you will never be bored.

Compr&eacute; 3 telefonos para mi y unos compa&ntilde;eros en Peru, los 3 equipos han fallado, uno comenz&oacute; a congelarse cada cierto tiempo hasta que se congelo por completo y no responde la pantalla tactil los otros 2 se reinician constantemente, ahora estoy en Peru y debo esperar a regresar a los USA para enviarlos a garant&iacute;a, el control de calidad de Nokia es p&eacute;simo, ya me habia pasado antes con un N97, pero insist&iacute; en la marca, y esas fallas se presentan por miles, lo he visto en los foros, una pena pues esper&eacute; varios meses para tener un N8 y solo lo us&eacute; una semana.

I think this is a great unit. Love all the features that I have used so far. I really enjoy the different home screens that can be created.

This phone was working well until tonight.Pressing the camera button brings this message:"No memory can be accessed at the moment. Try again later."Trying to access the photo album is futile. It says "no images or video clips".I am currently backing my files up on a PC (they are apparently accessible through something called "Ovi Suite").I don't know what to say about this. Just be careful.

necessity for mom who have a 2 yr old and a 3 yr old kids. hard to break it . lol

unlocked is a must- i suppose gps isn't but is sure is nice to have. Touchscreen is champion- sensitive but not silly. Packed with everything else i need. really nice

Plenty of reviews have been written and I don't want to go into technical details here. I love the phone. It is a perfect replacement for my aging N82. It's my first touchscreen phone and it took me only a few days to get used to it (I never read manuals). I probably only use half of its features and do not download plenty of apps. Therefore I am not a good judge. One fun feature is you can remote control the phone with your Wii remote and watch HD pictures on your TV through HDMI output, amazing! But what I was looking for in a phone is a built-in GPS, a nice camera, good call quality, decent battery life and large memory. The N8 has all of that. The only thing I am missing is the lens cover my N82 had. Sometimes I take a picture and then notice some blur on the picture due to dirt on the lens. One thing I didn't like, Nokia went through 2 operating system changes within 1 year. Each time most of my apps were gone and I had to re-install everything, kind of annoying. I guess this is Nokia's last stand against the smart phone market they slumbered away. I will miss you Nokia.

I have the phone and it's a grate super smart phone100 time better than the iPhone exapt for the apps the iPhone has more (but as a "phone" N8 is better and for the apps get your self an iPad or iPod)Pros:1- best camera on a phone you can find2- very nice design- the aluminum is sooooooo cooooool and it is one part all-around and also scratch resistant3- best symbian ever (the old symbian^1 S60 5V touch was bad&lt; used it on N97 and Samsung Omnia HD- not that good)4- much faster than other phone and the photo gallery is fast5- easy to add widgets and control the home screen, ex: music player, news, weather ..etc6- so easy and fast to turn on and off the the WiFi, Bluetooth, also profile from general to meeting and so on7- battery is good and you have power saving mode that will save on battery (with normal use of calls sms and WiFi up to 2.5 day with power save mode)8- using the USB Flash on the go is wow (may iPad even can't do that rather than a iPhone)9- free quick office on-board to open MS office documents (open them from your USB flash)9- you can watch internet TV on it, easy10- Ovi store is improving (I got the angry birds game, world Mate weather ..etc)11- you can use it as a Wifi router (but it will use your battery so bad)12- very loud speakers13- the phone contact-book is so good14- GPS with free Ovi maps that you can use without the internet (pre-load maps)15- very good photo and video edit on-board16- Sms threading is very useful17- 16 GB storage, 256MB RAM, 512 MB ROM and you can have a microSD, up to 32GB18- grate screen which is a LED screen better than the iPhone which is a LCD screen19- FM radio and transmitter20- and the price is goodCons:1- not a good internet browser but you get another browser that also can open flash websites not like the iPhone(the solution is easy from the Ovi store get Oprah browser)2- Ovi store needs more time to catch-up3- if you are from those that don't like the icons and the theme, you can change it easy (not like the iPhone you can't)4- for me i like a bigger screens, like 4" but 3.5 dose the job5- like the iPhone you can't remove the batteryconclusionit's a grate phone with grate hardware, the software some people like it some don'tbut still the software can be always up-datedbut if you have hardware & software problems like the iPhone4 then your out of luckanother alternative for a super phone is the HTC Desire HD

The Nokia N8, the only thing good about it is the camera, and the HD video capabilities, the use of phone itself, isn't user friendly like the iPhone, over priced, getting a iPhone. And I'm buy it through Amazon.

The OS is seriously lacking compared to iOS and Android.Browser sucks.under-powered CPU and low RAMterribly designed appsLot of important apps not available (for example, there is no official twitter app, I believe there is some expensive third-party app for it though)

Now this is a difficult review in that the phone has serious strengths and weaknesses.  In order for a phone to be a first class communication device, it must be joined by both performance, reliability, but most importantly usability.  I believe that this phone would be an outstanding smart phone anywhere around the world, minus the U.S.  I believe that Apple, Google, and even Windows Phone 7 has way surpassed Nokia Symbian^3 in UI.  That being said I'd like to offer up my viewpoints of the N8 having come from Iphone 4.PROs1. Hardware built quality, reliability, reception performance, call quality, speaker phone, noise cancellation, battery life are all something that comes to mind immediately2. Overall build quality is exceptional, unlike Samsung, LGs of the world, this phone is built to last.  Even HTC does not measure up in terms of quality build.3. AMOLED screen is nice and bright, color contrast is pretty good, minus the resolution4. Reception and call quality is great, coming from the Iphone4, the N8 is a God send. I no longer have dropped calls, callers can hear me, and I can actually use the speaker phone function and have no issues with callers not being able to hear me.  The Iphone had a major problem in this area in that it can't reliabily connect to a bluetooth headset, or use the speaker phone without your voice breaking up or the callers.  Bluetooth connected on the N8 without incident.5. Noise cancellation is an area that I think Nokia has perfected, I get better noise cancellation with Nokia period than any other I've tried, ie iphone4, HTC, LG or Samsung.6. battery life for a smart phone is surprising good.  Unlike my iphone 4 or HTC having to charge constantly7. if you are a world traveller, you will appreciate the Nokia maps.  It allows you to travel the world and have navigation map capabilities withou wifi. I mean anywhere Nokia has a map for that country.  It is also nice that domestically when you travel to an area without wifi or cell signal, I can still find my way around with Nokia maps, unlike google maps or Microsoft bing maps will stop functioning or provide directions.CONs1. Small screen @ 3.5 inch. spec wise the same as Iphone4, but in reality smaller.2. Low, inadequate resolution @640x360, in today's market, it's a joke.3. The UI on Symbian^3 is just not right for the US market.  We live in a society where we are only concerned about having, and not about conserving.  Nokia really lost out in this market.  I can understand why Nokia is strong elsewhere, but have absolutely been drowned out here in the US.  I'm not so sure that Windows Phone 7 or 8 can change that because they will now also be restricted by the same software heavy, resource intensive burden everyone else has to deal with, and that is more cpu power=lower battery life.4. web browser is not the greatest, it is spotty and doesn't allow for decent browsing, even with Opera, it's still why behind the web experience of an Iphone45. A serious lack of main stream application support by US companies, I can't even get Pandora, or speedtest for symbian.  Of course Google maps is only half functioning on Symbian^3.  So don't expect a great many useful apps for Symbian^3.  Nokia has completely lost sight at the wheel on this.6. Processor speed at 680Mhz ARM 11 is simply not speedy.  It gets the job done, but come on... a faster processor would help a lot.7. Nokia has tray away from their core and has made a phone that just takes too many step just to make a call.  they took out the hard call button that worked real well.  A number shows up on screen, click call, that's it.  Now instead, you have to push one button to retrieve one number than click on the number then you can call.  That also holds true with many other parts of the Nokia Symbian^3 os.  boy, they definitely need help there.I'm sorry but the reason we have such crap products these days is that all companies are trying to do is compete on price point.  They keep scaling back on everything to meet a price point instead of just doing it right by building the right phone.  While I understand economics, but companies have become way too profit driven on the other end.  We need to promote and demand more consumer centric innovation, and not profit focus.Now having said all of the above, I think the N8 is still a great communicator, from a phone standpoint. I'm torn between having a phone that is well built + a nice 7" tablet or 10" if permits; or have one massive crammed smartphone at 4.5in. I loved everything about the iphone4 except the simple inability of Apple to provide reliable bluetooth headset connectivity; or something as simple as being able to use the speaker phone that actually works in real life, usable is all I ask.  How tough is that.  I hope Steve Jobs will not try and rush a product for profit, and ruin a loyal following over the years based on merits of his products.  All the other phones out there are all trying to throw as many buzz technology to lure customers, but non will last very long, or perform like a Nokia phone.  So I'm one frustrated user where I'd like many aspects of a Nokia in its reliability and performance of a phone, but not so good with web and apps.Hope all this would help someone else making a decision

I bought the Nokia N8 for my mom for Christmas because it had all the things she wanted (touch screen phone, smart phone, mp3 player, and to combine devices such as her excellent camera). Alas, she didn't want it (likes her simple flip better, easier to hold, and she doesn't like touch screen for a phone, just for an mp3 player)But ....I DIG it. It is smaller than the E7, which is a beast in comparison. Camera is amazing, flash blinding.Other awesome factors:! HDMI out! USB on the goFM transmitter - so simple, but so so convenientstorage &lt;- 16gb built in + 32gb on microsd = 48gb (plus usb)Data access is very controllable. Maps can update via sms (or network, or simple unassisted GPS). You can set priority of data access to favor wifi, or whatever priority for many access points (wifi, 3g, network, etc). Manage data. Cool. I say, get this phone, and go for a cheap GSM plan.Notes:1. came with Symbian^3, but not Anna. Anna makes the difference. If Anna hadn't updated, I would definitely have returned it. Lusting for Belle.2. camera protector - it ships with a camera protector for shipping. Remove this thing or your photos will be super hazy.Get these apps:Nokia apps: Situations, Panorama, PlayTo, Here and Now, Big Screen, Reader (but, don't subscribe to too much it will drive you crazy if a widget), Map, Drive, Places (pretty cool)Noka beta apps: Live View (frikkin awesome)3rd party, best: Fring (forward facing camera, google voice integration, etc, second favorite 3rd party), Opera Mini or Mobile (favorite 3rd party app), Wordpress3rd party, non-Ovi: Books (from Meego project, not sure who the developer is)It's kind of slippery. I think anyone who gets it will have to get some kind of protector case.Drat:1) I haven't found a way to turn on the camera flash as a flashlight like my E7 (and pretty much all my other old Nokes handsets would) will do (hold screen lock for like 5 sec till it comes on/off)2) no Kindle app3) no Netflix of Hulu4) no Meego :( why Nokia why? so sad (tho Anna is good)BELLE UPDATE;Belle is very pretty. It seems to improve performance (speed). Books (which I previously got from Meego site) now appears in the updated Nokia Store. Nokia Live View (beta app) is now Nokia City Scape.UPDATE (2012-0610):Still love the phone after 6 mo.Why? Several reasons.Amazing camera.Lots of photo & music/sound editing capability onboard (with each Symbian version), gps voice navigation the same quality as a stand alone unit (this alone makes it worth the purchase), FM extras (radio and radio out). Also, the autocorrect/predictive text is better than my ipod touch, by several orders of magnitude, which really surprises me. Also like the large onboard and very large expandable memory. And HDMI out. And built in backup options.Perpetual annoyances: not Meego (so sad so sad), no Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Video, no Kindle app. There are ways to Get Around each of these annoyances, but, well, if it had Meego there would be no need. Hoping Nokia/Accenture merges Meego with the goodies of the other open source platforms (WebOS & Meego/Tizen) and resurrects in house OS. But not holding my breath on that one. Also, strangely, the phone likes to spontaneously reboot; is this due to my carrier (TMo)? full phone memory? What's that about? I have the feeling it may be carrier related, but again, no bets there.I've got a family plan, with an ancient data plan which is very cheap. And in this case, there are very few options out there with better value (than using this unlocked user-controlled phone).

Put all my expectations on this phone. Now I'm sending it back completely dissapointed.Mostly because of the camera being so poor for photos, video is OK.Everything that has to do with Ovi is a real pain, the strore  is horrible, software buggy.So... here I go again mr Jobs. Missed me?

It's a nice phone with a lot of features. However, it's expensive to maintain in terms of subscription for various services to effectively utilize the features.

I got the phone directly from Amazon while I still had my Blackberry 9700. I wanted to handle a touch phone.Pros:- big screen- good video capabilities plays a lot of formats- good sound.- HDMI port can come in handy sometimes.Cons:- 12 MPx Camera? I got crappy pics out of it. My VGA webcam takes better pics. Either that or there was something wrong with the Amazon stock. I've read good reviews about the camera on this one but I got really bad pics. the pics were hazy like the light balance was not right.- Here is the thing with touch screens. They have to work perfectly or else it is just bad mood for the user. The buttons on a keypad for some reason gets more patience out of users. I felt the OS of the phone is a little quirky. Not really up to competition. Not smooth at all.The phone has a lot of features, promise. But it doesnt deliver them in the end.My cheaper blackberry was more reliable than it so I went back to it.All other things apart... watch out for the camera people. you buy a 12 MP camera phone and if you can't get the pictures, its just not worth it, you would rather have a better user experience.

The title of the review may be confusing for some, but let me explain. I have been a die hard nokia user for the best part of my adult life, since mobile phones really came into the mainstream. Pretty much every phone I have owned has been a nokia. Prior to the smartphone era, Nokia's were hands-down the best phones out there. The user interface was easy to use and understand, and the menu format, typing, etc were all the least fiddly of the phones on the market.Then came the smartphone era. I can't profess to having owned LOADS of different phones, so I can only give my own personal point of view. The 2 Symbian phones I owned were a 5800 and an N8, using 2 different versions of Symbian - S60 and S^3, which was touted as being a great improvement over S60. I stuck with these phones through thick and thin, determined to stand by Nokia, with a firm belief they were still the best out there.My experience with Symbian has been this. Nokia has certain trump cards for its smartphones that no-one else out there can profess to. Nokia Maps for one. It may not beat the likes of Google Maps for ease of use ability to find what you're looking for, but to have extensive offline maps of pretty much any country you want is amazing. Joikuspot, the free mobile hotspot software is also amazing, there are a few others which escape me, but suffice to say, there are several things available to Nokia users which iOS, Android and Blackberry users cannot say they have an equivalent.BUT, when you just need your phone to get something done quickly. Say, pulling up a map with pubs, restaurants, shoe shops, whatever, in the vicinity of where you are, get you the website, the phone number, directions etc. Android and iOS users will have Nokia beat every time. Doing tasks like this would take me twice, three times as long on my Nokia than someone with an Android or iPhone. My phone just wouldn't find what I wanted, or it would freeze, or it would reboot itself right at a crucial time when you really didn't want it to. And this is why I finally gave up on Nokia. Their hardware is SECOND TO NONE. The N8 is a beautiful phone, it's solid, tactile, the anodized aluminium body feels great. The camera is AMAZING. I took pictures on that and people didn't believe I didn't take them with my DSLR. Video on the N8 is amazing too - all the built in editing functions are unbelievable, it's virtually and HD camcorder in a phone. But as a smartphone, it just doesn't cut it. And I put the blame fully on Nokia's insistence (at the time) to cling on to Symbian. Even S^3 is unstable in my opinion. Freezing and crashing shouldn't happen on a top phone manufacturers flagship phone. Period. Maybe the partnership with Microsoft will bring something better to the table.So in the end, I ditched my unlocked N8 with pay monthly AT&T;, got a 2 year AT&T; contract, a $150 Motorola Atrix 4G running Android 2.2 on Amazon Wireless, and it's the best decision Ive made in a long time. A tearful farewell to Nokia, but now, hello Android, I love you...

Bought one of this and I usually do not return items I buy. I think this is my first time to return I bought on Amazon's and I have been a customer of Amazon since 2001. The battery of this phone is really, really bad. I could not believe having to charge it twice in three days. And I was not even using my phone that much. I was practically on standby the whole day. Moreover, the phone is not user friendly. Bad decision to buy this. Don't tell me i did not warn you.

Great camera., but the screen is very slow in response to touches. In addition, the plastic out cover is fragile.

the camera phone just died. everytime i press the camera button it freezes the phone. the only way to go back to normal use is to restart it. nokia is aware of this huge problem. they told me to send the phone to their repair service.

This Phone with Belle update is an excellent device.Screen is vibrant and responsive, Call quality is excellent.Arguably the best GPS and camera in the smartphone business, great maps that don't need data plan, and pictures that rival a quality point and shoot camera.Nokia N8 build quality is exquisite.This phone hardware and features was years ahead of the competition, too bad it took such a long time for software to catch up...leaving Nokia in a pitiful competitive position.I don't care much about apps, but the phone and app world have the necessities.Obviously not the variety of A$$LE or Android, but still adequate.If you are looking for a great unlocked global phone, this one may be just the ticket.

I have been using smart phones for the better part of 15 years. Started with a Nokia 9000 and went though the windows mobile and windows CE and the rise of HTC. I have been a dedicate iPhone user from 07 to my current iPhone 4 . I also have been using Android mostly Gingerbread and soon ice-cream sandwich on an Atrix-4G. To my latest addition a new Windows Mobile HTC Titan.So with this pile of smartphones on my desk I still prefer the Nokia N8.Here are some reasons why:1) It's built like a tank. Seriously it's my 1 year old son's favorite toy and it does not have a scratch or a dent on it.2) it's an amazing camera.3) it's the best phone I have used in a while. It has better signal strength and great voice quality and volume. People have noticed when I am using my other phones.4) The Nokia navigation app is one of the better ones.  I would says it's on par with Navigon for iOS and it's free.5) Nokia seems to be taking care of it's customers.. This phone was released back at the end of 2010! it's an old phone. Yet I have received two major OS updates to this phone.  Anna, and Belle and will soon get MS mobile office suite all for free from Nokia.6) Works well in a Microsoft environment. There is a lync client and MS communicator, full exchange support and soon the complete MS Mobile office.Now some of the issues:1) It's not an iPhone.. and it never will be.. If you want a cheap iPhone get a refurbished one.2) The keyboard is not smooth as an iPhone.3) You might not have all the apps you want. Most of them are there but don't expect to be updated as fast as Android or iOS will be.4) Opera and the Web app work well but do act up on certain pages.Here is my synopsis, if you want to have a amazing camera and very good phone that is rugged. And, you use mostly contacts and calendar by all means have a look at this phone. If want to have all the latest apps, with all the best of the best social networking integration. I would look in to iPhone,Windows mobile and Android in that order.

This phone is great is you want as much capability as possible crammed into a hand-held device. No, it doesn't have the most simple or flashy user interface, and if you only browse the web and download games, better stick with something simpler. But if you want some power-user features, this fits the bill nicely.The camera is most impressive. I recently compared it to my Panasonic TS1 camera, which isn't shabby itself, and the N8 got better-looking photos, with better sharpness, contrast and color accuracy, not to mention vastly more detail in low light and no annoying chroma noise. Also love the bright wide-angle lens, and the Xenon flash. I only wish it had better dynamic range in the highlights. Make no mistake - it leaves any other phone camera in the dust.The OS is packed with features like a file browser, Bluetooth file transfers, photo editor, HD video recording, turn-by-turn navigation, mass storage "drag and drop" support, and more. The interface is intuitive and easy enough to use. I know a lot of people complain how it's not as "slick" and "polished" compared to Apple's, but I personally find Apple's interface disgustingly limiting and restrictive, thus I prefer a more capable OS.I also love the multi-tasking abilities. I can follow turn-by-turn navigation while listening to music while taking photos at the same time with this phone, and it performs without a hiccup.The multi-media capabilities are quite nice too. With 16GB internal storage and powerful hardware, I can simply copy movies from my computer to the phone, and it plays them back flawlessly. The music player has an easy to use interface and the sound quality is excellent. It also comes with a good-sounding headset, which can control the player.It has 3G on every band, which means I can have a fast connection with any GSM carrier.The keyboard is ok, but I still prefer a hardware keyboard.While it offers plenty of features, it's missing some abilities compared to my older Nokia E71. It can't create a custom EQ preset, can't edit ID3 tags, can't edit office documents without a paid upgrade (Edit - as of January 2011, a firmware update enabled office document editing), and can't encrypt the memory (Edit - the upgrade to Symbian Belle enabled memory encryption). At least it has a passcode lock, and while locked, you can't access the phone via the USB port, so that should stop all but the most determined hackers and crackers.Overall, I am quite pleased with the phone. On paper, it may not have the most impressive specs, but in actual use I found it to be a surprisingly capable and powerful device.

Really nice phone more than he expected for that price love it and that is all that I have to say about this product!

Broke Cellphone,is just turning on but wont work with any sim card,just stay in offline mode.I order it on my friend adress in US and he sent it to me in Afghanistan because the seller dont want to sent via APO/AE and i received the phone bit later,warranty was just 30 days and they dont want it back,so i pay other 70 dollars to fix it.Be aware.

For the 50+ cell phones that I have personally used in the past, hands down Nokia still makes the best quality than the likes of BlackBerry, iPhone, Samsung or other smartphone manufactures.  Symbian had it's leap in the speed, reliability, efficiency, and sustainability in terms of operating system, but it's lacking a powerful eco system, apps, and developers.

perfecto en excelentes condiciones y sin ning&uacute;n problema es todo lo que se dice en la publicaci&oacute;n y tal ves mas

So I bought this phone about 3 months ago. I'll start off buy saying that 2 weeks ago this phone completely died on me (wouldn't turn on, wouldn't charge). After this fiasco not only am I completely disappointed with the phone itself but I am just as disappointed with Nokia customer service. After waiting a long 2 weeks for a new phone they didn't even send me a proper refurb. They sent me a "new" phone with my old casing on it. Seeing as my old username was stored on there I am hesitant to even believe the inside of the phone itself is new. As an Apple employee (I should have an iPhone I know) this is ridiculous seeing as we replace customer's nonfuctional phones with new ones or refurbs that are like new. Not to mention the fact that the woman I spoke to on the phone was completely unsympathetic about my problem. Having paid over $400 for their crap product I feel as if though I should have received some better treatment. Especially since this is a know problem (I know someone else who's N8 has completely died on them) and Nokia has refused to address it I should have received better treatment. As for the phone itself, it is hardly worth the money. The operating system is slow, with many glitches and errors that are annoying and would be simple to fix. The camera is nothing special (the biggest reason to get the phone) at night. Night pictures look like pictures taken with any old cell phone. My friend with an Android gets better night shots than my N8. This phone is completely uncompatable with Macs except for the use of iSync (thank you Apple) which just adds to my frustration. The apps are no where near what is available for iPhones or Androids. Overall, this phone is not worth the money at all. I'm pissed that I have to stick it out with it and that I dropped that much money but I have learned my lesson.. Nokia, Never. Again.

Solid build, great features. I didnt find any issues till now. One thing I liked the most is Ovi maps. Very easy to use.

Some pros- Since AT&T; does not recognize this phone as a smartphone, I was able to get the unlimited data plan.- can easily sync contacts and download updates through a computer- contains micro sd card slot for expansion- fm radio- can play a lot of music / video typesSome cons- not a lot of apps- Nokia's music player is lacking in functionality especially for podcasts- upgrading the OS can cause unexpected loss of functionality

Nokia products have been among the best all over the world, with beautiful network connectivity and voice production. I love my new Nokia N8 product! My Nice Device!

I keep this phone as a spare.  It has most of today's bells and whistles found in modern smart phones.  The camera and video quality are excelllent.

I ordered Nokia N8 after ignoring other android phones. My expectation with N8 was that even when Symbian is a dying Operating System, it would be ok to work with, since it belongs to Nokia. I always wanted to have a good Nokia phone when i was in college. In India having a good nokia phone is a style statement.I had great expectations with nokia N8, but when i used it, i can easily say that its User Interface is the worst among all the smart phones available today. To do a simple task such as to switch on a bluetooth, you need to go through several steps. Once you open an application and do not explicitly click on the exit button, the application will remain opened, making your phone slower. The look an feel of the UI is so basic that you would feel that you are playing with a cheap children toy.Also, this phone weighs a lot. It feels that Nokia just wanted to make a smart phone but did not pay any attention to its user experience and weight.I am giving a 2 star to this product for its good design.

forget Forget about iPhone or android... this is a real mobile device. A full of features mobile computer. Also I got it for a reasonable price from amazon

I love Nokia N8. Is a phone that has multiple uses that have multiple functions and one of the best on the market.

the equipment meets all quality functions quickly good resolution, but the package arrived and I did not have the headset even though its publication indicated that was new and therefore came with all accessories. which I generate a new spending to me.

great features & light weight - abit thicker than what i expected - good processor , camera & touchbut i was surprised that it's manufactured in Mexico

This phone has an endless list of features. I will not go into the features I have already read on other reviews.- Tethering out of the box with an app included in the phone.- Super fast face detection (focusing and metering)- Very responsive screen- The old composite video cable works on the headphones jack (as well as the HDMI)- It may not have a retina display, but videos seem very crisp and vibrant.- GPS lock and compass calibration was very fast.The things I disliked:- Like everyone else the UI is not state of the art, there is much room for improvement here.- Mail for exchange did not properly work on an initial sync.- The social network app is terrible.Overall the phone is great for techies who love to have many features that are software locked on other platforms.



I love this phone, 12mp camera that will spank your dedicated cybershot camera, actually has a shutter in the lens and a large cmos sensor with carl zeiss optics. GPS that you can disable gprs assist so that you dont need a data plan to use it. Great interface and call quality. Signal strength is on par being a Nokia, you always get the best reception possible. 32gb internal storage expandable with a micro sd card.

amazing photo quality. it some time came out better than my P&S Nikon P500. it is perfect for someone like me who wants to snap on everything. and for the phone part it does everything a phone supposed to do. no problem on call and text and internet at he same time. it is a shame people compare it with an iToy. THIS IS A REAL MULTIFUNCTION PHONE!

I had had the Nokia N8 for a month when I went on a business trip to Holland with a colleague who had an iPhone. Within minutes of getting off the plane my emails and texts came tumbling down. It took my companion some time to retrieve hers. On the train journey from Schiphol to southern Holland I was able to doze with the N8 providing me with constant music from an internet radio station in North America via the train's wifi. My companion found that her internet reception of streaming data was a problem. However the superior social networking features of the iPhone kept her occupied until we disembarked.The following morning, in a hire car in Eindhoven, the car's Tomtom refused to work and I resorted, in a slight sweat, to the N8 and found it had an absolutely brilliant sat-nav facility which was precise and accurate. I inputted the post-code and the nice lady guided us easily to our destination on an industrial estate on the city outskirts.So, to summarise, the N8 is superb and I have never had any problems with it. If your main aim is to use the social network facilities then consider the iPhone. But if you are a professional and want a top quality competent smart-phone for calls, texts, emails and good internet access, including access to your Outlook diary back in the office, then it must be the Nokia N8.

I got this phone last night. the outside box is pretty impressive. However, there is no memory card in the box. What's worse, I can't open the monitor or even charge it! I doubt is there a monitor in the phone or not?

I liked the time, the camera is great, now, I did not like os, I thought the ana is better than belle, rather than buy it all for the camera, taking pictures is very good

I'm really pissed at amazon for sending a blue n8 instead of a dark gray. unfortunately i'm outside the US and the logistics involved with returning is just too cumbersome for me. so i sold it.good thing the price has dropped. will most likely reorder.having said that.. I am in love with this phone. played with it for a weekend. forget the iPhone buy the N8!the only reason i'm giving a 3 star instead of 5 is because the shipment was delayed without any explanation it arrived late and in a color different from what i ordered.the phone itself gets a 5 star..make that 4.5. the touch screen keyboard wasn't that comfortable for me.. but i'm sure it gets better as one gets used to it. will get a stylus though.I used it as an FM transmitter... verdict: lovely. watched a movie on it... verdict:  beautifulWell done Nokia... will be repurchasing soon.btw the Ovi store is really good!! has enough apps for me.. i don't know what the hype is all about! in fact i'm going to purchase an additional 16gb memory stick to ensure i get as much apps as possible from the ovi store.buy it!

Wonderful product. Especially the high resolution camera.You can charge through the USB and the bluetooth charger, so it is convenient.I like this reliable and durable product very much.

This phones main selling point is it's camera - it can take 16 x 9 photos (9 Megapixel), and can take full 12 megapixel camera that can take full resolution photos in 4:3 format. The phone integrates very well with windows. Nokia's complimentary windows app "Nokia Suite" allows contact editing through desktop. It also allows sending text messages through desktop (when phone is connected). "Nokia Suite" makes tethering very easy, and you can use internet both from phone and desktop.Nokia also includes inbuild GPS with voice navigation, and world maps are included standard. Voice guidance is available in many languages from around the world, or, if you like, you can make your own voice navigation.Nokia's battery lasted a bit longer when I first had it. These days it lasts about 18 hrs with an average of 3 hrs of talk time during day, and about 50-75 text messaging.The reason I have to give Nokia a 3 star is because of its recent software update Belle. This update is in all due honesty a cheap knockoff of Android. So, if you can avoid getting Belle on Nokia, it is worth 4 star atleast.Compared to what iphone offers OOTB, Nokia definitely is a strong contender.

The Nokia N8 looks like an amazing phone , i would like to ask a question and find out some information on this phone please.Is this phone able to be used in the Caribbean ? I live in Barbados , but work in St Vincent and travel also to England . Would i be able to use the Nokia N8 in these countries , using a local sim card ?Thank You

El celular Nokia n8, me llego con defecto con la bater&iacute;a da&ntilde;ada, tuve que comprar nuevamente la bater&iacute;a, despu&eacute;s de probarlo con la nueva bater&iacute;a funciono perfectamente, recomendaci&oacute;n al vendedor revisar antes de enviar el producto

for my experience with nokia phones the n900 it's much better. nokia n8 you can't watch live tv in the web and camera resulotion not good. my phone made in china maybe the phone made in finland will be better.

El primer nokia N8 que me enviaron de amazon no le funcionaba la entrada para los auriculares (made in China). Me enviaron un segundo dispositivo (made in FINLAND)y &eacute;ste de momento no ha presentado ning&uacute;n problema considerable, excepto que algunas veces la aplicaciones se congelan, creo que con una nueva actualizaci&oacute;n se pueden corregir &eacute;stos inconvenientes menores.El tel&eacute;fono en s&iacute; es hermoso, excelentes materiales de construcci&oacute;n, buen peso (en particular a mi no me gustan los tel&eacute;fonos super livianos, se sienten muy fr&aacute;giles y baratos)la c&aacute;mara es genial..!!Todas las funciones trabajan bien en Costa Rica (Ovi, mapas, internet, etc) ning&uacute;n problema hasta el momento.

Hi people,Im Carlos from Dominican Republic. I used to be a fan of Windows Mobile a few years ago and then about 2 years ago turned Android.While must of the companies are developing or focus on great phones with fast processors, bigger and vivid screens, which one will integrate NCF?, fingerprint reader, getting app update twice a month or a lot of customROMS to flash like a maniac looking for the best performance... Me, ...tired of that life style, prepare myself for something new.I had a really bad and annoying experience with a Nokia 5800 :S It looks so FAT, screen sucks and feel so plastic! Besides that, the Symbian it uses fed me up. The menu or process for doing anything is maddening. It ask for everything. Makes me feel stupid.I did a very detailed research of this device before I placed my order. I read every single review on amazon and from other websites. At first, I was REALLY scare of the Sleep Of Dead [SOD] that happens on some units but I assume de risk and hope not to use the "return" option.Here are my POSSITIVE impressions of the Nokia N8:+ Penta Band 3G: Wherever I go, USA, Europe, Caribbean I'll have 3G access! That's cool.+ AMOLED screen: Looks great and it's nice to know that it has gorilla scratch resistant. Of course iF4 and must of Android devices has better graphics.+ Housing/Design: Perfect! The aluminium finish, nice material and the silver color makes a great balance.+ Camera/Xenon Flash: Much better than all Windows Mobile, Android that I've used. I cant compare to iphone4 since I haven't use it.+ FM Radio wRDS and Transmitter: Nowadays it's not common to listen FM stations but I've found the FM Transmitter very useful! The only issue is that must be really close to the radio in order to work better.+ Signal: Great. I've experience this talking volume in Blackberry devices. The sound is adequate.+ Battery: Great so far :D Gives more than a day. With Android devices battery last 6-12hrs...+ USB On the Go: Havent test it but It's really cool to know It's on your device!+ HDMI: Havent test it but It's really cool to know It's on your device!NEGATIVE Impressions from other REVIEWS and my fixes:- Virtual Keyboard: Yes, it's bad at first. Need some time to get used to it but It's good using Spanish language. We'll have an update soon, so, we hope Nokia do something with this! There is also another keyboard called "DAYHAND" just google it... It seems that is not available any more.- Browser: IT REALLY SUCKS!!! Try Opera and use Opera Link to have your Favorite websites linked.- No OFFICE Documents Edit: Yes, This was fixed with an update... Anyways I don't use it.- Video Recording has no light: So? Some other devices don't have it either... Im so satisfied with the Xenon that I don't really care of LED.- Battery is not User friendly replaceable: So?!?!?! With Symbian there is no need of flash-a-holic and do some crazy app installations. Just press the power button for a few seconds and I'll restart.- Poor Application Store: It's right, it's not the best. But must of the application I use are available. Too bad Developers are not motivated :(- GPS: I can't use OVI MAPS in my country. Looking for google maps for Symbian...EXPECTATIONS1) Announcement of the next update with fixes of all software issued including new keyboard!.2) Hope my N8 dont DIE!!! I wouldnt like to start a return-waiting process.Well, That's all folks. Sorry for my extended review.Oh! Last thing: Don't forget to buy the otterbox to protect this little toy :D

Although many functions require connection to a computer, the N8 cannot be connected to a Mac OSX.  What purports to be Mac software is nonfunctional and crashes the Mac.  No one accustomed to the Mac standard will be satisfied with the user interface:  it is clumsy, slow, unresponsive, and error-prone.  Communication with the operating system requires Morse code, and the only documentation is the User Guide on the phone, which scarcely covers 20% of the material necessary.

Fabuloso me encant&oacute; el tel&eacute;fono, es lo que necesito para mi uso diario tiene funciones buen&iacute;simas y tiene muy buena presentaci&oacute;n.

muy buen aparato, el GPS funciona muy bien. lo unico malo es la bateria que no dura mas de 8 hora de resto es excelente!!

Can know what it has? ??? Box, accessories, charge,... . I think it has like ne talk because it like new

The product was received in the condition I intended to buy it in. Great product, good battery life and an amazing camera. But, I would like to see more app availability from Nokia.

yes, I didn't believe it everybody said the software is garbage, I said to myself no I am testing it cauz I was still happy with my good old Nokia N73 Music Edition.I bought the N8 today and I am really disappointed, Nokia just FACE IT PLEASE, you guys sold us an alpha version of an Operating System!!!! Symbian 3 just sucks!!!Pros: Camera, Hardware (REALLY OUTSTANDING)Cons: Software = the whole cell phone itself

Muy bueno tiene todo lo que uno se puede imaginar la camara super,la navegacion en linea como una laptop la calidad de las imagenes super bienel venededor como siempre justo a tiempo.

Latin American live and I want to know if they are selling N8 in USA, brings the Spanish language option, to order, thank you for your attention.vivo en latinoameria y me interesa saber si este N8 que estan vendiendo en USA , trae la opcion de idioma espa&ntilde;ol, para encargarlo,gracias por su atencion.

I received this product in the terms I need it and it the according time. The product accomplishes my personal needs. I recommend it.

Helli i bought this phone 3 days ago but i have a some anxiety..i will use this phone at the turkey not in usa..and when i do update this phone still will be unlock??This phone is pactory unlock??

I was fan for long time of Nokia Cells. but now when I meet Motorola Android, I don't like any more nokias cell.

N-8 SUPER MONSTER PHONE 5 STARS ON EVERYTHING BUILT LIKE A BATTLESHIP IF U LIKE PLAYIN GAMES ON UR PHONE BUY THE IPHONE BUT EVERYTHING ELSE N-8 RULES AND I MEAN HUGE FROM SPECS TO FEATURES!!! YES I KNOW OS OUTDATED BUT SO IS OLDSCHOOL MUSIC!AND YES OLDSCHOOL MUSIC STILL RULES THATS Y NEW SCHOOL SAMPLE IT TO DEF! CAUSE IT WILL ALWAYS BE NUMBER ONE!JUST LIKE NOKIA RULES THE PHONE WORLD OLD PHONE STYLE NOW THEY COMING UP ON STYLE SO ANDROID WORLD BEWARE THE KING IS A WAKIN UP! N-8-N-9-E-7 AWESOME PHONES! N-8 SMOOTH-COOL-AND THE BEST! ROGER THAT OVER AND OUT!

The product came in right on time and just like I thought it was.I'm in love with this phone already.Perfect service, good customer service effort  in every circumstances.I will advise to anybody to buy from you and they won't be sorry.

Compre dos telefonos N8 , exactamente a las dos semanas de uso, simplemente ya no encendian, hice todos los procesos que dicen Nokia en su pagina y no funciono, vale la pena decir que Amazon es lo maximo como tienda, ya que hicieron la devolucion del dineroI bought two N8, after two weeks of use, just doest turn on, I checked at the nokia.com site and follow the procedure for this case, but didnt work. Hopfully Amazon is The best Store in the web , because they refund the phones.

I purchased this phone almost two years ago and while I absolutely enjoyed it at first I can't wait to get rid of it now. It is buggy as hell and has been from a few months in. Now just opening my contact list can cause my phone to freeze and/ or doing just about anything else. Almost from the beginning I would get memory full messages even though I only have the apps that came with the phone ( I have a few hundred pictures stored but they are all on my 16gb memory card). My text messages stopped going out at one point and I would just get an error message. It resolved itself after about three weeks and I have never been able to figure out what was the cause.My camera stopped working for months. I would press the camera shutter or open the app and it would instantly crash. I tried every solution that I could find online to no avail. Finally I downloaded a panoramic camera app and this solved whatever the problem was. Calls drop all the time or the screen malfunctions and I can't end a call.There just seems to always be an issue with the phone and i'm tired watching my friends use their phones with such ease so im buying a new phone (hopefully a nexus 4). Below are some of my favorite pros of the N8:1) Build quality: This phone is an absolute dream to look at. It is thick, especially when compared with other phones but it is solid and has a nice weight to it. To be honest this phone has taken some serious falls lately like a tumble down stone steps hitting each one on the way down and a flying leap from my hands at ear level onto a tar pavement with only a few dents and scratches to show for it. Nothing beats the original Gorilla Glass!2) Camera: While I have since had issues with picture quality (possibly due to said falls somehow) this camera took the best pictures that I have seen on any phone to date. My friend's Iphone 4s had nothing on it! I bought a panasonic digital camera at the same time and ended up gifting it to my cousins, this baby got the job done much better :)3) Screensaver: I love being able to pick up or look over at my phone and see what time it is without touching anything. It sounds so simple but you would be suprised how convenient it is and I don't recall any other phone with this capability.4) Built in FM radio: I live in The Bahamas and I can tell you that during a power outage or storm that radio 'apps' won't cut it if there's no cell service. It is invaluable (although why i don't have a battery powered radio in my house under these circumstances would probably be a very good question).5) Battery life: I can consistently get at least a day's worth out of this phone. Even if this includes taking pictures (alot), making calls, messaging on what's app all day, listening to music or the radio and a little reading my pdf files.All in all it was good while it lasted but this phone is unable to keep up the times. A phone that will let you done with basic texting and calling capailties becomes just an expensive paperweight no matter how you look at it. If I could take the features that I love and put them into my next phone I would be the happiest person alive.

I promise that this will be my last review of this phone. I was very disappointed that the first one failed in 31 days. However, Amazon refunded ALL my money, and I made a point of buying another one from them, rather than a slightly cheaper one from an Amazon affiliate store. BIG difference! The replacement phone was NEW, as opposed to "used" as was the one from the Amazon affiliate store. I know that because:1. The box on the Amazon replacement phone was sealed with a little blue "Nokia" factory seal.2. ALL of the accessories were in the box, and they were all sealed in bags. Both of the 6-inch long USB adapters were missing from the first phone, and the bags that were in there were sealed with Scotch tape.3. The protective stick-ons were super tight on the AMAZON phone. The ones on the "affiliate store" phone had been obviously re-applied, with large air bubbles under them.4. Last but NOT least: The games on the phone that failed were already set up for the German language, and the menus and screen display said "T-Mobile." I had to do all that setup stuff from scratch with the new N8 from AMAZON.The first phone also had the "No camera sound" option, but the American market one from Amazon did not. That means the first one was a Euro market phone.So it's all good now. The phone is amazing, and the photos embarrass those from other smartphones. Sometimes the interface gets a little sluggish, and the screen goes black for a few seconds, but my son's iPhone 4s screen freezes, forcing him to turn it off and back on (I have to do that sometimes too). Part of my problem is that I have over 800 photos on my phone, and a lot of apps, which burden the processor. Did you know that the sensor in the N8 is .802 inches diagonal (21.5mm), not under a half-inch like those in other smart phones and even most point-and-shoot megazooms? So the digital zoom on the N8 works well without excessive pixilation. And then there's the great and fast offline GPS, and the 802g/n WiFi, and the build quality, and the FM broadcast, and the 16 gb internal memory, and the extra memory card capability, and the standard, replaceable battery.STANDARD, REPLACEABLE BATTERY, you're thinking. Is this guy mad? No,look on youtube, or download the free Nokia N8 service manual. If you can change your car's tail light bulb, you can do it. You just need a small Torx screwdriver, and some basic fine motor skills. The battery is an off-the-shelf BL-4D. Another thing that most people don't know is that the flash on the N8 will trigger a Xenon "slave" flash, which greatly improves picture quality in dark settings. I use a little Vivitar DF-120 flash that's about a third the size of the N8 (but it's thicker). It worked perfectly at a party in a Marriott banquet room, which got me designated the official cell phone photographer. You know that TV commercial where the Samsung Galaxy III owners touch phones to exchange playlists, while the iPhone users look on in amazement and jealousy? You should have seen my co-workers at that party when I used my N8 and my shirt-pocket Vivitar slave flash. You can even hold the slave flash at arm's length to avoid the red/white eye problem that haunts most phone cameras. The FM broadcast blows them away, too. Our office pool cars have basic FM stereo radios, but no matter! I just tune to an unused station slot, queue up one of my favorite playlists, or Internet radio, and rock on! You just have to set the phone somewhere near the radio. How do other smartphone owners survive without that feature?TWO must-have apps: Joiku WiFi hotspot, and Camera Pro. Trust me. I have the last version of Symbian ANNA on my phone, and they work great. The Joiku hotspot app is the best I've ever used. Very fast throughput and a cool, useful control panel. Camera Pro takes awesome pix (same as the OEM app), and you can turn off the red pre-focus light and the shutter sound.UPDATE JUNE 21: I now regret purchasing this capable but "glitchy" phone. My next phone will not be a Nokia. ONE DAY after my 30-day return period with AMAZON ended, the bottom 2mm charging socket went dead. The USB mini-port still charges, but in 2 days I head to Ocean City for a week, so now I have to buy a universal USB charger kit at BB so I can use the phone on vacation. Then it's back to Nokia because Amazon won't take it back unless I agree to take a bath on the credit. I'm a professional engineer, so this was not abused (ie: I don't throw my phone around or beat people on the head with it), and I only charged it at home or in my office with the approved Nokia charger. Resetting the phone only cost me my shortcuts: It had no effect on the charging pin. I repaired over 300 laptops when I worked for a computer company called Odyssey, and I've rebuilt or repaired numerous cellphones, iPods, and iPhones, so I'm very familiar with small electronic devices. The pin socket is not loose or damaged. This appears to be a board-level component failure. My web research indicates that there are fusible links on the main board that can open up, and this is most likely the cause. My Nokia chargers work great with my Nokia-China made N82, which thankfully I kept. I thought the Finnish factory phones were better quality?In the beginning, the only thing that acted weird was the flash on the camera: It didn't work at first, but then it started working great, and that ushered in a 4-week period when everything was good. AT&T; did discover that I was using a "Smartphone" with a standard SIM card, but they allowed me to do the $10/month unlimited data plan because I'm the primary accountholder and I've been with them forever.All-in-all, this phone is a big disappointment. The N9 is probably just as bad. It's time for me to ditch Nokia!By the way, after the factory reset a lot of built-in applications like the photo viewer and camera button didn't work. After playing with the settings, they magically started working again. Also, when I received the phone, the stick-on labels had obviously been re-applied by a previous owner. When people return devices within their 30-day free trial, Amazon and its sellers should be honest and label them "refurbished" like the cell phone carriers do.ORIGINAL REVIEWThis is my first touchscreen-only phone, and I'm still in a learning curve. But it's not the phone's fault. I have very dry skin, so every touch screen I've tried, including the iPhone, is buggy with me. I restore vintage electronic tube gear, so the dry skin has probably saved my life a couple times.From a build quality standpoint, this phone very solid. The little plastic doors for the SIM and memory cards are typical cell phone quality, but the case is very solid. WARNING: the case is very slick, so when you order the phone, order an Otterbox or similar case at the same time, or you WILL drop the phone.Here are some pros and cons:PROs:- Real GPS that finds satellites even in the men's room at my office. I downloaded the entire US and Canada for free in about 2 minutes using my home network.- Real WiFi, that works for free in a million malls, fast food places, coffee shops, and the like all over the country. Why pay for the cow when you can get the milk for free?- Great signal strength if you go to Settings and set it to 3G. Until I did that, mine didn't get reception down in my basement clubroom. Now it gets 3-5 bars.- Loud, clear speakerphone. I use my phone for small meetings sometimes so this was important.- If you have a standard phone account, and you just slip in your SIM card, AT&T; doesn't call you and force you to buy a data plan. Also, the phone doesn't brick within 30 minutes. Stick a standard SIM card in an iPhone and you'll see what I mean. Just kidding, don't do that. You'll have to take it to the Apple Genius bar and have it reprogrammed.- The camera. Go to Flickr or some other photo sharing site and look up pictures taken with the Nokia N8. And the videos are the best 1280x720's I've seen, at least in a phone. Photo sharing sites don't do them justice unless you download the videos and view them from your computer's hard drive because Flickr, Youtube, and others can be jerky with videos. Outdoor pictures rival most pocket cameras. I used my N8 at my daughter's end-of-season soccer team party and no one can believe I was using a cell phone camera until they check "properties".- If you had an N82, ALL of your accessories will work with this phone.- Uses a 3.5mm headphone jack. Has an HDMI connector and the cable comes with it.- The phone charges from a charger or the mini USB cable.- The audio volume control is truly variable, instead of in "steps".- Has the same cool music player interface features as the iPod touch and iPhone, etc. Shows the dates of groups of pictures, the alphabet letter of music albums, and so forth.- All sorts of voice commands but I'm still learning about that.- 16 GB internal mass memory- The adaptive touch screen for texting is impressive.- It doesn't make that annoying "dit-dit-ditdit" sound when I send a text and I'm at my computer (like other phones do) so the shielding must be good.- BATTERY: This uses a standard BL-40 battery: It's just internal. All you need is a #4 Torx screwdriver. There dozens of diagrams with instructions online. Bottom Line: If you're smart enough to use a smartphone, you should be smart enough to change this battery.- Too many other features to discuss here, but the main ones are above.CONS:- Slippery case. Get a nice rubber skin case, or suffer the consequences.- The new Belle OS upgrade supposedly has a better texting keyboard, but it has bugs in other areas.- The audio volume for the Music player is too low, so you have to use high-efficency headphones. Even my UltraSones aren't as loud as I'd like.- The external speaker isn't as effective as the twin stereo speakers on the N82- I haven't found a way to alter the pre-set music equalizer settings, but there's probably an app for it.- No standard Bar Code reader, but there ARE several apps for that, including some that some claim are as fast as dedicated code readers.All in all, a great choice if you have an existing T-Mobile or AT&T; account and just want to buy a phone and slip in your SIM card. And the price is very good now that the N9 has gained a foothold. I still wish Nokia had finished their design for the "N99", because it had a keyboard, but I guess that was a pipe dream.By the way, when I see negative product reviews, I immediately read them to see if it's the product, or the reviewer. Phrases like "It don't turn on" or "this phone no gud" in a review indicate that maybe the reviewer was just in over his/her head.

About a month ago, I ordered five of these so I could see each color before purchasing one.  All colors were very impressive but I went with the blue.  My wife, who was not in the market for a phone, saw the green one and wanted it immediately.  So we have two.  My prior phone was a Nokia N900 which I used for a little over a year.  I really liked the N900 but decided to try the N8 because it appeared the Maemo software on the N900 was turning into more of an Nokia experiment.  I could be wrong but enhancements and upgrades for that phone seemed unlikely.  Most of our friends have IPhones so for just that reason we didn't want one.The N8 was a very impressive surprise.  The looks and design make it cross into a more elegant catagory.  It's kind of like taking off an average looking wrist watch and replacing it with a Rolex or Omega.Below are the pros and cons.Pros:1.  The size (particularly the width) and weight are perfect for using one hand to perform functions.  The width of many popular smart phones make one handed use awkward.  Also the phone is all aluminum, a fact that distinguishes it from 99% of the competition whose phones are all plastic.  This is a visable and tangible difference, one you definately feel when you pick up this phone.2.  The glass is a special material (gorilla glass)and we've noticed that occaisional miscues that might have put small permanent marks or  scratches on our other screens don't faze this one.  We purchased Zagg protective film but decided not to use it unless it becomes necessary.3.  For calls and music, my N900 had two separate speakers and the sound was very good.  The one speaker on the N8, actually sounds better and is much louder.4.  As noted by others, the photos and videos taken with this phone are in a class of their own.  The end product is superior to most dedicated cameras.5.  Battery life:  For both my wife and I, who are middle of the road users, the battery lasts a solid two days and even more depending on the usage.  We typically charge on the third day.  I was charging every night with the N900.  As a side note, the N8 has an attractive analog clock and day/date screen saver that we leave on all the time and it seems to have little or no effect on battery life.6.  This is a small item, but the N8 provides the means to have a wrist strap.  I typically put the phone in my pants pocket with the wrist strap in position to grab when I hear the ring.  I got used to this on the N900 after a few months and found it very handy to use in many situations.7.  When you press and hold down the "call" button, you are prompted to say the name of the contact you wish to call.  The N8 brings up that contact, along with others that may have the same sounding name.  If you don't interrupt the process, the selected contact is called.  This is not a hit and miss thing.  For the most part, it's pretty accurate particularly as you become more familiar with what the phone likes to hear.  This same voice command also works for calling up applications.8.  There is a feature that will record phone conversations.  This recorder can be used for any purpose, business meetings, family arguments etc.9.  There is a second camera on the screen side of the phone for use with applications like Skype.10.  All of the on board applications perform as expected or better in some cases.  As far as we are concerned, all the hype about symbian being inferior to "whatever" is just that, hype.  Personally, I feel a very high percentage of users do not enter into a zone where using symbian is going to hamper their use of a smart phone.11.  Along with the typical useless programs, Ovi store also has several good ones.  For example, we loaded "Swype" which is a text entering program.  On the virtual keyboard, you move your finger across the keyboard and without lifting your finger, stop at the letters you want.  After you've completed the word, you lift your finger and the word is inserted into the text.  A little hard to explain but it's pretty cool.  Another one is "Own Voice" which is a program where you record your voice as the one that gives GPS instructions.  i.e.  "Turn left...no no, your other left."12.  I guess it goes without saying that as a phone, Nokia has always been a little ahead of the curve and the N8 is no exception.  Reliable excellent call quality and ease of use.On the con side:1.  It seems to me that the camera lens should be covered when not in use.  It hasn't really been an issue with us but it just looks like something that should have been addressed.2.  The speaker slot is located in the camera lens housing which protrudes out from the phone.  If the phone is tipped just slightly forward when laying on a table, the speaker slot gets blocked off and a ringing phone will not be heard.  The difference between hearing and not hearing the phone is only about 1/32 of an inch from the phone being perfectly flat.  The Nokia silicone cover emiminates this issue.3.  I found the Nokia Ovi Suite for the PC something of a challenge.  Not exactly user friendly.  Loading programs was cumbersome and a lot of the times didn't work.  I found the majority of the problems I encountered were due to me not using the correct procedure or starting from the right screen.  However, I also found that making a mistake was usually the only way to effectively get the correct procedure.  In any case, there's been an update and between that update and me learning about what not to do, things seem better.So in conclusion, Both my wife and I feel the N8 is an exceptional smart phone.  Stylish, functional and elegant.Update:  I've had the N8 for 8 months now and must say it continues to be amazing.  I've had no problems of any kind.  Even though I've been pulling it in and out of my front pants pocket the whole time, there is not one mark on the gorilla glass.  Looks like it did when new.  It's overall handsome exterior still grabs admiring comments.  I back-up my data frequently because if I was to lose this phone, I would definately get another N8.  I've seen the new E7 with the slide-out qwerty keyboard and although very similar and tempting, it's missing the FM transmitter and the wrist strap holes like the N8.  Also, I've been told that although the E7 screen measures larger, the actual display is only slightly bigger than that of the N8.

It has been a while since I wanted a Touchscreen phone and was considering the HTC Desire, the Samsung S8000Jet, Motorola Milestone XT720 and the Nokia N8. The iPhone is a great phone but just not the one of my taste.Why did I choose the N8? well, it has all that I wanted.I am currently outside the US and the 3G frequency here is 850MHz which narrows my options.The HTC: Only specific models has the HSPDA 850MHz (A8182 & A8183) which are quite difficult to find on Amazon, in fact I was not able to find one!The Samsung: Checked with a friend's phone and the signal coverage was not that good.The Motorola: Great phone (xenon flash, HDMI out, HD Video capability), but a bit too big to fit confortably in my handI currently own a Nokia E51 and it is a great phone, in over 2 years no issues at all and the signal coverage is amazing (My wife works at a school out in the mountain area, and where all the other phones(Samsung, LG, Motorola) have failed with the network coverage(screen shows searching for network) this one wins by far (80% signal strenght)Purchased the phone on "Cyber Monday" for $429. Got the "Made in china" one and was a bit worried based on the reviews I saw, but I've had no issues at all with the phone(most of our electronic devices are made in China anyway). It even came with the updated firmware(RM596) and all the software updated as well (OVI suite shows "No updates available")Only some minor annoyances so far:1. Sometimes (less now than before) The screen will not respond to touch. I tap and tap and tap again and nothing, as if it was not aware that I was tapping or maybe I am not doing it correctly.2. Sometimes when I flip the phone, the screen will not rotate, I have to return it to portrait and then flip it and then it will rotate the screen. Amazingly, if the phone is on the table, as soon as I pick it up, the screen rotates!3. The home screen is a bit simple and you cannot place widgets side by side. Solved by installing SPB Mobile Shell4. The browser is not that bright so I use Opera Mobile 10 instead.5. No QWERTY keyboard in Portrait mode (weird as when using Opera, you get the QWERTY keyboard in portrait mode)6. No "custom" setting for equalizer as my E51 hasBedides these, which I can live with, the phone is working great. I get 100% battery after 1 complete day of usage. Power Saving Mode is nice to cutdown battery dain.Played Angry Birds, Neef For Speed Shift, Real Golf 2011 and Galaxy On Fire and they all ran flawlessly.Now, I can leave my Zen Multimedia Player(N8 Headphones have a great sound) and my Panasonic Lumix Camera at home as I have both features in the N8, plus, I can use it to make and receive calls.

The software on this phone is years behind competition. There are tons of bugs that should be caught in QA. Look and feel looks like it's from the 90s. OVI service is still a joke.

The system needs a lot of the amendmentRaw device an excellentMany of the programs do not work only the programs included with the device is good and the rest is very bad

This phone is awesome!  I can take photos on here that I've never been able to take due to its 12mp camera.  I love taking this thing out and photographing beautiful scenes in nature.  And the video capture is great too.  Unlike other video captures this one not only records in 720p but retains that resolution when you zoom in... seriously!!!  Call clarity is great too.  Address book is easy to navigate.  The only drawbacks would be that there is no qwerty keyboard for portrait texting, and the default web browser is a bit odd.  But those two things are not enough to make me rate this anything lower than 5 stars.

I am using  Nokia N8 for the last one month. It is a great phone. I like it and I dont hesitate to recommend N8 to my friends.

Used Nokias for many years, currently an E71.  The hardware of the N8 is fantastic, but the new Symbian 3 desktop software is an absolute nightmare.  This phone would be fine for a teenager who only needs something for Facebook and other social sites.  If you really want a useful phone with reliable Outlook sync and MS Office support, this ain't it.Returned it after two days.

Has a few issues Like software/phone freazes but otherwise a great phone.  I'm using it so much wife says i'm maried to it. No one can argue with the super pictures it takes even in pure darkness.  Takes better pictures than my $400 canon camera. Havn't tried the High Def vidio camera yet or the GPS much, but the feature that broadcasts your music to a radio is quit fun.  great for parties - record and play your own radio announcemts like "this song is dedicated to... or happy birthday to..."  May seem frustrating to use the phone at first until you get used to it, because there is soooo much to learn, to get used to, to set up, and apps to download, and all of these procedures take time and patience to learn.  Overall and so far after one month it seems worth the money to me.

Im very happy,what phone does, great camera,great display,bat.fine. I got the access to mail and internet with 3G thru simple mobile for 40 bucks a month. Thats what I need. Im not piky about all these extra futures.

I bought this phone to replace a Nokia LUMIA 800 and i'm very happy with my decision,  belle OS is better that windows. good pictures and video and good enough apps available. I'm still believing that NOKIA is the best phone brand in the world....

I've had the Nokia N8 for over a month now , and it's a great smartphone ! The negative reviews I've seen seem to come mostly either from people who are expecting an IPhone clone ( it just works ) or from people who don't know the Symbian ^3 OS .First , I should state that I'm not familiar with the IPhone, never used it , but I am familiar with Android ( MyTouch 3G Slide , G2 ) and RIM ( Blackberry Curve 8900 ) , but most of my smartphones have been Windows Mobile ( T-Mobile Dash , T-Mobile Dash 3G , HD2 ) , which may account for why Symbian ^3 seems so familiar and why I have no problem wth the occassional reboot . Now for the features ...Many people have dissed the N8 for the Symbian^3 UI  being clunky , which it is a bit . But I have no problem with it as it is very useful . As Rita El Khoury ( Google it ) put in an article , which I suggest you read  , " Really there's nothing you can't do with Symbian once you know the drill . " In this way , Symbian ^3 is very similar to WM .Reviewers have also slammed the Nokia browser too . It could use some improvement , but it's pretty good as is . It's a bit slower than the Google browser , though not much slower , and it does a good job with Flash , especially considering that the N8 has only FlashLite 4.1 . The rendering of pages could be better , though , and it really needs Flash 10.1 .Another sore point with reviewers is the keyboard , and they do have a few points here . The landscape QWERTY does have a rather odd key layout which does take some getting used to . Once used to it though , I find it to be a superior virtual KB . As to the the alphanumeric  portrait keyboard , I think Nokia needs to have a QWERTY option here ( Nokia , you need to take a hard look at the Opera Mobile 10.1 portrait QWERTY ; it's great !) . That said , there are situations ( logging in , for instance ) where the alphanumeric kb is useful .Camera on the N8 is terrific , no complaints ! Also love the video recording !  Not to forget that this is a superb multimedia device , great video and audio codec support ! Also love the  HDMI , though haven't used it lol , and the 3.5 mm AV port .Design on the N8 is first rate ! My only complaint here is that the battery is difficult to remove , but being able to disconnect the battery by an 8  second press on the power button does help . I like being able to access the SIM and micro SD cards from outside the phone , not to mention the hardware lock and camera buttons , fantastic ! Nor have I experienced any of the power or freezing issues reported by some users .Should you buy the Nokia N8 ? If you are willing to take the time to learn Symbian^3 , absolutely ! It'ss well worth the trouble and the N8  is a wonderful smartphone ! And don't forget the USB On -the - Go !Edit *****I've had my N8  for 6 months now and it's still awesome ! Here are my thoughts at 6 months .First , I should state that I'm a power user ; I use my n8 a lot , so some of the issues  I report may not be important to you and vice versa . Firdt the cons ...Proably the most annoying is that occassionally , the data connection won't engage when it should . This only happens every once in a while , but it requires  reboot , rather irritating . Nokia should really fix this IMHO .The second most annoying issue is that once in a while , the email client will stop downloading emaild for several hours .It always starts up again , and it's more of a nuisance than an issue for me , but for people who need reliable email , this woulf be an issue .Third is the new  Ovi Store , it does weird thing . U can't contact support , the emails don't go through . If u have a long list  after the first 10 items , the others display for a few seconds then disppear . The  IM for Nokia app doesn't update or install correctly . Nokia , pleaseee fixr these issues .Unlike many other N8 owners apparently , I use the Nokia browser as my chief browser . It's a great browser , just needs full Flash , better standard support !Finally , I still haven't really experienced the freezing and restart that some r reporting , other than the ones common to computers  e.g.  u have many windows open or the servers r messing up , things like that , but these r normal !One last thing , Nokia really needd to take better care of their current customers by getting the updates outrather sooner ,the new N8s have been shipping with the Anna update for almost 2 months now  yet current n8 users still don't have it !But I must ssy , the N8 is STILL  an awedome smartphone ,and I still highly recommend it !!!update 3-22-2012this is my third N8 but that`s no reflection on Nokia ; the original one was one of the infamous first batch, which had issues , just one of those things ; the second I downloaded a bad app ( cough , norton Smartphone Security , cough ) and it fried the software . Current one , no problems !One other thing , I DEFINITELY  reccommmend the Belle update , it makes the N8 even more awesome !One last thing lol . The issues I reported earlier have been fixed by the Belle update , woo hoo!!!!

I purchased the N8 and at the beginning everything was fine.  Pretty phone, but for the last month it just been blocking out.  I reset it and it works ok but now, last night the phone just turn off and that was it.  No turning back.  I`ve tried all procedures I have read in the Nokia page for resenting the device but has no success.  I just tried the hard reset as a last option but it doesn't work.I don't even have two months using the phone, why is it failing so much?

Dear Sirs:I have been a long time user of Nokia products, the last one I had was a Nokia N95 8GB that worked flawless but I had a bad idea of buying the much advertised Nokia N8 to upgrade some applications. This is my personal experience: 1.- From time to time your call gets hang up if you touch your chin with the screen's phone and other times the loudspeaker turns on. 2.- From time to time your phone gets disconnected from the service tower, so you get a sign "NO SERVICE" and the only way I have found to restore the connection is to turn it off and back on. . 3.- From time to time your phone get stucked if you touch too fast the screen, so the best is to touch the screen slowly and wait to see what happens, this screen is not as precise as the iPhone's. If your phone gets stuck turn it off and back on.4.- The much advertised Ovi Store from time to time does not connect, so you try it later. 5.- With normal use the battery last bearly a day. Unfortunely these are daily incovenients so I am not very happy with this phone. Honestly, I expected a lot more from Nokia.

I'm a mobile developer and work on most of the platforms - I haven't worked on a Symbian phone for a while, it was a pain in the behind last time I did and as I'm based in the US generally there is no interest from my clients. However, I just picked up this phone to do some testing as we're researching the viability of porting an App to Symbian (for a world-wide audience) or whether to wait for Windows to arrive at Nokia. And, wow. Holly crap, Symbian just hasn't come very far. The UI is just.. amateurish, its terrible. Absolutely terrible. After working with the iPhone and Android handsets, its hard to work on this piece of junk. I can't believe that people actually like this phone. Sorry, but I suspect those that do just haven't owned an Android or iPhone. Hell, even the Blackberry handsets are better than this.Now I understand Nokia's move to partner with Microsoft. I think Nokia is a sinking ship, and I seriously doubt bringing Windows to their phone will help given the dominance of Android/iOS/Blackberry. I suspect Nokia will kill Symbian and probably stick Windows 8 (once its ready) on their phones. I think they should have gone with Android, personally.But.. to be fair, the hardware is pretty good. Very good camera, it feels good to hold and is very light. Normally when phones are this light they feel cheap, but the metal case helps it feel solid. Screen is ok, at 640 x 360 its not exactly hi-res. But, crappy processor (680MHz Arm), in the age of dual-core 1GHz processors is like bringing a knife to a gun-fight.If they drop in a better processor, better screen and use Android OS then this phone might be able to compete. Wake up and smell the coffee Nokia - have you seen what that crazy upstart HTC is up to lately?Overall, if it was 2001 then this phone would be great.

I ordered the N8 through Amazon at the end of November. I was expecting it would come with Symbian Anna OS, however the model I received product code: 059D0V2) came with Symbian 3 (PR 1.2 v. 14.002, released March 2011) - a real dinosaur of a software. No sign of Anna, not even when I searched for updates. S^3 OS is very buggy (phone freezes, randomly reboots, etc.). I contacted Nokia support a couple of times but they said that this is the latest version of software for the model I have. I question the quality of Nokia's support given that they were not able to help me get a much-needed software update for the phone._________________UPDATE: I asked Amazon for a replacement and while they couldn't tell me whether the phone would have Anna OS installed, fortunately it did. So far the OS does seem much faster and more stable. Amazon service has been great: they sent the replacement phone in two days (and didn't even ask me to first return the old one). On the other hand, I am skeptical of Nokia's customer service who should have been able to help me update the software from S^3 to Symbian Anna in the first place. For this I had to give the phone four stars._________________My impressions so far:Pros- Beautiful detailing and solid construction- High-quality camera, very good at taking close-ups- GPS with voice-guided driving and walking navigation with multiple language support; works quite well provided there is adequate satellite reception. Unlike Google maps it does not require internet connection if maps are preloaded.- The mp3 player music quality is very good with one exception (see below)- Loudspeaker quality is very good (positioning is problematic though - see below)- Plays all video formats- Certain aspects of the software seem to be well thought-through (e.g. super easy to e-mail photos: select the photos and then the e-mail option, the e-mail application opens up with the photos already attached)- Simple, graphically-pleasing interface.- Interface is quite flexible overall (e.g. settings menu is impressive, offering much control over different aspects of phone functionality). You can easily add icons to homescreens and define different profiles. Most folders can easily be reorganized (except for the Settings menu).- The virtual qwerty keyboard is quite easy to use and you can install the Swype app for added predictive text functionality and foreign languages.- Fun features: FM transmitter which allows you to stream music from the phone to an FM radio (e.g. in your car) works quite well.Cons- Camera shutter is quite loud and there is no way to turn off the sound. I was only able to turn off the shutter sound after I installed the CameraPro app, unfortunately the app has issues (bugs) of its own so I am not sure if I will keep it on the phone. Either that or you gotta use your finger to block the loudspeaker (crude but works pretty well).- Camera auto-focus red LED light (different from the flash) is quite bright and disturbing to subjects looking towards the camera (even my cat was annoyed by it). While it is possible to disable the light with the CameraPro app, the photos come out quite blurry without it so the LED light sadly seems necessary. Fortunately, the light only seems to come on in low-light conditions.- There is a perceptible static noise with some wired headphones (e.g. Creative in-the-ear buds EP-630 and 660). The noise level is quite low so it is perceptible only inbetween songs or when there is no other sound coming from the phone. From what I read online, this seems to be a hardware design issue. Fortunately, the noise is not present when the screen is off, nor is it perceptible with the included headphones. The problem is also eliminated with Bluetooth headphones (because you are no longer using the jack).- Loudspeaker is partially obstructed when phone is lying down on table (has a considerable impact on speaker loudness)- There is no way to prevent the phone from automatically connecting to Wi-Fi when you start an app; specifying "Always ask" for "Data use in home country" under Settings > Connectivity > Settings does not work. The only work-around is to change the priority of your internet connections under Destinations > Internet.- You have to remember to check for fingerprints before taking a photo, because when you hold the phone your fingers end up on the camera lens.- The phone comes with an astounding number of different settings (a good thing) however the settings folder is poorly organized and thus difficult to navigate. I have a very hard time remembering where to find what. Unfortunately the settings structure is not customizable.- The positioning and shape of the menu key on the tapered part of the phone in the bottom left corner is awkward.- The phone feels a bit slippery as is, however I bought Nokia's silicone cover on Amazon and the cover works very well.NOTE: It takes a little more pressure than usual to get the headphone cable into the jack all the way. I initially thought that the headphones that came with the phone did not work until I realized that I was not pushing them into the jack far enough. You will know they are all the way in if you feel a click. After I did this, they worked fine.In summary, hardware is great and with the Symbian Anna OS, the software is much improved. This phone is like a mini computer - it can do much more than I expected when buying the phone. Overall, I am very satisfied with this phone.

one of the best phone I've had, practical, comfortable, and easy to operate .. recommended to all who want to buy this phone

From the onset the phone worked. I live in the British virgin islands and it works well on the local cct network. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I love my new phone! I'm a total fan of Nokia, they're the best!Product is just as described, shipping was very fast, thanks!

This is by far the best smartphone on the market. I have tried Samsung, Motorola, Sony, iPhone, LG and Nokia phones in the past. And this is the best one yet.  The N8 exceeds the expectation.Pros:- Outstanding 12 megapixel HD camera with Xenon flash. This camera has been compared even to DSLR's on the market.- GPS that connects quickly and works even in Offline mode unlike other phones which require data connection.- You can connect USB drives to it...I like this feature, u can take photos and give to family/friends in their USB then and there.- Awesome games in Nokia OVI appstore- Nokia has the best call quality- FM radio- Can use Opera browser...which I use every day.- Can add several email addresses to sync in real-time- Very sturdy case and screen- On-board photo and video editingCons:- Can't get it on AT&T; plan so you have to pay full priceIf you want a phone with the best camera, gps, call quality, network reception, HD with dolby surround sound, Panorama picture taking, and much more, you can't go wrong with the Nokia N8.

This phone was a big mistake, nothing but trouble.  Excellent camera but otherwise terrible.  I've given up trying to make it work and looking for a replacement now.

excellent construccion, a bit dificult to use the first time but you get used to it. great camera. nice large screen. great product.

I've been trading off between Symbian and iOS for the past few years and thought I was through with Nokia after the n97 mini with its resistive screen and sluggish interface. But I was tempted by the N8's camera and have been pleased by the UI improvements of Symbian ^3.  My N8 has been fast and rock solid.  No shut downs, no bugs, no freezes.  The camera is as fantastic as advertised, and the antenna pulls in a usable signal where my iphone flatlines. I'm now looking forward to the firmware refresh due in a couple of months.  Samples I've seen look pretty slick.  Symbian appears to have some life in it yet.  Nice work, Nokia.  You might reconsider that whole Windows Phone 7 thing.

I purchased 3 of them in February for my wife, my son, and I.  I have pushed the phone to the point of defect.  I have loaded and experimented with many apps. My home page is loaded with updates for my social networks, current news, and weather updates. I also have a dedicated home page for 5 emails set to the quickest update interval. I then purchased a program called RAMblow Pro.  It's a memory management program which closes unused apps for you.  Its similar to the memory programs offered on Android's app store.  I love this phone and all its capabilities. Its the best camera phone ever. Great replacement to my limited HTC Aria.I am also a former N97 and N95-8gb owner

This is a great phone, specially if you are looking for a best in business camera and excellent engineering quality.UI is not all, and Symbian works great, and gets the job done without killing your battery fast as most Android phones.Sound quality is fantastic, and the video quality is above average.Highly recommended!!

I've lightly used the device for a couple of weeks now. Used for app development (Qt), mostly.I haven't found any of the hardware issues reported, thankfully.It takes a little while to get over the initial user interface "shock". It's clunky, slow at times, the various apps have completely different looks and feels. Qt-based apps for example cannot touch-scroll. Others are a full screen contraption of user elements unrelated to any standard design form a user reasonably would expect. Many pre-installed apps do not seem to work, or require elaborate configuration, although that can be a plus, considering how Android apps can reach right into your contact and other information for "convenient" sign-up.I still hate the plastic shells at the top and bottom, negating the good impression of the aluminum case but the SIP integration remains a highlight, and so is pentaband 3G on this SIM unlocked device. I also despise the USB port at the side of the device. Didn't like it on the Droid (one of the reasons not to buy one), and sure isn't appreciated here.Great speaker. The camera dome provides the right amount of separation from a flat surface to sound great. Loud rings, so it is suitable to double as a SIP-based house or office phone.Outstanding camera. Unless I want to shot specifically nice pictures, I can leave my digital camera at home. Huge plus for me, personally.One personal aspect here that's quite the relief from the Android device I've recently used on a daily basis (NexusOne), is a reasonable assurance not to get "spied on" by Google like found on Android devices.Bottom line: Recommended only if you know what you're getting when buying a Symbian device. Keep your fingers crossed Nokia get their act together at the end of quality control and customer support, although that's asking a bit much of a devices that's north of $500 (now $400). This is 2010 and it's supposed to work right out of the box.

The N8 is my second Nokia phone, after the E71. Granted, I'm finding it challenging to move from the E71's QWERTY keyboard to the virtual keyboard on the N8. But, the challenges don't end there. Let me back up and say, first off, both that I really wanted to love the N8 and also that its hardware gives a lot to be loved.The phone feels great in the hand. The camera is all you've probably heard about, and more (plus, third party developers are now releasing apps that really unleash the camera's capabilities to the amateur photographer). Battery life is pretty good - not exceptional, but really good for a smart phone. I use this phone a lot and only occasionally have I had to put it on a USB or car charger, in the late afternoon. 3.5MM headphone jack is welcome. MicroSDHC slot puts the N8 ahead of the E7, in my opinion. Despite the modest clock speed of its CPU, I rarely experience sluggish behavior from this phone.Personally, I think Microsoft made a good move, in their alliance with Nokia; this phone proves Nokia's hardware is among the top of smart phones available today. The WindowsPhone OS can only go up, whereas I've about given up hope that Nokia's software development will ever improve. While Symbian^3 is a significant improvement over particularly the touchscreen capabilities of its Symbian predecessors, Nokia is not breaking any land-speed records with it's OS development cycle. Integration with PC-and cloud-based calendar, contacts, tasks, and other apps is really bad. Nokia's decision to prohibit the newest versions of Nokia PC Suite from syncing with the N8 - forcing N8 users to rely upon the awful and fatally buggy Nokia Ovi Suite - frankly illustrates some arrogant disregard Nokia holds for its customer base. Nokia Ovi Suite is but one reason why Nokia is failing in the market for higher-end phones. Perhaps Microsoft can help shore up Nokia's fortunes in this area; it's hard to imagine the alliance with Microsoft making the software situation with Nokia much worse.Both the portrait and landscape keyboards are finicky; even Swype (while a big improvement over the delivered landscape keyboard) lags behind Android and iOS keyboards. Third party developers, such as mobileways.de, which develop the excellent Twitter app, "Gravity," have proven keyboard design can be much better, on Symbian (in fact, Gravity proves there's much that can be done with the entire Symbian UI, if Nokia only applied itself).Nokia continues to only partially implement significant enhancements - it allows users to designate an alternate browser, as the default, then never calls the default browser; only using its lackluster native browser (although update PR2.0, expected in March or April, 2011, is expected to produce an improved browser). Particularly if Opera Mobile adds pinch-to-zoom, I expect even Nokia's updated browser will find itself not listed as most user's default web browsers. Symbian^3 allows for multiple calendars to be created, but there's no way to accept appointments received as iCal files attached to emails into one specific calendar; they only go to the default and have to be manually moved to another calendar, if desired. Symbian still has no notion of "categories" for appointments, tasks, contacts, or as a file attribute (a feature the Palm OS had, more than a decade ago). Don't expect to sync categories from Outlook, for example, to your Nokia phone. The calendar on the N8 is the worst calendar I've ever seen on a smart phone. No agenda view; no way to exclude tasks from what few views offered; an awful month-at-a-glance view. . . the calendar on the N8 is a real step backwards, even when compared to the old E71. Here again is an example where the WindowsPhone OS can only produce better functionality. It is astonishing to me that, even now, no third party developer has released a calendar app that beats the awful calendar shipped on the N8.As of this writing, there is no ereader app available for commercial ebook formats such as the Kindle, eReader.com, MobiPocket, or Nook. This is but one example of the considerable disregard of the Symbian^3 OS held by the commercial developer marketplace. I fear this is one area where the Microsoft alliance will pose a challenge; will developers continue to work with Symbian, even after the phone is updated to Symbian^4, with the possibility the WP OS will spell the future for high-end Nokia phones?Nokia continues efforts at developing innovative new apps, through its Beta Labs, but it is not rolling out needed updates to basic products such as Nokia Ovi Suite, fast enough.There are some things Symbian^3 does do very well. It's multitasking capabilities and memory management are head-and-shoulders above other mobile OS', in my opinion. While Nokia has implemented copy-and-paste relatively poorly, in the N8, that feature and many others are available. Ovi Maps is one standout application that ships with the phone (and its turn-by-turn navigation is a real value-added feature to this phone). The music app isn't half bad (but, Nokia, why do you make it possible for me to edit photos and video directly on the phone, but make it impossible to edit MP3 tags?) and the video playback is very good, whether on the phone or using its HDMI output.I could go on, but I should probably instead get to the bottom line: Do I recommend this phone? Yes and No. If you are already familiar with Symbian - the good and the bad - then you'll probably find a lot to like, in the N8. On the other hand, if you aren't interested in tinkering with your phone, you might want to seriously consider the iPhone, one of the many Android phones or (for those of you looking for a business-oriented phone) a Blackberry. Every week or two, I debate about whether I'm going to sell my N8 and return to the trusty E71; if you go with the N8, you need to do so after looking at both the good and the bad. And maybe PR2.0 and the other promised updates in 2011 actually will improve the prospects for this Symbian device. At least, that is, until Nokia's phones sporting the WindowsPhone - Nokia style - start to hit the street.

Be warned,i had read the other reviews and by mistake went by majority  reviews. The phone was okay or so i thought for the first few days before i started noticing some weird cons about it. Suddenly,i would charge it 2-3 times a day even when i hadn't used it much,the screen was not sensitive enough to the touch,had to push harder for it to respond,the phone when charging  would become very hot.Finally it went dead and won't turn on,won't charge, NOTHING. Just shipped my phone back,don't want it,don't want an exchange either,am now scared of buying items i cannot see and touch. I hope i will get my full refund since i only had it for less than a month. Somebody had mentioned on the reviews about the phone going dead just like that but i kind of thought maybe it was just that one phone. Anybody reading this,do not buy these phones you will be very veeery dissapointed,it's not worth your money plus your time!!!!!!. I wanted to give it zero star but it won't take it.

The greatest selling point for this phone is the photography capabilities, yet it only took 1 week for the flash in my phone to crap out on me. Thank you Nokia, this is the last time you'll ever get my money!

El celular comprado tiene una excente camara 12 MP, producto de buena calidad, comprado a Amazon vendedor responsable, recomendado 100%. NOKIA es lo maximo

i got this little power house two weeks ago and i cant put it down it plays all my media files without me having to convert them, it gives me facebook updates every time i unlock the screen, and when i get a call i can see my contacts facebook status, its a great flashlight and quick office works great, i connects flash drives to it all the time and the paid apps work perfectly, i use the fm transmitter everyday on the way to work the call quality is great and the phone app is easy to use, the camera is amazing just point and click the pictures litterally come out great every time. my only complaints about it are the free apps are buggy and the music player doesn't have search other than that this is my favorite device

I purchased it for my husband as a gift and we so far didn't like because the fact that the screen is not sensitive enough, every time he uses it, it take him some time to write the word that he want, also the battery doesn't last long, he has to charge it mostly every day even he doesn't use much

I like the camera in Nokia movil phone very much, is very autoprogram. This camera with 12MP and flash is great, but without macro as my breaked Nokia N95; I replace this option with the zoom . I use the camera in my work all days. Thus I have a phone and a camera all in one. I had GPS, Internet, mail, videos too, and touching.This phone has all I can obtain from an e-phone and more.
