
i am so in love with this phone i got gave my other phone away because this phone is my baby it has good service and good internet service good camera and record video and it even has a fm radio on here this phone is so cool i'm never getting rid of this phone and people always talking about this phone this phone is not bad this phone is good.

I purchased the LG Prime gophone because I wanted to tryout a touchscreen phone. I knew the phone would probably not accept my previous SIM Card (purchased in May2010), but I wanted to see how the phone function.  Unfortunately, without a SIM Card inserted, it only provides emergency calling. The phone locks and will not show any of the Menu functions. So now I have to wait 4 months before I can use the previous SIM Card. If you want to use a previous SIM Card, make sure it is at least 4 months old, in order to have the $50 airtime credited to the previous SIM Card.At the same time, I also purchased the LG Neon gophone. With that phone, without the SIM Card inserted, the phone menu functions are accessible, and I could change the date&time;, take pictures, access other tool features.

Well, when I was reading the reviews about this phone I almost didn't buy it because the negative points were quite effective in stating that it wasn't quite as good as it seemed, still I bought it because the price for a touch screen phone is very appealing, so I decided to give it a try.I have this phone for 3 weeks now, and I can tell that I don't regret having bought at all, there is the issue with the screen lock, it is annoying in the beginning, but then again, I am glad it is there because it prevents me from accessing something I didn't want to by accident while it is in my pocket or something, though when I am in call and I need to use the dial pad, sometimes it takes me a while to push the little unlock button on the side, and sometimes I miss the number(s) I need to push and I have to terminate the call and call again and re-start, but still I can live with it.The phone itself is awesome, the features, the tools, the navigation (phone and web) is really good, I have to say it is worth buying it, and it even feels like a steal paying only $79.99, I am even thinking about buying one for wife as well.The only thing that is not resolved for me is the fact that it is locked, and since I travel a lot I need to have local numbers for these places, so I need an unlocked phone, for now I still have my old phone but I want to get rid of it, so I looked up in the web about unlocking it, and for my surprise I have seen quite a few comments that you can unlock it for free by just calling AT&T; and requesting the unlock code, since I am traveling right now, I haven't had a chance to call the customer service number of AT&T; to check if it is true, if it is, then maybe I will buy maybe two more(might even give one to my daughter).

I don't quite understand why so many people complain about the phone locking after receiving a call.  The answer is very simple.  It locks so that when you put the phone to your head you don't activate commands via the touch screen.  Think about it.  You place the phone against your ear and the side of your face which can, and would, cause enough pressure on the screen to activate various commands.  Also, there is a button conveniently placed on the side of the phone that activates and deactivates the screen lock.  If I need to key in a number or get access to the touchscreen for any reason during a call just hit the button on the side, and Viola!, you can use it at will.Overall, this is a great phone, with great features, great quality at a FANTASTIC price.  Plus, there is a nice feature with AT&T;'s Go phones.  Say you have a standard phone account with AT&T; but want to upgrade your phone for cheap without having to sign a new multi-year contract.  Just buy the Go phone of your choice and instead of using the SIMM that comes with the phone use the one from your old phone.  I bought the LG Prime and installed the SIMM from my old phone and it operates like an unlocked phone.  I have done this for my past two phone upgrades.  It allows me to operate my AT&T; account without having to continually lock into a contract just to get a decent phone at a decent price.  Doing this, I can drop my plan anytime I chose or change it anytime I want.

After reading all good reviews on this phone I bought it for my wife for Christmas.  She was having trouble getting online and buying apps 4 it so she took it to an AT&T store.  After an hour in store they told her it was defective and she needed to exchange it at Amazon.  Amazon said they could not exchange the phone because they didn't have anymore in stock and they did not know when they were getting more in so they offered to refund it.  I returned it to Amazon and went to the AT&T store with my wife to buy her the same phone. After she bought the phone she checked to see if it was working and the same freaking problem.  After almost two hours standing watchin this AT&T rep try to fix the problem we demanded our money back and will never do business with AT&T.

i was using a sonyerricson 810i with at&t 2 years contract. i switched to prepaid phone because my contract expired ,finally!!, and don't want another 2 yrs imprisonment anymore. so a month ago i researched over the internet and got the lg prime from amazon.com. it costs $80 with two day free delivery. the phone is nice. it has all the features of a 810i plus more, touch screen, and thinner. there is one thing i don't like about the att go phone is that it has too many buttons/icons on the screen that you know you should not touch or charges will occur even without your knowledge unless you don't care paying hundreds of dollars a month. but i accicentally touched them few times because of its touch screen feature. for that i had to call att customer service to disable those 'social net', 'att music', 'app center', 'mobile web', 'mobile email', etc. because i don't need them and they cost much more than with contract. the 900mah battery is reasonable. i recharge the phone every two to three days or whenever its power meter drops one (out of three) notch. its power port share with usb, so i can use my pc to recharge the phone with a usb cable. reception is good. haven't had a drop call yet at where i live. the phone comes with 48 mega byte free user internal memory that enough to hold about 100 2mega pixel pictures. however, it doesn't allow me to download music into its internal memory, or i don't know how to do it yet. it has a micro-sd slot that can hold upto 32gb memory. so far the phone has been working reliably. if you need a basic entry level touch screen cell phone, you may want to check out the lg prime.

this phone is really good for starters.I am not used to touchscreen phones and it feels weird for the first day but then you get used to this phone and it is really fun. but I should mention it would have been better with 3G. I uses EDGE and sometimes it takes a little longer to browse website.

This phone is wonderful. I bought this phone for my daughter and bought myself the LG Rumor Touch.  My rumor is hard to get to certain things, such as contacts, e-mail and messaging. But the LG Prime is so easy to use.  The touch screen is wonderful.  I have since gotten rid of my Romor touch and ordered an LG Prime for myself. Also, it comes with a $50 money card. It's a great phone at a great price.

Ok so I wanted to wait to write a review until I had really gotten to know the phone. I must say I am honestly impressed with this phone for the small amount of money you pay for it. The touch screen can be a little funny when in the internet but you can fix that by zooming in (I normally always have to zoom in once to get the link to click) but the features of the phone are great, it comes preloaded with mobile banking as well as several other apps and there are more you can download. When you text you may notice you have to hit more at the bottom of the letter I have small fingers and I still have to or it will hit the keys above it. The phone only have GPRS and EDGE but it seems to move at a decent speed. If you're looking for a good phone for a really good price go with this one, I promise you wont be disappointed and this comes from a 22 year old phone addict.

I had this phone for a month or two at the most, and shortly after i began to notice problems, the screen completely stopped working on it, the buttons when you would text would completely use a different letter. This phone was a BIG mistake.

This cellphone eats up your money! I bought this one with a $50 dollar airtime credit...I couldn't believe how quick that goes out of your pocket! I absolutely hate this phone! It takes forever to get you to the web, I tried to download games from it...they say either you subscribe or you buy. I decided to subscribe, then they say you gotta buy it, I say, okay, I'll buy it, but then they'll tell you to buy credits! A certain number of credits in order to play it!!! This is bogus! A big of a waste of money! The product can be very rude, also! If you didn't want to read your emails yet, you'd have to press no- not to launch your email page yet.. they'll keep flashing that sign- to launch your emails..and it will not stop! I paid nearly $97 dollars for this thing, and I find it very frustrating! I only had this cell phone for a couple of weeks, and I'm ready to destroy it! I am taking it back this weekend.

bought this for my wife when she droped her other one in the toilet it lasted for quite some time but not long enough

I'm not sure why there are so many people having problems with this phone?I bought this for my husband as a Christmas present and he has had not one single problem with it !The touch screen works just fine and he's been using it EVERY SINGLE DAY since December (2010). His calls are very clear. Much better then with the older AT&T; GoPhone he had. The pictures are decent for a 2 MP camera. No problems with texting either.He used his regular contract AT&T; Sim card with this phone (not the GoPhone Sim card) and it works like a charm.We give this phone 5-stars !

I bought two of these phones in August, 2010 for my husband and myself.  They were offered for $79 each with $50 airtime each, so they were a very good buy.  His was a replacement for an old phone and mine was my first phone. I don't talk much on the phone so I have resisted buying one for years but my husband insisted I get one for emergencies.This phone was a big improvement from my husband's first phone, and I very much enjoyed getting used to the convenience of having a phone.  However, the touchscreen is extremely sensitive.  I strongly suggest using a pencil eraser or the blunt tip of a ballpoint to scroll -- it works much better than using your fingertip.  For my limited use, the phone worked well.  I've taken very clear photos with it and emailed them back to my computer and to others.  I recently bought a micro sd card for the phone so I could upload photos and music to it, but I need to buy a usb data cord so I can attach the phone to my computer which does not have a reader for micro sd's.My husband uses his phone to instant message his racquetball buddies, and he hates the onscreen keyboard.  He wants a better phone with a slide-out keyboard, so we are studying our options for those.  When he retires, we plan to be on the road quite a bit, and I expect I will then need to use my phone more for emails and web browsing, so I will probably be looking into a new one at that time also.Bottom line....if you don't use a phone much and/or are new to cellphones, this one is not a bad choice for the price.  Compared to all cellphones, this one is probably a 3-star.  Compared to others that you could get at a low price, I would rate it higher -- 4 or 4-1/2 stars.

The product arrived on time and in perfect condition!The LG prime is a great phone especially for being my first touchscreen.Definately recommend it for anyone.Phone was a bit smaller than I thought but Its still a great phone.

I've never written any review before, but here is my advice.This is a good LG touch phone at a good price specially $20 cheaper at Amazon.com. I am a regular monthly subscriber . My old sony phone was broken , so I was looking to buy a new phone, but Gophone is a great replacement phone. You can just take out the sim card from the old phone and insert into the new one and you will be able to talk instantly. However, when I called AT&T; , they told me to call them back when I replace the sim card. But I didn't.In general, I like the phone. But don't expect too much. The phone is not like a high quality smart phone. Also I experienced dropped call 3 or 4 times, since I have used it (about  2 months now). Another problem is that I was unable to read any text , pdf, word files. It seems that the function was disabled intentionally. LG Cookie (Previous model) was able to do this.

Due to the potential for blank texts sent to anyone not in the AT&T network I wouldn't recommend buying unless you only deal with people in the AT&T network.  I've spent hours on the phone with tech support and they always point the finger at different carriers.  I've sent texts to sprint and virgin mobile phones and sometimes they go through and other times a blank text shows up.

I don't understand why some people dislike this phone. The fact is, it's an amazing phone for a low price. For $50 a month, you can get unlimited texts and calls. You can use the QWERTY keyboard onscreen or switch it to the keypad view (which has t9). A micro-SD card can be inserted for more room, and there is a headphone jack at the top of the phone. What surprised me was the amount of accessories there were for this phone on Amazon. I've bought three gel cases and a bunch of screen protectors and they've worked amazingly.There's only a few things I don't like:Can't zoom in camera mode (though you can in video mode), but there's editing software on the phone that allows you to zoom so it's not really that much of a pain unless you take a lot of pictures on your phone.Also: you can't send very much data in a multimedia message at once. You can only send 24 second-long videos, and you can only send 600 KB worth of pictures at once. For me, that's 4 photos at the max.But overall, this phone is a great buy. It was a birthday present for me in August. It is now nearing late-December and I still have had no issues with it except for a couple lock-ups that were unexplained. Easily remedied by removing and putting the battery back in.If you buy this phone, chances are you will not be disappointed!

I remain cautiously optimistic with this phone after reading the reviews and purchasing it anyway.  I bought this for my daughter so that she can call during her extra curricular activities before and after school.  It's brought me great peace of mind, so I'll give a summary of how the phone has been doing.Call quality has been great for me, although I've read differently for some here.  I'm guessing that it perhaps may be locale and cell signal that is the root issue for call quality.Touch screen has been working well for about 3 months now (Crosses-fingers, knocks on wood).  This was a huge fear of mine since so many has reported a dead screen after only 3 months of use.  It is the reason I waited to review the phone.Apps are decent for pre-teen, early-teen kids and the elderly.  May not be suitable for adults depending on smartphone capabilities needed.  If you check email, use apps regularly and need wifi to browse consider a different phone.  This phone only runs on the antiquated edge network.Accessories are cheap so that you don't break the bank as well. Phone case and screen cover all for 5 bucks right here on Amazon.FM Radio and MP3, MP4 and video capability.  She loves these features.  I put some shows that she likes to watch for entertainment on the bus or she listens to music.  This is what makes the phone worth it.Smartphone-like features: pictures of contacts can be used, if input properly, for incoming call id.  Lots of freebie websites for things such as the ringtones.  There are Widgets to put on home screen, screen background can be changed, internal camera and video takes decent enough pics and videos for the price.  Text messaging and msg retrieval a breeze, and mobile IM integrated...Technically, this is one of the best phones utilizing older technology.  So long as you didn't get the batch of phones that had failed screens (as I hope a bad batch is the case) you should be fine.

good phone and good price. it does many things you always do its a great music player. also many people ask me it its a smart phone and they they think it was expensive but it wasn't. good price with free shipping.

I got the phone for my boyfriend for christmas. The phone worked for about a month then things went down hill. It would freeze up, then work again so on and so forth. When you are on the phone(voicemail) and when you needed to push a digit it wont work so you couldnt go nowhere in your voicemail. The touch screen itself wouldnt work sometimes. The phone would work then it wont. All in all the phone WAS great then it just DOESNT WORK ANYMORE.

I ordered this phone because I wanted a prepaid phone with better reception and more features than your average prepaid cell phone.  Having tried most all brands of prepaid cell phones(tracfone, net 10, go phone, virgin mobile and straight talk), I wanred a phone that was inexpensive, but worth it's price tag.This is most definately that phone.  I had a go phone a few years ago, so I remembered the reception was excellent and the features were awesome for prepaid service.  That being said, I now want to review the phone itself....Like I said above, I bought this phone because I wanted a good prepaid phone with good features and reception.  However, another aspect that intrigued me about this model was it's one of the few prepaid smartphones avalible.  And, with the airtime credit you receive, you're only paying $30 for the smartphone(which is an insanely unbelievable price for a smartphone).  Being a first time smartphone user, I wondered how well I could adapt to it.After having it a day now, it is really simple to adapt to, and is well worth the price.  Most of the set up to this phone is identical to other go phones, so the only difference is using the touch to navigate the menu.  I'm really pleased with this phone.  And the shipping was phenominal.  The promotional offers on this phone gave me free two day shipping.  It arrived two days earlier than estimated(which would have been four days).All in all, if you are looking for a prepaid phone that is inexpensive and want a smartphone, this model is exactly the phone you should order...*UPDATE*DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!  IT WAS GREAT UNTIL THE AUTOMATIC TEXTS KEPT EATING THE MONEY ON THE PHONE.  SO, UNLESS YOU WANNA WASTE TIME AND MONEY(ALOT OF IT), BUY A DIFFERENT PREPAID PHONE...

LG Prime is go simple touchscreen phone.  It is really simple to use. I have ATT and simply switch out sim cards and I was good to go.  I did not get the 50 credit for some reason.  I am not sweat to much I use my amazon cards I got from swagbucks.I have not use the text function.  I don't have text on the phoneProssimple to useRadio is good.Good loud ring tonesMp3 player works greatCan install free apps and games for javaGood battery life.  I can get couple days out with heavy use of the web.Can use Google maps for free if have data planConsBrowser is awful.  I had to install opera mini 4 to be able to get full websites.  That problem was solve.Hard to figure out put contacts in the phone.  I still trying to figure out pull my contacts from my sim card.Touchscreen drives me crazy is hard to use.  But it is my first touchscreen I will get better with practice.Overall I love my new phone.  It easy to use and does what I want to.  without the 20 data plan ATT want have for a update phone.Amazon ships fast to.

The touchscreen is to small to use. The keypad is small and awkward. I paid the extra money and just bought a really nice phone. I'll be putting this one in the box.

I should just start by saying this phone is "okay". My sister gave me this phone a while ago, after she had it for a very long time. It actually isn't a bad phone, especially since it's been used so much and still works fine! BUT I do have some complaints. The text messages aren't shown in order, but that's not really a big deal. It is quite annoying though. And sometimes, it opens up Social Net. without me even touching it, which ends up eating almost all of my money, unless I catch it in time and stop it. And the touchscreen feedback stops working after a while while texting. This could be because of how old it is, but my brother has the same problems, he's only had it for 3 months! The screen is very foggy, and the battery cover is really sucky. And one more thing, the camera! It is seriously the worst camera ever! And don't try editing pictures a lot, or else when you go back to the pictures, they all dissappear!Pros:Lasts a long time.Screen locks while talking on the phone (but you can still end the call while the screen is locked!) :)The music player works pretty well.Cons:Battery Life.Battery cover.Screen.Syncing is almost impossible!Camera sucks.Goes to things you don't tell it to.Texts don't go through most of the time.Deletes all of your files.

I thot this phone was awesome....and it was for the first few months that I had it...then the touchscreen decided to stop working -__-so now it's completely useless :(

It has only been a few weeks since I got the phone (about 4 or 5).  So far, I loooove the phone.  I love the home screen including the things you get to stick on your home screen which is very handy especially the time.  Also I have read all the other reviews and the thing they hate the most is that it locks, but you can turn the locking of in the options.  But the locking is pretty hand because my chin might touch my phone when calling, so with the lock on, nothing happens but with the locking of, something might start.Overall I like the phone but I am waiting for my mini sd card because the space on the phone is only 4 mb.  With the card I can add videos and all other stuff.  Also all the free games from att are demos but from an another website, you can get full free games.  the website is [...].  So games are another thing I will be adding to my phone once I get the sd card.  Then I will write more.

This Phone Works Very Well, No Contract, Pay A Year In Advance No Monthly Payments Good Service That Is Why I Gave It Five Stars

I had purchased this phone for my wife. I wanted her to have a phone in case she needed one. The phone gets great signal where ever we are. AT&T offers alot of coverage. This phone offers alot. For the price Amazon offers for this deal, you can not go wrong. I liked the phone so much that I purchased one for me also. We would recommend this phone to anyone. I would like to THANK AMAZON for what they do for us to offer everyone out there a GREAT DEAL!! THANKS AMAZON!! Roger and Lynn

I SEARCHED HIGH AND LOW FOR A GOOD DEAL ON THIS PHONE FOR MY BOYFRIEND FOR CHRISTMAS. HE LOVED IT! THE TOUCH SCREEN IS AWESOME AND SO ARE ALL THE DRAGGING FEATURES AND STUFF! THE PRODUCT ARRIVED CLEAN WITHOUT ANY DEFECTS, WHICH I DID NOT EXPECT, SINCE I ONLY PAID $70 COMPARED TO $150 ON AT&T.COM;! I WILL DEFINITELY BE COMING BACK FOR MY CELL PHONE PURCHASES!LINDSEY

Just got my phone. The internet says and amazon say $2 per day only when used. The package says $3 per day. I called one service number after another to find out what the actual price was and was told it was $3 per day plus 10 per minute!!!!I returned the phone!!!

Its a smart go phone!I love it!The price can't be beat either.It may not be a droid but its smart enough for the needs of a go phone person.Big screen is easy to see.The LG Prime has alot of accesories available for it,as well as aftermarket support,silicone skins,cases,ect.Easy to learn how to use not to complicated.The touch screen just beats the old key pad hands down!This phone is just plain fun to use and I discover new things it can do everyday.Moneywise I think it is the greatest value for the $ that money can buy!If you have been thinking about trying one don't wait any longer go for it you won't be sorry.I don't miss my old razor I finally gave up on.It is AAA+++,homerun in phones for the go phone network!And its cheap to buy but the phone is good quality!LG=Lifes Good and this LG Prime phone just makes it better!

I bought the LG Prime about a month ago and it has been working pretty well for me. However, I am a heavy texter, and the touch screen keyboard is not very responsive. In other words, I would have to hit the same key a couple times before it would actually display the letter I was pushing.Also, my phone broke when I sat on it on a soft surface, and I am not heavy. The screen cracked on the inside and half of the screen went black and the other half has colored lines running through it. So, would I recommend this phone? Yes, but treat it like a newborn baby and make sure to text slowly so you can make sure to type in each key individually.

I have been using this phone for past 4 months, and not satisfied.The voice quality was not good, and signal reception was the worst part.Once the cell phone looses the signal (though signal indicator is displaying 3 bars), I cannot make or receive calls.I have to restart the phone in order to make or receive calls.I am not sure if this happens because of AT&T; network, or the cell phone, but together they dont make a good combination for sure.I would say its not worth spending this much money for this phone.Better look for other options.

I got sick and tired of paying high monthly costs for my iPhone and then Samsung Solstice, so I ditched the contracts and am now using a prepaid GoPhone. I was dismayed however by the sad selection of phones, most of which appeared to be relics of a time long ago. The LG Prime has modern styling and a big touch screen, not to mention it's a candy bar phone which is a must-have for me as I don't like flip phones or slider phones. Calls are clear, menus are intuitive and the spearkerphone is loud. The touch screen on the Prime is good but not even close to the iPhone; it's not as smooth and requires more pressure.The annoying thing about this phone is that when a call comes in, the screen locks almost immediately and you can't answer the call using the touch screen. Instead, you have to press the physical send button. The screen should lock only AFTER you have accepted the call, like the iPhone.I would give this phone 5 stars but I'm removing one because of the locking problem.

I have had two of these phones in less than a year.  Both phones had the same problem.  After a few months the touch pad begins to malfunction and eventually stops working altogether.  Invest in a better quality phone.  You will save money in the long run.

proseasy to hear callsloud sound on FM RadioRings loud or vibrates and can feel the phone when vibratesEasy to useConslocks if you do not use it even when calling it locksI so far like this phone as a go phone it nice looking, easy to use, and sound quality is great.

i bought this phone, if you can call it that, about a month-month and a half ago. i have had nothing but nightmares with this "phone". 1st, it's the first phone i have had with sim card. this card was locked out several times, which means, u can't do anything with phone. i called and talked to so many people, about how to fix. got different answers from everyone.it was finally decided to: remove back panel, battery, and sim card. then wrap phone and ship to texas for refurbishing, then would be shipped back to me. WHY should a NEW phone have to go thru this? WHY should a customer have to go thru this? do research on phones before buying. better yet, go to retail store, where u can ask questions and then decided. maybe, it was just bad experience for me, may be better for some one else, who knows. good luck

I've had this phone for about a month and a half now and the only problem I have is it freezes up REALLY bad and the touchscreen is often slow or has a delayed reaction... If you like to JUST text and talk this phone is perfect for you because that is all it's good for,texting and talking... the radio feature is pretty cool too... My main "beef" is with AT&T.. Their service sucks.... but $2 a day ,what do you expect?

I've had this phone almost a week and I love it. It's easy to use. It's not as big as an iphone. It takes good pics. the screen is bright and clear! Touch screen is awesome. No problems or compliants!

Just got the phone so everything stated here are my first impression.  The phone appears to be designed very well and durable.  How durable it is in the long run will remain to be seen.  If I don't update this post it means it's still running strong.  This phone has a very pleasant screen interface with more features you can shake a stick at.  I love the loud speaker since I am hard of hearing and for this reason this phone stands out head and shoulder among the too many mediocre speakers.  So if you are looking for a "phone" for intended purpose as opposed to all the gimmicked, over priced cell phone this phone is for you.  Oh, almost forgot.  To my pleasant surprise just as stated AT&T credited my account with additional $50 of air time just for turning on the phone it immediately registered for credits.

No wifi and you can not instal you own apps. For people who need either of those this is a no go..

I really like this phone.  I purchased it as a foreign traveler who spends a lot of time in the US, to replace my old cheap Nokia GoPhone.  I regularly use an iPhone (no dual SIM ability, else I wouldn't need a second phone) so it's a difficult comparison, but I'll try.  The menu system is intuitive (would work well for a middle school aged child) but the menu is really slow to respond...often I'll hit a key and wait more than a second or two before the phone reacts.  The battery life is great, and the price is right...so I really don't think you can lose.  {Go with theLG Neon GT365 Prepaid GoPhone (AT&T;) with $50 Airtime Creditif you're needing an actual physical keyboard, or the slow response of the touch screen is going to bug you, though...}

I like the sound quality of the phone and the ease of making the ring and volume loud or soft.The battery life is good and I have had no sim problems. What I dislike about the phone, however, is the continued locking when you are on a call. Trying to deal with a menu selection is very difficult as you have to constantly keep unlocking it. If you receive a second call while you are on the phone, you cannot see who is calling you because the screen keeps locking up. The phone would be very good if they could fix the locking issue.

I read several negative reviews about this phone but decided to buy it any way. Had it about a month now so it may be too soon to say but so far I've had no problems with it whatsoever.It may not have all the bells and whistles of a smart phone but still it has some really neat features..all the features I need anyway. The camera takes decent pictures and you can edit them(brightness,contrast,etc.)on the touch screen to make them look better. It has a slot for a micro SD card and you can transfer photos and music from your pc using a USB cable. You have to buy an SD card and USB cable of course. You can buy an SD card from just about any store and I ordered a USB cable for this phone from Amazon. Overall I'd say its a really nice phone and only time will tell but so far I've been happy with it.

The phone is working just fine. Unfortunately the $15 airtime credit has not appeared on my account although I received a message that it was being credited so i am unhappy about that.

I'm amazed at the negative reviews.  Mine worked immediately and has given me hours of good service.  I like the GPS feature and the nice readout.  The $50 airtime credit is a nice perk.

I purchased this cell phone for my daughter.  Once my mother saw it, she also purchased the same phone along with the guard and the screen protectors.  Amazon.com has everything I need at a lower price than anywhere else I have shopped at and the quality of the products are great.  I would recommend everyone to use Amazon.com for all your shopping needs.  Its also very convenient to shop from your own home.

got this phone as a trial to see if my wife would like a touch screen iphone before investing in a iphone. found it was not as reviewed before. I have a EVO droid for work and it is nothing like it. Touch screen is very slow and hard to manuver around the different menu screens. It is light weight and has a ok camera at 2.0 MP but its not any better than a cheap samsung flip phone. Would be a good phone for a pre-teen but not a great adult phone.Also my sons go phone card did not work in this phone and I did not get the $50.00 credit so not happy with this deal at all.

This phone is a piece of junk. I got it of of amazon and a couple months later it wasnt working, if i was sending a text i would press a and it would put the letter h on the screen. i decided to take it to the at&t store to trade it in for a new one than after a few months it had the same problem. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE,ITS A PIECE OF JUNK!

When I bought this phone, I bought it despite reading reviews that the screen just stopped working after 3-6 months. Sure enough, 5 months in, my screen just stopped working. I can receive calls and texts but cannot touch the screen anymore. It happened out of nowhere. I'll admit that I had dropped my phone a few times (who hasn't?) but the phone would still work fine until one day it was sitting on my bed, I picked it up, and now I can't use it anymore. I had a back up phone but it still upsets me that the phone just stopped working out of nowhere. Google this problem with this phone and you'll see that it happens quite a lot, to most people to use it.Also, the screen can scratch very easily... I learned that the first day I got the phone, so get a screen protector.

This is a very good phone for the money.  I use the SanDisc memory card and MP3 player a lot.....more than the phone. I would recommend it.

I received my LG Prime Go Phone yesterday,it is a neat little phone for a Go phone. As a lot of Go Phones  either look cheap or are cheap, but the LG prime stands out from the rest. At first I was not sure if I should get the LG Neon as it had the  touch screen & key pad and  a lot of reviews from both contract cell phone users and go phone users. But Then I Decided on the LG Prime because it had the larger touch screen, it is newer & looked a little nicer, and of the people who did review it, liked it.Like other people have said, it is a basic touch phone, but still has good features.What I don't like about it is the Go Phone service. I activated it with the  "Simple Plan, 25cents per minute" and had the understanding I would get the $50 airtime credit. Well , so far the credits have not automatically showed up yet a day later :(.  I have read other sites were some people had airtime credit problems also, & customer service was not much help about it. I emailed Amazon about it, maybe they didn't scan the bar code on the package like they are supposed to or something, I don't know?

When first purchasing this phone it seemed like a good investment as my first touch screen phone.  After about a week of use it was clear this phone was not all I thought it would be.  For general use it seemed fine and it was very easy to get the hang of, for apps and ringtones it was very limited to what was availible such as an app for yahoo cost more than it probably should have.  One giant flaw that should be noted with purchasing this phone is that when sending text messages is that texts don't always get recieved on the other end. After multiple times of trying to text friends it was clear that only very short messages would go through anything that was too long would just never be recieved or only parts of it would go through.  I tried to contact at&t to see if I could replace the phone and after talking with an at&t representative at the mall it seemed it wasn't a problem with the network but just problem with that partiicular kind of phone and that many people with the same phone complained of having the same problem.  I had to return it and ended up with an android.  For anyone contemplating on buying this phone definately give it a second thought and do your research.

This phone is a nightmare, and I am stuck with this until I save enough money to get a much better phone and get away from AT&T; altogether.I am on my SECOND LG Prime phone and ALL of the exact same problems have arisen.Half the time my texts arrive to the recipient blank, the rest of the time in fragments of TEN, and none of them in correct reading order! So in other words, if you type more than a few words, the text arrives in several fragments and not in the order you typed!OH...there's more. When texting, you have to turn on spell check every single text! Sometimes even a few times PER text! It does not stay on or do it automatically. That is extremely inconvenient and annoying.The phone also locks immediately, no matter how many times you set it to "every 45 seconds" or OFF completely. In other words...you can't control the locking. Period.  It is very, very annoying to have to unlock it every few SECONDS.The camera is terrible. Grainy, dark, etc. It is hardly worth using unless you are in absolutely perfect daylight.You have to click over to answer a call waiting, and when you do, it often disconnects both parties. Not good. As well, the other party can hear the beep of any call or text you receive, which is not good if someone is calling or texting obsessively while you are on the phone.You have to SET the phone to where your voicemail will give you the time and date of the call! Who on earth would ever choose not to get a time and date when they retrieve their messages?  Why must we use a setting for this?After I returned the first LG Prime and got a new one, ALL of these same problems arose.  If you are unfortunate enough to be with AT&T;, because you are not in a  million dollar a month contract with them...they send you to a DIFFERENT tech support. It is CLEARLY in the Philippines and with all due respect, they don't appear to know ANYTHING about these phones, what-so-ever!They CANNOT fix the issues I mentioned. LG Prime themselves play dumb and try to blame it on AT&T.; AT&T; blames it on LG Prime. So we get nowhere. I am stuck with this thing. I'd like to add...NO ONE I know has this phone or has even heard of it. I got it after I lost two horribly expensive iPhones (which I loved). I mistakenly, VERY mistakenly, thought this was "the next best thing."  IN NO WAY SHAPE OR FORM is this similar to the iPhone.The good points? It's small and makes calls. Other than that, it is totally useless. In all truth, they had no business releasing this thing to the public.UPATE:  March 16th. Phone is still terrible and all problems remain. NO ONE at AT&T; or LG Prime would take any responsibility for the issues with EITHER of the LG Primes I bought (the original or replacement). So nothing was ever accomplished. I love these new oh-so-happy reviews! I'd love to hear from them all a few months down the line!  This is a bad phone by default. Now that work has picked up for me again, I am going to take a hammer to this phone in the alley. I will leave AT&T; (along with everyone else) and get a Droid phone and accept the $99 or so a month. After experiencing this phone, I am willing to accept a contract after all.

It works just fine for my needs, i just wanted a cell phone in case of an emergency while i was away from home.Thanks,Elaine

Overall I think this is a very solid phone.  Keep in mind I have never owned an iPhone or Droid based phone.  I do have a Windows Mobile phone that's a couple of years old.Voice quality seems very good from the calls I've made in my suburban area.  Callers have said they can hear me well, and I can hear them very well.  Texting also seems to work well.  It takes a little getting used to the touch screen keyboard, but after the learning curve I've found I can type fairly rapidly.  I also like the "conversation" presentation of your text messages.The camera seems to be what you would expect from a 2.0 megapixel camera, not great, but not that bad either.  The video camera also seems decent enough for internet clips, but I wouldn't use it for archival footage.The music player generally works well, but can be a bit slow.  I have an eight gigabyte micro SD card with around four gigs of mp3s on it.  The music player only seems slow on start up, taking as much as 20 seconds to load the application.  I think this is probably due to the speed of the phone's processor and the amount of music on my card.  It's not an iPod, but it seems to do the job of playing music just fine once the player loads.One caveat about the music player is that it does not support songs downloaded from iTunes.  So any files you've purchased off iTunes will not work on this phone's music player.  I believe the description on Amazon and also on AT&T; said that it could play AAC, but when I've tried to play them on the phone it says it is an "unsupported file type."The phone is fairly small and very light.  It fits easily into your pocket and doesn't take up excessive pocket space.  I don't know how durable the touch screen is.  I've had it for a few weeks and it has a few scratches already.  I'm hesitant to get a protective screen because it might degrade the touch screen sensitivity.For effectively $30 ($80 less $50 airtime credit), you get a good phone with a music player, FM radio, and some good organizer functions.  It doesn't have a lot of wiz bang functions, but more than enough to justify the $30.

The cell phone came in a timely manner and a quick trip to my local AT&T; store got it up and running.Also it cost $20 less than buying the same phone at the AT&T; store.The phone is perfect for my needs as a casual phone user and gives me a readily available camera that is easy to use.I added a memory card to store my photos for download to my computer.

I received this product about a week ago. Keep in mind that I am a technological idiot, but this phone was so easy to set up and use. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone.

I purchased 2 of these phones. One for myself, one for my daughter. I read all the reviews, everything looked great. We both wanted to try touchscreens. Both worked great for about a month. Mine started going downhill QUICK. I cant keep a charge. I charge it overnight, after I unplug it, I lose a bar. My daugher uses her phone a lot-texting, radio, music.. She keeps a charge for probably 2 days before she loses a bar. I'm jelous, I cant keep it charged for a day. I cant even THINK of listening to the radio or music player. I just started carrying my charger with me.. My "lock" feature seems to work ONLY during an automated call, when I need to press "1" or "2" or enter my account number.. I cant get it to UNLOCK for the life of me! BUT.. When I lock it and put it in my purse, it unlocks, bumps something in my purse and calls people at will. Left my daughter a 10 minute voicemail, from my purse. I'm talented. Oh my gosh, it freezes up..Often.WAY TOO often. Ok. The last phone I had was a Samsung Gravity. Lasted me 2 + years. Absolutely NO complaints.. I just wanted a touchscreen. I gave my old phone away.. I regret doing that. I'm on the hunt for a new phone, i'm doing my homework first..If like to take chances, go for it! For $69 and change, it's worth a try, maybe YOU will be lucky! = )

This should just be a phone and nothing else. It's look is like a smartphone, but it sure doesn't function like one.

I was on a budget, but wanted a nicer phone. I chose this thing. I'm not sure why. If you're looking for features such as customizing, a good web browser, and sturdy feel, look somewhere else. First, this phone is cheap. The back is a very thin grayish silver plastic. It's very flimsy and it looks very out of place compared to the front of the phone. I had to buy a silicone cover to conceal it. Also, service is not what it should be. I've used AT&T; for a while, and on different phones. This phone got little to no service at my house while the other 3 phones I've had got good service. In fact, I never got great service anywhere with this phone, even in bigger, more populated areas. As far as the touch screen goes, it definitely lags. It's not very touch responsive at all. That definitely makes using the virtual keyboard a challenge. The keys are also quite small, so that can cause problems. I hated texting on it. One small issue I noticed was typing a smiley face of apostrophe in a text. If the keyboard was horizontal, typing either :) or ' would cause the text to be completely blank to whoever you sent it to. Random, but just thought I'd throw that out there.Bottom line, AT&T; now has a better selection of touch screen phones. You may pay a little more, but it's worth the money. I ended up selling this phone on Craigslist just a few weeks after I bought it.

If you don't use with ear piece you will never have a complete conversation.The phone always hang up the call after you say a few words.

All around it is a good phone. The only prblem I had with it, I could not access my mobile bank account.

good model of a good cell phone maker. held its resale value...

It's no iPhone but would make the Virgin packages the absolutly best deal in portable communication!

......for someone who has never owned a `touch screen' phone. This is a veritable bargain at $99.99 or less, and I couldn't resist getting it to initiate GSM service with AT&T.; I liken going from a conventional flip phone to this touch screen to putting someone in a stick shift car that's driven an automatic for the last 40 years.  The  munchkin sized owner's manual is the worst I've ever had the misfortune to try to use. No meaningful index, very vague tutorial on features, pictured icons (in the manual) so small as to be illegible. Sadly, there isn't (yet?) an online manual which one may print out..Still....I think I'm going to really like this phone. (naww[...] update) FM radio with or without a wired headset, very good volume in ALL functions including speakerphone, a whole bevy of  intriguing  foo-foo  features.  Bluetooth wireless headset stereo capability on music IN the phone, FM radio wired headset only (or no headset)..I was able to assign this phone to the standard AT&T; minutes plan rather than their prepaid "GO" plan. Strangely, about half of the AT&T; and independent stores said it HAD to be a "prepaid GO phone", half had no problem using it with a conventional plan and SIM card. Happy days! A conventional plan, month-to-month WITHOUT a contract. I'm thrilled..I'll shoulder most of the blame for the problems I'm having with the touch screen.  I don't think it's the most user-friendly touch screen (particularly compared to my GPS units), but I'm learning..This LG Prime LGS390 phone has (at least initially) had the most favorable feedback from users of ANY cell phone. IMHO it benefits in quality from being made in Korea (LG is Korean) rather than China. Just an opinion..I find it interesting that LG initially stood for "Lucky Goldstar" for years. Now it's either "Lets Go" or "Life's Good".  Sounds more `Western', I guess..A good phone.  Go for it.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>ADDENDA: A few disappointing qualities have arisen since my initial report. This phone WILL NOT work with a (blue tooth) "X Link". THIS IS A BIG ISSUE FOR ME!!  First phone EVER that wouldn't.  X Link even has a downloadable  "LG patch" to correct problems. This with the latest X Link software is of no use.  In addition, the voice recognition is very poor, and takes three operations to access that function. Also, there is apparently no way of enabling any audio notification of messages received and waiting. (At least as far as I'm able to discern with the nearly worthless owner's manual)  Some silliness from the owner's manual pages 98 & 99:"Hold the phone as you would any phone with the antenna pointed up and over your shoulder." ..."Do not touch the antenna unnecessarily when the phone is in use". Gee! I was shorted the aforementioned "antenna".My wife absolutely hates this phone. All the `bling bling' features (FM Radio, etc.) don't get it with her. I am forced to get her a conventional flip phone. This is NOT a user friendly device for placing  phone calls QUICKLY without an error every fourth time or so.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>ADDENDA II: 8-29-10  I had to throw in the towel on these phones. Squeeked by on the 28th day of my 30 day 'satisfaction guarantee' and sold 'em back to AT&T.; It is absolutely ESSENTIAL that my Intellitouch X Link be operational. My wife was about to throw hers over the fence into the neighbor's swimming pool. I am now using two bare-bones Nokia 2720. And I REALLY mean bare bones. The bluetooth connectivity is fantastic! They're either $7.99 -referb. or $9.99 brand new from AT&T.; Just like finding them! No micro-sd capabilities, very limited internal memory. These'll do while I regain my sanity and move on to something similar but a little more 'feature rich'. $9.99 for a brand new phone? Try to beat that!

I'm not a telephone addict.  Just needed a new phone after my old flip phone started sounding bad during calls.  Did a lot of research so there were no surprises.  As had been indicated in other reviews the resistive touch screen needs some getting used to especially if you have experience with touch screens on Mac products.  The menu system is fairly intuitive.  I only occasionally have to say "what do I do now" which is better than most phones I've used.  I really like having a slim phone that is easy to carry in your pocket.  Bottom line for this review is that I am really glad I bought the LG Prime.  I always try to balance need, usability & price and this phone is a perfect fit for me.

Phone is ok for the price, has a few irksome glitches and the $50 rebate is only available if you are a customer of AT&T for over 4 months. There is no mention of this in any of the sales information. Buyer beware of sales incentives without checking them out first.

I paid $100 for this lousy phone at an ATT store in Austin, Texas in January, 2011.  I wish I had read the reviews first, but I got suckered at the store, thinking how nice it would be to have a "smart" phone instead of my old flip-phone (which I really miss now).My LG "Prime" phone has all the same problems mentioned by others, PLUS if you are calling a company that asks you to press a number (say, #1 for English), it doesn't matter how many times or how hard you press that number, it just doesn't go through, so the call is impossible to continue.It's the worst phone I've ever had and now I'm in a quandary as to how long I should keep it before giving up.  I think ATT told LG "give us the worst phone you've got.  We want to discourage people from having GoPhones so they'll get ripped off even more with one of our monthly plans."My son says these are the phones drug dealers use once, then break in half and throw into a body of water, like the ocean, or even a glass of water.  Good riddance!

I DO LIKE THIS PHONE BUT WAS SUPPOSE TO COME WITH 50 FREE AIRTIME. UPON TRYING TO GET THIS IT DID NOT WORK. WE CONTACTED ATT WHO STATED TO CONTACT THE SELLER. WE DID ONLY TO RECEIVE AN ARROGANT ANSWER IMPLYING I WAS MAKING THIS UP. REFUSED TO HELP AND ALTHO I DID NOT WANT A REFUND JUST THE FREE MINUTES THEY ASSUMED I WAS OUT TO GET SOMETHING OF WHICH I WAS NOT. THEY WERE RUDE AND ARROGANT AND I DID NOT APPRECIATE WHAT THEY IMPLIED AS IF THEY WOULD HAVE HAD THE WHOLE STORY I WOULD HAVE HOPED THEY WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN SO RUDE. SO FROM HERE OUT WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THEMBUT LOOK FOR SIMILAR ITEMS NEEDED WITH OTHER SELLERS. PEOPLE ARE JUST RUDE ANYMORE AND NOT AS HELPFUL AS THEY USE TO BE. SOME CUSTOMER SERVICE!! JUST NOTICED IT NOW STATES 15 FREE AIRTIME. NOW THEY HAVE CUT IT FROM 50!

I have an issue with the phone that every once in a while, my touch screen goes kinda wonky. i'll TRY to press the menu button but what ends up popping up is the address book, or the recent calls. then i'll try to text and it won't let me touch anything on the right side! it's a little irritating because since it is only  touch screen with no keyboard or other buttons i can't get around the issue. i'll shut it off for a while and usually that'll do the trick, but recently i think my phone has decided to not do that anymore sooooooo.....when it was working before i absolutely loved it! before those issues i never had a problem with it and it served its purpose well. the camera on it works very well and i like that you can edit your pics right no the phone, that's really nifty. i've only had the phone three months though and its already playing these games so i'm not very thrilled. i think once i can fix this problem though i would have no complaints about it. sorry, had to rant a bit since this was $80 out of my pocket...

I had a Sony Ericsson w508i (Jungle Green) for 3 years. It was a great phone, but it was time for a replacement. The LG Prime is a pretty cool phone considering it's less than $100 and is a touch screen. I put in an 8GB memory card for music, pictures, etc; but sometimes the phone freezes/takes FOREVER to retrieve data and play music/view pictures. As much as I like the touch screen function, I think I would rather have bought a new Sony Ericsson. Also, I would recommend buying a silicone case and screen protector(s).

I love this phone.  It gives me all the features and functions of an expensive contract phone.  I love the touch screen and it's sleek design.  Best phone I ever owned.  The call quality is excellent, easy send and receive texting and takes decent pictures too.

I received this phone yesterday.  I charged the battery and put in my old sim card.  It works!!!  I have yet to get the $50 credit but I am hopeful.

LOVE the screen.  I have gotten scratches in it, long ones, deep ones (that's why I bought screen protectors) and still it worked and all.  I had a little problem with a voice ringing thing I couldn't turn off (it was really annoying to have someone text me and instead of ringing, having my phone saying "Message from [whoever]", and I finally figured out that it was in the voice command area).  By the way, the voice command is really cool.  The camera is really good for a phone camera (2 Mega pixels) and the video camera makes a noise when it starts so that you don't accidentaly hit the start button without meaning to.  The batteries don't last forever, but they recharge within an hour to two hours, much quicker than my old phone.  I would recommend this to everyone out there looking for a phone.  BE SURE TO BUY SCREEN PROTECTORS JUST TO BE ON THE SAFE SIDE and then enjoy.

There a few prepaid phone users out there, and I'm one of them. To be more exact, I'm a big GoPhone user, which is a prepaid service from AT&T.; Now, if you're a prepaid user you may know that the phones available are definitely not as cool as like, the iPhone or something. And if you really wanted to get something that cool, you'd have to dish out the full price of the phone, which could be up to 600 bucks! Yeouch! So needless to say, when I found the LG Prime available for GhPhone, it was pretty exciting! Soooo I bought it!The phone looks good, feels good. The operating system is good enough to like, trust me. The volume is really loud which is good! All your texts are in conversations too, which is really handy! The picture/camera quality is verrry lovely! The browser functions fairly well for a non 3G phone. The only small problem that bothered me is the fact that I couldn't assign full pictures to my contacts ID information. It was kinda annoying...Now for the BIG problem that eventually led me to sending it back was the fact that the phone had SERIOUS problems sending text messages!! It could receive them, but not send them well. It got really really frusrating, esepcially since I text A LOT. Now, I'm not saying that mine particularly was defective, I'm just saying that a handfull of these phones that don't work well are out there, I've even seen another review on the phone on AT&T;'s website.So buy your own risk if you're really interested.

I purchased this phone to replace my phone that wasn't working well since my contract with AT&T; wasn't up yet. Installation of the SIM card was easy and that's about all the good I can say about it.I have tested and played with many touch screen phones lately as I was counting down the days until my contract was up. Out of necessity I had to make this quick decision. The layout of the menu is not very user friendly. But the worst part is attempting  to actually use it. I cannot scroll through the contacts without accidentally calling someone. Moving my finger up the screen will scroll sometimes but 'select' another, causing a panic looking for the cancel button. One time it was in my pocket just sitting on the couch and my child's phone rings and it's my phone calling. I looked at my phone and it showed 37 outbound calls within the last minute to their phone.I got rid of it real fast and I would not recommend this phone... to anyone.

The delivery, the free air time, and the SIM:My LG Prime was delivered at a great price, and came a day early - thanks for another great experience from Amazon and their suppliers.  Tracking worked, too.  The LG Prime had a sticker on the back upon delivery telling me to boot up with my old SIM card, and that I could receive the free air time when I did this - worked great for me, but I caution that Amazon, LG, and AT&T; did not know how the phone would be received, or if this was possible - so maybe it changes by area.BEFORE I DID THIS, I backed up my contacts on my old phone to my SIM, then transferred the old SIM to the new phone.  My contacts transferred perfectly, and my phone number was in tact, no problem - fired right up, WITH MY FREE AIR TIME.  Worked nice.AND I DID NOT START MY NEW PHONE WITH THE NEW SIM CARD, SINCE THAT NEW SIM CARD WOULD HAVE A NEW PHONE NUMBER - I ONLY STARTED WITH THE OLD ONE - NOT SURE IF THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN A PROBLEM AS FAR AS THE FREE AIR TIME - I STRONGLY SUSPECT IT COULD BE, BUT MAYBE NOT.  In that event, you should be able to use the new SIM until the credit is gone, and maybe switch back and forth as needed.  TALK TO AT&T; FIRST if you did this by mistake, or for the best advice.The touchscreen:The LG Prime is a good entry level touch screen phone.  Others say the touch screen is not very sensitive, but it is easy for you to get used to it.  If you never had an iPhone, or a highly sensitive 'capacitive' touch screen, you likely will not notice this.  In the past, I had a capacitive touch screen, and it still doesn't bother me.  In the future, when I spend a lot of money for a top-of-the-line smartphone, I will insist on a capacitive touchscreen, or AMOLED - but mostly because I am paying for it.For the price, I have seen touchscreens which are much worse than this one (usually resistive with thin, soft plastic screens), and even require a stylus - not the LG Prime - my fingers work fine, and the screen is glass (or very hard plastic which looks like glass - not 100% sure, seems like glass - I haven't scratched it yet either, but hasn't been very long either - seems like it could be pretty good surface.  Screen protector might make the screen less sensitive, also.If you really want the best touch screens, 'capacitive' and 'AMOLED' touch screens are the best - AMOLED promises to be the best by far, and takes less power because it is LED.  At the time I am writing this, it seems to me that the 'capacitive' touchscreen phones start around 200 bucks, and AMOLED touchscreens 600 bucks.The OS:In the past I had an iPhone 3G, and loved it.  LG Prime does not really compare to that very much - only in some ways.  The power and speed of the phone hardware/connectivity make me feel like I will not fully use the very good Android OS which is installed - mostly just talk and text.  (However, you might be in an area where you are less capable on speed anyway - see below).  Android looks very good to me, but look to other reviews for full web/email functionality of this phone, also.The connection speed:This phone is not terribly slow, but this is not a 3G phone, is not UMTS/HSDPA, and does not have wifi.  If you want high speed data transfer, (with AT&T; or through a wifi), you MIGHT need to go to another phone with better network connectivity, wifi, and/or even a phone with a better processor.  HOWEVER - if you live in an area where 3G, or UMTS/HSDPA, or EDGE/GPRS capabilities are not available anyway (meaning your area is 2G/GSM only), maybe this can work for you since you will likely be slow with any phone.If you don't know about your network, check AT&T; maps for your areas coverage - make sure you click 'voice, data, go phone, 3G' tabs above the map, also:[...]Although I have not fully tested the web/email capability of the LG Prime, I checked the weather with the web browser once - speed was OK, not great - looked at radar maps on weather.com, (2 different maps) - costed me $2.50 to do this - took me 90 seconds or so - in what is a very good AT&T; area, (best AT&T; GSM color on the map linked above).  OK - maybe i had my $1/day charge included in that, but I don't think so.Either way, if your web browsing/emailing everyday, you should get a data plan.  In fact, unlimited data plans might make this worth while for some people, but for me, my laptop will do this faster for now.  In my opinion, if I will attempt to replace my laptop, (or even tether my laptop, which LG Prime will not do), LG Prime won't do it - not very close - whereas the iPhone3G was close - I would often pick up my iPhone3G instead of my laptop - not with the LG Prime, not in my area, not for me.  This also does not speak against the Android OS, only the fact that the phone has lower technology connectivity, and therefore lower speed.  (Near my signal bars, the phone always reads 'E', and this phone will never be able to say '3G' or 'EDGE' the way it is built).If others say they are good with the web/email capability of Android OS - I would say they are right, I'm mostly saying look at this phone's capability versus a better connected/higher processing phone - if it is important to you, or even available to you.USB Cable connectivity:This phone is an LG Prime GS390.  DO NOT BUY A USB CABLE for any other type of phone.  I bought the cable:USB Sync Charging Data Cable for LG Vu CU915 CU920, GT365 Neon, VX10000 VoyagerLG Customer service told me this cable would work on the LG Prime and it did not!  My only other experience with them was OK, but not this bad - hit and miss - like most customer service these days, right?  (LG says it's a new phone and they didn't have the specs at customer service yet - but they said it would work on my first contact with them.  So help me, or buy/send me a cable, right?  Nope, not even after I requested a new cable.)  Then they updated the webite after the mistake with me (next day), to include the LG Prime, (wasn't listed before this) - so you're welcome - but still no cable.  :-)The phone/software speed:The processor/software is very adequate for talk and text - it can slow the screen, but only rarely it seems, and never for a long time - mostly it keeps up and is highly responsive, but not instant.  (I put an 8GB microSD in to store my contacts, photos, etc., also - cost me 15 bucks - probably helps the speed a little).  As far as I know, only most expensive and newest smartphones will respond instantly - seems to be true in my experience and reading.The Apps:For now, AT&T; has an app store, and so does Android - hopefully another reviewer will clear up where the best apps are for the LG on the Android platform.  Hard to say for me, but I will post again if I learn more about this.You can do a google search for the best Android Apps and learn a lot that way, also - depends what you want - I think the options are very good now.LG also states they plan to have apps available in their app store worldwide - the USA Appstore is the last to come on line on the LG website.  USA does not have a date posted for LG to start up the app sales - not that I have found.  Likely, Android and AT&T; have apps covered very well, and you don't need LG, but it might be interesting to see what LG puts forward for their phones.Overall:For the price, the good delivery, the 'seems very good so far' Android OS, the smooth SIM change, being able to transfer my free air time, keeping my contacts, and for a nice looking phone/touchscreen/display, I give 5 stars.  After I shopped, I couldn't find a glass touchscreen phone with this kind of capability at a better price.  And I am very pleased to not be using my entry-level Nokia go phone anymore.  If the price was higher, I would remove a star for the screen locking/unlocking button, and how it functions - but I am used to it already, and who am I to complain about one semantic when the price is so very right.  And if it bothers me later, I will make it better by gently filing the top of the button down so it can't be bumped anymore.  So 5 stars it is.This was a great deal by Amazon at the time I purchased it.  (My local AT&T; store didn't even want to try to match or beat this price, either.)  With all of this, my satisfaction level is very high, but know what you are buying, also.  My review is not negative on the LG Prime, but rather intends to help you understand what you are reviewing/buying.

I had this phone for about 9 months. When i first got it, i was in love!!! the touch screen was great and there was absolutely nothing i hated about it. sadly , a couple of weeks later, the touch screen started acting DUMB. it wud freeze so i would have to turn it off and on again!! annoying. Do Not even think about texting or calling or anything outside in any kinda weather w/ rain, snow, or even just cold. the screen is really sensitive. thats all really that i didnt like, it may seem small, but its NOT. Not when the whole phone relies on the touch screen.

I got this a year back, and at that time it was pretty much the only touchscreen you get from AT&T; without having to sign up for a messaging plan. But now, it is not a good idea to buy this phone because:1. It is not very good2. You can get a touchscreen phone from AT&T; without having to sign up for a messaging plan (you will have to sign up for a 1 or 2 year contract though)So, here's the run down for the phone.The good:1. Cheap, sort of2. Light3. Touchscreen4. Decent battery lifeThe bad:1. Voice quality sucks, quite a bit of white noise. This issue is bad enough for me to advise against buying this phone.2. Touchscreen: "Button press" works ok, but a drag/flick is cumbersome. Sometimes a scroll-list moves too much an sometime it moves too little. I know it is resistive, but it is just not good.3. Touchscreen: Sometimes even the button presses do not work correctly. I use a calling card to make international calls. And if I have to enter a 10 digit number, I invariably get connected to number different from what I dialed4. No proximity sensor. Phone locks the screen after 2 seconds of starting a call. That is ok if you calling a person. It is big pain if you calling an automated number where you have to listen to options and enter responses.5. Interface and apps are not good. E.g. if you are scrolling the contact list and went to names starting with letter "M" and the phone locks because you did not touch it for a while. When you unlock the phone, the phone will not remember that you were at letter "M" and will show the beginning of the contact list. Stopwatch does not have a countdown timer.6. Has gone into "zombie"  mode a few times. Loses signal and does not get it back. Have to reboot the phone for it to reconnect to the network. Sometime it has been a number of hours before I realize that it has lost signal. Another big fail.To summarize, it might have made sense to buy this phone a year ago. But not anymore.

This is my first screen phone.  I'm still getting used to the touch and scroll, still having trouble getting to what I want or not selecting something when I was meaning to scroll.  This is probably true of all screen phones.I like the phone, I don't do a lot of fancy stuff with my phone.  The one thing that was a drawback was difficulty in downloading a ringtone.  I got the mp3 file on the phone, but it wouldn't let me use it for a ringtone.  After some research, I found that this phone can use mp3 files for ringtones only if the file isn't too large or plays too long.  It looks like if it plays for more than 20 seconds, it's a problem.  Once I edited my file down to size, it went right into the ringtone list, and works fine.  If you like to download a lot of different ringtones, this would be a problem for you.It lets you set the font very large - which was my other criteria.  I've done well with the on screen keyboard for texting too.

My last phone was an LG Shine so you can tell I'm not very cellphone savvy. I basically only use my cellphone to make a few calls and occasionally receive a text so I finally got a clue and wised up about canceling my monthly service with AT&T since my contract has been up for over a year now. I was first going to upgrade my phone and sign a new contract, but realized I can potentially save $300-350 a year by choosing GoPhones instead and finding $100 prepaid cards that are good for 1 entire year. One card may be all I need right now on the 10 cents a min plan. I was looking for a new phone with touchscreen that will also double as an mp3 player and video player. This is the perfect phone to transition from a regular phone to a touchscreen phone as it is very simple to use. It also has an FM radio which is a huge bonus. And it uses a regular headphone jack which is another big bonus. I had to use a converter for my old LG Shine and it started malfunctioning very early on. I love the touchscreen keyboard for entering #s and typing texts. I was at first frustrated by how the screen locks so quickly while I was trying to set up my voicemail. I was pressing the screen to unlock it and ended up somehow trying to dial voicemail while on a call with voicemail already so I had to end the call. This happened twice before I started using the unlock button on the side of the phone and found it very easy to use to keep unlocking the screen so I could key in the correct #s for the voicemail. I like that on the 10 cents plan, I can still receive text messages and get charged 20 cents for each message without having to sign up for a $5 or $10 monthly add-on texting plan. I also like that my phone can't seem to connect to the internet since I don't have an add-on monthly data plan. I will not be using the internet on this phone and don't want the charges from accidentally using the internet. I do not like that videos I play don't fill up the entire screen. There are two black bands on the side that results in smaller videos. I do not like that I have to press the menu button to change a video to landscape mode and the video automatically pauses and I need to make it play again. In short, this isn't the best phone for use as a video player, but that's not of extreme importance. I just want to watch videos while I wait for appointments. I found some free games I put onto my phone but probably won't be playing them unless I find one I love. I bought a mirror screen protector and a retractable car charger on Amazon and I also found some great Coach case covers on eBay. I really like this phone a lot so far. If I encounter problems, I will update my review. I just wish I had bought it earlier when the $50 airtime credit was being offered.

I bought this LG Prime for one year. The touch screen function always breaks. This type of phone can only last two to three months and it will break. Touch screen won't work. Since I have warranty for one year. I got a new one every time the old one is broken. I got five broken phones in one year!! same problem, touch screen is malfunctioning. the fifth one just broke, no warranty anyome. But I guess i am glad I can really get a different phone than LG prime now.

This phone worked alright for a while. It's pretty basic and not very appealing. I liked having a touch screen since I couldn't afford a smart phone. The phone itself is pretty small. The battery life is good, even with my constant texting. After about 8 months with this phone, the touch screen just stopped working and wasn't repairable.

i love this phone my mom got me the phone today i love it and you get 150 free ?

Without typing a page long review,this phone is a better alternative to buying a smartphone with a contract or for around $400 with no commitment. All of the features work great and the phone has a good fm radio. It has a 3.5mm jack which works with the standard headphones so you wont have to buy special headphones. The only problem I have ran into is the sometimes short battery life. This phone has more to offer then some contracts. I recommend buying a micro sd card to go with it.Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GB

I use my cell to get phone calls, 95% of the time. Reception and Sound Quality are my two priority's. This phone has let me down in both areas. Could be the network, could be the phone. I just know it don't sound good.Other than that the phone is OK. The touch screen took a while to get used to.I will look at something other than an LG in the future.

Never buy this phone... Battery dies soon, have to charge frequently even if you dont use the phone.Very poor LG service, I had taken this phone to India and LG service center refused to repair this phone as it was bought inUSA. Not worth at all...

The new toy was delivered in less than two days with no taxes or delivery charges. Good on Amazon!Good news is it works, transferred all my contacts as soon as I put in the old SIM card and added the $50 free airtime to my prepaid AT&T; account automatically without losing my $130 in rollover minutes.Bad news is the dam thing is smarter than I am like my Cadillac and my brain hurts!Overall it looks like it is going to be a good one and service from Amazon was excellent!

We got this phone for our 13 year old daughter,  and she loves it! Always finding something new that it does. She hasn't had any complaints..(as of yet) It sounds great while playing music. Takes good pictures, voice is clear while talking. Touch sensitivity is good. overall a good little phone.

Other reviews are thorough, so I'll just focus on certain multimedia features:Video playback is disappointing. I bought a video over AT&T;'s app store to try it out. I don't have a data plan, and the total cost to browse for a video and download it was over $12 (for a one-minute video)! That's why they are so generous with the $50 air-time credit! The video had terrible resolution, and took several minutes to download. Downloading video was a complete waste of time and money.Having an external micro-SD card slot is great, but again, loading videos to play on it is a bit of work (SD card sold separately). First, you have to convert your WMV or MP4 videos to the 3GP format. This will turn good quality videos into  small thumbnail type videos on your LG Prime, since native 3GP resolution is only 176x144. Viewing in landscape mode enlarges the screen, but makes the video somewhat blotchy and grainy. With the latest RealPlayer (free version), you can download YouTube videos and easily convert them into 3GP format with okay stereo sound. The results are watchable, but far short of my Apple Classic iPod video player (320x240).The MP3 music player has good stereo sound quality, with predefined equalizer settings you can choose. Noticeably lacks Dolby noise reduction, however.The MediaNet web-browser is very limited, and seemed the same as in my old flip-phone, but the larger screen is nice. Landscape mode a plus, but a little harder to navigate. Don't load full HTML sites, the data charges will eat you up! Stick to slimmed down mobile sites. Also, no Wi-Fi for free internet surfing.Best feature to me is the high quality display of picture files, which you can load from your micro-SD card, with a nice zoom function.Separate email app costs $5/month to use, but you can avoid this by accessing email through the web via MediaNet for AT&T;/Yahoo! email accounts, or if your account has mobile web access such as Earthlink's mobile webmail.

I really like this phone. After accidentally knocking my 2 yr. contract phone off the counter and into the dog's water bowl, I needed to replace it. I tried out and returned a few phones and finally came across this phone. This is my first touch screen phone. It takes getting used to and practice, to learn to scroll. I purchased a 4GB micro sd card with the sd adapter and usb card reader which was less than $20 (there is no need for a usb cable or computer software, your memory card shows up as a removable drive after you click on computer). You gently pop the memory card out of the phone and put it in the usb reader and can download movies, wallpapers, photos and games to the card. I currently have around 8 games, 175 mp3 music files, 30 resized photos, several photo mp4 movies and 10 full length mp4 movies on the card. I still have over 1GB of free space left on my memory card. The phone works well for me, I've have had it for around a year, and it's still working as well as new. The sound quality is loud & crisp. I have never had a problem hearing others or them hearing me. Great signal strength and easy to use menus. You can set the phone to "lock" in 1 minute of no use. No problem when on a call, just press the side unlock button every once in a while and it works great, not sure why others found this problematic. The bluetooth pairs up very nicely with garmin gps products, I use it with the garmin 1390-lmt. My favorite things about this phone are the bluetooth, screen size, call clarity, and volume. This is my "all in one" phone and multimedia player. IMHO, this is a great light weight phone with plenty of useful features.

Purchased in November of 2010 and it's still going strong today. I would say that is a testimony to the durability of it. Have only replaced the battery for the first time recently.

I recieved my package with my phone in it a day earlier than I was expecting it to arrive. The product seemed to be fine when I first opened the box and nothing was damaged. I opened up the phone got it all set up and I am very happy with my purchase. If I ever want to buy something in the future I will definitely look on Amazon.com first.

This is far superior to most prepaid phones.  Easy to use, many features, especially for the price.  The phone has voice command, multiple ringtones, camera, FM radio, alarm clock, unit converter, world clock, tip calculator,  calendar, notepad, stopwatch and more.  I highly recommend it.

My husband and I both got the LG prime phone, he hated his and gave it away and mine has frozen so many times I am getting a new phone. I am a home health nurse and need a reliable phone to use for work. It can be a life or death situation for me and my phone needs to work. I am going to walmart to buy a ten dollar gophone to use until I can get a better phone. I am so disappointed in at&t and amazon for selling this phone. LG should be ashamed of itself.

Phone works great if you are using it for talking but it is a mess if you want to text. Not only is the screen a resistance touch screen, but you also have to constantly recalibrate it. Even after numerous re-calibrations it is still almost impossible to type a text message without getting an error in every word. It may look cool at first because it has a touch screen, but if you want a gophone with a qwerty keyboard I'd recommend you take a look at one that has an actual keypad.

This phone is pretty vanilla. I've had problems transferring photos to my computer via bluetooth. Some pics will send, some won't. I suppose the phone decides this for me. The screen response can be a bit tedious, i.e. when wanting to scroll through a contact list, it may simply initiate a call. Nothing to brag about.

Maybe its just me, but this phone sucks! I've had mine for awhile now, but wish I had of gone with almost anybody else. AT&T service sucks badly. If you want to get on the net, you better have deep pockets. They charge more then any other company I know of. I did however drop mine in the can once and after drying out, it was fine. I just dont like the touch screen or the service.

Like others have commented, this phone looks cool, but is a ticking time bomb. The touch screen stops working correctly after a few months and then stops working at all within a few weeks of that. I purchased the phone in June 2010 and had to replace it by September of 2010! And the replacement stopped working in January of 2011!! I think that speaks for itself. If you want a touch-screen spend money on a good one. If you just want an affordable, reliable phone try something without a touch screen. Good luck!

The LG Prime phone is a nice little phone for being prepaid and for being a newer generation of touchscreen.I don't use the mobile web, app center, AT&T; music or play any games on it but as far as functionality on it goes its not that bad.As far as the actual phone function goes, it works great with no issues. I have not experienced any dropped calls as of yet and sadly I live on the bottom floor of an apartment complex that is covered in cement. To top it off I live out in the sticks and my old cellphone would not work out here, so i'm impressed with the fact that I can sit on the couch in my living room and talk on my phone, because with my old service provider I had to go outside in the middle of the parking lot and stand out in the rain in order to hold a conversion (I live in the Pacific Northwest and its...always...raining...24/7)I really like the AM/FM Radio function. The phone takes a standard headphone jack like you would use on your MP3 player. Works pretty good for working out.The other tool include a voice recorder, voice command, Alarm Clock, Calendar, Notepad, Calculator, Tip Converter and Unit Converter.The camera/video is a nice function. The picture output of it looks pretty good if taken outside. Inside pictures don't look that great. Noting too fancy or spectacular.One of the things I struggle with the phone is text messaging. Writing a text message on this phone can be kind of a pain in the butt because the calibration is not 100% accurate.The battery is pretty decent. It keeps a full charge for a couple days.Overall I am happy with my purchase. I would never consider buying insurance for it being that its not worth very much and why pay $15 a month insurance when you have to pay a deductible to obtain a new phone? To me the phone doesn't feel cheap and I think I paid probably $80.00 for it and got a $50 credit for my first months bill. Not a bad deal for a nice little touchscreen phone.

I may not be the best one to review this phone, since I am 'out of the loop'. I am a 38 yr old male. I use a cell for talking and texting 50/50, with an occasional use for random picture taking. For example, in the past two years, I have recently switched from my old reliable samsung sgh-x497 flip to a razr, now looking again since I gave my samsung to my mom, and the razr I bought on craigs started acting up (button not working). Anyway, on to the short 'review'. Keep in mind, I only used it a week.PROS-feels well-built, solid, metallic-FM radio works well, easy to use-gives 'conversation view' for texts, if you like that-good speaker volume for conversations and radio, but low volume during calling someone-picture quality averageCONS-phone slows down while texting, and especially gets troublesome during text conversations with multiple parties. For instance, if u are in the process of typing a text and you get another one, it interrupts you and you have to stop and answer with 'reply' or 'ignore'. I think they should have omitted this. Then if you press 'reply' it auto-saves your message you were typing to drafts. Also, even though it displays the conv thread, you still have to actually click on each message, even tho you can read the whole thing-if you don't, the phone still shows you that you have unread msgs. Annoying.-call quality was just ok-touchscreen sometimes became unresponsive(I also figured out I don't like touchscreens at all)-I didn't like the UI at times, for instance, it has a 'tap-n-drag' type contacts button, which is nice, but you better be careful, because you can easily call the wrong person unless you have (accurate) surgeons hands-many misstypings, even after calibrating touchscreenI am now looking at the Nokia E series phones for long-term, but I bought a used lg cu500 for the time being.Thx

I received my phone on time. There were no issues. As far as the device itself...... I am satisfied. It was what I expected. Thanks amazon........ I would definitely order again.

I have been using Go-Phones for years and LOVE them.  This one, however...- drops the signal SEVERAL TIMES DAILY and has to be rebooted by removing the battery (not an easy task) EVERY TIME the signal freezes.- the web surfing is extremely slow, even when it connects.  Only have connectivity issues with the LG, other Go-Phones and cell phones connect to wireless network or roaming with no problem.- the free $75 worth of minutes (the deal I got at Christmas), I used those up just downloading a couple of games ( 2 games took almost 45 minutes to download) and ring-tones.- Apps selection is horrible, so if you are looking for cool/useful apps, this is not the phone to get.Went to the AT&T; store to resolve the phone issues, but they said there was nothing to do to fix it (gave me the battery removal solution), and complained to me that the LG "has problems". I tried the phone for 2 months and finally gave up.  My son and husband are using their $10 and $30 Go-Phones with no issues - I upgraded to an iPhone3 now that they are $49 (worth every penny).

That about sums it up ! A Waste of time , money, effort,......The phone itself looks nice, but it takes some getting used to  for an old guy and I found it hard to hold on to.And the Go Plan....just plan to Go and keep refilling your minutes and Paying and paying and paying..... A real waste !Just setting the phone up and  putting stuff into the phone like voice mail,costs  money. I had not even made an actual call to anyone and found that I had used almost ten dollars........I suppose that it has it's uses and fans, but this Go Phone went right back to Amazon for a refund.

I bought this as a replacement for my LG Xenon, which met its demise under contract.  There are some really great refurbished gophone deals through AT&T; that go from $7 and up, but I was really attached to the larger screen, ease of texting, and software tools of the LG Xenon so I went the route of the LG Prime.Compared to the LG Xenon, this phone really isn't much different.  A quick comparison for those familiar with the Xenon:Cons: lack of physical keyboard, lack of 3G, slightly diminished screen quality (even though it's a tad larger), scaled down home screen (one main screen with widgets instead of 3 dedicated screens for quick contacts, widgets, and applications)Pros: 3.5mm (standard) headphone plug (hooray!), thinner.The texting is just a step below an iPhone - not too difficult, easier than a standard phone (T9) but not as easy as a physical qwerty keyboard.  The tool I personally used most on my Xenon, the notepad (simple, I know), is buried so deep I thought it was missing until I stumbled upon it a couple weeks in.  But I'm glad the tools included in the Xenon are all still right here in the Prime.I don't notice the lack of 3G on phone calls.  I don't use the internet or email but the one big difference I noticed is in MMS/picture messages.  Pictures sent from another phone via text would hit my Xenon within a couple minutes.  On the Prime Edge network it can easily take a half hour or more, on a regular basis.My last complaint on this otherwise great phone is the incredible difficulty in creating new contacts.  Specifically, trying to get from one field to the next.  But once it's done, it's done, and you won't have to deal with it in other applications as you use the phone.Although I listed a few cons, it's really in comparison to LG's Xenon (which, in it's own right, was frustrating for it's lack of a headphone jack), and for the price is truly a great and useful phone.  Texting is much easier than on a standard T9 phone, and the headphone jack is a true blessing when you don't feel like lugging your iPod and your cell phone at the same time for a quick public transit trip.  For the small amount of shortcomings the LG Prime has, it's still worth every cent.

I've had bought my LG Prime about 6-12 months ago and I haven't had any problems with it so far. I do not talk on the phone or text much so this phone only costs me the minimum $100 a year($8 a month).***Edit(12/11/2011) Cellphone technology has gotten allot cheaper but this phone has not went down in price sense I bought it about 1.5 to 2 years ago, so now I would recommend getting aLG Thrive Prepaid Android GoPhone (AT&T;)instead. The Lg Thrive is a much more powerful phone, it has the android operating system (allowing you to get allot of free or cheap games and apps for it), it can function as a GPS, connect to WiFi, and even play 3D games fairly well. By now the LG Prime should be down to $40-$50 to be competitive with the LG Thrive and other low cost full-power smartphones.***pros:* well made and has lasted well so far(even through several drops).* better than average sound.* gets better reception than any of our other phones have.* surprisingly long battery life.* good bright screen.* compatible with most jar games.* touchscreen works well(for this cheep of a phone).* GoPhones are great for people who do not use a phone much, costing as little as $8 a month with very lite use(83min a month).cons:* some games and menus are laggy due to a slow CPU.Lg phones.org is a good place to find good free games and about 2/3ds of the games will work even if they don't say that they are for the LG Prime. To install games you can just plug the phone up to your computer and transfer downloaded games on to the phone's memory(you might want to get a cheap micro SD card) and then you just navigate to /my stuff/ other files in the phone's menu and select the game. Then if it is compatible, the phone will install it. This phone doesn't seem to be compatible with java games but about 2/3ds of all jar games work fine(the phone's CPU isn't very fast so some games will be laggy).

this is not an apple phone. just for someone one who wants the basics but looking for a touch screen. easy to use. affordable. fast shipping. thank you.

I just received my phone yesterday. After monkeying around with it for a while, I started to see that this phone isn't too bad for a touch screen. Well, it's my first touch screen. I just need to learn now to apply the correct pressure in order to scroll properly.1 thing I cannot stand about this phone so far, it locks after a call comes in. I know others also complained about this feature, even when you turn off the auto lock feature, if a call comes in or if you even make a call it locks....and why? LG must have been drinking some pretty good stuff when they decided to go there with this phone. Calls are clear, texting is nice because you can see the previous texts sent. The camera isn't too bad. It's a keeper. Plus you get $50 airtime if you had your current sim card for 4mos or more, it loaded right into the phone, no need to call cs. I had no problems adding my current bluetooth to this phone as well.  I would have even it a 5 rating but I only had it for a day. It's worth the $79.99 plus you get $50 airtime added to the phone, sounds like a good deal.Enjoy!tj

I bought my Prime in an AT&T store four months ago. It's a pretty good phone for the most part, I didn't have much trouble with it until now. The phone lacks a lot of features, but for the price and for it being a GoPhone, I guess I shouldn't have expected much. The camera takes bad quality pictures, and even with full signal it takes an act of Congress to send a multimedia message. I've had problems with it freezing during sending and opening messages, and now the touchscreen is shot completely. The only buttons that are working now are the send and end keys. I've kept this phone in protective cases and it's never been around any kind of liquids. So this time I'm not going to be cheap I'll just put a little extra money into a phone that will last longer than 4 months.

Bought this for $80 that included $50 free air time.  Awesome deal!  Uses standard ipod ear buds. Can listen to my favorite tunes and will still ring me if I get incoming call.  Great full screen keyboard for texting.  Screen scratches easily.  Resistive screen not as good as capacitive screen. Overall, a great value.

This is a great phone. the only bad thing about it is no flash on the camera, and video is weird to send, havent figured it out yet. other than that, afantasti phone.

I receiveed the LG Prime I ordered and could not be more pleased with the phone. This phone is a must have!!

This phone's a great choice for those who want good features without paying a lot for it.  Great battery life, voice dialing (I love it) and the sound quality is superb.  Even though my hands aren't very big, dialing and texting were quite easy.  I've read some comments about the weight of the phone and I think it's a perfectly weighted phone. It doesn't feel flimsy at all to me and I really don't like a phone that feels like a brick in my shirt pocket.A couple cons that I do have is:1) Scrolling though lists may take a little practice. Though, with the proper technique it should be a breeze.2) The phone locks during calls.  This feature is good to prevent you from accidentally clicking on something while your cheek is pressed against the touch screen while on a call;  however, if you're making a call to, for example, a customer service number and you have to press numbers to select options in a list, you must unlock your phone to press a number during each option. For me, that's a bit bothersome.Overall, this phone is absolutely a keeper.  Good quality construction, great features at a extremely reasonable price for what you're getting. I've seen phones costing almost twice the price with fewer features.  I am kinda frugal, though this phone does let me have some icing on my cake.

Got this in the beginning of December. I love the ease of use of all the features of this phone, from sending and receiving texts, clearing out old texts with the standard view and the touch screen. Only thing that seems to be a drawback is the battery doesn't seem to stay charged long. If there was a stronger battery this would by far be the best phone I've ever purchased.

I was in a hurry to replace a failed phone when I bought this go phone.  Did not research it well.  It's the worst phone I've ever owned (and my first came in a bag).There is little to no human engineering in it.  Unlock is "press and hold". And hold is a long time.  It locks at receipt of a call - not when answered - so you must first unlock before you can accept a call.  This after selecting "do not lock" at every option.  When inputting numbers to a voice mail system or other prompt system you must first push unlock then push dial pad and only then can you begin to enter numbers.  By then the receiving system has usually timed out and you get to start over.  And over.  Under "tools" my most frequent selection is alarm clock.  With this phone you have to scroll thru to 2nd pg of tools to select the alarm clock and setting it is far from intuitive.  Too many other examples to go into them all.Other engineering stinks as well.  I'm looking for new phone cause after 6 months my screen has done what others have described here and is dead.  Or more politely has ceased to be interactive.  Having a reason to replace this poc is not all bad.

Love this phone.  My first touch screen device.  Fairly user friendly. Product arrived as scheduled and was quite a bit cheaper at Amazon than Wal-mart. Battery life is extremely long, compared with my previous ATT Motorola phone.  Voice quality is excellent and seems to have fewer dropped calls and connection issues than my previous phone.  Have had this phone 1 month.

I had the phone for a month. My job requires me to be on call every four weeks. On Tuesday my boss called me to make a delivery. Well the phone did not ring. I found out the next day about me not answering my bosses call. I asked a coworker to call my phone. It did not ring. She made a suggestion to turn off the phone and turn it back on. I did what she suggested and she called the phone again and it worked. Well I'm not happy. I ordered a different phone and a coworker and I destroyed the phone.

First off, I got a good deal on this phone in that I got a 50$ airtime credit with the purchase.  I had a few months of decent operation from the device.  I've read many reviews and I share some of the problems people have in the most negative aspect and I also share some of the positives.When the phone works its great but this isn't acceptable for a phone to not operate properly all of the time.  I have the touchscreen problem where the screen shifts and after some desperate measures I found the screen can sometimes be remedied by BENDING the phone a little.  I wouldn't recommend bending your phone but when you need your touchscreen to work you do what you must.  The first time I had a problem with the touchscreen was when I once left it in my car overnight and thought the cold ruined the screen.  The screen eventually operated properly after some frantic bending.  Then after another instance of touchscreen malfunction I thought it was because I had the phone in a cell phone pocket on the side of my leg causing the phone to get torqued slightly, which could still be the case, and I again bent the phone to make it work.  After that I started carrying the phone in a holster that I put inside a bag that pretty much keeps most if not all physical strains away from the phone while I am at work where I do some bending, walking around and getting in and out of trucks often.I also had the texting problem where the recipient did not receive texts.  I didn't bother getting to the bottom of that problem to see if its the carrier like some have suggested or the phone.  However I never had a problem with signal strength or dropped calls.Using the internet on the LG Prime was sort of laughable waiting for pages to load.  Ultimately I just I only paid for one month of a data plan to download some games and that was it.  The new AT&T; data plans are a better deal now and might not be so bad to carry over but you really wouldn't use it much on the LG Prime.I am not bothering to get a warranty replacement because I have read all of the negative complaints with the same problems afterward.  I thought I was just too rough on a delicate phone but if the same problems are happening to people who aren't putting the small stresses I have put on the phone.I think the LG Prime is just an inferior product OR it is exactly what you pay for; a pay as you go pseudo-smart phone that gives you the functionality of a touchscreen when it happens to work.I am buying the LG Thrive and I hope that it is a little sturdier in respect to the touchscreen.  The Android software will be nice without getting stuck into a 2 year plan. Even if the Thrive has a slow processor compared to other Android phones it will probably still have more internet functionality than the Prime.

The volume doesnt work. My ringer dont work. I cant hear people when they call. It has a security number so i cant delete anything. I AM GETTING A REFUND DO U AGREE?

I recently got this phone because I am now off my family's cell phone plan and I wanted a cheaper alternative to getting a contract. I was hesitant at first to get a pay-as-you-go phone, but as soon as I saw this phone being offered at at&t; I thought I would give it a shot. I use my phone mainly for text messaging and the occasional call, so this phone is perfect for me (I got a $10/month for 1000 text message plan added to the $1 mobile to mobile plan).As for the actual phone, I think it is great. I have never had a touch screen phone, so I don't have much to compare it to, but for a first time user of a touch screen phone it has been fantastic. It took some getting used to, but I love it. I haven't experienced any frozen screens as I have heard people complain about on other touch screen phones. The ring can be nice and loud if you want it, and the screen is very easy to read. You can change the font sizes too, which I know is useful for some people.The only negative thing I can say about this phone (and maybe it is something that can be fixed but I haven't figured out yet) is that during a phone call the screen will lock. This is fine, but if you are calling your voicemail, or a number where you have to select options from a menu, it can get to be pretty annoying. Other than that, the complaints I have had about phones in the past (bad voice call quality, bad battery life) have not been present with this phone. That being said, I have only had it for about a week so we'll see.Oh and the $50 credit makes this phone totally worth the money.*Update*Ok, I have had this phone for a month now. And there are a few things I have noticed. Sometimes when I use the camera feature on the phone, the screen will flash and act really weird. But this is resolved from just turning the phone off and turning it on again. Also, I will sometimes press a button to get the screen to display so I can see the time, and the clock on the phone is not correct. Again, this is resolved from turning the phone off and then on again. These are pretty minor problems, but I thought I would add this to my review and let people know.

Many people complained about phone locks on them while it is being used and they don't think anything can be done about it. I just got the phone and totally changed way phone locks.Under the settings menu, phone setting, auto key lock option, it give you many different options including turning it off. I got min off for now. It really is great phone. I love it!

I purchased this phone in attempts to upgrade from the Samsung a177 for GoPhone.I had this phone for less than three months and the screen froze. I had to remove the battery to get the phone to turn itself off. I put the battery back in to no avail. The touchscreen was minimally responsive. It would only allow me to view my recently received calls, but I could not select anything from the list and the "Send" button would not let me make calls either. This phone was laid to rest and was buried in my junk drawer. $79.99 down the drain. I would recommend saving your money and investing in a higher quality phone. The only perk to this deal is the $20 airtime credit.

Updated 1/3/2010I came to update this review after purcxhasing 3 palm pixisPalm Pixi Plus Verizon Only Cell Phone with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Blackand moving to pageplus.  The phone itself is a somewhat more advance smart phone (offering more applications, more connectivity) at a much lower price (I paid less than half of what this is now selling for from a marketplace seller.)  When I recommended this, I was comparing it to an LGLG 620G Prepaid Phone (Net10)net10.  The phone was "OK," the service just awful.  Bothe the service on At&T; and the phone are better than what I was using, but neither is as good or cost effective as what I am now using.  We have moved our entire family over, my parents are now in the process of replaing theirs as well.  I still think this is a pretty good phone and the service and connectivity is good as well.  It is just that both will cost substantially more, for less (minutes, options) than what I am getting with my new phone and service.  What At&T; is charging is pretty much standard rates for a pre-paid phone (which was a surprise to mer than I hae found better and less expensive (on the order of 5-10 fold) with what I am using now.My old review appears below.________________________________________________________________________________Now that the description has been edited to provide a more accurate description of the current rate pl;an, and we have lived with this for a while, I can do a better review of the phone itself.We had a bit of a run-in recently with one of the major carriers, who charged us $200 for our "free" time (mobile to mobile, nights & weekend) when my daughter went 1 minute over the included "prime" minutes.  So, after more than 10 years of overpaying for shoddy service, I quit and decided to get some pay as you go phones while we decide which phones/ plans are right for us. My daughter is in college and uses her cell as her primary phone, hence needing it more than the rest of us.  For her I got a touch screen on virgin mobile (that cost $150).  I went with them for the lower cost comprehensive plans.  My son barely ever used his phone, so I got him one of these thinking the $50 credit would last him a year. *NOTE* The included $50 is only good for 2 months....so this turned out to be a bit more expensive than I had thought.  BUT, the phone itself is pretty great....I bought an LG 610 for myself (net10) thinking it would get me the service I needed at a very low cost.  the phone is decent, but does not have many features, *and* I will note that the plan is almost the same as at&t;'s.My son's phone (this model) is so so much better, and at a lower cost, that I bought another for my husband....and now, I have phone envy.If I could return my $40 phone, I would, and would trade it in for one of these.  Not only does it have a large bright touch screen, but it has features found on many of the higher end models: a camera, a calendar and date book, mp3 player, note taking feature.I have looked at just about every pre-paid phone on the market and this beats just about all of them at a fraction of the price.  In fact, now that I see that you can get a bigger card which holds the minutes longer (and at a lower cost/ month) I may side-line my phone and buy another one of these for myself!I will add, for those of you who have one, or are thinking of purchasing one, that it does not come with a case.  The Lowespro case I reviewed elsewhere fits this camera nicely (and I have tagged to make it easy to find)

I have several problems with this phone. There appears to be no software included (so I can't get data off of it unless I am on certain computers). Also, I am tired of getting no update for the glaring hardware problems this phone has with texting. See here: [...]Nuff said.The phone seems good at first, but basic functionality not working is kind of a big issue for me. Don't buy this phone!!-Mark M, in Florida

I am huge LG fan. I wanted to upgrade from my most beloved LG Shine so that I could use it as a backup in emergencies. For my birthday, I was given the Prime. It wasn't the phone I had chose. My mother couldn't remember which one I wanted so she threw out her best guess, bless her. I was skeptical about it at first because this wasn't the phone I had played around with in store and did research on. But once I started playing around with the Prime, I liked it a lot. It was a pretty neat device up until a month after my birthday. The calibration went berserk and failed. I could do nothing with my phone. I couldn't even transfer the photos and other stuff to my trusted Shine after the touchscreen failed. So, my Prime now sits on my vanity. Unused and dusty. I had even turned it back on weeks later and it worked for an hour and then failed again. I still use my Shine. I honestly am afraid to get another phone. This thing has survived countless drops and even a swim in the toilet bowl and works perfectly. I guess the saying is true: If it's not broke, don't fix it.

Overall I'm very happy with this phone. I'm not a phone person but I was fristrated with my old flip phone as I had difficulty seeing the screen and working the keys. I'm 63 and the eyes aren't what they once were. The phone is intuitive and once you have worked with it a bit very easy. Only issue I have with it is that the screen lock feature goes to standby pretty quick so I can't see the screen during a call. But that may be a setting I haven't found yet and as I said I'm not a big phone guy. The air time credit was a bonus. A very good, workable gophone.

The stars are for comparably attractive design,decent camera and even a video.But within a first year a had to replace this phone several times for the same reason-touch screen has become unresponsive.With the first phone the screen stopped working completely, on the second phone it was dead on the right side of the screen, and now again, only this time it doesn`t work on the left side of the screen.If 3 the same phones within a period of a year have essentially the same problem ,that can only mean one thing- a major design flaw.Don`t buy this phone.

Let's start off by saying I consider myself a cell phone lite user.  That is to say, my cell phone is not my primary means of communication.  I give the number out to no one.  If I'm going somewhere and want to stay in touch, I forward my home phone to my cell.  Other than that, it is basically an emergency phone. I would not think of leaving the house without it.With that caveat, I am generally pleased with this phone.  The touch screen, while certainly requiring a bit of a learning curve, is easy enough to use.  Voice quality (incoming) is fine, and I've had no complaints about outgoing voice.  In fact, because people have dialed my  home phone and then been forwarded to the cell, they don't actually realize they are talking to me on a cell.  It is small, lightweight and attractive.  Just about everything anyone would want in a cell phone, and at an astonishingly low price.Right?  Well, almost.I've noticed many of the reviewers like almost everything about the phone, with the exception of one function or feature.  That one function or feature seems to vary from person to person.  Such is the case with me.My one complaint:  Voice Activation/Voice Dial.  God have mercy on your soul if this is a feature you are counting on when you buy this phone.  It has, without a doubt, the worst voice recognition system of any voice dial phone I have used, and this is my fourth phone with the voice dial system.  In fact, I'm prepared to say this phone has no voice recognition system at all.  Rather, it seems to have been installed with the most comprehensive voice NON-recognition system ever invented.  I will say a name, in what I believe to be clear, concise English, and will be asked if this is who I wanted.  Almost without fail, it will be the wrong contact.  Usually it is not even close.  When I say "No", it will either bring back the same contact (as many as four times) for another go at it, or offer me a new contact, also wrong.  It is almost fiendishly uncanny in its' inaccuracy. There are settings for the voice functions (Sensitivity, etc.) which the owner's manual directs you to, but then says not a word about how to use them.  I've played with them a bit, but found no improvement.  Fortunately, the contact list is so easy to use I have just about given up ever having the use of the voice functions.So, after two months of use, there you have it.  I like the phone.  It serves the function for which I purchased it.  But the voice dial problem is a disappointment.

Didn't want to do a new contract so just purchased a go phone and put my sim card in .I was impressed with this phone from the start , easy to use and lots of features for a low price replacement .FM radio , voice dial ,att social net , conversation text , and lots of others

Recently got this phone. I really like it!  It is very light, the touchscreen works well, the call quality is good and I like that it has a camcorder and FM radio.The camera is decent, too. For those of you who don't like the auto lock, you can turn it off. Go to "Settings", "Phone Settings" then "Auto Key Lock". There is an "off " option. Then you can just lock and unlock when you choose by pressing the little button of the right hand edge of the phone above the camera button. Also someone said it cannot support iTunes music...well, it can. Go to iTunes and right click on the track you want and create an MP3 version. You can then search for this file on your computer and drop it into the MicroSD card. :>)For a Go Phone this is a great phone and I recommend it!

I just recently with to At&t, old provider was Boost Mobile. It was just to slow and didn't receive all my text messages. This phone is great! The only things I dislike about it is the touch screen, its not that sensitivity. You need to put pressure on it for it to work sometimes, but not a big problem. It don't  feel that duality, so if your a person that drops your phone often maybe you should rethink about getting this phone. Other than that its a pretty good phone. Camera is okay, not the best.

This phone looks very cool but when you try to use it it's terrible. It has a resistive touch screen, (not capacitive), and the options for the phone are narrowed down turning this into a very simple phone. The only nice thing about this phone was the Bluetooth. Other then that I advise you save your money for something else.

It takes forever to get anything done on this phone, if you get some things done at all. That is primarily due to the touch screen being awful. It took 15 minutes to get through the calibration process because the phone simply refused to accept my touch inputs 90% of the time. (At one point, I counted and my touch input was accepted only after 19 attempts.) The touch scrolling through menus is hit or miss at best. Some areas within the phone's menus work well with it, but others do not. And some are like the calibration process--try as you may, the screen either doesn't scroll/move or you open a menu you didn't intend to open. And I don't think that's a freeze issue, but simply a poorly made product.If you absolutely must have a touch screen phone to appear cool to others, buy it. However, if you want a phone which simply works and allows you to do what you want quickly, don't even think about buying an LG Prime--unless you're primed for frustration. After 6 hours of frustrating usage, this product is being returned. (You can now make that *has* been returned, and within 18 hours of its receipt.)Addendum: Let me identify other problems I had with this phone. If you miss a call, the locked screen displays a message about the missed call. However, until you unlock the phone, you cannot simply remove that information from the screen. And then given the touch screen doesn't work worth a hoot, I spent 5 minutes getting the touch screen to finally recognize my taps and so I could verify having seen the missed call information. Even worse, as long as the missed call information is displayed on the essentially non-functional touch screen, you cannot unlock the phone with the button on the side. You can't unlock the phone until you unlock the phone's screen, and unlocking the screen is practically impossible. "Quite a catch, that catch-22."As for texting, I finally gave up on getting a single text even written. The touch screen would pick up the wrong alphabet or number at least one-third of the time, if not more. To add to the frustration, I wanted to send the text to someone not in my address book so needed to add the contact. That proved impossible. Although I entered a name (in text only) in the correct field, the phone invariably returned error messages about needing to enter only letters or numerals. Given that, so much for ever at any time entering this person's unique actual name which has a hyphen in it. And editing the already entered text seemed to be one of the last considerations given by the phone's designers, except for......being able to do pretty much anything with all contacts by selecting them all at once, excluding deleting them all in one fell swoop. I was returning the phone and needed to remove my personal information, which meant removing the 100+ contacts I'd transferred to it. (Was this purposeful design as not to make deletion of them all an easy error? No way given the menu is significantly buried and a person would have to go far out of their way with several inputs to make such a "mistake.") As for the master reset, a call to ATT was of no help because the phone was so new that the service person to whom I was speaking could not tell me the master reset code. (True or not? I don't know and now don't care or need to know.) Between those two inconveniences, it took almost an hour to tediously delete each contact individually.When attempting to input certain information, the phone displays only one of several needed input lines at a time. Additional lines below are covered by the screen's keyboard. Again because of extreme touch screen deficiencies, after entering the first line of information and then needing to navigate to the the second line which was hidden by the virtual keypad, I could not get it to scroll to the additional lines below the one already showing.In sum, this was the very worst phone I've ever had. Clearly it was given insufficient design considerations--almost to the point of thinking no one at LG attempted to actually use the phone as a customer might before placing it on the market. So again, unless you wish to look cool having a touch screen phone and don't care whether it works or not, *DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE*!

Been about three months since I bout the phone and the screen froze on me for a day and a half. Not good. First time with an LG phone. The processor is slow and glitch filled. Need a better OS.

Been using this phone for just over two years and have no complaints.If you understand you are getting a phone with basic capabilities. And any touch screen should be carried in a case.Several coworkers were a bit jealous that about the FM radio. No need to get a data plan to listen to news or sports.Camera is poor, but this is a phone.Music playback of mp3 files is great. Bluetooth connectivity is a snap.The LG Prime is a great phone for the price. I would consider an Android phone if it included the FM radio.

I put a lot of research into how best to upgrade my old basic phone that was on an AT&T Go Phone plan.  I wanted a phone with most of the bells and whistles without having to change and commit to an expensive monthly plan or pay a fortune for the phone.  My time was about up for having to refill my minutes so this great phone actually cost me more like $30 when factoring in the $50 airtime card.  I merely had to use the SIM card from my old phone and not the new one that came with the purchase.  Insert card and use!  Just that simple and the $50 airtime was automatically added to my account.  Same phone package is about $98 at local stores.

This phone is completely useless for email, texting, and web browsing.  The screen is too small for email and the web.  The touch interface is terrible and takes way too long to type out texts.  For the money, you can probably get a phone that's better at doing voice calls.  The team that designed the phone's UI should be embarrassed.

only have 1 hiccup on occasion, it sometimes says 911 calls only.It seems to happen if i do not use the phone for more than 3 days.It is a prepaid phone and i use the $2.00 a day option(unlimited calls and texts only,per day)(out of 3 options) and I have credit on it to make calls so i have to reset the phone(sometimes taking the battery out of it)..only 1 time i had to do it 3x then no issues so far..If you drop below a $10.00 balance, you will get a message that says to refill your phone, and what your balance is ..it will happen every time you try to make a call or listen to voice mail..so you have to go through the prompts to exit the message.. then it will make the call..I have very good credit but did not care anymore to spend $79.00 a month plus taxes and fees (w/ an occasional late charge averaging $90.00 a month)in a 2 yr.contract plan..so far i have not spent more than $30 a month and i have magic jack at home, most calls can wait till i get home..I so far have spent as little as $12.00 a month and i love it..I can get internet on my phone but it costs a little more for service..so,The internet can wait till i get home also..overall knowing the maximum i will spend is $60.00 a month with taxes and fees included, no more late charges it makes it well worth it..I used to be a Sprint customer, but the reception is bad in my area, And the sprint airrave only worked at home,slowed my internet connection down, raised my electric bill(it also generates a lot of heat),If you are out of contract with Sprint, as i was, customer service gives you the runaround and tells you you need a new phone and that is what i did, lol with At&t.; however with At&t;, calls and texts, it is not a problem with reception, no more dropped calls either. No more air rave either..Bye Bye sprint!,lol Thanks for the good advice!

I never had so much problems with cell phones before, except for this one. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. The main problem was that it did not send out text (Like most reviews warn you about). I did not bother to look at reviews because I thought that cell phones were somewhat like computers (They're obsolete within 4-5 years or so), so I assumed it would work. I had many important texts to send out and did not realize they were not being sent out until someone told me.Another BIG problem is that you can't return the phone if you open the package, so once you realize its fault its already too late.

Almost went back, would lock up my wife would have to take the battery out and restart it. Was going to go to AT&T store see if it would be fixed or exchanged. Had it in my car to do so but the store went out. Got home turned it on been okay since wouldn't suggest model to anyone. If your looking for a phone try another

Okay i got the phone in, i charged it then it said full battery then i tried to take out the battery and it wouldn't come out then i eventually got it out. then i put in the sim card and popped the battery back on then i turnned on the phone then it loads up fine till i try to call or text someone and it won't work...is sim card activated? i looked at the phone settings and i dont even have a number? and i don't have $50  on the phone cuz nothing really popped up? so what the heck is going on?

I love my new lg prime its off the chain could'nt ask for anything better the 50 airtime credit was a great bonus love it.

I got it yesterday and I am very happy with it!  If you are looking for a great deal this is it!!!!  You get the new phone plus a $50 airtime credit.  The great thing is you don't have to use the new sim card to get the credit.  If you are already a go phone user just put your sim card in the phone and it gives you the credit automatically!!!  So you keep your old number and are only paying $29.99 for this phone and it is way worth the purchase!!!

***BUYER BEWARE**** ***LEMON***If you google LG Prime touchscreen not working you will see a nearly never ending list of complaints about the touchscreen randomly just stop working withing a couple months of purchase. There is no way to even dial 911 when the touch screen is unresponsive.This happened to me and I did get a replacement from AT&T; of the same model. I fully expect this one to fail as did the first.When the touchscreen is working it's a decent phone, although as a go phone with very limited data connectivity you can't really get much use out of the features.

I've only had prepaid phones, since I am not able to go on my own contract yet. I've had Net10, Virgin Mobile, Verizon, and my family has U.S. Cellular. And I can tell you this: AT&T; blows every single one of them out of the water. 4-5 bars everywhere within 30 miles(because that's the furthest I've gone with it yet), fast enough internet for my taste.The LG Prime is a magnificent phone. It dies a way better job at being a camera and an iPod than, well, my camera and iPod. My camera is an 8.2 megapixel, this phone is 2. For being a 2mp camera, it looks very nice. And as far as iPod, I put 550 songs on my microSD card, and this thing loads faster and sounds better than my iPod. And the thing I really like is that I can just plug it into the AUX in my car, and the sound quality far surpasses that of an iPod. And I don't have to mess around with iTunes, nor do I have to convert the files. It plays them right off the microSD, in mp3 format.I'm new to touch screens, but the touch screen on this thing is amazing. Every once in a while, I accidentally hit a wrong key when texting, but that's because I have a bit wider fingers than most. Not a big deal. Another thing I like is just the convenience of it. I'm used to flip phones, and the most I had before this was a Net10 texting phone, and this is so much better. The touch keypad is much, much better.And I also like AT&T;'s plans way better as well. I don;t talk much on the phone almost strictly text, so if I really wanted to I could just do a $30 a month plan, with 20 each month to unlimited text and I'd have 100 minutes every month in case of emergencies or whatever. And if I want unlimited internet, then I'd just have to buy $50 a month. Still cheaper than really any contract.It satisfied all of my needs and much more. I was just expecting it to be a touch screen cell phone, but I got a new camera and a way better iPod along with it :)

Just received this phone yesterday, I've only been using it a few hours now but I absolutely love it! What an awesome phone for texting. It has the running conversation "bubbles" like the iphone does, but I find the touch qwerty keyboard easier to use than the iphone. I have no complaints yet, I need to work more with the camera there are numerous effects and options for it which was a pleasant surprise. Oh and I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and the transition was super smooth. So far so good, just the texting alone is worth every penny!

I bought this phone as an upgrade for an older phone that is on a monthly AT&T plan.  I did not want a 2 year contract, which is what AT&T forces you to do if you get a new phone from them.  This phone works great for this purpose.  Just switch out the SIM card from you old phone and it works. The Prime is a very good phone for the price.  It has many great features. The touch screen has a couple of problems that I do not like.  While you are on a call the touch screen locks so if you need to enter additional numbers, such as for voice mail, you have to unlock. Also occasionally the touch screen does not respond first try.  Overall, this is a great phone if you want a phone with a touch scree.

Ive had my phone now for about 2 months and this is the second one. All of a sudden the phone just stopped working one morning, i couldnt push any buttons on it. I couldnt send texts to people it would push other letters or just not let me text at all. I can still receive calls but thats about it. I can only call the last person who called me. This is the worst phone ive ever bought. I had better luck with my LG NEON. I would just suggest to everyone, dont get this phone its the biggest POS EVER!!

I got this phone over Christmas and was really excited, but that didn't last long.Voice command- awful, as most areTexting- took me a few months to adapt to the touch screen key board, but it still has problems. When your texting someone and u receive  a new text, the screen stops allowing you to text for 10 seconds before you get the other text. Is NOT accurate, i have to delete most of the text because it goes crazy a lot. And when sending it, doesn't always send because its a touch screen and it being not accurate with think you didn't touch the send buttonCalling- fineCamera- nothing special, it doesn't zoom, so that can be a pain sometimesBattery Life- some weeks it will last 2-3 days before i need to charge it again, but others is less then a day, also if you have one bar left and turn it off then back on it will die almost instantly, that is one of my least favorite thingsAlso, the back of the phone comes off ALL the time. accidentally drop it, comes off along with the battery. put it in your pocket the wrong way, and it will slide off, I had to tape it so it wouldn't come off, and it scratches very easilyother then all of that, its a fine phone

I purchased this phone and  it went haywire within 5 months freezing right after it is cut on.  I Would like to know what to do or who you contact about getting this phone fixed. Do you just trash Go Phones when they mess up?

After a few texts or so, it will STOP texting them!! It just won't send it!!(EVEN with full bars!) I have to take out the battery then put it back in and turn it back on. Also, during the same time it won't send the messages, it won't let me call either!!! It will just say "Emergency Calls Only" grrrrrrr. Bad call quality and also it takes some time to receive a text even when I have just turned it back on. Battery life only lasts a few days and is pretty small for a touch screen. I like the go-phone plan and that it's loud so if I lose it I can easily find it. I like the alarm clock and the FM radio is pretty cool. Overall, the phone is OK. but the not being able to text every once in a while really pushes my buttons.

I love this phone some easy smart phone but without contract, easy to use and you can do so much with it.

Its not the best touch screen I have ever used, but it has its moments. The user interface is pretty basic, and easy to use. When first calibrating the touch screen it took a while to figure out the level of "touch" required for the phone to register what I was doing. Though since that, it hasn't given me much trouble. For texting, you have the option of either the standard keypad, or a full keyboard. (switching between the two is just a matter of a single tap) The touch screen is pretty sensitive to scratching, so I would recommend a screen shield or having a protective case of some kind when carrying it around.  The phone clarity is great, and the speaker is more that sufficient in volume. An "okay" amount of options are available right away, but most need to be purchased from the online store, either from the phone, or your computer. (i.e. apps, ringtones, games, etc...) I was disappointed that you can't use your own music as ringtones, like I have done with previous phones (unless the file size in very small, and by very small I mean only a few k) Overall I am happy with the phone, and the service. The "pay-per-day on the days you use it" has already saved me money and I've only had the phone for about a month. You can receive texts without having to pay, and only are charged when you send a text or make/answer a phone call. Its not a perfect phone, but it gets the job done.

OK, so after owning this little junker for over a year, I've had enough.For what it offers, the LG is overpriced and incredibly poorly engineered.You might expect a prepaid phone to offer no-frills features. I've owned no-frills GoPhones, and the truth is that those little hand sets stand head and shoulders above the LG in terms of both usability and value.Here's what you'll get when you go with the LG GoPhone:- your phone will make mystery calls for no apparent reason- it will lock the screen just when you need to press an on-screen prompt- it will open applications without being prompted- your open applications will be scrolled out of view and hard to find when you need them- it will hang up calls before you can answer them- it will not pick up calls you intend to answer- the battery will go dead early and often- it will not keep the screen locked when you need it toThe problem is, the LG's touch screen implementation is really a shoddy piece of work.Bottom line, I wouldn't sell this device to my worst enemy.

Purchased this phone for my upgrade, didn't want to be locked in for 2 more years.  At first, I loved this phone.  After about 6 months, it began to give me problems.The calibration was starting to freeze on the left side of the screen.  At first, turning the phone off and then on seemed to take care of the problem.  Then recently, it froze on the left side permanently.  Trying to text on this phone could prove a little frustrating as well.  Don't miss it.

After purchasing this phone, I read some bad review about this phone. But I am using this phone for last 1 week, I found this phone working perfectly. Also it was activated immediately also Airtime $50 was credited withing 20 minutes of activation.It has everything what I needed and working fine. I just love this phone.Camera, bluetooth, onscreen keypad is fine.

The phone is small and compact.  It's easy to carry, but it's also a little hard to hit the button you want because it's so small.  I don't find it all that user friendly.  I have had other phones that are easier to use, but it's a fine phone for the price.

Neat phone. I was going to get another, but price was effectively raised $45.Was 69.99 with $50 credit.Now 79.99 with $15 credit.Incidentally, this is also now a misleading product listing, because previous reviews refer to a phone with a $50 credit. This one should be listed as a separate product.

Very nice for the price, it was something to tide me over while I replaced one that had been damaged. A good starter phone for the kids maybe.

When I first got this phone 2 weeks ago I thought it was the coolest phone.  I had gotten this phone as a replacement to the LG Neon because that phone was shutting off spontaneously, thought this one would be better. Ha! Boy was I wrong. Not even half of my texts are going through to the other person. It's very very frustrating!! I don't recommend this phone to anyone that relies on texting.

buying this as my first touch screen was a lesson well learned. I am currently on my third lg prime phone. after a four hour call with att. the supervisor and the origanal costomer service agent lee. both stated that this make and model was a design flaw and the lcd touch screen easily goes out on this phone. I purchased my phone in FEB and recieved my first replacement in june my second replacement in september.the tough screen soon while texting started jumping the letters around, then would not allow me to recalibrate, then finally the touch screen would not let me access my menu and all information lost as the menu cannot be accessed for a phone to phone tranfer. after having the sup. attempt to bribe me with a $50. $75. $100 credit if i bought a new phone since this would continue to happen, I went into a att store to see that this phone is no longer for sale. the design flaw is that as a touch screen you actually have to apply mild pressure to the lcd screen and this is what causes the lcd screen to become warpped. the newer touch screen phones work off of heat from you touch rather then actually having to add pressure to the lcd screen.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE!!!

epic crap! if I take this crap to basement or some places which are  not signal zone, it will still receive noting even I take back!! Never buy it!! It is crap!

I wanted a decent GSM phone with no contract liabilities. I am not impressed nor disappointed with this phone. The touchscreen cannot be compared with that of an iPhone. I have a ipod touch and i can feel the vast difference. The main reason i am not impressed is because of the blue tooth capabilities. The phone kept switching to emergency mode, stopped receiving and making calls when blue tooth was turned on. With bluetooth off, it works quite fine. Also, the bluetooth performance was quite poor. I am not sure if that was related to the headset or the phone. Overall, the bluetooth was quite disappointing. If you really wanted to use the bluetooth, i would avoid this. Otherwise, it is a decent phone.

I carried a Samsung flip phone of some kind for many years without any problems with them at all.  I decided I wanted something that had FM radio so I could listen to it on the job.  After shopping around for a couple weeks I didn't find many flip phones with that option. That's when a sales associate at an AT&T; store suggested this LG Prime. It did have many of the features that many of the "smart phones" have today but was still just a cell phone. The question I had was if I could use it as a regular plan phone since it was labeled as a "Go Phone". They assured me I could and with just a $15 a month fee for unlimited internet it really seemed like the way to go!  I work in an office environment and I must say the messaging features and the full qwerty keypad were very easy to use and the phone worked very well for about a year with the easy use.Then after just 13 months the touch screen stopped working completely. I did some research on the web about this problem and found many other users experienced the same problem as myself. Some even more quicker then I did and so I took the phone to the AT&T; store with the receipt to get an exchange right? WRONG..  I discovered at this point that any Go Phone you purchase only has a 90 day warranty.It would have been nice to know in the beginning when the salesperson talked me into buying this phone.So if you think $89 dollars a year is not bad for a plain tablet phone then check it out!Me?  Lesson learned...

I got this phone yesterday and have already sent like a billion texts called people and then used the internet and some apps. Overall I would have to say this phone rocks. It is completely full featured and you can even open tabs in the browser.SURPRISES- When I got this phone I thought that I knew everything that it could do but I didn't. When you take a picture you can edit it. Also, there are 2 different keyboards a horizontal and a vertical. The browser is amazing and the social networking app that comes with it is pretty easy to setup and use although do be prepared to shell out some cash for your internet usage so I would suggest using a data package.ITS BETTER ONCE YOU TRY- The entire widgets thing confused me at first I didn't get why you would want to cover up your screen with these things, but then I soon realized how amazing they are. You can pull up a calender have music playing, or even have a slide show going all at once!WOW WHY DO I NEED THIS???OH YEAH ITS COOL- The radio is one of those cool features no one needs but it so cool to have. I will admit reception is not the best...but who cares it usually fulfills its purpose. Also, in the messaging there are signatures you can type up and put in and I thought oh who needs this but its a neat way to share funny quotes with everyone you text or put in a good saying you have or even your mood.So overall this phone is good, but there are a few little "bugs." One would have to be the radio, yes I said its good but its reception is spotty at best. Also, the browser is faster than most gophones but it still is painfully slow so just be ready and the more tabs you have open the worse. Also, this phone can freeze, it may unfreeze after a second or two but it does like its thinking time and that can get a little annoying. Also, the screen lock is very nice to have but instead of holding onto the screen I would suggest just pressing the lock button on the side because it is just so much easier. And do beware than even if the screen goes off it does NOT mean its locked so just make sure you press the lock button or go into the settings and make it lock after 5 or 15 seconds to be safe. One last little gripe I have is those pesky little buttons. They are gonna take some getting used to. I have become a bit better over the 24 hours but still they are not the easiest to work with and u are a slow texter this maybe for you because the phone occasionally takes a second to type. SO I WOULD BUY THIS PHONE OVER AGAIN...SO FAR.

I have had my phone for almost a month, no issues to report. Minor glitch when trying to enter account numbers etc... as the screen goes into lock mode, there may be a way to enter numbers while using the phone, have not looked yet. Very pleased with video quality, sound quality with phone and music or video. This was an exceptional purchase for the $. Not too happy with At&t;, WAY TOO EXPENSIVE!!! $1 to make or recieve a call. .10 a minute after, or pay $60 for unlimited. $9.99 for 1000 text messages (when you purchase it that way) Bottom line: I had t-mobile prepaid prior to this prepaid and would load the t-mobile phone 3 times a year for a total of $250, I have already spent $75 in air time in less than a month, do the math folks, $900 a year with at&t; $1 a day plan or at&t; cheapest unlimited is $720 that does not include internet,or $250 with t-mobile No internet.Pros: Very Nice Phone, Very Nice!!! Video, Sound, Ease of use, quality build, Quality all around.Cons: At&t; too expensive! No service contract offered, prob cause the price is so low, you just buy another if it breaks?I will be unlocking this phone and switching to a more affordable carrier. Thank you for the KICK ASS phone At&t;, SUCKAS!

So I bought this phone almost 2 weeks ago and had it delivered within 2 days of ordering it so that was great. I've only had one issue with the phone and that the phone is was pre-programmed to come with the DTMF tone off. So for the first few days in till  I figured it out I could not call my voice mail or use any automated phone system. But other then that it is easy to use and the battery is good. It charges well and the touch screen is also good.

I really LOVE this phone.  It fits all my cell phone needs.  I really needed a touch screen because I do a lot of texting and it's easy on my carpel tunnel and my arthritic fingers.  But there's so much more to the phone.  The reception has been great.  The price was right too!

Alright, I've only had this phone for about a week now, but I've been nothing more than thrilled with it so far.I picked up this phone after reading the many reviews here addressing the auto-lock issue, and to be honest, I can't even begin to understand why people are making such a big deal out of it. Yes, when you make or receive a call, the screen locks. However, unlocking the phone is as instantaneous as pressing the lock button on the lower right-hand side of the phone. You DON'T have to "press and hold" the on-screen unlock buttonMoreover, the phone HAS to auto-lock because if it didn't, your cheek would press all kinds of keys on the touch screen.So far, everything else on the phone is working great. Bluetooth works flawlessly, and the android OS's text-messaging interface is a real charm -- extremely similar to the iphone text messaging interface.The Prime is quite solid, and doesn't "creak" when you press buttons. The headphone jack is a nice inclusion, and the 2.0 megapixel takes great sharp pictures. Sharp enough to be used as a background for my desktop MAC.Overall, I've been quite happy with this phone. Don't worry about autolocking, it's really not a big deal. The included $50 minutes makes this already great deal a true "bang for the buck."

This phone is, by far, the worst phone I have ever owned in my entire life. And I have owned a lot of terrible phones.The on screen keyboard is way too cramped. Mistyping in it is almost a given.Navigating through the phone book is difficult because you stop your finger for a second and it will call soemone.Automated systems have a hard time reading your responses! For example, if I call my bank and enter my account number CORRECTLY at medium speed, it will say that I entered the wrong number. I literally had to dial one number, wait two seconds, then dial the second number, and so forth.Phone often froze while getting picture messages.I wound up giving this phone away. It was too much of a headache for me to deal with.

I am cheap when it comes to cell service. That's not to say I've never had a contract, I just didn't feel that I was getting my moneys worth. I overpaid even with the cheapest of plans. I don't talk very much and I'm a light texter. So for the last few years I've used prepaid services with cheap phones. I recently saw that not only did AT&T; go to 10 cent a minute, they had added some better phones. I wanted to try a full qwerty phone, be it touchscreen or slider. Then I saw the LG Prime that not only was it feature rich but came with a 50$ credit. I did some research and red a ton of reviews and decided to give it a shot.WOW.Pros:Being that I am a bit behind on current cellphone technology(I came from a LG600G, Tracfone) I instantly had a phone with a touchscreen, usable web browser, 2 mp camera, camcorder, FM receiver and -OMG- an MP3 player. Little did I know how awesome it was to have all this on a phone.Music: By far the best feature to me is the MP3 player hands down. While its not the best sounding player I've ever had it is nice and loud. I can listen to it w/o headphones. I put an 8gb card in it and went to town. The FM receiver works ok but I mainly use the MP3 player. O yea, Praise God there is a standard headphone jack.Internet: As I said the browser is usable. I will load full pages but I mostly go to mobile versions of my favorite sites(tomshardware, facebook, wikipedia).Camera: 2mp takes decent shots and the camcorder is nice to have in a pinch.Touchscreen: The screen is resistive but is responsive and doesn't require a lot of pressure and the menus scroll and navigate pretty fast, there is some lag when loading the music player but I have noticed this get longer with the more songs I have on my memory card.Cons:Data/Internet: This could be a deal killer for some people. Data is very, very expensive. I really think AT&T; could do a lot better on the rates. 5$ for 1mb and 20$ for 100mb. This is ridiculous. If you are a heavy user then get a data plan otherwise you will get taken to the cleaners.(see Conclusion)UI: Unless I am missing something, I do not see a way to customize the UI beyond adding a few widgets(6 to choose from, whoopee). While the clock, calender and note widgets are very useful I wish there were a way to add other tools to the shortcut menu or even the screen. The calculator, unit converter and tip calculator are buried in the menu and should be easier to navigate to.Conclusion: Even with the ripoff prices for data and issues I have with the UI, this phone is an incredible deal. As for the data, I purchased the 20$ 100mb feature and I have it renew the 5$ 1mb every 30 days so that my 100mb balance will roll over. So far I am using approximately 5mb a week, It will take me 5 months to use that data at my usual rate. during those 5 months I will renew each month 1mb for 5mb to roll over my balance. So 6 months of data service will cost me 45$. So thats approximately 7.50$ a month to have email and light surfing access, 5$ a month to have 200 texts and if I use 100 mins a month(typical for me) Im'm in for 22.50 per month with no crap fees. Thats an average I know I will sometimes use more or less.For the price of the phone (80$) minus the 50$ airtime this is a great deal for light phone users who don't want to have a 80-100$ cell bill.

We bought this phone for our daughters' 11th birthday. It is her 1st cell phone and she absolutely loves it.  For the sale price of $79. with $50. airtime, you can't beat it.  The full touch screen is awesome and she has a great time texting with friends and listening to the FM radio on it.  The picture quality is pretty good also. Would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a nice prepaid phone for a great price.

I bought the LG Prime phone recently from Amazon.com.  This is the worst cellphone product I have EVER purchased and the customer service offered by both LG and ATT is unacceptable.The phone is cheaply assembled and does not work properly.  The browser function is horrible and when I called ATT to report my problems I was told to call LG or return the phone.  I called LG and was told they would research the issue and get back with me. That was 5 weeks ago and they never got back with me.DO NOT buy this phone.  It is JUNK and ATT support is horrible.

I have three of those phones (LG GS 390) in my family. It was a mistake to buy them. They all have similar problems. Let's start with the worst one. My phone locks up without any indication other than it won't receive any calls and won't let me place any. It attempts to call, and never connects. It happens a few times a month. My kids' phones are not immune to this bug either but they lock up less frequently. Whether I turn it off during the night, or leave it on all the time it will eventually stop working. The cure: remove and reinsert its battery.Secondly none of the three phones I ordered had operational dial pad during calls. That means setting up voice mail was impossible, same goes for selecting options while on a call. Luckily "Master Reset" feature suggested by LG support solved that issue. Locking up though remains.LG support suggested sending the unit back to them, since it's on warranty. There doesn't seem to be any firmware update available (current one is from April 2010).Save yourself frustrations of operating this cell phone. Even if it worked as advertised, its unresponsive touch screen, and automatic menu access blocking would make for a poor experience.It's not even good as an emergency cell phone, because it locks itself up. Callers are redirected to a voice mail immediately... I can't imagine using it on daily basis and depending on it.

I LOVE this phone! In fact, it was the easiest phone to operate that I've ever owned!  As far as the "locking" device, I have no problem with that either , because I understand why it's being done...and for good reason.This make the EIGHTH cell phone that I've owned, and I can honestly say, by far this phone is the easiest to work.  At first I had a little problem in figuring out how to set up my voice mail. I grabbed my little phone and drove straight back to AT& T store, and the sales person was more than happy to help me!F.Wright, Michigan

I love this phone.  It's easy to get to know and an upgrade for me but not way beyond what I'm able to figure out.  It does everything I need it to do and texting is easy as can be.  It's everything I was looking for and so far, performance has been perfect.  Great price with just enough features for me.

I rarely leave reviews, but this phone is so awful, I feel like I should warn people! My main problem is that it freezes up at every opportunity. If I were ever to be in an emergency, I would not be able to use this phone to call for help because every time I try to use it, (several times a day),I have to remove the battery and put it back in to get it to work again. Also, it is difficult to scroll. The touchscreen is sluggish and I'm constantly accidentally clicking the wrong thing. Same with trying to text, my space bar seems to never work. I have always set my phones to vibrate only, which does no good because this phone only vibrates 50% of the time when I get a call or text. I've also found that gophones in general are difficult to add airtime to. I always have to call customer service, which they promptly charge me $5 for.

I purchased this phone because i always wanted a Touch screen phone. Little did i know i was happy i had a touch screen but shocked and dissappointed when i learned it is only 2G....... And since i use the internet alot to listen to music this was heartbreaking to me when i couldnt download things that even my old ugly worn out Pantech Intrigue could. I would recommend this phone for children and internet illerate to use. It did come brand new, packaging was GREAT and the $15 bonus was good, but im now looking for another phone to buy.

I purchased this phone for my 14yr old daughter as a birthday gift. She LOVES it.... calls it her mini Iphone....it works wonderfuly well and fits her active life.... the only issue i had with the phone was being an AT&T customer we put in her sim card and it had trouble connecting to the network at first... called AT&T customer service and in less than 10minutes they fix the issue and the phones been working wonderfuly ever since..... so if you have a teenager dieing for an Iphone and need a cheaper alternative i would recommand this phone !

I've had this phone for about a month, and am glad it came with $50 worth of messages/minutes because I've wasted a lot with a bug that's specific to this phone.  It can send blank text messages.  They seem to have something to do with the content of the message and the carrier of the receiver.  I.e. don't try sending a long text message that contains an apostrophe to someone on the Sprint network.You will be charged multiple times for the privilege of sending that one blank message.  AT&T; attempted to reset the phone twice, but it doesn't make a difference.  It seems to be a firmware problem.The regular phone part works fine.

Purchased this phone for my son in college for a christmas gift.  This phone has already stopped working and can't make phone calls.  LG doesn't want to support there product.  Also Amazon doesn't honor there own product that they sell.  SO NEVER PURCHASE ANY PHONE FROM AMAZON.

My touch screen stopped working and then started working again. Today, it happened again. I went online and did a Google search and found a forum where literally thousands of people were talking about having the same issue with their LG phone. Wish I had had the sense to do the research before I bought the phone.Until the touch stops working, it's a great phone. But what's the use of all the good stuff this phone has if you can't access it because of the faulty touch screen?

I purchased my LG Prime with 50$ credit, and the total was around 80.  Paid for itself.  I had my doubts, but after a few weeks I've grown to love it.The screen is very responsive, and has a smooth feel.  The phone is sleek, and I absolutely love the camera even though it's 2.0 mega pixels.  With AT&T; you get fast internet, and close to no dropped calls.  It also has a micro SD slot (expandable up to 16gb's), has a built in radio which I actually use which is odd consider I didn't ever listen to the radio prior to purchasing the phone.  It's just easy I suppose.The only problems I'd like to bring up is the tilt screen when texting.  You go from portrait to landscape mode which is fairly annoying.  The conversation mode makes up for it, though.Also, even after checking all of my messages sometimes the message icon still appears.During calls, the screen likes to lock.  A tip; if you need to enter numbers during the call - tap it every few seconds to prevent this from happening.  The reason it locks is so when you're chatting you don't hit buttons with your ear etc.This phone is very app limited, and a few of the pre-installed apps are just trials, but the phone is absolutely worth the money.

I have one word for this phone. AWESOME!! The screen does not lock up at all. This is my first touch screen phone I bought. So I cannot compare it to any others. This phone is a STEAL! For 80$, you get this 100$ phone with 50$ worth of credit. I am starting to LOVE AT&T now. I'm on the 2$ a day plan. I almost never txt or call anyone at all. So i'm ok with it. There are a number of free games you can download for it as well. The only cons I have for this phone is the bad service. I only get 2 or 3 bars at my home. That is AT&T's fault, not the phone.

This is the perfect phone for someone like me who lives only part time in the USA.  It has all the features I need, is durable, and although AT & T is not my provider of choice, I do like the phone quite a bit and the service has been better than expected. LG makes great products, and is my go-to electronics brand.

This seemed like an unbelieveable good deal, until I tried to use the Mobil E-mail and found I would have to pay a $5.00 per month subscription fee along with the usual data charge. I am very unhappy that Amazon didn`t do something as simple as to include that fact in the item description. It will be returned.

This is an overall good phone. There is only one con the fact that the phone is locked and trying to call at&t to unlock it is the hard part.Besides that this is a good touchscreen phone and I have no problems with it.

I purchased this phone to replace my New ATT GoPhone Samsung A177. Now that phone was pretty slick and looked very simiar to a blackberry. It got great ratings on Amazon. However, each key on my previous Samsung was about half the size of a sunflower seed!  Does your phone have buttons that small?  Now in the heck do manufactures expect people to use those keys?  I just couldn't stand it any longer and I had to get a new phone with bigger buttons.Enter in my new LG Prime!----Pros----What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This phone has pretty much everything you would need in a touch screen phone.1) Still Camera2) Video Camera3) Audio or voice recorder4) FM Radio! Which is unique!5) Music Player6) Scheduler, Calander, Note Pad,7) Clock and Alarms8) Email, Web, Text Chat, I.M.,And two of my most favorite features:9) Standard head phone plug jack which does not require an adaper. Not a proprietary connecter like some phones have.10) Standard mini USB port for charging and data transfer. Not a proprietary connecter like some phones have.11) Micro SD port so that you can put a micro sd card up to 15 Gigs in this baby and store all your videos and music and remove the card, put in a different card with more songs or transfer them from your pc to the phone.  So in other words, you're not limited to just storing data on the phone only.12) Speaker Phone! Contrary to what other people have said, this speaker phone works GREAT. I have had no problems with other people hearing me or me hearing them.... And more!What makes this phone easy to use is the fact it is touch screen!  It's almost like a little iPhone without the expensive price tag or cell phone contract. Apps are available but not as abundant as the iPhone. But for the price, you can't beat this phone!The MAIN reason I love this phone is the dial pad is touch screen and when you click on the dial pad icon it pulls up a large set of keys!  About the size of your pinky finger.  Easy enough to dial with your index fingers.Entering data for text chatting or schedules, pulls up a touch screen keyboard that is easy to use, the keys are big.As the date of this posting, AT&T; has two really cool plans you can use with the GoPhone. You can pay-as-you-go by adding a dollar amount to your GoPhone and just pay a per min. charge for your airtime. The other option is you can pay a single rate each month and get unlimited calling, text and web WITHOUT signing a contract!Additonally as the date of this posting, if you search on Amazon for the key word: LG Prime, there are some nice accessories you can get for this phone. Such as: cases, headphones, screen protectors USB data cables and such.The LG Prime GS390 is light weight, slim (not bulky). The screen is is about 2/3 of the overall phone's total size, which means that the screen is big enough to see the dial pad and other options without having to squint.The screen resolution is high enough that all the graphics and text display with smooth edges. The benefit of this means that everyting on the screen is nice looking and easy to see.The screen is very clear and bright when viewed indoors.  Outdoors In bright, overhead sunlight, the screen is bit harder to see but not impossible.  In the shade or showdows the screen is much easier to see.  Sitting parked in your car on a bright, sunny day without the sun directly shining on you, the screen is bright and clear and almost as bright as being indoors.----Cons----Nothing major that I can think of at the moment.The only thing that can be difficult to get used to is the touch screen controls. once you get used to that the phone is easy to use.---------Conclusion---------The LG Prime GS390 is a techologically advanced, touch screen phone that is very affordable. It has many of the high tech features of more expensive phones. Call quality and the graphical user interface and dial pad keys are great.  Best of all you can add a dollar amount to the phone and do a per min charge, or pay a monthly, flat fee and get unlimited air time.  All this without a contract.  A great deal!------------------------------If you enjoyed this review you might enjoy other reviews from me. Please click the text link at the top of this review called: "See all my reviews". I have more than one page of reviews and additional pages can be accessed by clicking on the page number on the bottom right corner of my total reviews page.

OH, I LOVE my new LG Prime Prepaid GoPhone! Its the best thing since sliced bread :-) You can instantly check on your current balance with just a click of a button and there are so so many other advantages to this phone. The keypad is nice and large and the numbers too. Activation is a snap. The extra airtime that comes with it is also a big boost. Amazon did an excellent job of packaging & shipping -- securely packaged so I received it without any defects. TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE IT!

This is the first time I have had problems with a cell phone.  I was with version for about ten years then switched to AT&T and got this phone for free at wal-mart at the same time a friend got hers.  After a year the screen froze up and now it will not hold a call when I can get the thing to work.  The friend that got one at the same time I did had the same problem with the screen freezing and got hers replaced but I will not get another one.

Phone is good for a basic touch screen phone. AT&T however makes it difficult to get the $15 airtime. Still have not received the credit. Dump the $15 Airtime and charge $15 less for product.

I never get phones with contracts to much hassle. Last phone was a ATT samsung and it got no service unless, you walked out side. The LG prime I get 4-5 bars inside and its the call is crystal clear, never had a call drop once.Phone is also great for text messaging takes awhile to get into the groove of it though. The conversation feature is nice you can few all the text messages from one person so you don't get your friends confused.phones great, its cheat and comes with a 50 dollar card its a steal

LG has designed a winner. After suffering through Virgin Mobile's locked down phones for over 4 years, I am utterly amazed at how versatile the LG Prime is. And the $50 credit (which expires in 90 days) makes this phone only $30 dollars here on Amazon.First of all, you can use a standard Micro USB cable to connect to PC, and attach a standard 3.5mm headphones to listen to music. No adapters needed. You also get FM radio, Bluetooth, an MP3 player, MicroSD reader, etc, etc. I mean it's worth the $30 just for the MP3 player capabilities alone.Second, when you connect this device to your PC, you are able see and copy any data files to the internal memory or the MicroSD card. None of the Virgin Mobile phones I've used in the past gave me this option.You can add Java ME applications with zero hassle. This is a major plus. There are thousands of free Java ME applications on the internet, which you can download using your PC and send them to your phone. For example, to install Opera Mini, you go to their website on your PC, download the full .jar file, and copy it to your MicroSD card (or the phone's internal memory). Next, disconnect the phone from PC, go to main menu, select "My Stuff", and finally select "Memory Card". You .jar file will be shown. If you tap the file, it will automatically start the installation process (fast and simple). No application restrictions, and that's definitely awesome.Everything else works great too. Screen is responsive. This is a small phone however (smaller that the iPhone). I also have no issues with the screen lock during calls. All you have to do is press the unlock side button and the screen in immediately unlocked.Additionally, AT&T; new rates are 10 cents per minute with no daily access fee (down from the original 25 cents). That's half of what  Virgin Mobile is asking.Overall I love it. I had high expectations when I ordered this, and wasn't disappointed with I received it.

GoPhones are a great alternative to expensive individual plans.  Switching phones was a breeze, all I had to do was swap out the sim card from my old phone to this one and I was good to go!  Touch screen is pretty consistent and responsive although occasionally it can be laggy.  great, durable phone for the money, would definitely reccomend it!

I love Amazon reviews because they are so accurate, so when I saw this phone for sale I had to write.  I purchased this phone for myself and my daughter in Nov of last year and they worked great for 10 months. At 10 months the touch screen simply stopped working, so much that all my contacts were irretrievable because I could not make the selections necessary to save the contacts to my sim.  My daughter's phone, with much less use, is still barely functioning at 12 months old, but the same issues with the touch screen started about the time my phone died.  Also both phones from the beginning were in capable of counting incoming text messages - instead of counting only the new messages the phone would count all messages, so when you received 1 text it would tell you you got 35 messages instead of 1.  Lastly, I found the contact page difficult to navigate.  You have to use your finger nail with a fair amount of pressure on the edge of the screen to scroll and it's such a narrow lane I was constantly veering out of it and hitting the call button on random numbers as I scrolled.  Ok, one last complaint, every time you performed a function in contacts, the phone took you back to the top of your contact list, which with the scrolling difficulties, made any changes excruciating.

So, I've only had this phone for one day, but so far I love it. The features are unbelievable for a "go" phone. The camera's pretty good, and it also has a video recorder. It has bluetooth and internet capabilities, and you can also download apps from AT&T. The touchscreen isn't overly sensitive.. so you have to get used to touching the screen with more pressure than what you would with an Iphone. There are also widgets you can drag onto your main screen, which is pretty cool. There's also a button to unlock the phone on the side if you don't want to have to push the unlock button on the screen. The ring can get VERY loud if you want it to. Call quality has also been fine so far. I will update if I need to, or if something goes wrong. I recommend this phone if you want a 'smart' phone, but don't want to pay $400 for one.

Don't expect to get the same coverage and customer service with "GoPhone" as you do with regular AT&T. AT&T's GoPhone is apparently run by a company called "Vesta". Coverage was choppy at best (even in places where other AT&T phones worked fine). I don't know if it's the phone or the Vesta GoPhone service, but approximately 1 in 5 texts that I sent did not get to the recipient, and the same with texts I got from others. Called several times, and Vesta's (It's not really AT&T) customer service said everything is working fine. At one point, I sent texts to people in the same room as me and several did not go through. Called again, sent a replacement phone (very good on there part) but had the exact problem. Ended up signing a contract for a phone that works! I do not recommend. Go with Straight Talk or Virgin Mobile.

Skip this phone.Some things are appealing about it. I like the size and really want to like the phone, but it has serious manufacturing defects. This will be the third time I've had it spontaneously fail on me, as well as the other bugs mentioned below. I've had this phone replaced 3 times now in about a year. The phone was never dropped or abused but the touch screen will randomly shift and make the phone unusable.The LG Prime is a defective phone that has shipped and LG has yet to fix the problems with it. There are discussions on the LG Forums discussing the same problems that many of their customers are having and nothing has been done. I'd strongly recommend looking at another product because of the number of unresolved problems. This phone should never have been sent to market.Texting problems: Apostrophes will cause blank or broken messages if not using the T9 mode. Also sometimes the T9 mode button will indicate it's on but it isn't and you have to hit the button a second time for it to actually work.Screen problems: The touch screen shifts sideways so that if you hit a 3 you get a 1 and makes the phone unusable. You can't even hit the buttons on one side of the screen because of this. After a little while the touch screen stopped working entirely. (First time it failed.) The second time my touch screen failed, only the upper half of the screen shifted, when I was in the middle of a call! I can't figure out why it shifted but I'm giving up on LG and on my way to buy a new phone.

Pros and cons:Pros:+ Good reception and decent call quality+ Good battery life (can typically go 2-3 days or more between charges)+ Loud ringer+ Bright and fairly sharp screen+ Pretty good menu system+ FM radio, MP3 support via MicroSD, Bluetooth transfer of pictures+ Decent picture qualityCons:- Annoying screen lock that can't be adjusted- Screen scratches easily- Calls sometimes billed higher than the actual usage (issue with AT&T;, not the phone)I've used this phone for a few months now.  In comparison, I've also had several other prepaid phones, and had the iPhone 4 for several weeks before deciding to return it.  This is no iPhone or any smartphone, but it still has pretty good feature list for a prepaid featurephone.  The touchscreen is reasonably responsive (has a resistive rather than a capacitive touchscreen like the iPhone or Android smartphones, so it requires a bit more of a push to register presses).  I'll just mention a few complaints I have with the phone:-The screen scratches very easily.  I scuffed mine up pretty well in the first week by just keeping it in my pocket (not with my keys), so I ended up using a cheap case with it.-The phone locks after only several seconds of no activity, with no option to adjust this.  This is supposed to protect against accidental keypresses while you're making a call, but is annoying when you make a call and are trying to dial an extension or use an automated service, only to have to unlock the phone again.  You can unlock the phone using a button press on the side, but sometimes the phone is slow to respond.-One drawback with the AT&T; Pay as You Go service is that calls sometimes seem to be billed higher than what is supposed to be charged.  I have the phone set to display a balance summary after each call, and sometimes it appears to overbill $.10 for a call.  We're talking about $.10 now and then, but it's still adds some distrust about AT&T;'s billing practices.I'm hoping with the cheaper smartphone hardware coming out that prepaid smartphones will be in the horizon this year, but overall LG Prime works well and is the best touchscreen prepaid phone I've come across so far.

Everything about this phone is awesome. It has.. Fm radio, video camera,and many more features. The one problem i found is that its creaky. Its not to bad but thats the only problem...

I purchased this phone in November of 2010 and the phone was working quite well for about 2 months. Then the touch screen went haywire for no absolute reason. I've had this phone replaced 3 times and AT&T won't even give you a different phone or even a phone of lesser value to replace it. They just keep sending me the same phone. So in my opinion this phone is horrible and a complete waste of money.

When I first checked out this phone, I knew that this was the phone for me.  Economical, easy and updated from my previous phone.  I ordered it, used it with no problem...until about five and half months later.  The screen either wouldn't respond or would light up a selection next it to or on the opposite side of the screen.  I can still take calls , sometimes I can look up numbers in the address book, but I can't text or use any of the other funtions. I looked online for some tips regarding this issue and there are LOTS of people having this problem.  It's an issue with the model of the phone, LG wasn't much help and Amazon did what they could.  My advice...always, always, ALWAYS read your customer reviews before you buy!!

i got this phone in 2010 it was awesome. just didnt last mre than a year. touchpad calibration messed up where i couldnt put in my password so it didnt work. sucked. byt awesome phone. i miss my fm radio on it

This phone is practical and affordable. It is by a great cell phone company and it comes with many of the tools offered by other devices. The music player is great as is the touch screen service. The only downside is that the camera is not the best quality. Nonetheless, it is effective for capturing still moments with the proper lighting. Overall it is a good investment.
