
it works great in costa rica. i just put the sim card in and it worked just fine. i had a gsm sim card, but i upgraded the same sim card at the kolbi's ice celular office, it took them 3 minutes, i kept the same number and sim card and the phone its great. i love the nokia ovi store, many free application that work down here as well. its just a cool phone, i get clear and fluent reception everywhere i go including internet. overall, it was a smart and cheap purchase... if u like it, dont doubt it, go for it...

My order was for a black Nokia 5230. I got a white one. I kept it cause it looks good but my order was black which was shown correctly on my order sent to my mail. Unfortunately suddenly the order copy was changed to phone color white without any explanation from Amazon or the seller. I wish somebody told me the color switch.Amazons follow ups should originate from the seller. Im not sure I want to take the risk of another order being switched without my approval.

I have had this phone since the the beginning of May 2010. It started ok for a cheap smartphone and Nokia sent a software upgrade around the beginning of June. I thought this was a good sign with Nokia, since I liked their previous phones. But, I have not had a software upgrade since and the phone is way toooooooo buggy! First, do not store too much in memory, it cannot handle it and gets very slow. Then get used to your phone just freezining or turning itself off. It will even freeze in the middle of a phone call. Their are so many little pain-in-my-butt bugs, it drives me crazy now. They were not so bad in the beginning, but keep getting worse. Now, the radio... Sucks! They use a cheap IC and have the antenna built into the headset, so you MUST have the headset attached for the readio to work. I like the alarm clock on this. The only problem is you cannot snooze or stop the alarm clock when it is sideways. Other things will disappear when the phone is turned sideways, including that long text message you write. The touch display is very bad at responding. Sometimes you go nuts trying to get it to recognize your finger press or swipe. I hate the stupid camera, it really sucks and has no feature or no LED light for night shots. My old Motorola RIZR had a 2M camera and took far better shots and had a ton of features for it. The GPS is OK, when it does not freeze. I actually like this if it was not so slow and buggy, it is pretty accurate. Nokia needs to spend more time with writing good applications, most fall short of simple. The software is so slow and you need to use your finger nail to try and scroll. The menuing is awful and can be very confusing. You will get lost! You cannot even charge the stupid phone on your USB! What morons!!! I feel duped that I bought this. Save your money and buy something better, Nokia is not reliable for a smartphone and they do not support their software. This phone has a lot of potential, but Nokia has decided not to support the software and fix the frickin bugs and this, to me, is extremely important in my phone. I will not buy another Nokia until they come to their senses. It will be Android or Iphone in the future for me, something that has better support. Save your money and buy a better phone with less headaches, this one misses the boat!

Work well with T-mobile network.  The touch response can be slow at time but overall work as expected.  Due to the lack of the real keypad, some Java games will not work on this phone.  Call quality is good and battery life is above average.  GPS will take awhile to locks into the signal.  My locations and A-GPS will required connection to the internet via your carrier data plan.

This phone same to be unlocked for any carrier and it doesnt, i try to use it with an international carrier and the phone shows that its a unvalid sim card

Pros:Maps are cached and updates are free.Cons:1) does not charge from USB2) USA Maps (1.4 Gb) takes 9 hours to download under landline broadband - and then stopped after 4 hours because the battery ran out. It will not charge from USB port - ridiculous!3) Maps User Interface is non intuitive and inconsistent in the menus.4) No Wifi. You must have a data plan (costs extra).I bought this phone because of the built in maps. Unless you really cant afford it, I would say, choose an Android phone (its Wifi means no data plan needed - however Google Maps is not cached) - AND a regular GPS unit.

I love this phone!!!! it may not be an Iphone or a droid but i love it...im not constantly on the internet but I do use it and so its great that the data plan is only $10...would definitely recommend!!!

I bought the unlocked Nokia 5230 in May 2010 and so far there have been no problems... until today. Let me tell you all about the good first.Great LCD screen.OviMaps is free; Ovimaps has saved us on long trips!Touch screen works well.Never had a problem with hearing someone or them hearing me.Speakerphone works well.Comes with a 4GB memory card.Not much phone memory.The non-butt-calling feature on the side is great (locking feature)The camera is adequate.The Facebook app that the phone comes with is fantastic; uploading pics is so easy!I was able to pop the SIM card out of my old phone and into this one, no problem. I have $5 texting and unlimited internet for $15 on AT&T.; Very reasonable.And the bad...Keyboard is a bit small; I always make mistakes typing, and many time I press a key but it doesn't register.A stylus is an option to buy, and would make using the keyboard a lot easier.The Ovi store needs more apps, though the free ones they do have are good (like Endomondo for exercising)Can't buy movies, which is a pity (but a blessing in disguise b/c I'd be using the phone ALL THE TIME)Battery life is good if the phone is the only thing used, but when you add in music and/or internet, the battery is drained and needs recharging within a day.Using the contacts is kind of a pain: if you have one contact with a home phone and cell phone saved, and then call them, the 5230 only shows that person's name (not if it was a call to their cell or home); this is a problem when using the "Recently Called" list to call that person again; you don't know if you're calling their home or cell.Double-tapping the touch screen is a must much of the time (that's the way it's supposed to work), but sometimes you can single-tap the screen; I still haven't figured out when I can single-tap.There's a limited amt of personalization for the home screen.The Help search feature on the phone could be more helpful (for example, if you search for "phone memory," nothing is found).Some of the things I use all the time (like pairing a phone) are hard to find and there should be a shortcut or at least a feature to create a shortcut from your home screen.There are few accessories to be had for the phone, like an exercise pouch thingy (what are those armband phone things called?)There are definitely a few things that could be improved on the phone, and many of my "bad" items are nit-picky. Overall the phone is great for the money (I paid $125 with tax and shipping in May 2010). It sends and receives calls just fine, I can get to my email and Facebook, and I can text. It's small enough to fit in my pocket. It has a typical headphone jack (not the mini). I can get to the memory card easily and switch them out when I need to.But today while I was jogging and listening to tunes, the phone just stopped. In the middle of "American Idiot," there was no more singing. When I looked at the phone, it went nuts on me - went to a blank screen, then there were lines in one corner of the screen, then it went back to normal, but lost the time and date. It was weird. I tried to shut off my phone, but it wouldn't shut down. I kept messing with it (turning it this way and that) and I finally got it to shut down. Phew! When I restarted it, the same thing happened. So I shut it down again and I took out the memory, reinserted it, and powered it back up. So far, so good. It's charging right now, but I'll find out more tomorrow when I play tunes again. Lame. I hope this was just a weird glitch. I googled this issue and it seems I'm not the only one having this problem, specifically with the 5230. From what I hear about smartphones (though this one isn't classified as a smartphone per AT&T;), things like this happen a lot. And I know other phones have issues with phone memory and having to restart the phone often, definitely more often than once every (how long has it been?) eight months.To sum, I'm happy with the phone. But just in case, I'm going to figure out if this phone has a one year warranty. :\ Hopefully it does.UPDATE: 1/29/2011 The phone has been working fine since the little glitch. It seems to be a little slow at times but nothing out of the ordinary and it doesn't last. I guess the reboot did the trick. Phew!UPDATE 9/4/2012 I just bought a replacement battery for this phone. All the functions on the phone are still working, so I thought I'd save a hundred bucks and keep the phone that's served me well over the past couple years. I really love this phone, esp the GPS function that works without data/wifi.  I couldn't find another phone that had the same functions without having to spend money on data.Nokia had updated their maps and programs, so I needed to upload new maps recently, which took an hour or so. That was kind of a pain, but it was a one-time thing and everything is working fine.I also have not had the issues with the screen anymore. I keep the phone locked when not in use, or in my pocket and that took care of the problem. (I really think the phone got "confused" when the orientation was switched back and forth too quickly over and over.)  Anyway, just wanted to let you know I still have the phone, and with a new battery, I am one happy camper.

I bought this phone for two reasons:1. It's a well-functioning phone (I like Nokias) with a touchscreen and my sister has one so I could play around with it before buying.2. It's unlocked and doesn't cost an arm and a leg like many other unlocked phones do.I've had it for just over a month now and so far so good! I really like it!

La entrega no fue a tiempo de navidad pero funciono para despu&eacute;s de reyes.  gracias el producto llego en buena condiciones. lo recomiendo 100%. Caracas . Venezuela.

Has anyone tried to contact Nokia tecnical support ? I had really bad luck with it and wondered if the same happened to anybody else.I have problem searching for addresses in the offline mode for both my Nokia 5320 and 5800, therefore renders the navigation capability useless without being connected to the network to receive data. Called and e-mailed tech support several times and basically got the same sripted answers. It appears that Nokia staffs are ill trained and not equipped to handled trouble shooting and the company has no effective means to monitor or receive feed backs ( I got cut off twice when asked to speak to a supervisor).Nokia's offering free Ovi maps and navigation is a sale gimmick, in effect try to portray its products pack value, a phone + navigation system for a reasonable price. However in order to use its GPS navigation capability, it has to be connected to a network. At $10/month minimal for a data plan, it would be cheaper and better to buy a phone and a dedicated GPS device.BTW, some reviews here and somewhere else on amazon suggest that navigation in offline mode is possible. Kindly enlighten me. Thanks.

Nokia had many GREAT phones in the past but this one is just POOR.  I had many Nokia phones before and they all had great usability.  The Nokia 5230 Nuron, however, makes me very disappointed.  I *rarely* refer to user's manual for electronic gadgets but this one got me.  I work as a User Interface Designer and I consider myself pretty techie.  I struggled a lot when I use the phone.  Thought maybe it was my problem.  No.  Gave it to another coworker to test it and he also got stuck on entering the most basic: Contacts.1. I spent 30 minutes trying to figure out how to use QWERTY to enter my contacts.  I had the Alphanumeric keypad up and I tried to find how to turn the QWERTY on.  Click on the icon that looks like a keyboard.  And they trick you!  A dropdown comes up and it only has 'Handwriting' and 'Alphanumeric keypad' on it.  No QWERTY.  I tried turning the phone horizontally.  Nothing changed.  Little did I know I had to turn the phone "anti-clockwise" to trigger the QWERTY keyboard to come up.  If you turn it the other way it won't work.  Fine!  Now I learned.  But that keyboard icon just totally got me.  If a keyboard can't be turned on from there, then don't make the icon looks like a keyboard for goodness sake!2. The MAP interaction is unintuitive.  I have the phone for 2 days already and I'm still trying to figure out how to use it properly.  First of all, who would use a SmartPhone MAP for the sake of looking at it these days?  Its main purpose should be for user to "get directions" to a place!  Not for the Nuron.  I open the MAP and I don't know what to do.  I see an "Options" button.  I click on it and was hoping to see a "Go to place" link.  No.  Instead I see a bunch of useless links.  The MOST important link isn't there.  Then there's a "Search" button.  EVERYTIME I click on it, I keep forgetting that I have to ERASE everything I typed in before in order to enter new entry.  OH and to make it worse, you have to repeat that for 3 total fields (ZIP code, Street Name, Street Number!)  (Why not combine Street Number and Street Name????)  Then you have to click 'Options' again to hit 'Search'.  Then it tells you how many miles afar... (I didn't know that the number of miles is THAT important.  It's the first thing I need to know?  I DON'T CARE!!!)  THEN you click that Address again (took me awhile to figure that out) to hit 'Drive to'.  Took me 30 minutes to find that out.3. EVERY time after I put in the battery and switch it on, it resets the Date/Time/Country.  You have to reenter EVERYTHING again.  Shouldn't a SmartPhone be able to detect where you are and the timezone??Many more but I don't want to go into it.Bottom line, with this kind of price ($165)?  Go for the iPhone.

for a modern tech savvy person this would be a very basic phone. i own motorola droid, but i bought this one for my upcoming european trip, as i needed unlocked GSM phone.  a note: it's not the same touch-screen technology as most of modern phones use. it's more like "point and push" which is a lot less responsive but decent. do not get this phone if you have big hands.+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious?)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer. for everyone else: (i agree with one previous reviewer) why not get an iphone or android based phone for the same price

At first the product was great, then one day I removed the charger from the phone, and the guts (inside) of the phone came out with it.  I went to AT&T and they would not stand by their product.  I was told this was my fault and not the fault of the phone or poor construction.  I threw the phone out.

I had a Nuron and had an accident with it. I now have a Blackberry Torch and am very happy with it. The Torch is vastly more user-friendly than this complex piece of European engineering "genius".

This is a good and durable cell phone, though I bought this 2 years ago at $75, so I guess is a little overpriced right now, compared to all new options available on the market these days

Not too great product. GPS works very slow and can't find the place often. The touch pad works not very well too. Not recommend.

got this unlocked phone for this Christmas but wanted to try it out on a trip to England.Not used much yet but so far so good. Got it working with an H2O sim card (uses AT&T;)in the US for $10 and a Tesco sim card (uses 02) in England for $15. Downloaded US and UK maps and voice guidance files from nokia and got the GPS working fine in US and England.

I buy this phone because in the amazon page say clearly that is unlocked. But for my surprise when I have the phone in my hands I know it belongs to T-Mobile company and obviously is locked. After several e-mails and the promise of OEM company that they send me the internal code to unlocked the phone, I know its only a lie because finally I receive a e-mail, saying that I will have the option of return or change the phone. NEVER BUY ANHITHING IN THIS COMPANY, definetely its better to pay some dollars more and obtain a really new and unlocked phone

I've purchased Nokia5230, but am very very UPSET with this product, having ealier Nokia's brand 4 Cell Phones, so only purchased this, but am unhappy. Product is not same as Advertised., Free Internet not at all have to pay charges even though unlocked, what sense does it make. Scrolling is very very slow, I think they've mailed me an Duplicate or an Damaged piece.Reputation of Nkia where does it stand, manufacturing such an outdated model with a price of $ 149.99 is unbearable....I would like to have FULL REFUND on Agreeing shall return the piece, as is not a good purchase and not a good productdo call me on +1 562 552 1362

This phone is just awesome! Hip, Stylish, with lots of options.My friends are just so jealous! I only wish I could read on it, like Kindle books...

Just over a year ago, I got one of these for free with a two year contract with T-Mobile.  Fourteen months later, I'm still delighted.  It's no Iphone or Android, but as a platform for phone calls, texting, music, and GPS, it's been great.This is a basic smartphone using Nokia's symbian operating system. Using the internet or a PC, you can connect to Nokia's "OVI Store" to download apps, update map files, etc.  I basically just wanted a phone, but the non-smart phones seem to be falling behind, and the smart phone features are nice, even without a data plan. Small touches like a hidden off-screen touch point to launch the media player, smooth switching between portrait mode and landscape mode, and other nice interface design add up, and I have ended up really liking this.There are a few minor annoyances, but I can live with them. In particular, it's a pain that Nokia has a proprietary charging point instead of charging through the micro-USB port that Nokia uses for data connections. The contact book seems limited - you can only store 2 phone numbers per contact, which is a pain when someone has work, mobile and home numbers, and there is no way to assign personalized ring tones. Since it's a smart phone, those issues may be resolvable by getting the right apps, though. The biggest drawback is that there are nowhere NEAR the number of apps for this that you can get for an Android phone or i-phone, but you have to figure you get what you pay for. The phone is thicker than an i-phone and feels a little plasticy, but still fits fine in my pocket. (I invested in a screen protector to cut down on scratches).  I wish that it had wi-fi so that I could use the internet features when in hot spots.As a phone, it's great. Reception and call quality are as good as anything else I've used, and it works well with my Jawbone Icon bluetooth headpiece. Texting is also good - it only took me a day or so to get used to using the virtual qwerty keyboard with my fat fingers, and at this point I can type quickly with few or no misses. The phone defaults included vibration feedback when you type keys, but that was easy to turn off, and also has handwriting recognition. The music and video player is fine but hasn't blown me away. Like most phones, the camera is adequate for spur of the moment shots, but has no flash or optical focus, so I still carry my point and shoot if I think I may need photos.The nicest surprise is that this phone comes with OVI maps - a decent gps and routing program that is completely free.  You can download maps over the USB cable from your PC, so the map program works fine for a cheapskate like me who won't pay for data.I'm too cheap for a data plan, so I just have a phone plan plus texting.  (If I was getting data, I might spring for a used Iphone 3g or gs or an android platform).  There is no wifi, so I use the PC connection to load songs, maps, apps, and videos. Unfortunately, Nokia's OVI store will only download directly to phones over a data connection, so if I want apps, I need to get them from the non-nokia sites. (Grrr! Nokia could at least allow me to download the friken FREEWARE to my PC!)The screen is not as responsive as an i-phone, but is fine. Instead of a stylus, Nokia included a "plectrum" - a guitar pick thing that you can attach by a lanyard. I've left mine off and just use my fingers or the back of a pen. The scroll bars are occasionally hard to work with my fingers, but I usually get them by the second try.The phone can take up to 16 GB of memory, and includes a 4 GB chip, which is nice of Nokia and has been adequate so far. (Of course, if you want the street maps for the whole US, that costs 1.4 GB right there, so I may be upgrading my memory soon).All in all, I'm very pleased. The phone does what I want - makes calls, sends texts with a qwerty keyboard, and does a lot more. A great value for the price.Accessory recommendations: My favorite accessories so far have been:-Jawbone ERA Headset:  A pricey bluetooth earpiece, but awesome for those who aren't bothered by the fit issues.-SanDisk 16 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDSDQ-016G (Bulk Packaging): So that I can carry tons of music, video, and maps.-Accessory Combo For Nokia Nuron 5230: Screen protector, belt case, car charger, and silicone skin.-Rapid Travel Home Wall Charger (CLA) for Nokia Nuron 5230: The proprietary charging port is enough of a pain that I wanted a second charger for the office.-Black Mesh Gym Armband Case Cover for Apple iPhone: Originally bought for an iphone, but great for using this phone as an mp3 player/radio/etc while working out or mowing the lawn.

This mobile phone is amazing. for me is one of the best phones on the market. ensure maximum product. I recommend 100%. Greetings from Venezuela.

Bought this phone to use it abroad. It works great with no problems. The interface is very responsive and quick. Sync'ed it with my contact on my computer and started using it immediately with no hassle.

This Nokia 5230 is a super little powerhouse of a phone.  It has all the features you would want in a phone -- excellent camera, super-fast GPS and mapping features, very large storage capacity, etc.  The only negatives are a relatively short battery life (it must be fully charged every day) and confusing offers from Nokia, charging for downloads that don't appear and which, it turns out, aren't compatible for this particular model.  But that's Nokia's doing, not Amazon's, and really, the apps I tried to add would have been fun, not necessary.  I'm very pleased with the phone and thrilled that it was unlocked. My plan was to use this with an international carrier, but when my other phone drowned shortly after this one arrived, it was able to step in as my #1 phone.  Outstanding value.

This was my second touchscreen phone, and overall it is a great phone. GPS is accurate if sometimes a bit slow. Signal reception is better than any phone I have tried(AT&T Wireless). Before now, Motorola RAZR's & RAZR2's gave me the best signal but this one blows them away. I mean full bars where others have 1 or 2. My only somewhat gripe is when texting it will misspell words. I type slow, and the correct letter expands indicating a hit, and a different letter enters in the text. Dunno if it is just a defect in this phone or a problem with the touchscreen software, but that's why 4 stars instead of 5.

I bought this phone here because at the time it was $30 cheaper than what T-Mobile wanted non-contract.  When I got it, I put my SIM card in.  Calling worked fine, but I couldn't get the data service to work.  After talking to many different people at T-Mobile (with several different answers), I concluded that the right answer was that the unlocked phone wasn't allowed by the network to use the data services (at least not 3G services).  Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this phone and T-Mobile was willing to cut their price some since I had to buy it from them and wasn't happy about it.Regarding the phone itself, it's a decent inexpensive smart phone.  I still use it today (nearly a year later).  The screen is small compared to more expensive phones.  The touch screen actions are at times inconsistent (but you learn how to use it).  It manages my gmail accounts nicely (though it can only be set to auto retrieve at most 2 accounts).  You can do basic web browsing to get information you need.  You wouldn't want to use it all the time or you would go insane due to the small screen.  Speed is okay with 3G, painful with Edge (roughly equal to dial up).  But the basic browsing capability has come in handy several times.  Also, the remote lock and wipe features are nice ever needed.The biggest drawback is the Symbian OS.  Everyone has pronounced it dead and it's tough to find apps for it.  Tons of iPhone and Android apps out there do not and never will have a Symbian equivalent.  If there were, I would use my phone more.  As it is, I use an iPod touch wherever I can get wifi and only use my phone when I can't use the iPod.To be sure it's no iPhone, but it gets the job done - if you buy it from T-Mobile.

Don't bother, please. I listened to CNET...more the fool I and let my partner talk me out of what I wanted (a smartphone.) First, the sim card went nuts...had to be changed. Then it wouldn't get a signal, in the city of Chicago..I mean IN the city where it had a signal and the other T-Mobile phone had a signal. Now it won't keep a charge. Battery dies within 10 hours..without any excessive use (a few text, no Internet, no calls.) Ah, and to make that more interesting--doesn't ring. Shows it is on OUTDOOR ring (which is the loudest ring). When called, goes directly to voice. A piece of rubbish.

Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.GPS: does nor show correct "My location". However, the GPS works w/o any data service and helped me a few times on a road. I like the feature.Negative: no Wi_Fi. Camera: too low resolution, no good pictures

I have to say that this phone is an excellent value in every aspect. It has any feature you could want except wifi but this phone is NOT considered a smartphone by AT&T; so you DO NOT HAVE TO PAY THE $30 DATA PLAN FEE and you can use the $10 per month unlimited data!!  I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee. The camera works great even though it has no flash. You just set it to night mode and can get a better picture in low light settings. The internal data is plenty generous and you can also add an SD card for more memory. My husband particularly likes this because it means he can use it just like an iPod or any other MP3 player and it also has the built in radio so he can listen to it while at work (he is a residential/commercial remodeler) if he doesn't want to listen to his stored music. You can still answer calls right from the earbuds while using the radio feature. The touch screen is great, the screen size is great. It has fast response time from input or touch. We have absolutely no complaints at all.Some people might not like the idea of not having wifi, but if you think about it, if you buy any similar phone you're going to have to pay the stupid $30 extra monthly fee even if you do not use AT&T; internet. With this phone you can just get the $10 unlimited data plan and be done with it. The internet works great on this phone and is fast in our experience. Very happy with the purchase and the price is amazing. Call quality is great as with all Nokias. No issues whatsoever and highly recommended!

I am tech savvy.  My wife is not.  When her iphone was stolen, I wanted to get her a phone to use until she was eligible for a new iphone.  I have some old unlocked GSM phones, but I figured that she would like to use a touch screen phone that would be compatible with text messaging and some emails.  It was a nice thought.  Unfortunately, the software on this phone brings back memories of old windows mobile PDAs and cell phones.  Whenever possible, two steps are required instead of one.  The interface is clunky and is prone to periods of intermittent unresponsiveness.Physically, the phone is solid and appears to be slow, but reasonable hardware.I know that this phone is less expensive that an iphone or droid, but unless Nokia has an altogether different platform that is used on higher end phones, they are a dead company; banished to low end, low profit margin inexpensive handsets.

The Nokia 5230 is an amazing phone!! I absolutely love it! In my opinion our phones are extentions of us and Im at a loss for words when it comes to this phone. It is very user friendly which I was concerned about when I purchased it but I wouldnt trade this phone for anything. There are so many apps. that can be downloaded to personalize it to me. And since it is unlocked when I put my sim card in and turned it on it went straight to my carrier without any hassles.

Have been considering upgrading these phones just because we HAVE had them 4 years but not sure I'm going to. We like good phones, these are good phones with smart enuf features. I think I'll run them until I see a better deal or they die.We got ours FREE on a buy one get one from T-mobile in May 2010, Amazon also had a 1c deal.Phone quality is fine, reception is fine, Ovi maps are great, surfing a little slow but who wants to use a cell phone little screen for very long anyway. Under the radar semi smart data plan for $10. Fits nicely in a pocket, looks good after 4 years of being in a black rubber case on mine, and a clear plastic case on my partner's. You are not going to be able to download many apps since Nokia is not supporting this anymore OR the Symbian operating system.Nice candy bar size is easy to run one handed, definitely washes out in the sun, a little heavy for their size but sturdy enough to have been dropped MULTIPLE times over 4 years. If you don't spend a lot of time on facebook, surfing etc etc and just want a phone that is a great phone, has great maps WITH voice commands for directions, decent speaker and loudspeaker, FM radio, and a good enuf virtual keypad that works surprisingly well, this may be your phone. Remember we got ours FREE four years ago, so got to believe there are better deals out there, even used. Good luck.I wish Nokia had made it through their evolution of this solid symbian operating system. It just WORKS. And I would gladly buy an upgrade in this or a slightly larger screen size but want pocket size. Never going to buy a Microsoft/PC phone, ever.

I bought this cell phone on black friday and when I recived it I could not be more happier. I tested it in all posibles ways and I am impressed with  all funcionsI just love have free ovi maps for my gps and I dont have to buy it anymorethe only little thing is that no wifi included for this model but for his price was just a bargainand the best part is it works in every country with GSM network (In other words, ALL)You only can say enjoy it!

THE PHONE IS NOT WHAT I WANT, I WAS NOT ABLE TO GET THE INTERNET, T-MOBILE TRY AND NOTHING WORKS. I SPENT HOURS WITH THEMTRYING TO MAKE MY PHONE WORK. I HAVE AN EXPENSIVE DEVICE THAT I CAN USE AS A CELLULAR PHONE. MAYBE IF I CALL NOKIA I CANSOLVE THE PROBLEM BUT I DID NOT HAVE TIME TO DO THAT.

I cannot believe that I have had this phone for the the last 3 years it has never fallen down or anything nasty, the sound quality is still good, the picture quality though not good it just works fine. Though the features are not quite as advanced, its just the basics of what I need.My first touch screen phone, its definitely  a smart phone. Especially I love the log button on the side. This makes it hard to accidentally power up the phone when it is in a laptop bag or in your pocket, which saves on battery power. It also avoids the 'press this on-screen button to unlock' annoyance. I'll definitely be using it for yours.

I physically sigh when I realise it's that time of year again where I have to upgrade to another cellphone. I feel like these days it's as important a decision as re-mortgaging. It seems that every other day there is a new cellphone with new capabilities and I end up feeling like an over the hill and out of date old fogey than the 30 something that I am.Mr E is frequently breaking and destroying cellphones due to the fact he works on building sites and I have therefore only got friends and work colleagues to keep updated about what is in and hip (Christ almighty did I just say that?). So after realising that 90% of the people I know are plugged into the latest I-Phone or smart phone which I seem to have some phobia about, I realised I was on my own.Is my cellphone smart?Now I am by no means stupid but sometimes I feel like I don't know what cellphone companies are harping on about. After a bit of research I discovered that a smart phone is exactly that, smart. They seem to have more capabilities as `normal' phones and many of them have added features such as touch screen, social networking and media players. I knew that an I-Phone was a no no for me and to be truthful I was sceptical about getting a touch screen at all but relented when I say this Nokia 5230. I have always liked Nokia as they are pretty simple and easy to use. I figured that I could upgrade with no cost to me (always a bonus) and that I would manage to get some nifty little features in addition to this.The BasicsThe Nokia 5230 is a reasonable size at 111 x 51 x 15 mm and weighs in at only 115 grams. This for me is the perfect size, not too light and little that I lose it, and nowhere near brick proportions. The screen itself is pretty big too (360 x 640) and it is a quad band phone meaning you can use the phone on most continents. It's actually a smart looking phone and comes in both black and white although the covers are not interchangeable.MusicThere seems to be quite a lot of features available for the music player side of this phone although I admit I don't use it. You can have dedicated music keys and can playback MP3, MP4, AAC, eAAC and WMA file formats. There is also an FM radio (always handy when you run out of something to read). Nokia also comes pre-loaded with Nokia Ovi Player which again I can't comment on as I haven't used it.Camera/VideoAs always it seems that cameras and video quality gets better the more cellphones get released. This Nokia has a 2 megapixel camera with 3x digital zoom as well as a photo editor built in. The picture quality is very good with the few limited photos that I have taken. It certainly won't replace my usual camera but is handy when you are out and about and haven't brought your camera with you. The video recorder is 640 x 480 pixels and up to 30 fps (with a TV of high quality) and decreases for the type of output you are using. The video also has the added bonus of both automatic and night scenes as well as colour tones of normal, black and white, vivid and negative.Web BrowsingIt seems that it doesn't matter where you are or what you are doing you have to have the capability to access the internet, at least that what it seems like. This phone has the usual web support mark up languages of HTML, XHTML and WML. It also has a Nokia search and surprisingly integrated GPS. There are also some handy shortcuts already set on your home menu for links to the likes of Facebook and Ebay. I have used it very occasionally and can't complain at any aspect of it. It was very straightforward to use and the download speeds were pretty good too.MenuThe Menu screen is easy to change to whatever style you like. You can choose to have a screen full of little shortcut widgets or a list, or like me have nothing but a small shortcut bar at the bottom of your favourite or most used add-ons. Like nearly all Nokia's the menus are easy to navigate with basic menu choices such as; Calendar, Internet, Contacts, Call Log, Messaging, Gallery, Music, Settings, Applications and Help.MessagingThe messaging side is again straightforward although it takes some getting used to having a touch screen rather than hard keys. Thankfully the screen is big enough that even those less nimble than others should be able to manage a text message. You also have the capability to set up, send and receive email.Other BitsWell you have a memory card slot so you can essentially use a storage card to increase its memory should you want to use it more for music or photos. It has Bluetooth version 2, a micro USB connector, flight mode feature, automatic switching between GSM bands, integrated hands-free speakerphone, vibrating alert and probably many more which I have forgotten to mentionThe Drop TestIn my house it makes no difference how great the capability it, or how many features there are. The most important things are that it stands the test of time in a home where cellphones are just that, cellphones. Neither me nor my husband care what the extras are, they are merely there for killing time if we are bored. Essentially cellphones have to live up to the drop test (and with a husband who is averaging 8 phones a year it's quite important). I have had the phone for nearly three months and so far it has survived the following.Test 1: Being dropped over the balcony in my block of apartments (I live on the top floor) and whilst I was trying and failing to open the front door. It dropped two floors hitting the banisters on the way down but miraculously had not a mark on it?Test 2: My husband being slightly worse for wear and stepping on it in work boots. Small scratch on the back of the case but otherwise unharmed.Test 3: Whilst throwing a ball to hubby at soccer on a Sunday morning I inadvertently threw my cellphone too so a football boot at high velocity managed to meet my cellphone unexpectedly! The phone gained another scratch at the side of the phone, but no marks otherwise.NegativesIf I am being honest I had to actually try and think of some. I can truly only think of one and that is that when you send a text message you have to touch type the text and instead of there being a direct `send' button you have to go to the options choice at the bottom of the screen and choose from the menu to send it. Aside from this there have been no issues with it at all.OverallOkay so you can all see I am certainly not one for judging a cellphone by its capabilities more by its practicalities. In this sense the phone is perfect. I get great reception; texting is easy as is taking photos. It certainly stands up to the durability test which is a godsend for me and in addition to this the battery life is outstanding. I think for a free upgrade cellphone I have ended up with a smart looking and durable phone that I think would have most accessories to please the majority of people.

I bought this phone because it was offered as a 3G 850/900/1900/2100 HSDPA capable unit. IT IS NOT!!! Even the user manual mentions it is just 900/2100 so it doesn't work in 3/3,5G with my cel company. I have to do with Edge which is not bad but not the high speed one is used with real 3G. Otherwise the phone is very very nice and good (like it more than the N97 although does far less things). I could have kept my old unit which had Edge capabilities. Pls Amazon pls: correct your wrong description at the soonest (AND READ THE MANUAL)! Maybe this is not the only wrong one, Buyers BEWARE!DANGER!!!

It's pretty good so far. Was hoping for a more automated currency converter though. That would be good

After I dropped my wife's phone into a lake, it was time to get a new phone. Her phone was a prepaid T-Mobile, so we looked around for a decent replacement.  Costco had this phone for sale for prepaid use at a very reasonable price, far less than above.The good:Free maps from Ovi Maps.  Free navigation can be had by downloading maps and voice and telling the navigation program to work offline.  Our phone came pre loaded with the entire US, which takes about 2 gig of the 4 gig card which was included.Free access to the Ovi App store. We have been downloading some free apps and so far, no charges against our minutes... knock on wood.Small size but very high resolution.  It's about the length of an iPhone, but only about 3/4 as wide.  The screen is 3.2" but has a resolution of 360 x 640 pixels. It only has a 2mp camera, but that's plenty to shoot great video.Bluetooth is fully functional. You can transfer files using it, unlike some other phones that only allow earpiece or speakerphone use through BT.It comes with a 4 gig card, but with maps and pictures and music and whatever else, I can see it filling fast.  It can take up to a 16 gig card.The so so...It comes with a little "guitar pic" thing to use the pressure sensitive touch screen.  You can use your fingers too, but sometimes the things you wish to click are too small for fingers, so the pic is the better choice.  Time will tell whether the touch screen is durable.No wifi.  Wifi would have been nice, but I guess this is what you give up at this price. Oh well.As a phone...Calls are clear and no issues with call quality.  It has a proximity sensor so you don't accidentally press buttons when you hold it against your face.  Dialing or texting by feel cannot be done since there is no physical number pad, it's totally touchscreen.  Dialing is easy though, I have not "fat fingered" a button yet.

Pro:Please refer to [..]for a complete review of Pros of the phone.Con:1. The sensitivity of the touch screen is not adequate. Sometimes, you need to put much force on it. Moreover the scrolling is not easy. It is common while scrolling, you double click on something by mistake.2. The phone is greed to use up the battery's energy. For instance, if you only use music player for about 4 hours, then the phone's battery will decharged within the next 24 hours during which the phone is actually in stand by and everything is off. Besides, the actual standby time of the battery is not 432 hrs as it is advertised, but about 200 hrs, not more. Considering this issues, what's the use of all the functionalities of the phone when you should turn them all off to save battery energy.3. The alarm is a devil. You cannot set the alarm's volume to the level you desire. I contacted Nokia customer service concerning this issue and they suggested that I use a tone with a low voice. Although, this answer does not solve the problem in general, I examined that and noticed a bug of the phone's firmware. I reduced the amplitude of my favorite tone to 10%. When I set the alarm tone to this one, I understand that this is not a simple problem. Because, the phone, when starts to alarm, the volume increases from that 10% to as much as the phone can make noise. The next time I checked with 2% tone. No use. Really silly, because the increasing state of tone has no upper threshold.4. The design for SIM card and RAM places are kinda trouble. In the package there is nothing help you to bring out the SIM card. And RAM won't come out easily.5. No wifi6. The one I bought, has a Chinese RAM. While transferring data to the RAM, it sometimes goes crazy and prevent data transferring. It doesn't matter how you this. I tried that via both the phone's usb connection and a seperate RAM-reader usb connection. Well, I cannot expect more from Chinese products.Overall, if you seek some mobile phone with such functionalities offered by this phone, don't waste your money on this. Instead buy some more expensive but reliable one.

I've had my Nuron for over 2 years and I went from thinking it was an okay phone to hating it. I did love it when I first had it but wore off after a month. First off; it's slow, slow, slow. The touchscreen not receptive at times, pressing the button over and over again to get it to respond and when it finally does you wind up pressing another then spend forever trying to close that one out. The call volume is terrible. I would put it on speaker then turn it down just to hear. The lock only works sometimes. I had to make it a habit of checking my phone often to make sure something wasn't running.This phone is supposed to be a smart phone wannabe and I can stress the wannabe strongly enough. It's not even close to being smart. There are a few apps. I recommend swype; there is a bit of a learning curve but it great after figuring it out. Another is pocket lock.I honestly think that anyone considering this phone should consider looking at another especially for the price or any price for that matter even free. I finally got rid of mine and replaced it for an unlocked Samsung Focus i917 Windows phone refurbished for a little over $100 and one that I highly recommend. I haven't written my review yet as I want to wait and use it before I do

This phone comes with good excessories, however I was disappointed that i had purchased the phone as unlocked and when i recieved it it was not unlocked to fit european sim cards.

I purchased this phone knowing well its functions and limitations. Basically our TomTom device died and I didn't want to spend $150 to buy another GPS device and then have to deal with buying maps whenever I needed or so forth. This phone has GPS and costs the same so it is no brainer. Also, we have family overseas and we travel annually so it is handy to have a GPS device that covers the whole world and has so many languages for driving instructions. In addition, we can use the phone any time we travel as well - just swap a new SIM card.The phone's quality is good. There are some nuisances, but not important enough to make me dislike the phone. Voice quality is good. It doesn't have WiFi and some people are put off by it. But you get what you paid for. Nokia has dozens other phones that have GPS and WiFi. 5800 comes to mind as being very similar and having WiFi. For me it is non-issue. I specifically purchased the phone unlocked because I don't need internet on the phone and I don't want to pay for data plan or have a WiFi capability. GPS was my "killer app". Speaking of apps, Nokia has an extensive library. Not a gazillion of apps like Apple does, but certainly enough for myself. I pulled a few such as games and other stationary apps (not requiring internet). The OVI application works flawlessly. I wish it worked in Linux, but it doesn't. You have to have a Windows machine (I am not sure of Mac).The interface is great. People claim it isn't as good as iPhone, but it doesn't have to be. That's what N8 is for. The interface is as good as you want it to be for $150. The touchscreen is very responsive. The camera is OK. We use it knowing the pictures won't make it to a magazine cover. Again, that's what Nokia N8 is for.Overall, this phone serves a niche in the market and caters to certain needs. If you like Nokia and are looking for a little more, you can look up 5800 and other models. You won't be disappointed.

I am very happy with the Nokia 5230. I don't have a data plan and don'tuse the phone to connect to the internet. What I like most is the incorporatedGPS. It can be set to work as an independent GPS, without connecting to theinternet (you need to disable the AGPS: Assisted GPS). It is wonderful to be ableto download maps from all over the world for free. It has been a frustratingexperience, though. Sometimes the software claims that there are no maps on thephone or that the phone is incompatible with OVI maps. I reinstalled the phone'ssoftware and then it worked. Then it did it again: it claimed here were no maps on the phone,while the maps were in fact there. You just have to keep trying. It may be a problemwith the OVI server. I finally managed to put all the maps I wanted and the guidancevoices and it works well. I would not recommend the phone if it were more expensive(I paid $149). There is no WiFi. One more thing: you cannot delete maps selectively:you need to delete all of them and then download new ones. I recommend backing up thememory card to the PC after downloading the maps.

No complaints here. Recently purchased this phone brand new for $91 (Including S&H) and gave it to my 11 y/o daughter. We both loved it so much we bought another. Our last 2 phones were a Razr & LG Slider which pales in comparison. We have T-mobile pre-paid accounts so it was extra easy to just pop in the sim card and we were good to go. We found the phone very easy to use but are still learning. The camera takes excellent quality pics in day light only. No flash. Comes with a 4GB memory card. (In the process of getting a screen protector and case for it.) The included users manual is very limited with info so had to go to the Nokia web site and download the full version of the users manual in order to learn more fully about the features this phone offers. Haven't had to use the internet features that much, so far, but learning more & more each day.

Not worth the money. This a very rugged phone built for the Mexican market. The menus and features are quirky and hard to use. The display is not the great and games or any add ons and programs are either non-existent or hard to find. I bought this for my wife and she has not liked it from the start. Basically wasted money, because now I need to buy her another one.

This phone over all comes in at about a B-. The phone itself is great, excellent reception, sound and call quality. The interface isn't bad. People who cut down Symbian typically never gave it a chance, or used it. It is a FINE interface for just about everything you would need to do. It doesn't look as cool as the newer DROID or iPhone GUI, however look at the price compared to them, and you don't have to sell your soul to AT&T; or T-Mo. Battery is OK. Email support is better than before. OVI Maps is really good for navigation, not so good for finding points of interest. I would recommend Google Maps as a back up for finding Points of Interest, getting that address, then putting them into OVI Maps and use it's navigation.PROsCheap Unlocked Phone (For use with AT&T;'s 3/3.5G network)Free NavigationDecent EmailSound Quality/Call QualityNo Contract NeededComes with some pre-loaded AppsCONsSymbian OS can take a little time to learn - it is NOT difficult - it is LOGICALBattery could be better for a 1320mah BatterySmall Data CableOVI Store - Getting Better All The TimeOVI Maps iffy for POI'sNot the fastest phone/GUI out - but ample - even for a heavy userNO Wifi - But for it being so cheap you can't complain

I really wanted to like this phone. The dealbreaker is that it doesn't support 3G on Tmobile network. It is roughly 3 times slower compared to an TM506 when downloading. On the product page if you look carefully, it does show that 3G is not supported on Tmobile. This should be emphasized more -- here in the US you basically have two options AT&T; and Tmobile, and if you have Tmobile you are pretty much out of luck.Hotmail ActiveSync -- Exchange implementation on this phone only partly supports hotmail activesync. After doing a software upgrade (which wasn't obvious) on the phone its hotmail email support is actually not bad. It synchronizes 2-way with your inbox and other folders. It also synchronizes with hotmail calendar, but only the main calendar, couldn't figure out how to synchronize with other calendars (like the birthday calendar). Contacts is the worst -- it didn't synchronize in my case. I probably had a couple of hundred contacts maybe that is the reason.There is also a nokia email app that supports multiple services which has a decent interface. I don't think it supports custom folders on hotmail though.I've read bad reviews about its touchscreen, but it is not too bad. It is no iPhone, but given it doesn't require an expensive data plan and its price, it is certainly perfectly fine.Browser seems to be working fine.Didn't have issues with GPS locking, it was pretty reasonable. (similar to TM506, maybe a bit slower than iPhone)I haven't tried gmail synchronization yet.It does take a bit of an effort to get all its software updated and configured.I probably would have kept this phone if I had AT&T;.

I had this phone for 48h and then I had to send it back. Not only touch screen in my phone was terrible, but also I had to turn it off a few times since it stopped working. Email is difficult to configure, almost impossible.

We bought this phone to replace an identical T-Mobile phone.  Everything works fine except for the internet/GPS because it is not loaded with the T-Mobile software settings I cannot get on the web.  I have searched all over the internet and also made sure all the settings are the exact same as the old phone (it had a cracked screen after being dropped).  However I still cannot use the internet on the new phone.  We took it to the T-Mobile store but they said they could not help us (phone not sold by T-Mobile)  - Did offer a new internet package, for 20 bucks more a month that they thought would allow it to connect.*** After more research I was able to change some settings I had to change the access point name to [...] in order to get it to work.  The GPS still hasn't found me yet, maybe there is yet another change needed.  FYI - This is a differnt access point than my other Nokia Nuron (T-Mobile supplied).

I travel a lot and this is what I needed at a very reasonable price. I never owned a smartphone before, so I must say I love it. Its been a month and I am still getting my way around it. For now, here are some of the pros n consThe OVI maps are preloaded. I can find the restaurants near by or explore the area.Love the OVI store and the free appsSound quality is good.. can't get better than thisSetup Email(s)with easeBattery life is good upto 3 days, if you are not using much2 MP Camera. Good when using during the day.Cons:No Wifi.Maps: Its a bit difficult for me to use the maps.. When I add the route and say start drive, it says correct for few mins and if you happen to drive over or under a bridge or flyover, it tries to recalculate the route. Its not helping me much. I downloaded the OVI suite for PC so that I can sync contacts or maps with my phone. It is the worst, it does not even recognize my phone. So I ended up transferring files via Bluetooth.Memory: very small. 4 GB is not enough you have to delete cache from browsing now n then.Overall, I like the look and feel of the phone. You can't expect more for such a price.
