
this is an awesome phone ever love i love it and this phone is to good to have when you travel

It's a good phone for me. Not fancy, but has the slide keyboard.Make sure to lock the front though, or you will be pocket dialing.

I my son has this for less then a month & it doesn't work.  You can't text or get your phone calls, just has a white screen.  It is not worth the $35.49 that I paid for.  You would think if it said &#34;Used - Good Condition&#34;, it would last longer the one month.  If I could I would rate it a minus 5.  Now I have to purchase another phone for him, which we don't have the money for.  The seller can't be trusted, I hope others that have received phones from this person has a lot of better luck then we did.

Nice little phone a little hard to handle if you have larger hands but I received mine without the ability to make or receive calls. The phone was never used and in superb condition. Strangely it's like it has no antenna because no matter what it does not show the "1X" signal but it gets great EV signal (used only for data not voice). The seller has been very awesome in working with me on this the authorized an RMA and said they will ship me a new one once they receive the defective one. Verizon could not for the life of them figure out the problem and their level 2 support said they had no idea what the problem was.The only thing is I cant find one article online about this issue. It always says searching for service and I have 3 other verizon phones that show strong signal. But the seller is great I contacted them and got someone on the phone within seconds and they said to ship it back for a refund or a replacement and the process is super easy so my problem is not with them by any means. If you have a problem they will take care of you.

the software was so old it could not be updated and activated.  the phone was advertised as being able to be activated to verizon and it was not possible.

I like it, the battery last long, about 4 or 5 days with little text usage. I don't use a phone much but its a good texting phone, the only problem i have with it is when i turn it to text the left soft key acts like i touched it when i never did and it does it a lot sometimes but then others it doesn't.

This item was a great price and with free shipping!!! I recieved this item in time for christmas and it works great. Thank you seller.

Before reviewing this, I read some of the other reviews.  My son's experiences are as follows:  1.  This is a basic texting phone and does NOT require a data package from Verizon.  2.  I do not have a problem with the included charger. It does charge the phone.  3. The charge lasts a long time.  4.  All of the buttons work perfectly after several months. 5. My son uses it and doesn't text often.  6.  It wasn't expensive so 4 stars for an inexpensive phone that texts and talks fine is fair.

It broke within the first 30 days from when i bought it. defective. I did not like it.  would not buy again

This phone did not work from day one, everything that could go wrong with a phone went wrong with this phone

This was the first phone I ever got that I enjoyed, as I'd always been prone to throw-away pre-paid phones in the past. This little guy was great...for the most part. For the first perhaps 3 months, everything went without a hitch. It went through about 1500+ texts a month and never let me down. It's small but sturdy, and lived through many falls. However, after a while, it would have little irritating glitches. For example, it would decide I was using the touchscreen buttons when I clearly was not, and most of the time would send texts prematurely (as the "send" button is located on the touchscreen) and at it's worst, would begin deleting my contacts one by one in my address book. Not so fun! I got used to it and found ways to get around it, such as putting the recipient to texts in after writing out the text (when it tried to send it would merely say "No recipient!" and let me back to my texting), and locking it periodically as to avoid loss of contacts. It also had a problem after a while where, if the battery was dying, it would not notify you. It was particularly troublesome because it would show a full battery bar but then suddenly die, too shy to tell me it was dying. And after about the 100th or so fall, it would turn off on impact. I suppose it may be an upside to a cracked screen or messed up inside but it was a little inconvenient.All in all, it's a great little phone. I think a lot of the problems I had may have been avoidable if I didn't drop the thing so much, but all things considered, it really held up against the mighty floor. I got it mostly because I needed a phone without a data plan and it fit the bill, but I really came to enjoy it. A word for the wise, however. One of the arrow buttons takes you right to the web browser. I opened it enough by accident that it showed up more than a couple times on my bill. Reassign the button to something else unless you want extra fees.Cheers bro

My wife lost her Motorola A455 phone and had to be replaced. Rather than buy another type cell phone, we chose to search Amazon for another Motorola A455 because of the ease of operation and the reliability of this model. Judy highly recommends the Motorola A455.

This item arrived promptly, activation was easy and phone works well. everything was as advertised and no complaints here. Thank you for the great service!

It's not a smartphone or a droid, but overall I am very impressed. The only bad thing was it has tiny keys!!!

The phone screen stopped working after one month.  Couldn't see who was calling/texting.  This was the second one that we had and the first one did the same thing.

Due to a family member who had trouble hanging on to his phone and cracked his screen, we were looking for a basic replacement phone. I was pleased to find the exact same phone (model and color) available for order at Amazon. However, this excitement waned after receiving the phone (from my first replacement order) and finding that the touch pad was so sensitive that it would sense touches from behind the screen. You could not hold the phone without it thinking you had pressed the touch screen. As a result, we returned the phone.We then ordered the phone again. While the second phone was slightly better than the first, the touch screen was once again overly sensitive. It would send messages prematurely or sense the wrong characters when others were clearly being pressed. The phone in its current state was useless, even for accurately dialing phone numbers. We also returned this second order.Unfortunately, we wasted enough time with the two attempts at ordering the phone. Today I bit the bullet and went to Verizon to get a replacement phone along with the requisite contract extension which I was trying to avoid.I highly recommend against buying this phone. It might be that we got the only two bad ones produced recently, but I didn't have time to test this theory.Footnote: although I'm not a fan of the phones, I want to compliment Amazon on their return process. Both times it was easy to do.

the  battery life on this phone does not last only but a day. other than that its a great product

I have no problems with this product itself. Then again I can't review the product they sent when they didn't send the battery for the phone! After looking at the sellers page I shouldn't be shocked. Their own description is missing nearly every third letter...Purchased the phone on 9/22 and received a package quickly (9/26) opened it and everything is there, all neatly wrapped in plastic. Except the plastic sleeve for the battery was EMPTY. How do you not realize you put an empty plastic sleeve in a box???  Even the invoice states that the only item missing from this "NEW" phone is the manual. Very unprofessional company, I would NEVER purchase from them again and warn anybody to be wary of them.Verizon Motorola A455 Rival - White (Verizon) Cellular Phone

dfwsf d fs er ew e  ew  ew ewwe e ew e  ewew  ew ew  we we  we ew we

We are returning this phone. It doesn't work right and verizon can't activate it. It keeps power cycling even when plugged in. I spent an hour and half of my Christmas Day trying to get this to work. Very disappointed :(

I love this phone model: it is efficient in size and battery and has the features I want in a basic phone. I ordered this one to replace my 3-year-old original that finally failed and have been generally pleased with its performance. On occasion, I have had to hard reboot it after freezing or other glitch (issues that did not occur with the original), but not major issues.

Would not charge on any charger. Just kept giving us an error message, charger not authorized. Even with the charger it came with!

I like this phone, it is just temporary and it is doing the job. It is doing the job until I get my iphone.

The phone is pretty great, i love it. The customer service i recieved made the process essay and no stress at all. Thats rare when it comes to good customer service. I am very pleased with everything and would recomend buying from here to anybody and everyone.

I have had quite a few phones over the years and this is the worst phone I have ever had.  It's brand new, the charger doesnt work, it shuts off, it freezes, the screen just goes black, it takes terrible pictures and all around just sucks. I'm sorry to anyone who likes this phone, but personally  I will never get a motorola again.

VERY SATISFIED HAVING ONLY PAID $39.99 BUT I DID END UP WITH A BAD CHARGER. I DID ORDER ANOTHER CHARGER ON AMAZON FOR UNDER $4.

Great Phone. I needed a replacement phone for the one my son lost and this one was perfect. its a basic phone for talk and text and it works well.

The phone works well. The touch screen options don't work great for me, but I went from an all touch screen to this so it could be my expectations were a little high! If you are looking for something pretty basic this phone is a great choice.

Terrible costumer service they sent me a broken phone and when I got a chance to send it back to them they said it's to late to return it I suggest nobody by from

The first phone we were sent could not handle text  messaging. We had to send the phone back but the vendor gave us no problems with this. The replacement phone works fine.

Believe it or not, this was the best cell phone I have used.  I had it for more than 2 years before experiencing any problems and it eventually died.  Easy navigation, easy operation, and more options and tools than I'll ever need.  I liked its simplicity and wish there were more of them available new.  I'm not so connected to media that I need an iPhone or Droid.  I need to make and receive phone calls, need voice mail, to be able to send and receive the occasional picture, and send and receive text messages.  The Rival does all of this and more, if you want it to.

This phone doesn't work. I got it, and it wouldn't let me activate it. Called the cell phone company and it still didn't work. Called the seller, they didn't help either. DO NOT waste your money on this. I'm not the only person with problems with this phone. Total waste of my time.

This little phone is pretty and nice.My husband needed a phone for his business that looked nice and was functional and this little phone fit the bill.

DO NOT BUY THIS CELL PHONE! My mom found this phone and ordered it without my consent because we needed an easy pay. The first day I got it i knew my mom made a mistake. This phone is very sensitive. When I was entering my contacts they kept saving when I wasn't done. When you type on this phone it will keep going to options again and again until you just give up whatever you are trying to text. Or it will send the text message when I'm not done typing it. The touch pad number screen does not work half of the time. I just saved 911 in my incase of emergency contacts because i could not dial anything on this phone! I only had this phone for a month and I am fed up to it. I am warning everyone don't get this phone!

I chose this rating because the phone only worked well for less than one month.  It completely quit texting after three weeks. I probably will never buy a cell phone through mail order again.

I have had this phone for 4 years and it never worked from the beginning I bought it from verizon brand new me and a friend and a family member all bought one at the same time. first off it jumps from screen to screen in the middle of the night, calls people at random. After about 196 texts you have to delete them or the phone shuts off. My keys havent never worked and the R key only works once in awhile. trying to make a phone call is like pulling teeth because it only calls voicemaill. I have 4 chargers and only one works because the rest say unathorized charger. The phone also dies all the time. They replaced it twice once because the screen went white and second because the screen just froze. the others that have it had the same problem. The off/on button also quit so now I cant hang up. So save yourself $200 because after three of these I think I know they are all lemons. The only reason it has one star is because no star wasnt an option

our mistake.we dont use text message sorry for waste of time etc.i m not computer literate.(old fart) 3 more wordsw!!!!

the quality phone is great. not see used or refurbished.it's like new!!I think made a very good buythanks

phone wasn't what i thought it should be, couldn't call sometimes, didnt ring on the other end, had to keep taking the battery out & put it back in to get it to work

I have had 2 phones, and a friend of mine went through 4 phones, none worked well, it is a complete piece of junk. All of them randomly push buttons when you go to open it and enter text. Often times when you open the phone it will randomly select buttons, often sending a blank txt all by itself, or worse deleting all texts on its own. Actually since the button selections are random it can do anything, the least severe being sending blank txts, the worst deleting txts or forwarding a txt to someone you didn't know about because the phone randomly selected the buttons. Many times the phone will go dead because it will select buttons and keep the phone active so the battery dies

this phone is awful!!! ive tried 2 of them and they both cut off whenever they feel like it. every time i try to reply to a text it shuts off. do not like this phone at all!

the phone is nice but since it is a slide keyboard it started to separate.  if you push too hard on the screen, like if you have it in your pocket and the screen is pointed out when you are laying on the ground, the screen will break.

this is the best phone that i have gotten for my husband. he loves everything about it. i like it cause of the way it fits in his hands. all over great phone. not a complaint. i would buy another one. this phone has more features then my husband will use. 5 stars... i liked my husbands so much i ordered me one today. i really enjoy the look and feel of the phone.

I bought this phone for my son's birthday based on the good reviews posted on Amazon.  It is a horrible phone, very clunky.  When you slide the keyboard out either the "contacts" or "messenging" functions open without a button being pushed.  When my son is typing a text message it will often send the message prematurely without being prompted and before he has had a chance to finish the message.  If you look at other websites that have customer reviews regarding this phone there are many bad reviews that point out the problems I've outlined above.  I only wish I would have looked at some of these other website's reviews before purchasing this phone.

Hubby dropped his phone and we needed to replace it inexpensively. His previous enV3 didn't require a data plan on Verizon and so that's what we wanted in a new phone. We had problems with the enV turning itself off - known battery problem - so we wanted something different. Other online reviews indicated this phone also didn't require a data plan. However, when I went to change the phone through MyVerizon, they did require me to pick a data plan for it. They wouldn't allow data to be blocked on it like the previous phone.As for the phone itself, it's on the small side, the materials feel thin plasticky, and the speaker is a bit crackly. It has a bit of heft to it. The slide out QWERTY keyboard is handy. For less than $50, it's worth the $ and it'll do the job.

This phone is nice and compact and the slide-out keyboard is so much better than those on other phones I've had. This was just a replacement but I hope it sticks around for a while because I really enjoy having it.

I bought this phone to replace my sons phone until our contract was up. He hates it. It has not been a good phone since day one. It shuts itself off, will turn off during a call before you can answer. Would not recommend. Not worth the money

THEY ARE PHONY PEOPLE THAT ARE MAKING MONEY OFF ON SELLING BAD CELL PHONES. THEY DO NOT WORK. THEY ARE A RIPP OFF.

this phone was okay for what it is, only it broke after a month of using it. Cant say i would recommend this phone to anyone.

I had the phone three months and the phone tore up. When I receive the phone it was great. Packaged well and in good condition. One day I picked up my phone and the screen had zig zag lines all through it. I was unable to return the product because the warranty was up.

The phone comes with a charger (as it should), but the phone doesn't recognize the charger ("unauthorized charger" appears on the screen).  So, you can't charge it.  The available drivers on line don't download for it -- because the phone isn't even on the market anymore -- but it is being sold here.  Frustrating and infuriating!  Hours have been wasted -- and I still can't use the phone.  AGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!If anyone, knows their way around this -- please let me know.  I'm on an island with no access to a store to help me.... and I can't send the phone back from here.

I can't say much. When I got this phone it didn't work. I did love the look of it though. It has a sleek style that is attractive and the flip out keyboard would definitely come in handy for someone like me who can't standing texting on a touchscreen.

Great product, great condition.  I have used this phone in the past.  Great for basic needs ... texting and calls.

Will not type the letter a, touch keys are to sensitive they activate they will go off just touching edge of phone. Powers off and on for no reason and no chargers work for it. They power on but don't charge it. Worst phone I've ever owned.

works great and very kid friendly!  Great camera and the keyboard are easy to use.  If you have big fingers, the keyboard be too small, so be wary of that.  But overall, great phone.

The screen stopped working after six weeks.  the touch screen key pad is difficult to use.  (touchy screen key pad maybe?)

Got the phone as a back up and when I tried to turn it on it wouldn't work.  Called Verizon and they couldn't get it turned on either.  Now I spent almost $50 on a phone that doesn't work.  Never buy this phone.....

This phone screen went out in the first week. Sent back  to company and am waiting on a new phone.We will see how the second one holds up.

My son love it and easy to text. No need of paying data plan, no extra $30 dollars and the cell look like new.
