
Good phone, works well anywhere, get out of the plane buy a new SIM card and voila. Very inexpensive so, you&#8217;ll not be upset if you lose it, like I always do.  This is my seventh 8520 in 2 years.

Adquiri dos equipos y llegaron en el tiempo estimado y en perfecto estado y con todos sus accesorios, tambien liberados como se indica... Todo muy bien y sin inconvenientes, feliz y satisfecho con esta compra... Lo recomiendo!!!

excellent product! it came exactly as described! Perfect for international users like myself! I recomended to everyone, works just fine in the US, Latin America, Europe and Asia!

but I cant navigate without data plan on why? I have wifi in my home and I can't use only my wifi

This is an excellent S m a r t P h o n e at a reasonable cost . .

Excelent product, 100 percent recomendable. works perfectly here in argentina. the only bad thing is that the headphones are not very good, but the cellphone works good!!

I was a little scared to order but it's a good thing that I did!!!!!!! My blackberry came  in blackberry box, in perfect condition with all parts included!!!!! Not a scratch. I recommend buying this from Amazon!!!!!!!!!  Buy this item from Amazon I order this 5:45 am Friday 21st, 2011 and received it on Wednesday 26th. I live in The Bahamas and was shocked to see how fast I received this item!!!!!

I would recommend this product as the first BB device you should have, is not the best, but is really good for a first impression

I got this phone for t-mobile.  It came exactly as described and seems to be working perfectly!  I have no idea what these bad reviews are all about.  Honestly, do not let the bad reviews make you decide not to buy!  Love it!!

El mejor regalo para mi esposa, est&aacute; feliz. No deja de utilizarlo y en menos tiempo de lo que me imagin&eacute; lleg&oacute; el BB:::::: Gracias y Felicidades.......

I paid almost 200 bucks for this phone and it doesnt even turn on OR charge .You've pisssed me offff.

i thought it was an unlocked phone why is it locked to t-mobile,im expecting a good product from you but you disappoint me how can i change this product to really unlocked phone?

excelente

i got a phone that was suppose to be brand new but i think it is refurbished the button does not work

I purchased this item from FGS, with fulfillment by Amazon. The phone arrived, looked nice, and seemed to be exactly what I was looking for. As I was planning to take it to Tmobile to activate a few days later, I played around with some of the features. After about 3 hours, the screen went black, the phone turned off, and no amount of battery pulls made the red light come on, or the phone turn on. Disappointment.Amazon's return policy means I got my $200 back, but the delay was annoying. If I had to guess, I think that while the phone was an unlocked phone, it was not new. Most likely a refurbished. If you've had trouble with refurb equipment, that's what my experience stunk of.Caveat Emptor.

I bought this black berry for my girl friend and she is very happy. She said me: It's wonderful, It's Beautiful and I will give you a gift!. Thanks to Amazon and the seller.

It was all I asked.I think there is a small factory mistake with all the white blackberries, which is the keyboard get loose a little, and the central bottom get stucked a little.

I Received 2 BB in Venezuela and All I Have To Say Is Good Comments... Accesories Included In Each Box And Working 100% Right !!

I saw complaints about the phone not being completely unlocked and the phone being damaged or it was old because they saw data from a previous user. I didn't see anything on my phone that showed it was previously owned. I do regret buying this phone just because it was so expensive but it was really good for texting quickly. If you have money to spend and you want a blackberry for whatever reason, this phone is nice for texting. I wouldn't recommend it for web browsing, same goes for any blackberry phone.

i like my phone, is so easy to use. The send it was easy and safe. Just may i to say that, the send between an article and other has a difference on the cost. This not should be, because they are the same article.

Good day;I'm coming home after a trip and I received this package without the phone.Only the accessories has been reached.Please check this caso.Ya gentlemen that I think this is very delicate.It may take you remove the box without the phone or I sent them to the addressyou show me.Please send the gift certificate in the amount of this purchase.Andris Manrique

Disculpen la tardanza en la calificaci&oacute;n y comentarios... excelente producto, 100% nuevo y original! de regalo para mi esposa y quedo muy satisfecha con la compra

It is a very cute smartphone :) Great for girls~~~ The shipping is fast.The only thing I don't like is that the outside board has a narrow gap after I used it for 2 weeks.... Maybe it comes from the time I dropped it into the floor.... protect your phone well. It is fragile.

I love my old Blackberry Curve, and I tried to duplicate it.  It groups the texts into conversations, which is imperative.This one does not, so it defeats half the reason I got it.

It nice and it not refurbrish, brand new, open to any Mobile company WW, and it came with all the descriptions that said in the link, thanks amazon.. by thru amazon not thru other distributors.. or sellers in amazon that sells mobile GSM celphones.

I used this phone for a while and it worked great! came as described.. enjoyed it while i used it and i would order from here again!

good afternoon, I wonder if the phone can be sent abroad Venezuela "I have a mailbox in Miami but I live in Venezuela! would like to purchase a cell phone but the description of the team says it is only sent to UU.EE appreciate your response!

hasta el momento es un telefono que vale la pena comprar buen sistema aunque tuve que actualizar el software pero rinde lo justo... la bateria dura bastante....

I made a purchase from the blackberry 8520 and am very disappointed that the phone battery does not work and the cell phone does not work should make further checks of the products, when international purchases as it is not fair that we pay for a product that end we have to repair

works well. except for the battery not holding a charge. but, i had and extra one so its all good

not as advertised.i bought it as an unlocked phone, the phone came locked. so i over paid for something i had to go out of my way; spend time and additional money to get it unlocked. it also doesnt run at 3 g if you live in the us.... just a bad experience.

I paid for white blackberry and you sent me purple one. The mouse is hard to move. I'm not happy :(

It was not working really well. And the screen freze to much plus the speaker do not sound well either.

The phone was exactly what I was looking for. It was completely unlocked and worked with networks in Canada and Barbados with no hassle at all.The camera zooms 5x which rocks and the shutter speed is super fast.This was definitely money well spent. I would reccomend this phone from this trader to everyone.

To my suprise after not even 2 hours I start using it, the trackpad stopped working. Totally disappointed.My question....how do I send this product back if the 30 days already passed.

I must say I was pleasantly shocked when getting this phone. It came with everything I needed (USB cable, earphones, wall charger etc) and the color is very pretty. My only setback was that the initial language was Spanish so I spent some time trying to switch to English. Other than that, and the fact that the camera doesn't have a flash its definitely worth its cost. It comes unlocked and its pretty easy to figure out. I'm very pleased with this purchase!

I HAVE A QUESTION? CAN I USE THIS BLACKBERRY CURVE 8520 QUAD - BAND UNBLOCKED CELL IN COLOMBIA?

got this one as a gift for a friend and she found the middle bottom(menu) was not working properly untill stop working and unable to unlocked sent it to the motorola technician on mexico who told us the phone it s not brand new as offered on the description. it s a used one with some parts being replaced.it s the first time i m having this kind of problems with amazon.i would like to give this seller none stars but unfortunally it s not posible.

La Compra SE REALIZ&Oacute; pecado Problemas de ningun Tipo, El articulo llego pecado Detalles contrariedades y el pecado. Gracias por la venta de this article.

Does it work with wallmart smart talk? I am really interested in purchasing this phone and curious about the connection.Thanks

Estoy totalmente satifecho con la compra y el envio de mi BlackBerry Curve 8520 Quad-Band Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth and Wi-fi - US Warranty-WhiteBlackBerry Curve 8520 Quad-Band Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, Bluetooth and Wi-fi - US Warranty-White, todo en perfectas condiciones.

the phone does not work for a key.and have warranty I would like to know that I get my fix the problem

I purchased this phone to use with t-mobiles month to month plan, while it does make calls and text fine, you have to be in a contract in order to use your personal email without hacking it.  So if you don't care about using your personal email, and only use your corporate email, then you should be fine.  Everything else about it is great, good quality screen, good looking phone, doesn't feel too cheaply made.

OK, I am a teenager and love to text. This is the best phone I have ever purchased. The comments below are false! This phone works incredibly well!! The only down part I will admit about this phone is the clock. It is a little confusing. It changes into military time when it hits 12 pm. I used to have the BB with the ball and it always got stuck and eventually broke. When I got this phone the touchpad is amazing! Anyways, I would recommend any business person to buy this phone, or teenager who loves to text!

This is the probably the best blackberry their never maid, i.m purchad two o then, and very please, i'm recomended for your child's ....excelent

Very good phone, enterprise-level BlackBerry are excellent, very robust and necessary applications, not as nice as an iPhone but it does the job.Regards

I love the Blacberry style and I can see with White ! But I received it with a dead battery for which I do not appreciate! I bought a battery so I could use my phone, I sent the dead battery back to you for a refund, however you wanted the whole phone back or you would not give me a refund , only a measly $10.00 credit for another order in the future! This was not customer friendly treatment! I will not do business with you again for that reason! you need to change your return policy! Patsy A Schreiber/Shaul!

I purchased this item to use it outside of the US because it said it would work internationally but its impossible to make it work with the internet here in venezuela, its always on lower case edge so its useless, i took it to many places to fix it and they say that the IMEI is blocked, which means that is either reported as stolen or registered as someone elses phone... this makes me doubt that the phone is actually new...

The phone is good. Ive had this phone for 11months, but after a while the phone kept freezing..i had to reboot the phone 3 and 4 times a day..wipe the phone every month..just to get it to work fine. Camera is really good, the phone last very long i dropped it in water and it still works. Most of my text messages dont go through..but others than that its a really good phone

when I ordered this is looked really fine, attractive and worked well for the first two weeks and thenthat is when problems started. As it was a new item I though nothing of it and left it but my warrantyran out and when I finally decided enough is enough I could not get a refund so I had to add it to my garbagecan. Some of the problems included, dialing people's numbers, I used to see calls or people callme back and say I called them and the phone was at rest. The numbers stuck when dialling  and sometimesthe numbers duplicated when I type and to get back to delete it, it worked sometimes after attemptingseveral times. I was utterly disappointed in this item

muy bueno el equipo en perfecto estado el envio fue rapido y tal cual como lo promocionaban todo salio muy bien

We love the phone. But the order was missing the battery and the back of the phone. Amazon helped with the problem quickly. thanks

Sorry but I have waited to solve this problem around 2 months or more, but Celllounge in my case send a cellphone with other keyboard color (different of the picture)i didn't receive the manual, well then Celllounge send me it. But the battery doesn't work, since i use it for the first time. They sent me another one, but it was for other celphone model, so i can't use it.Then they said me that they will send me the correct battery, and i have waited around 1 month, the battery never arrived.Maybe this company is serious and make a jod job, but in may case, it was not good. I bought that cellphone to work, and i couldn't use it as I wish.So very sorry, I know that this mail will affect your sales, but i bought a product that i didn't received. I was really tolerant and flexible, but i can't wait more. This could work as an experience to improve some areas of your company, in order to my case won't happen again.

BUENOS DIAS,A PESAR E QUE AUN LA MERCANCIA SE ENCUENTRA EN TRANSITO ME PARECIO UN BUEN SEVICIO HASTA HORITA

Muy bueno el Equipo, Soy de Venezuela, y agarra todas las Operadoras, el color, la memoria y todas las funciones sirven perfectamente, Estoy muy satisfecha con la compra.

mucho tiempo para llegar y la pila que trajo no servia  cuando intente cargarlo la pila no agarraba carga pense que era el celular, lo prove con otra pila y efectivamente la pila estaba mala

Although the description indicated &#34;Unlocked&#34;, AT&T indicated the Blackberry was not unlocked and could not be enabled on the AT&T data network.

Bought this for a friend. They have not had any problems with it so far. Blackberry phones can be problematic at times if not maintained regularly by updating and cleaning up the phone system. This particular model is a good buy for the price if you want to BBM.

I have been charging it for hours and it shows on the screen that the phone does not have a battery. I am really frustrated because I paid it to have it deliver it quickly and it didn't work

IT WAS ON TIME AND PERFECT.IT WAS JUST AS I EXPECTED...JUST GREAT!THE PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD.I RECOMENDED!THANK'S FOR THE EXPERIENCE!

Dot not buy from The OEM Planet! The Blackberry that I bought from them, arrived defective on the main board (never worked), dummy battery not holding a charge.

I will buy no more at amazonVery poor service at The OEM ShopI got a wrong item,I ask for 8520 white, paid for it, but received a 82 something.Retunr cost was on me, still I also paid for and sent itenm back.At the end, I got nothing, because they now are out of stock.Shame on you.Selected just one star, because I couldn't get lowerAt the end I think I will reeceive credit on my account.BUTI WILL BUY NO MORE AT AMAZON

This phone is really good, since I got it I have used it for more than making phone calls. I use it as a PDA, I like the fact that you can download Word documents to it, since I have kids it is nice because I can carry school documents like supply lists and other important things that we use. The contacts are really good, you can put all their information, the calendar is awesome just everything in it is very useful. I was thinking about buying an MP3 but this phone is good as an MP3 too, the battery life is really good and I did not have to buy a separte MP3. The only thing that was not pleasing is that the Wi-fi connection for this phone is really weak, so if you are planning on using it with wi-fi you will get frustrated. I found that out after I got the phone. The good thing is that if you want to download something through App world you can use the usb cable and open the memory card in Windows explorer and download through there, it is actually easier than using the Blackberry programs at least for me, so is not that bad. I don't really use the CD that came with the phone which is the Blackberry Desktop when I actually got it for the first time it would not work at all, after doing research online, I downloaded a Desktop version from blackberry site, then the CD started working but I still don't use it. Besides that I think that everything else is really good. The camera is also pretty good. I bought the white model because the black one was pricier, but I am pleased with it, I actually like it more than the black model now. I use this phone with a prepaid carrier T-mobile and since it was open/unlocked phone there was no problem, and I have had no problems at all. Since this is my first smart phone I have to say that I am very pleased with it. I am also pleased with Amazon's service, I did read some bad reviews that they had given Amazon and the phone, but I have to say I am glad I did not pay attention to those. I actually went to[...] and read their reviews before I made my decision since they give the pros and cons of the phones. I have to say that I am glad I got this phone. Since I have also dealt with Amazon before I knew that if for any reason I would have to return something they are really good at working with customers, they have even helped me to deal with products that were ordered through one of the other market places, so I have to say that so far Amazon has made a good impression on us.

Good afternonn, The cell phone has not come to my locker in Miami.Please, I need information by it.Clara Vasquez

I am extremely happy with this phone and I love the white color. I was a little leary about ordering a cell phone online but was pleased the phone came as stated.  The only negative is it didn't come with the book on how to use/set up the phone and all other literature wasn't in english, good thing it's user friendly and I had my son to help me.  I would definitely recommend this phone.

Bought this phone for my mom. Shes completely in love with it no complaints. The phone as described was gsm unlocked. All i did was place my sim card, and it worked perfectly. My mom was calling and texting in no time.

the team has many technical flaws, the keys do not work properly, software problems, very slow to open applications takes. the phone was defective

Sorry. my English is very bad. The seller cheated me. The phone was not unlocked and the presentation said it was unlocked. Although used, supposedly was in good condition, but upon opening the box, phone looked like it had been bitten by a dog. Also in the box was not the charger. Seller bad.

I was greatly disappointed. after waiting patiently for my WHITE blackberry curve 8520 for almost two weeks....I opened the box and the phone WAS BLACK!!!!! I ordered the phone because it said WHITE! I wanted a WHITE phone, not black! now I have to wait for them to receive the return...and then RE-ORDER! so that's another two weeks! I NEED THE PHONE NOW! I wouldn't order from them again! IT SUCKS!

me gusta mucho este tel&eacute;fono, esta bastante completo en cuanto a sus funciones y a mi me funciona a las mil maravillas muchas gracias

RIM seems to be struggling to keep up with other phone manufacturers, but if you are looking for a fairly basic unlocked smartphone (with a pretty good keyboard), this is a decent "cheap" option.Phone came brand new, fully unlocked, HOWEVER, it was shipped and sold by Amazon when I bought it, so your mileage may vary with other distributors (as the reviews below me seem to indicate).I've had this phone for 9 months now, and it's survived many nosedives into concrete (maybe I've just been lucky) so it gets extra points for durability.Also, as an aside, been charging it using my Kindle charger for 6 months now, and my battery is still great, if anyone finds themselves charger-less like me. :)

my first order was late and my second order never came!!!!!!!!!!!!i had to pay more in the stores...hst...NEVER AGAIN FROM AMAZON......IM SHOPPING ELSWHERE U LOST A GOOD CUSTOMER

Buenos dias me dirijo a ustedes con la inquietud desde que realice la compra de su articulo hasta la fecha, al momento de llegar el envio aqui la caja llego vacia por tanto la inquietud con respecto a la compra que en la empresa encargada de trasladarlo al paos destino es que el paquete llego sin su contenido por lo tanto me dirijo a ustedes con la preocupacion referente a la compra.
