
I bought this as a second local phone for our windsurfing vacations in Hawaii. I put in the T-Mobile SIM and it worked right off the bat.Ok it is not a sophisticated smart phone like my iphone, but it does all the basic extra functions such as accessing the internet for wind reports and of course using it as a phone. It is wonderful to not worry about the salt, sand, water and banging around with my windsurfing gear ruining a delicate piece of electronic equipment.I keep thinking about upgrading it to the Samsung b2710 model, but this does everything that I need and it works fabulously.This is a perfect phone for basic smart phone use that you don't have to handle with kid gloves. Highly recommended.6 month update:I am really appreciating this phone. I treat it like my key chain rather than being scared of damaging it and it just keeps on ticking. What a superb phone!

great finish, fairly adult looking (not like a transformer like a Casio). the tactile feel is great.this phone does not have a lot of functionalities - but it does what a cell phone is supposed to do well.I did find the English version manual googling, and it was available from Samsung's own website for download.And I am glad I read the manual because I was under the impression the TX9 predictive typing was not available for English, but it is.The back lid is not easy to open, but I find that a nickel coin does the trick without risking scratching the nice screw.The lid pops open when you turn the screw past the unlock-mark.It's too bad that now a days all service providers are focusing on smart phones for the revenue they generate in the U.S., so good, purpose-built cell phones like this are no longer available through regular channels.

We purchased two of these for use in our 'rugged' lifestyle.  When put underwater as a test, the phone leaked and no longer worked.

I received the phone today along with two SIMs I planned on using; T-Mobile USA and TIM Italy.  The phone powered on and applied settings with out a SIM (no calls/contacts.)I put in the T Mobile SIM in and the phone did the annoying flashie-Samsung behavior others have mentioned.  You can't get beyond the Samsung logo.  I did a bit of research online and it appears T Mobile changed their SIM technology two years ago.  Newer SIM cards from T Mobile do not work.  Older SIMs may.I put in the TIM Italy SIM in and the phone fired up wonderfully.  However, I am unable to test functionality due to the fact that I'm not currently in Italy.The phone was lighter and smaller than I expected.  The screw lock works wonderfully.  The battery cover is difficult to remove on the one I received.  The flashlight functions.  The phone has English menus.  I'm quite happy with the quality, look, and feel.  It appears to be a solid phone.The phone did come with a charged battery, European charger, North American plug converter, ear-piece & mic, and non-english instruction booklet (Polish I suspect). I was able to choose my settings at start-up.I ordered the phone on Jan 30 and received 10 days later.  Acceptable service.

It come with useful apps, can get wet and get dirty, u can drop it, and still works fine ... perfect for camping, fishing, bike trips .. . I'm really happy ..

Pros:1) This is a solid phone which can stand a lot of abuse.2) It is a easy to use phone.3) It has a great battery life. I could go upto 7 days without re-charging in the first run.4) Good value for my money.Cons:1) The speaker phone is not good. It echo's and I have had complaints from the people calling me.

Very strong design, ideal for teens who begin to use a phone, there will be no problem if you forget to remove the morrol while going home from school and it rains on the way, they are playing and will resist accidental falls, if they are in some dark place and be able to use his flashlight can see donnde tread when walking their programming makes it an excellent product for teenagers.

Very nice phone. I'm a Broadcast Engineer by trade and my cell phones take a lot of abuse. This phone is awesome when it comes to durability. The speaker phone is not as load as I would like ti but it does work.

I bought this phone for my cell-phone hating, mechanic husband.  He loves it.  It has stood up to tough handling, the flashlight saved the day on an emergency night call, and it seems easy to use.It's not fancy, doesn't do the multi-media stuff, but is perfect for my texting, calling, rough/tough guy.

It is unfortunate more mobile phones are not made to be waterproof and shockproof with a built-in fm radio, as the Samsung B2100 is.  We had high hopes when we purchased this "unlocked" mobile phone through Amazon.com, however, upon receipt we soon realized it was only partially unlocked.  We spoke to AT&T; Customer Support over the phone, took it to our local AT&T; store, followed by taking it to a Best Buy Mobile store, and all three sources, and their multiple representatives all concluded the phone was not fully unlocked.  This is a UK based cell phone, and we are US based customers currently on the AT&T; network.  The phone is unlocked in the sense that we can make and receive phone calls without issue, but not fully unlocked in that the phone does not permit us to send or receive photo messages, nor can we connect to the internet with it.  When AT&T; and Best Buy Mobile Reps went into the menu settings of the phone, to where they needed to adjust the corresponding tower/network code to remedy these issues, the UK code was grayed out (0.0.00.0) and therefore unchangeable to a US one.  I then e-mailed Samsung USA and Samsung UK with no response.  AT&T; phone based customer support was unable to proceed with any step-by-step instructions, as this UK phone is not in their US database, which is why we then went to our local AT&T; store instead, per their request. When our local AT&T; store could not help us in any way, despite the best efforts of their entire in-store team, we then proceeded to Best Buy Mobile, who also tried vigilantly, without success to address this issue.  We also Googled this issue, and found a few other folks who had these same issues, but nobody seemed to be offering any real solutions.  On that note, we even posted our issue on Fixya.com, with no response of any kind.  Having exhausted our efforts, today I called Amazon.com who was kind enough to e-mail us the necessary information to begin our full-refund process.  It's just unfortunate we could not find a fix for this issue, as I am sure it's out there somewhere, as we would have liked to keep the phone.  None of the US phones currently for sale at our local AT&T; store or local Best Buy Mobile are said to be waterproof, as this one is, and all of their "military grade" phones are flip-phones, with minimal water resistance.If you do not care about being unable to send/receive photo messages, or connect to the internet, and just want a durable waterproof phone, this may be the phone for you.  There's a "Samsung B2100 Review" currently on YouTube, which I will attempt to link below, showing the phone fully submerged in a tank of water, receiving a phone call, and still working perfectly when they take it back out.  Oh, and it has a built-in flashlight too, just in case (no camera flash though).[...]

Arrived in shrink wrap box, instruction booklet in Russian, adapter for the battery charger to connect to US style electrical outlet. Installed a SIMM from US, was able to make and receive calls only, text function was locked, VM function was locked, in fact all the functions that involved the SIMM were locked except to make/recieve calls. The phone is fairly simple to operate as theres not much to operate. Its ruggedly built and weather proofing was in the front of the designers from its appearance. Quality of the calls started degrading after a few short months.I wouldnt recomend this phone, I dont believe the companies story about blaming Amazon for the poor quality. Im suspicious of any company selling a product but neglects to point out that something as basic to a phones function of VM is locked out (even though the service is provided by the phone service I purchased) is probably low enough to point the finger at someone else decrying "its not my fault its the other guys".Addendum: Hassle Free Cell Phones contacted me via email regarding my poor review. They sincerely apologized and wanted to remedy the problem in order to have the bad review removed. Here was my response pasted below.Frankly (name left out)I cant help but think that your description is blatantly misleading. If it means to remove my review if you remedy my purchase, Id rather leave my reveiw knowing that there are those out there like I who would rather the general purchasing public be made aware of misleading advertising so that we (the general public) all in the end gain.

Don't waste your money with this market, I have bought a mobile and they sent me something else. I tried to contact to the seller but no answer, I regret the moment when I bought it.

I love this phone.  It is waterproof, shock resistant and has a non-slip grip.  It is quad-band gsm which makes it a great phone for international travel.  I get great reception.  I use this as a second phone for travel and outdoor activities.  The only big irritation is that it does not get the time and date from your network, so you have to set the time and date everytime you take the battery out to insert or remove a sim card.  I have even successfully run the java-based gmail app.  It only uses edge data, but you wouldn't want to use it for any web browsing since the screen is very small.  Great back-up phone for the outdoors and travel.

Got this phone almost 2 months ago and have been waiting to see if I like it before rating. My complaints are the print & numbers are very small,  there is no space or dash in the phone numbers so the 10 numbers run together, the number button are small, and the phone is bulky. Lately people say I sound muffled, I'm not sure whats up with that and phone can no longer be returned. The so called warranty is pretty lame also, hopefully this won't turn into an $80 paper weight.Updated July 2 2011A few more months have passed now and I no longer use the samsung B2100, after repeated complaints from persons on the other end of the line that my voice was muffled, far away or just could not hear me. One person even said I needed to trow the phone away.  In addition the power charger started tripping the GFI outlet where its plugged in when the phone was charging.The goods news if there is any is that I was starting to like the phone despite the tiny number font it does have some nice features like call block.Read the Amazon phone warranty closely, you have to pay shipping both ways and repairs can take 3 weeks or more so you better have a spare.  I am a big fan of Amazon but like I said earlier the Warranty is lame.Second update July13 2011I decided to contact amazon by phone regardy the warranty on the B2100 to see if i could possibly get it repaired and see what it would cost for the shipping. To my pleasant surprise Amazon's rep came back on the phone after having me on hold for a couple minutes to tell me they would give me a full refund and emailed a ups shipping label.Needless to say Amazon is the best to me.

did not like phone did not work well and amazon still owes me a 96.00 credit only credited back 5.44 when will i receive the rest of my credit.

I bought this phone because I like to paddle a few miles off the coast of my island (Oahu) and I feel safer knowing I can call for help should I need to do so.I ended up in the water a few times with the phone attached to my arm in a neoprene pouch, all was fine until yesterday when I took it windsurfing. My mast broke, I had to swim back in the waves for about 15 minutes. Somebody spotted me, alerted the lifeguards and they brought me to shore safely. That was lucky because I found out later my phone would have been useless as it was flooded. The battery door was closed properly and so was the charging port. I could have drowned because of Samsung's false claim This phone is NOT WATERPROOF, it is water resistant at best.Got a quick answer from Samsung about the warranty, this is the best part: Water damage is NOT covered on this supposedly waterproof phone. That says it all.Shame on you Samsung.

I too received an opened phone in a package that had an opened seal which stated:  Do not accept if seal is broken.IN talking to Amazon customer service, they fairly easily facilitatd a return...BUT that is a huge pain in the neck, having to now wait to get another phone.In speaking to BLUTEKUSA, I was told that this has been a continual problem with AMazon.  BLUTEKUSA feels that AMazon is sending out returned, used phones as new.  BLUTEKUSA claims that they have tried to remedy the problem with AMazon, but have had not response and actually have difficulty contacting AMazon.If the above is true, I would say:  AMAZON, CLEAN UP YOUR ACT.

the features of the phone exceeded my expectations. i like its light weight and rubber casing. the camera quality is good and the flash light works great.

Phone started off working fairly well, decent quality etc. I used it for about 3 months earlier in the year and just started using it once more while on business travel in the US. The call quality and signal reception has steadily decreased to the level that the phone is no longer usable. Very disappointing.

I have had this phone for a little over a month now, and it has been terrific. I live on the coast, so a phone that is waterproof is particularly helpful. Bluetooth works great for transfer of photos to my computer and contacts between phones. The FM radio is nice too, although I have not used it too much, since it requires the headphones to be plugged in for reception. The multimedia player read the audio and video stored on my Micro SD card, and is intuitive enough to be able to play music by artist/album/genre/etc.I noticed a lot of concerns about getting multimedia messages (MMS) to work on this phone from other reviewers. I searched AT&T;'s help forums and found the following settings, which have worked for both my B2100 and the one I got for my girlfriend last fall.From the menu, navigate to Messages --> (5) Settings --> (1) Multimedia Messages --> (3) Multimedia message profiles.Hit the left soft key for "Options" --> (3) Create. Here are the settings for each of the fields:Set name: Media NetHome URL: [...]Bearer: GPRS firstProxy: OnAddress: 66.209.011.032Port: 80DNS1: 0.0.0.0DNS2: 0.0.0.0Then, immediately below DNS2 is "GPRS Settings" - click that and enter the following settings:Access name: wap.cingularUser ID: [...]Password: CINGULAR1The password is case sensitive, so make sure it is in all caps. Once it is all entered, hit the left soft key for "Options" --> (1) Save. Then, at the previous 'Multimedia message profiles' page, hit the left soft key again for "Save" - and you should be all set.

I am happy with the durability of the phone and overall quality, but it is difficult to text and the center key can not be changed from a shortcut to the web.

I'd read multiple reviews with people having trouble with the SIM card and I had the same problem when I ordered this particular phone the first time.  When I inserted my T-mobile SIM card, the screen refused to go past the "B2100" screen and simply flashed that image, go blank, and then flash it again, as if the phone were trying to restart but couldn't.  I couldn't even turn off that phone at that point without taking out the battery.  I have newer version of the T-Mobile SIM card so I thought that might have been the issue (some reviewers were saying that the phone works if you transfer your acct to an older version of the T-Mobile SIM card).  And it worked perfectly fine with my boyfriend's AT&T; SIM.  Anyway, long story short, I reordered the phone from a different seller and it works perfectly fine!  So I agree with many of the other reviewers.  When this phone works, it's amazing.  When it doesn't, it can be really frustrating and take a huge chunk out of your time just trying to resolve the issue.  It's really a gamble if you receive a working phone or not.  Luckily, I got one that worked on the second try without having to change my SIM card.So other than that issue, the phone is perfect for my lifestyle.  I'm extremely clumsy with my phones (dropping them in paint, out of moving vehicles, the works) and I only need to make calls and to text.  This phone does just that and more.  I haven't had any trouble with muffled speakers (because of the waterproof seal) or even dropped calls.  Texting works perfectly fine. The LED light on it is SUPER bright and just awesome when you can't get your hands on a flashlight.  It also has an FM feature which I thought I wouldn't use but is actually really fun.  Plus the battery lasts for a week or so.  I've left my phone on for 3 days straight now and it's still at full bars (but that's with MINIMUM usage).  It has all the standard features including organizer with calender, alarm, etc etc. One minor thing is that sometimes when I'm making calls, I'll hear my own voice from my phone, but it'll be delayed which is really distracting.  But most times, everything is clear.Overall, a great basic phone with awesome durability. I'd say it's worth the gamble if you receive a phone that works.

I only use my cell phone for phone calls and basic texts, so this phone is perfect for those simple tasks.  I am not reviewing the email or web browser programs b/c I don't use these features.  I have never had a camera on my phone before so this is fun.  I bought a micro SD card with an SD adapter, so I am able to save the photos on my computer.At first I almost returned the phone right away.  It didn't work at all with my T-Mobile SIM card.  A message would show up on the screen: "Insert SIM".  I went to an AT&T; store to see if their SIM card would work with this brand, new, unlocked phone.  It didn't.  I then went to a T-Mobile store and asked them if they could deactivate my current SIM and activate an older, unactivated, Legacy SIM.  This one worked.Now I am in Australia and this phone is working fine with a Telstra SIM.Upon further research, I found that the Samsung B2100 phone only uses a 2G GSM network, which is possibly why it wouldn't work with T-Mobile's newer, 4G SIM cards (and w/ AT&T;??? - although it looks like some reviewers have had success using this phone with AT&T;).  It looks like Samsung just updated the B2100 with the new B2710, which uses a 3G GSM Network (GSM 850, GSM 900, GSM 1800, GSM 1900, 3G 900, 3G 2100 frequencies, according to [...].  Maybe this phone might be able to support the newer 4G SIM cards from T-Mobile and AT&T;?  That would be nice.As for now, I have given the B2100 five stars because it is able to do everything I want it to do with the carriers I currently use in the USA and Australia.Update - 21 Mar 2011 - Three stars instead of five.Phone calls drop or SIM ends up not registering, very regularly unfortunately.  I get the message "Insert SIM" and then have to turn the phone off and on a few times before it registers.  It has become extremely annoying, enough so that I have to give up on the phone and I plan on returning it once I return to the USA.  I am really bummed about this.  I will have to save my money and buy the updated 3G version (B2710) when it comes down in price.Update - 21 June 2011 - upgrade to 4 starsSince I have returned to USA, phone has been working fine with my T-mobile SIM (the older style, Legacy SIM).  Therefore, even thought it didn't perform well in Australia, I'll keep this B2100 after all (I just hope it works in other countries).

Pros of the Samsung B2100:1.  Waterproof:  I am a kayaker.  I put a 1.5" X 2.5" strip of adhesive backed Velcro permanently on the back of the Samsung B2100 battery panel.  I stick the phone to the deck of my kayak.  The phone has a large eyelet on the top of the phone which I attached a thin lanyard that I then fastened to medal ring attached to my kayak in case I accidentally drop the phone in the river.2.  Flashlight is bright:  I train for marathon kayak racing every other day and often finish paddling after dark.  This flashlight provides enough light for me to hike up a quarter mile trail through the woods to my house.3.  FM Radio is very clear:  I had been using a Sony TV/Weather/FM/AM Walkman SRF-M80V strapped to my arm when I work out at the local gym, but when I increase the resistance on the stepper or exercise cycle there is an accompanying increase static on the Sony Walkman radio; but with the Samsung B2100 phone's FM Radio there is no static and the signal is clear.  The Samsung B2100 radio doesn't significantly drain the battery.4.  I haven't experience any dropped calls, and found that the coverage is good in the quad-state area (Pennsylvania/New Jersey/New York/Delaware).5.  Battery life is good.Cons of the Samsung B2100:1.  I wanted the ringtone "Chariots-of-Fire" on this phone.  This ringtone is sold at AT&T; which is my phone's service provider.  I took the Samsung B2100 to AT&T; for their assistance.  Despite three separate visits lasting one hour each with two different AT&T; technicians, they were unable to connect to the Internet to download this ring tone for the AT&T; website, or from any other website.  Problem is that the Samsung B2100 was designed for United Kingdom Internet providers, and will not accept an Internet address which are over a few characters long from United States Internet providers, which means you can connect to a couple of short addresses like MSN or Google, however, if you need to go to a website with a longer Internet address, it comes up Internet address error.2.  It is an United Kingdom phone with no Samsung support in the U.S. - when I was unable to connect fully to Internet providers in the United States I first contacted Samsung International who referred me to Samsung U.S.A. who referred me to Samsung United Kingdom who referred me to AT&T; U.S.A. who then referred me back to Samsung U.S.A. resulting in no solution to my Internet connection problem.3.  The Samsung B2100 is a 3G/MPEG3 phone.  If you want the same phone in a 4G/MPEG4 phone suggest the newer version of this phone, the Samsung B2710, which is sold on amazon.co.uk [...] The Samsung B2710 looks identical to the Samsung B2100, but is a slightly bigger phone with larger battery, anti-scratch window, higher resolution screen, and a G4/MPEG4 phone; however the Samsung B2719 will cost you twice a much.4.  Although the Samsung B2100 is a rugged phone I like carrying it in a belt-clip carrying case, but I had to switch to a larger pouch since every time I returned it to the snug carrying case both the volume keys and the flashlight key would be depressed and the flashlight would go on, and the volume would go beep-beep-beep.  If you wait a couple of seconds before putting the phone into a carrying case, which allows the keyboard to then automatically lock, then you won't have this problem; but it is an annoyance to always to have to wait before put the phone back on your belt.  The keyboard lock only has an option to turn on or off, not an option to set the time before the keyboard locks.5.  I have heard that the screen scratches easily, but I prevented that problem by just putting a strip of 2" clear packing tape on the screen which works fine if you put the tape on slowly at an angle pressing out the air bubbles.  Clear tape is inexpensive and can be replaced as often as needed.Notes:A.  The Samsung B2100 takes a removable SIM card, so it cannot be used phones that do not have a removable SIM card like the phones used by Verizon.B.  The phone package does not come with a SIM card (which you can get from your phone service provider).C.  Nor does the phone package come with a micro-SDHC card which you can purchase on line.  You only need an micro-SDHC if you want your phone numbers stored separately from the SIM card or if you want to store music to listen to with your ear phones.  A 2GB or 4GB micro-SDHC will work fine.D.  You can load up the micro-SDHC card from you computer, either by putting the micro-SDHC card into a USB connection on your computer, or downloading it directly to the phone from your computer, but you will need to purchase a data cable for a SAMSUNG phone.  A data cable does not come with the phone package, however, these data cables are inexpensive on the Internet.E.  The phone package comes with stereo ear plugs with an on-off mike for answering calls.F.  The phone package comes with an AC battery charger, but you will need to purchase a DC battery charge if you want to charge the phone's battery while in your car.F.  Although there are many cons I gave it a four star rating because this phone basically does what I need it to do which is to be able to make and receive calls while in the middle of a lake or river in my kayak without having to take an ordinary mobile phone out of a sealed carrying case, and also be able to use it this as an all-round phone on land.

If your looking for a cheap waterproof phone! This is it It can handle wear and tear to a certain extent I have had 3 of these phones and been through the sea and ocean and heavy duty rock work.... I lost a phone due to screen cracks and my other phone is cracked now!

I purchased this phone in the US but it is intended for use in Russia.  The instruction manual is *only* in Russian.  The phone's charger can only be used in the US with a special adapter that has to be purchased separately.  None of these quirks were disclosed prior to the purchase.

This phone can resist a nuclear attack. Seriously, I was visiting Costa Rica and it felt into a river, crashed with several rocks. I just took it out of the freaking river and make a phone call.It is great. Seriously if you do not pay attention to things, or have a sort of unusual job. Get this phone.

Phone is basic but I needed the rugged and waterproof features more than lots of smartphone stuff. Have used it for 2 years now and still working fine. Heavy, clunky, small screen but all to be expected.Took it into the swimming pool by mistake and after 15 minutes in the pool noticed it in my pocket. Took it out & left it in the sun to dry. Surprisingly it worked just fine. I'm not recommending you take it swimming but if you got caught in the rain or similar it would work when others might be ruined. Gave same phones to my gardener and my builder who are in harsh environments and the phones work well for them. Seems screen is even tougher than most.

I had ordered this phone from Amazon directly with Free Super Saver Shipping. The price of the phone was a few bucks more then from the 3rd party seller. The phone got to me in 4 business days. In the package was a genuine Samsung U.S. wall charger, data cable, headphones, cd-rom disk with software to transfer files from phone to computer, and 2 manuals (one in Spanish and one in English), and a warranty card with 1 year warranty. (3rd party company) So far I had this phone for 2 weeks and I am very happy with it. The sound quality is great, the speaker phone is excellent. After initial full charge it still has full charge, light to moderate use. The menu on it is pretty much the same as all Samsung phones. The only thing on this phone is that you are unable to send and receive picture attached text messaging which I don't use anyways. Regular text messaging works fine. Also I am on AT&T Network and the signal is pretty strong, I would say better then my old Nokia phone. The phone also has a very bright flashlight which does lock when you lock the keypad.

This is a phone for those who are rough on your phones.  I got this for a gift and it's still running strong over a year later!  It has been through it all, it holds up to it's claims.  It's great you can run it over drop it in water and it will still work.It doesn't have all the bells and whistles but, which is more important?  A phone you can acutally communicate with our the endless replacements you'll have to have because you can't be gentle.  My husband works in construction and phones don't LAST!We finally cancelled our insurance on our phones since he got this phone and SAVE MONEY! :)

I don't like touchscreen phones so much, and the only reason I'd get a smart phone is for the OBDII apps you can install on them to diagnose cars.  So I got this phone because my old clamshell Samsung was too old.  I've had this phone for close to a year and it's still performing like it did on day one.  I also got this phone because it uses a simcard and is unlocked so that I cold use it internationally in my travels, but I haven't been able to stick in one place long enough to warrant buying a different simcard.  Plus, the only thing with that is that everytime you take the battery out the time and date reset.  It's a good 4.5&#34; long, 0.7&#34; deep and 2&#34; wide at the buttons, which seems a bit unwieldy but the curved corners make it look and feel a bit smaller.  I was considering getting the bigger and newer version, but I'm definitely glad I got this smaller one or else I fear the bigger one wouldn't've in my pocket as comfortably.I've dropped countless times on dirt, asphalt, carpet, and in my kitchen without any scratches on the screen, although the plastic sides have some marks from our history together.  The screen has gotten dull from me not keeping a screen protector on it while I carry it in my pocket.  I haven't dropped it into water yet, and I don't plan on testing it, but I've talked on it in the rain without needing to worry about it.  The locking battery compartment is a bit annoying, but it's to keep the sealing o-ring seated properly.I've used this phone with oil and dirt on m hands, and that junk just doesn't stick to it for some reason.  You do have to brush it clean, but I've never washed it with soap and I don't hesitate holding in my mouth when needing towork with both my hands in the dark (but that might just be me...)The camera is alright for the phone's simplicity, at 1.4 MP it can take fairly decent pictures, but I got this phone for its practicality not bells and whistles.

The phone arrived earlier than advised.  It looks nice and has some great features but the battery won't charge so I'll be returning the phone for a refund, since I can't get it replaced.

I originally bought 2 of these phones.  Our carrier is T-Mobile.  My wife put in her sim card and her new phone worked great - she loves it.  I put in my sim card and the phone just kept rebooting.  I assumed the phone was bad so I returned it to Amazon for a replacement.  The replacement did the same thing. I tried my sim card in my wife's B2100 and it worked.  Neither of our cards worked in mine. I went to T-Mobile and they tried to help, replacing the sim card twice with no luck.  I contacted Samsung and was told they do not support the phone since it was not made for use in the US (go figure).  No one could help so, unfortunately, I give up.  On the positive side, the one phone that works is a great phone.  Long talk time, simple to use and indestructible.  On the negative side, two out of three phones didn't work and Samsung was unable to support a device with their name on it which will certainly affect my buying choices!! Since I don't travel much internationally, I won't buy an international phone again.  If you buy this phone and it works for you - great, it's a great little phone.  But, two out of three didn't with the same carrier on the same plan.  If it is just a firmware problem, then they are shipping different versions of firmware and, with no support, it's hard to get knowledgeable answers.

I am a swimmer, and I spend tons of time in the pool. A water proof phone is definitely a must have for me, so I bought this B2100.Here is my review in sub-catagories:1. Waterproofing is Excellent.(I used it today for about 2 hours in the water, deeper than 1 meter at some moments when I kicked back at the wall, and dropped lower with dolphin-kicks after flip turns; but for most of the time, the phone was less than 1 meter deep in the water.) The phone is truly waterproof; however, reception will drop to 1 or 2 bars if it is 4 or 5 inches underneath water surface.2. Great battery life.3. Both ringtone and speaker are clear and loud.(some other reviews say it is muffled, and I cannot agree.)4. Reception is very good. (better than my old LG cell, remember, all I did was switching the SIM card to the B2100, so the same AT&T; carrier and the same locations.)An excellent phone for swimmers is my conclusion!

Except for the keypad being a tad hard to recognize key presses this phone is great for what it does.After punching in the right info it does multimedia messaging with T-mobile.All in all a great phone so far.

sucks as a phone but sure was fun droping it in my beer while using it or hosing down with the garden hose in front of people . thins took a beating . not a scratch

The phone is good, but sound in ear speaker is awful, it flickers on high volume, I tried on low volume but same situation...

This is the only phone that will resist my husband and the boat trips, we already had one but bought another one as they are really my husband's proof! Nothing else resisted, and we tried. Tried a fancy phone with a housing called life proof, well, that was not enough for him, this one so far is!!!!!

Is great phone built to last, for price is very good work with movistar in Venezuela good. I recommend it 100%

It is just as I ordered, waterproof, shock resistant, not to large, fits into pants pocket. I would recommend this phone to anyone not looking for a computer (smart) phone.

Always reliable. Never expensive.  I've used Samsung phones in central Africa, the middle east, and the United States.  I've TRIED to use Motorola, HTC, and other "high-end" phones and been disappointed every time. They look good but fail to deliver a usable phone connection every time.  What a shame.  I've never been disappointed by a Samsung phone or it's performance.  This phone is rugged, sweat and tropical rain proof, gets a connection if one is available to be gotten.  Easy to find accessories anywhere, from Kisangani and Nairobi to Dubai to Texas.  These phones produce consistent reliable performance and at a reasonable price.  If you need rugged and reliable get this phone.

This phone was a very good buy. I replaced an slide phone with it. Being it is unlocked I was able to use it with my existing cell carrier. the battery life seems to be exceptional it's already been 5 days and I have only used half of the battery power under normal usage. it was so good that I ordered another one is a backup for my Android smartphone, being that I travel a lot and occasionally my phones crap out on me so know I will have a good reliable backup. It comes with the standard international charger after for US power requirements. the price was outstanding for the phone itself being that it is a rugged use phone. I believe that it is just a great buy.

I had this phone before, and it was great.  I work outdoors, and in the rain.  it made it with the rough treatment I gave it.this is my second phone like this.  I broke the screen on the first one.the odd thing is I dropped it from very high up onto a steel deck on a ship and it survived fine.and after owning it for over a year I dropped it while getting out of my car onto a gravel road, and broke the screen.I liked it enough to buy it again.  the next one up was going to cost about $400 bucks

I bought this phone for use in the UK while traveling. But the FM radio means that I now carry it when doing yard work to listen to PBS. I use it to play MP3 when walking, keeps the pace, and the flashlight is useful for those late nights home. Great phone too.It is a brick but it fits the pocket better than an iPad or even an iPhone. Sound quality is much better than I expected. Only downside: the plain manual with not a single diagram or illustration. That's just crazy. Had to find a file to download for the instructions just to get the thing started.

I got this for a trip overseas.  Just got here, installed SIM card.  The phone suits me except that the ring tone volume is very low.  I am missing calls because the ring volume is so low I do not hear it.  The User Manual contains NOTHING about changing ring volume -- only melody volume.  so far, I have been unable to figure out a way to change it to something I can hear.  Samsung online support does not seem to have any way to query tech support for this phone.Not very useful if you miss calls because you do not hear them.

Great for outdoor enthusiasts and those who are less careful with their phone.  Sturdy and reliable.  Supports four GSM frequencies making it easy for me to get good coverage everywhere with my carrier.

This mobile is so far a wonderful purchase.  It doesn't have all the 'app' capabilities of a multimedia phone, but if you need a quad-band that can make calls, and keep up with an active person - this is it.The only thing US buyers need to be aware of is that it's English formatting is based off of British standards.  Therefore certain features, such as date format or spelling of certain words, will not be what Americans are used to.  Ex: when setting up the phone, you must manually enter the date & time.  The date format choices are DD/MM/YYYY or YYYY/MM/DD.  So if you aren't careful you might read 02/08/2011 as Feb. 8th, 2011 and not the proper Aug. 2nd 2011.

God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.Buying one for my dad this xmas.

I buy this because of my job, it did pass the first wet test, I went very confident to a pool last week, then abot 30 min in the pool it got wet inside and dead came for this phone

First of all, this phone isn't for everybody. But, that being said it definitely was the perfect phone for me. I was looking for quite a while for a phone that, on the inside, was nothing more than a phone (send & receive calls, send & receive text messages, and store numbers) and on the outside was durable enough to stand up to some healthy abuse. I haven't dropped it in a river or run over it with my truck, but I do shop work everyday and have dropped it, banged it against machinery, and my wife threw it at the dogs once, and it's still ticking just fine.I have read some reviews about it not being able to send media messages or access the internet if you're in the US. To me, that's fine. I haven't even tried to because I didn't care about that to begin with. So, if you're looking for a phone with some brains in it, you might want to look somewhere else. If you just want a phone that can take a good beating, this one is right for you. Above all, my best points of impression are:1) Screw Secured Battery Cover (regular snap-on ones are the first things to break otherwise)2) One-piece keypad cover (good for water resistance and reducing dust contamination)3) One-piece body (sliders and flip-phones will always break eventually, I don't care what they might say)4) A LED flashlight that could blind a grizzly bear (you never know when you'll need it)5) Small size (the only other one-piece phone I found similar to this was the even-more rugged $600 military spec. phone, and that sucker was around eight inches. This phone does fit into the fifth pocket of most blue jeans, by the way.)Other high points that I didn't expect, but have come to enjoy:1) FM Radio with the headphones acting as the antenna2) Music player3) SD micro card ready4) Loud speaker (for music and speaker phone)

High recomended... I got a friend that went diving with one at 40 ft... And guess what.... Still working....And i am a scuba instructor so always with my pants wet.... And is awesome

I bought this as a travel phone.  The radio and light are bonuses that I wasn't even thinking about but will come in handy.I'm happy with my purchase.

this phone is great...sleek design,nice keys,customizable display,cool ringtones...the only downfall is mms settings,can't make it to work with t-mobile but internet works great and bluetooth as well...cool phone

I have had this phone may be two months and it over heated in my pocket. Now it has static and it is getting worse everytime I use it. I tried rebooting it  and now I have to do that two or three times a day. I just wanted to save you some time go look at other phones.

Used this phone for quite some time before upgrading to and Android. This phone was tough and reliable and still in use by one of my employees

I bought mine because of recommendation of another missionary who has used his for three years here in the tropics. It has fallen off a ladder and been soaked innumerable times. But please a manual in Spanish or English not East European.

We haven't really put it to the test to make sure it is as rugged as advertised. Needed a tough phone for work.  Bought this for my husband after he drowned 4 G1 smartphones within 2 years.  It is NOT a smartphone, but does not pretend to be.  It arrived quickly and in perfect condition.Pros:Gets good reception on Tmobile network in Houston, TXInserted SIM and got service right awayEasy setup even though the manual was in some other language maybe Russian?Ringer is loud enoughSpeakerphone sound quality goodSound is decent on caller's endDisplay easy to read even though smallCons:It is not a US phone - date and time will NOT update automatically and must be manually input after power offDate format not the usual for US (dd/mm/yyyy)Comes with Euro style charger and US adapter.  No problem since it is standard Samsung charger port.Comes with useless manual in some other language - no EnglishSo, we are still testing the phone and will post more if any other details or issues become evident.  Here's the location of an English user manual:  [...]  There were several when I did a Google search.  That's the first one I tried.It was quite a step down from a G1 Android Smartphone and he is still trying to decide if it will meet his needs.  Internet access is virtually useless with the tiny keys and screen.  But he has an Ipad and 4G hotspot to make up for that.I can't really make any recommendations at this time.  Not enough experience with it yet.  I will update if I hear any feedback from the user, my husband, the boss.

This is the only phone my dad was able to use without braking it in a month due to him working in construction. It really is waterproof as I dunked it in a glass of water for a few minutes and I dropped it so many times. Its as indestructible as any phone can get. Really nice having a phone without having to worry about braking it.

Havnt been able to  drown it yet, easy to use sound is great good battery life i would recomend this phone to people that are hard on phones

This phone survived a 50 minute laundry wash cycle today because it was hiding in a pair of jeans. Very impressed.

I'm from the Islands.  Sometimes power outages are frequent.  The flash light on this is a life saver.  Not only that, I jumped into the water a few times forgetting for a split second the phone is in my pocket.  With any other regular phones, that would've been adios.  Salt water and metal aren't friends.  With this though, I don't know how many times people's jaw drops after I pull it out, all soaked, dip it back into the water to rinse off (or show off) then put it back on the boat.  I would recommend this to everyone but.... I want to be the only one with it!  heheheh.

What comes in the box:BatteryAC adapterPhoneNo DC adapterNo charging dockConstructionThis is solid phone with rubber protected buttons, and a sealed battery compartment.  I just needed a solid phone that would withstand bumps and drops.  I also wanted a "Waterproof phone" for when I go to the beach.  One peculiar comment in the instruction manual is that this is "Water-resistant" and not intended to be submersible. The flashlight function works very well and is a nice addition for a survival phone (when camping, for example).The lens is not sealed but I doubt it will be cracked.UseThe menu system, because it's an international phone is not as intuitive.  For example, the Bluetooth options are in the Applications section.  The menus are customizable.The screen is clear and bright.  The display of pictures is less than optimal.  The image quality when exported is actually quite respectable.Battery life is very good, especially if you don't use the backlit keys, screen and flashlight excessively.Sound quality is good for the caller and the recipient.  Once paired with the Bluetooth headset, the sound and reception are clear.The FM radio is a nice touch but only works with the plug-in headphones.  It's great for when you're out and about but carrying headphones is not optimal for practical use on a daily basis.Extra helpful features include a calculator, stopwatch, timer, calendar, memo pad, and camcorder/camera.OverallOverall, this is a solid phone.  My only concern is the disparity with the claim of this being a waterproof phone and the manual saying otherwise.

This is the perfect phone for my husband who does not need or want all the bells & whistles of a smart phone & is very hard on his phone, often dropping it in the toilet! It is an international phone so there were a few hours spent reprogramming with the help of T-mobile but it was well worth the time. I would highly suggest this phone.

Arrived a day earlier than promised, paid $88.77 with shipping. I bought from the cheapest vendor which I knew from experience would mean I was getting a product meant for european sales. This means you get an adapter for the charger and in this instance the instructions were in Russian, but so what the instruction book is the internet. The 2nd day I lost the phone in the house, in my pants pocket. When I called it the washing machine started ringing, it went through a presoak and extra rinse just fine. It bounces when dropped, I threw it across the room a couple of times out of curiosity, no scratches or dents. When you take pictures underwater they are distorted, this could be the water glass shape. I bought it as a phone to be used as a phone so my expectations are that I won't break it by putting it in my pocket and sitting on it. It is comfortable in my pocket I'm not sure why but even though it is bigger than some of my past phones I don't feel it as much.

Got it a a gift for a dad, and he was thrilled to have a waterproof phone with a flashlight. All the reviews here are mostly negative about lack of internet and about not supporting some networks, but I didn't need a phone with internet and it worked perfectly with ATT (in US) network. 5 stars! I have no clue who would want to buy a simple phone and then try to get on the internet on this phone.

Amazon was great in the shipping.  We got it in 3 days. I bought this phone for my husband and it just cannot compare to al the other phones he had before.  I love Samsung brand and when i saw this one and got it for him because of his job, and he is more than satisfy. The features are simple but the phone is really durable. No complaints. thank you Samsung..thank you Amazon

I got this b/c I drive a Jeep and am just as hard on my phone. :) It's waterproof which is great considering I get caught in the rain quite a bit. I also got the car charger and data cord. it's a great little basic phone. Takes better pic's than my last motorola NV2, too! and my nephew likes the flashlight. I'll pass this phone along to him when he's ready for a phone. Keep him grounded - he's 8 and in no way "needs" a smartphone. That's my 2 cents though.

The phone works great with my T-Mobile carrier. Only one problem- no matter how I set the date/time, it defaults back to 6/2/2011 and the time is 2 minutes short of the actual time. I've even pulled the batter and used the reset all function, but no luck. Any suggestions?

If you are looking for an indestructible phone that you can insert your own card into this is IT!  I went swimming with it in my pocket, let my kid chew on it (after cleaning it of course), and dropped it several times and it was a champ.  I could not get online with it and I could not get picture texts.  If that is what you want keep looking...

I have this phone for work.  It is handy that it is rugged and the battery last a long time.  But I have a hard time hearing people and they have a hard time hearing me.  Looking for a phone that I can actually talk to people on.

People couldn't hear me and it was difficult to hear them. phone kept telling me the microsd card wasn't installed.I did like the feel of the phone and the ruggedness.

This is very nice phone. The voice quality is very good. There is no need for bluetooth while driving with this phone. The speaker and microphone quality is excellent. I love this phone. Although within couple of days of usage there was scratch on screen otherwise it is good.

Bought this phone for my teenager and it has been a great choice! It has withstood the sometimes rough treatment and worn well, so far. Very pleased with the selection!

My wife went through 3 phones in one year!  Bought her this and though being dropped, in the pool twice now and being used as a &#34;toy&#34; by a 65lb. dog it still looks good as new and works without fail.  Great phone.

So far this phone is great. Long battery life, easy to use, very sturdy. It took some messing with til I could send and receive picture messages but I got it sorted out.

This mobile is a great purchase. I got it knowing that the Web and MMS functionality will not work but, never read anybody with a T-Mobile experience so, I got it and in fact the SMS and phone calls worked great. Phone is very simple but does the job and no complains on signal strength; volume, alarms calendar all works ok but I couldn't surf the WEB ( as expected ) neither MMS was able to go through ( I got a WAP closed connection error).I'm an IT guy so, no phone will defeat me and I spend time making changes to the configuration and found a web page that gave me the final and "must important" information (IP address and correct HTTP for the T-Mobile WAP server). I was able to make it work (sorry but I didn't try with AT&T;). Now I have a COMPLETE FUNCTIONAL cell phone that can send SMS/MMS and have the WEB capability. Even when the Web to me is just for specific search and not for spend my day surfing. For that there are better phones with bigger display. This is perfect of you want to make calls, send/receive messages and every now and then search in the web.Samsung B2100 Unlocked Quad-Band Phone, Extreme Anti-Shock, Waterproof, Built-in Flashlight, Bluetooth-International Version-BlackGreat Phone!!

I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone that tends to be a little rough with their phones because this one is built tough. It may not be as beautiful as most of the other phones on the market but will withstand all the punishment you can put it through. It's water resistant and I never have to worry about dropping it, small and compact. Great for someone that is active and always on the go.

So far everything is great! The flashlight light is super bright. The battery has yet to be charged(after 1 week) and still going strong. Haven't discovered all the little things it is supposed to do (GPS?) but I am satisfied. Perhaps I will write again in few months.

cell phones only last 6 months with my husband and there in pieces this phone has lasted over a year and hardly has a mark its a basic phone but it is tuff

we buy this product for international use, so we needed it unlocked.when I received the package I found another phone instead of the I ask for,there was a shipping mistake not of the phone (indeed, I think that this phone is usefull),I didn't have chance to returned it because we needed a phone quickly, so we had to send the other phone to a workshop to unlock it.

I use this phone for kayaking and paddle board safety. I have rolled the kayak and swum with it many times, and it still works perfectly. I recently left it on the roof of my car, drove off, heard it roll to the edge of the roof while speeding up to enter a highway.  Took the next exit, drove back and up the entrance ramp.  it was lying on the edge of the entrance ramp face up on the pavement.  Now my Samsung B2100 has a small scrape on the corner, but it still works fine.  It must have hit the road at over 50 mph!

Had some problem with a cellular abroad sim working properly in this phone. The Pure Prepaid sim works perfect in it.Don't like the ring tone that come standard in this phone. Besides those two things the phone is OK

Item's seal was broken when i opened the package. Appears the powercords was used (dirty tip). the plastic on the back panel was scratched. Missing warrenty info page. Bag for ear-set dirty as well. From my stand point this item looks used.

this is a simple phone that works well. the only draw back for me is the fact that the charger is not designed to work with us outlets.i dont recall that being in the description-it would have been helpful.i only use the phone to call an text-so for me it is more than i need.

I got this phone for my husband who likes simple things, we are in the Caribbean so we he needed a quad to ensure that it works and of course it worked perfectly with the local phone company. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the booklet came in Japanese so we do not know all the features it has. I have requested a manual in English but have not received it yet.

I bought this for a 2 month trip to Costa Rica and it has worked extremely well with the SIM card supplied by Kolbi. It has gotten a good signal in the mountains over 8500' down to sea level. No, I have not gone swimming with it yet. The weather is wet, its muddy, sandy, marshy, and rocky so I wanted a rugged phone that will work when I need it. The B2100 so far has done very well. I did have to download an English version of the manual but that was no problem.

Got this phone 3 years ago and loved it soooo much. Mp3 with great volume, internet capable, mini SD space, dropped it 5 times a day, washed it once, and never gave in. Eventually lost it, but wish I had another one.

For what it is i guess it has it's good features, but it won't send or receive multimedia texts.  the screen is very small and the images are not that clear.  the Flashlight is cool and the battery life is great.  I wouldn't buy it again though.

"This unlocked cell phone is compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. Not all carrier features may be supported."  That is the quote listed in the Amazon warranty box--and they are so right!  Every comment listed in the reader's reviews are correct.  Why pay for a phone that you can't use all the features?  I took our phone to AT&T and was able to have most of the features work. But that was because I did some research on the internet to find out what other people did with their "int'l" phone in the U.S. and brought the information to AT&T. At this time, some telephone numbers are not able to send text messages to this Samsung phone and some can. This purchase is a very expensive mistake on our part. Next time I will skip over any product that has a description of "may or may not be supported" and will definitely heed reader's reviews.  Samsung should make a comparable US version at a decent price.

A VERY basic phone. A lot of the options/settings are hidden and take a while to find. The flash light turns on and drains the battery automatically if it is in your pocket. I might just keep this as a backup and get myself another , for the lack of a better word, "proper" phone for daily use. On the positive side the phone arrived promptly and in a good condition.

The phone is working ok. However, it arrived with the instruction booklet in Russian-no English instructions at all. I contacted Samsung in America and they absolutely refused to deal with me. They said it was made in Great Britian. I was unable to contact anyone in Great Britian. On their website I did download an instructional booklet for another one of their phones which did help a little but they had none posted for my phone. Otherwise the phone works ok but anytime I want to change a setting or find something out it is a long drawn out trial and error process.

I have bought this phone cause when i was in Afghanistan, i was going to my trip to Europe for R&R. This phone works great. Just arrived to Germany, bought a Sim card which was 5euro's and then i paid for a prepaid plan. Poped in the sim card and walla! It worked! Also work in Afghanistan when i had the sim card for there as well!!! Amazing! Definitely works in other countries sim cards. Battery would last me 3-4 days without charging if i didnt use it at all. 1-2 days when i did used it alot! Great phone very durable as well. Looks to be waterproof although I never tried wetting it! Why try to wet a perfectly good phone!? Anyways I would highly recommend this phone if you need it just for talking and txting world wide. I wouldnt buy if you need it for data or for work internationally. If you need something like that get yourself a unlocked iphone or something like that.

Tel&eacute;fono totalmente recomendado, lo &uacute;nico malo es que no tiene el men&uacute; en espa&ntilde;ol, pero es excelente. Por otro lado el vendedor es muy bueno y serio al momento de la transacci&oacute;n. Totalmente satisfecha.Totally recommended this phone, the only bad is the menu doesn't have it in spanish, but it is great. On the other hand, the seller is great. Highly recomended.

i had to replace my husband's destroyed phone and this was the same phone, but shinier and newer and updated!

I have noticed some mildly bad reviews for this phone, I want people to know not to be discouraged. This is a sturdy phone, yet not actually not too bulky. I did have trouble opening the back to place the battery and sim card in, but that was due to  the tight sealing to protect the phones battery from water  damage, and it gives me comfort that  even if the back accidentally does get unlocked its not going to  fall open. I do want to say i was very skeptical about buying a bar phone, as I am not a big fan of them, but this is a really cool phone.* Sound quality is great, not the  best but still  slightly above average* graphics are pretty nice, nothing like an iPhone but still good, I would say decent graphics* take pictures and video, I  must add the picture editing on the phone is immense. I have owned at least six  phones in the last 2 years, and this is by far the  best when it comes to photo editing. I still have not fully checked it all out.* nice selection of languages I counted ten, one of which is English(The Queen's English mind you) and the other nine eastern European languages. it  does not  come in French or Spanish but you still can type in Spanish and French.* ringtones: It has a nice selection of ringtones, you  should be able to find one  you like. the new text message ringtone however cannot be changed, or at least I have not found a way to do so.* it has an incredible flashlight that has already come in handy many times, do not point at face as it is really bright.* Battery life is great, average lifespan I experience is on average 3 days I have only needed to charge it 2-3 times in the two weeks  I have owned it.theres so much more, but I do want to note a couple things1. this is an international phone, it is not fully unlocked, if you are in the united states (AT&T; or T moble) you will only be able to  make calls and text normal messages,  but  honestly that is only reason you need a cell phone, so I do NOT see that as a minus2. charger: this phone will most likely not be united States Plug-in capable, but do not fear, these  wonderful people at  Hasslefree will include an adapter that should work for the Americans. HOwever if it does not,  Just go to your nearest Wal-Mart, they carry  chargers that will work, I paid US$9 for  ONN brand charger it was cool came  with  a cool blue light to let me know it works, you are still getting  a great deal on the phone, so  a little  bit more shouldn't be a problem3. The manual: yes there is a strong  chance your manual  will come in  Bulgarian, or Russian, But  you are most  likely buying this phone new, and that is out of the  sellers power of control, you can easily find an english translation here:  [...] &lt;--spoiler alert this one is in english.4. this is a heavy duty phone, the main reason I  bought it, it is waterproof, but this does not mean to  go swimming with it all the time, it has a rugged  shell but this does not mean  you throw it on the ground stomp on it and run it over with you jeep.  its ruggedness and waterproofness is there as a precaution NOT AS A CHALLENGE.(note: do not go deep sea diving as it will not hold up to the pressure. enjoy this phone with much responsibly. in short this is a great phone, with  some downsides But they do  not really effect the overall greatness of it.

The phone is rugged with lots of nice feature. It's very convenient to go to any country and just buy a SIM card to have a local phone.  Saved me a lot of trouble.I like the alalrm feature the best as the music is loud and can really wake me up.Reception is poorer and less predictable compared to my previous Pantech.

The manual that comes with this phone is not in English.  I contacted the company that makes these, and they said the manual is not available in English, and that I should use Google to "translate" it.  Luckily, I found the manual in English online and had to print it out.  Ridiculous!

I returned it because it was too small for my 85 year old mom

has worked well for over a yearis splash proof, dipped it in ocean a couple of timessound quality not greatringer not loud enough for outdoorgood value for rugged phone

I needed a basic phone for my elderly father and this worked out perfectly. He did not want any of the modern &#34;smart phones&#34; but rather a simple and basic phone. The ruggedness and built in flash light are plus as well. The call quality is clear and the ringers are quite loud. The only reason I did not rate it five stars is because of the size. It is somewhat too small for the palm of a grown man.

Not able to use with Rogers(Canadian) card, can not start the phone at all when insert.NOT brand new, the original seal for the packaging was tampered, I found some fingerprints behind the battery cover.Bottom line, the flashlight is able to work...

The phone arrived with a RUSSIAN instruction booklet and has no way to enable messaging or emails, despite the fact that it claims to be unlocked.

Samsung B2100 Unlocked Quad-Band Phone, Extreme Anti-Shock, Waterproof, Built-in Flashlight, Bluetooth-International Warranty-Blackthis phone is great it give it to my son and I am super happy with the purchase you make because it was fast I recommend 100%

My husband is a plumber and he has broken ever phone he has ever had or got water in them.  I found this phone and got it hoping it would do what it claims and i have to say IT DOES!  It is shock proof, water proof and scratch resistant.  He has dropped it 100 times, never cracking the screen or breaking anything.  He never empties his pockets so i washed this phone not once but twice and even half dried it and guess what, I turned right on and took a call!!!  EXCELLENT BUY

I bought 2 of these about a month ago.  One of them has worked flawlessly for the past 8 months, while the other failed within 3 days of normal use.  The defective one started turning on and off every 5 minutes or so, but thankfully Amazon took it back and gave me a refund.The phone is a work and play beast.  It really is water proof to 3 feet (tested it for just under 30 minutes, so as not to exceed the max rating).  I took pictures underwater at a hotel swimming pool.  The pics came out pretty good for a basic cellphone.  But really, the phone is intended as a work beast.  It takes a hell of a beating.  I've dropped it, stepped on it, kicked it a good distance while dropping it, froze it in water (for the lols) and regularly wash it with soap and water or even glass cleaner.  Perhaps, its only weakness is the little side cover for the charger port: it will take on water (according to the manual) if you forget to close it.THE SCREENIt's small, simple, basically designed for durability, so don't expect web surfing to be practical.  Also, it doesn't scratch easily, but if you put in in your pocket along with some keys, don't expect any miracles.THE KEYBOARDIt's rubbery, a bit hard to press at times, works fine for dialing up phone numbers, but texting can be frustrating.  On the other hand, it's practically unbreakable, waterproof, and washable.THE CASEIt's built for war.  It bounces like a hard rubber ball when dropped, and then it's ready for more abuse.THE FLASHLIGHTI love this thing.  It's always there when you need it most.  It has average brightness and does eat the battery pretty fast, but it's so handy that I could care less. There is one bad thing about the flashlight though: it's very easy to accidentally switch it on while talking on the phone.  After a couple of days, though, I got used to not pressing the light button, so no worries.THE EARPHONE PIECEIt's OK as long as it's kept properly aligned to one's ear, otherwise the volume can fade out a bit.  It is hard to hear in noisy environments, though.THE SPEAKERPHONEIt works quite well, sound quality and volume wise.  But because the feature is hidden when there are no active calls, I would expect most people to have trouble figuring out how to activate it, let alone realizing that it exists at all.  (If I remember correctly, It can only be activated during an active call by pressing the large navigation selection button.)THE BATTERYOn a single charge and without making/receiving calls at 77 degrees Fahrenheit, It will survive 5 to 6 days on standby.  Talk time is about 6 hours with a loss of roughly 17% to 25% per day of battery reserve which is what keeps the phone on standby.  If you fiddle with the settings or do texting, the LCD backlight and extra CPU activity with eat the battery pretty fast (2 to 3 hours).  (Worth noting: varying ambient temperatures will likely give different battery life results. Putting the phone in your pocket, for instance, may make the battery warmer resulting in almost triple the daily reserve loss. And yes, batteries of almost any kind drain faster as they get warmer.)RECEPTIONSeems to work wherever I go.  No connection drops, except when standing next to large metal structure and even that is rare.BLUETOOTHThe 'hands free', works flawlessly with my car's factory receiver is all I can really say.  I haven't really tried it with any other devices, though.THIS IS NOT A PRETTY PHONEIt's intended for situations that would kill an iphone instantly.  It really is tough and dependable, and for once I don't have to buy a stupid, overpriced protector or worry about some pretty looking phone falling or getting scratched.  On the other hand, it obviously won't run apps like an iphone, and it's is borderline terrible for texting, so be warned (not that I care for texting).

Got this phone two months ago and it is just incredible.  The back cover was a little hard to open but once I got it open and installed the battery and micro SD card it sealed up tight with no problems.  Had no problems navigating the menus to set the phone up because all Samsung phones are pretty much the same.  The date format is in European format but on the screen it shows up just fine.  The FM radio is fantastic and so is the mp3 player.  All the music from my samsung impression SD card transferred with no problemsIt came with a European power adapter but I found out the all my Samsung Impression's accessories are compatible with the 2100 so my car charger, plug-in power adapter and even the headset all work on the 2100.  Just WOW!Battery life is just outstanding!  Oh and the flashlight has come in more handy than i ever imagined.  better than any phone where you have to use the camera light for the same purpose.Dropped it a couple of times and not a single mark.The only con is that in the last two months the price has dropped over $10 bucks and I am considering buying another one and putting it away as a backup so that five years or so down the road I will have one as a backup.I bought it because I found touch screen phones are a pain in the rear to dial on in the dark and i like the feel of actual keys.  Also have no need for text or internet on my phone when i have all that on my laptop and server.  I mean who needs a phone that can translate english to italian.....get real!!  I want a phone that the screen won't crack if i bump or drop it and god for bid the accidental drop in the old toilet.  Don't have to worry about this phone I even stepped on it and it didn't phase it.Just an incredible well built phone that is basic but a Swiss army knife of phones.  I have called ATT over and over because my contract is up and told them until they start carrying good solid phones again that last and not ones that you have to take out all the expensive plan options and break at the slightest bump I will not renew my contract and continue to use the 2100. for the price it even beats by far the Somin line of phones

The phone seems to be ok, but it`s only possible to use in English, The rest of the available languages are east European options.

Phone companies don't even recognize this model and it has a flash light wohoo!  Don't buy even if it is Samsung and cheap.

This phone is my back-up phone that I bring with me on long trips, campings. and vacations. Holds a decent signal and lives up to its hype of being water resistant (havent tried its waterproofing yet) and shock proof. Not a smartphone, not touchscreen, no bells and whistles, but can be relied on for good call signal and it is built like a tank. I feel covered when I have my B2100 with me during long sojourns.

What do you look for in a phone? Do you want a sleek, sparkly little sliver of plastic with "apps" and a screen that does tricks when you poke it? If so, run. Run back to your cozy little Starbucks and...blog, or whatever it is you people do. This is a phone for men and hardy women. This is a phone with which you could bludgeon a wolverine. You do not text with this phone. You do not Tweet. You call people and tell them how it's going to be. True, you can do that with lots of phones--but with this one, you can do it while fording the turgid waters of the Nile. You can use its horrid little camera to record new and grotesque species in the depths of the Amazon Basin. You can make dinner reservations for two at that Hungarian place on 34th while galloping toward the airfield pursued by a mysterious hitman. You'll deal with him later.Oh, and it's really not that hard to get internet, etc.--See D. Henry's review for directions.The one thing I don't like is that you have to set the clock again every time you swap out the battery. That gets kind of annoying.6 MONTH UPDATE:Having now owned this phone for half a year, I stand fully behind my initial review. I moved to a different continent, and it welcomed the new SIM card with open arms--and I got the internet working here, too. I've capsized with this clipped to the straps of my kayak and watched most of my equipment ripped loose as the craft was scraped over partially-submerged trees by the torrent. When I caught and righted the kayak, the phone demurely informed me that I had a voicemail awaiting my leisure. Just last month, I hit a patch of black ice on my bicycle and the phone ground into the asphalt under me as I skidded from the crash. It came out in far better shape than I did, exhibiting only a slight scuff on the screen protector I made from packing tape.

the chargers did not work in the us. seller sent me 2 adapters that also did not work . had a hard time finding charger for these phones, and had to purchase them myself, phones are good but value went down with charger purchase requirement.

Looked nice. Arrived with owners manual (in obscure foreign language), and included a European power cord which did have an adaptor for use in U.S.A. Also had earbuds. No SD card. No auto power cord. Has a good feel, nice key layout. Took phone to service providor for SIM Card. Had SIM Card, Micro SD Card and battery installed. FAIL! Phone has power but will not boot up (initiate). Only flashes "B2100  [...]  SAMSUNG" and never goes past that stage. Powered off and charged battery. Removed and reinstalled battery . FAIL!! Same results. Manager of service provider store initially told me he really liked the phone. After not working, he said he had changed his mind. So have I. I did manage to find an owners manual for the phone online. Manual is in English but is for use in the Philippines. Seemed complete however the toubleshooting section did not address the problem I have with the phone. Returned for refund!
