
Previously a Blackberry Bold 9000 user, I ordered a Captivate to hopefully avoid some of the problems that plagued the Blackberry.  I have had it for just a few days now but thought it might be useful to write a review while the memory of the Blackberry experience was fresh.There are many nice things about this phone, and some rather glaring and fundamental omissions as well.  First off, I researched what others were saying and here are my responses to the common complaints.1. No keyboard - a big concern for me when deciding, but it is no problem.  If I had to peck it might be but after doing the Swype tutorial it is truly brilliant and I can quite easily type at least as fast as I ever could on the BB.2. No camera flash - to me no problem.  Flash on a cell phone is of limited value and any photos taken with it sure look like it.  The low-light performance of the Captivate camera is quite good and so photos in most situations where I might think flash would be necessary are easily possible and come out well without any flash.3. Short Battery Life - So far I am finding this to be very true.  I was prepared for less life than the Blackberry, but I am still disappointed.  Most striking to me is that it takes longer to charge a given amount of charge than it does to use it.  20 minutes of use (an app or two, a bit of browsing) takes nearly 20% off the battery, while it can take twice that plugged in to a wall to charge that 20% back.  With a USB charger in my car it charged 3% in an hour drive.  When the screen is locked (phone not in use) it seems to hold a charge very well, it is just the rate at which it drains when in use that is alarming.4. Poor GPS performance - I am also finding this to be the case.  Outdoors, holding the phone it seems to locate fairly well, just a matter of seconds for it to get a lock.  But in a car, where I imagine many might want to use it, it has been unusable.  I looked up online and downloaded a Samsung "GPS fix" from the Android Market and it made no difference.  In a 30-minute drive the GPS had a fix for roughly 5 minutes, with 20 minutes before the first fix and the first fix lasting only a minute or two.  I am glad to have a dedicated GPS unit and not to have expected to rely on the phone for it.5. AT&T; bundled apps not removable - no problem for me (I don't use them).  Display is customizable so it's easy enough to get them out of the way and forget about them.Some other things I have discovered that have made me concerned (I am still considering returning it):Email - It synced with my POP email accounts no problem.  What drives me nuts is that it automatically downloads 50 emails total, no more.  For me that represents four or five days worth of emails if that, and I need to be able to access them when I have no signal.  It is possible (with a signal/wifi) to "get more", but then that takes time as it downloads a day or two at a time, and then if you turn the phone off it resets to just the 50 emails.  Trying to access an email from three weeks ago is just not practical.  There are no options for adjusting this, like with the Blackberry that will keep emails for 30 days, I confirmed that with Samsung customer support.Text copy/paste - I am dumbfounded by how limited the copy/paste functions are.  For example, impossible with email except with new text you write.  The text from the email your friend sent?  Not possible.  It is possible in certain applications and in the browser but it is very cumbersome and extremely limited, for example in the browser it just uses one touch - no adjustment to the area copied and no scrolling.  If I keep the phone I will likely purchase Documents to Go to have somewhere I can copy and paste, but it seems silly to need to do that for a phone like this.Browser - The browser is not turning out to be as "full html" as I was expecting.  One surprising example - the only bookmark included out of the box is for Samsung Captivate Support, but that site does not display properly in the browser (!) and the fields are illegible.  I copied the address (by hand) and used a desktop computer.  Sites with drop-down menus are quite difficult to use, it seems to take numerous tries to get a menu do actually drop down.  Of course, on the Bold this was not possible in most cases so this is an improvement but not meeting my expectations.Now the good - The phone works well.  Not as intuitive as I had hoped, I've had to spend quite a bit of time researching how to do things but I am finding in most cases they are possible.  Calendar is great, no more mysteriously deleted appointments (Blackberry..)I am finding applications from the Android Market are necessary to make up for some of the capabilities the phone lacks out of the box, but at least that is possible and the selection is very good.  Download time for apps is impressive.  Ability to view PDF's out of the box is great.  Ability to customize it is great, I feel comfortable with being able to set it up as I like.  Wi-fi performance is much, much better than the Bold.  The touch screen works great.  Basically it does what it's supposed to do (hence 4 stars) but I'm disappointed by some of the things it wasn't made to do.Edit: after having the phone for another week a few more comments about the above.  First of all, the battery seems to be lasting quite a bit longer now, seems it needed a few charges to get all the way there.  I can now comfortably make it through a day of medium usage on a single charge.  The Blackberry was probably still a little better but this is quite acceptable now for my needs.  Second, I found another email client in the Android Market that allows local storage (phone or SD) of up to two months of messages AND cutting and pasting.  I've decided I'm keeping the phone.

Had the phone for several weeks now and I am very pleased! Huge crystal clear display and swype rocks. Sadly the first phone I received had issues with the home button randomly and continually clicking. Returned to amazon and got working phone in two days, easy. Watching movies and youtube are clearer than my monitor and the phone multitasks well. Touch screen is spot on. Call quality is good. Overall a great phone, I would say on par if not superior to iphone.

First, let me say that I switched to ATT because of the Iphone 3.  I then switched everything to Apple products.  So yes I am a MAC fan after the iphone.  Naturally I wanted to get my hands on the Iphone 4 from my 3GS.  I ordered the phone via the APPLE website.  The phone came a few days after the launch date.  I used it for a few days and started to notice it dropped calls every other minute!  YES I did have a case.  I went to the store and they switched me to another iphone 4.  Again, the phone dropped calls but not as often.  It does something totally different like calling another number while I was on the phone or switching the screen.  I was told it has to do with the proximity sensor.  Anyway I went to the store and tried to return that phone as well.  I had the TOUGHEST time returning it because I told them I do NOT want another iphone.  The ARROGANCE of APPLE is completely amazing!  Anyway at the same time, the Samsung Captivate came out!  What PERFECT timing!  Thought I had to leave ATT to get a decent android phone somewhere else! Being a long time Iphone user, I was a bit apprehensive about getting the Captivate.  I WAS WRONG!  The phone is AMAZING!  I am not very tech savvy but was able to figure it out!  I love the screen.  LOVE the free apps! There are tons of them.  OK they are not iphone apps but for me, they do the job! The phone feels wonderful in your hands.  And WAIT, it has not dropped calls for me even ONCE!  Isn't that what a phone supposed to do first, make a call?  What a concept! I am still learning but I am so glad I made the switch!

I read all the reviews before I purchased the Samsung Captivate.  For me, and I believe many others, it was between this smartphone or the iPhone 4G.  Looking back on it, I was a little naive after reading all the reviews.  Most people gave it 5 stars and just loved the phone.  Then I realized these people hadn't had their phones very long.I, like them who praised the phone, absolutely adored the phone.  The big screen was fantastic, and the 1GHz processor would make any geek happy.  The battery life didn't last long, and that was really annoying.  However an update that they pushed out fixed it and the battery was no longer a issue.Then one day, I pull the Samsung Captivate out of my pocket and try to unlock it.  Black screen.  I hit the power button, nothing.  I thought this was odd, because it had 95% battery power and I'd taken it off the charger not a hour earlier.  I then began to panic, as I remembered all the 1 star reviews had said 1 of 2 things:  1)  This phone constantly shuts off without warning and 2) the phone will not turn on.I was #2 for me.  I had shut these 2 bad things out with the "it won't happen to me" attitude.  And bam, 2 months after using the phone without issue, the phone is as dead as a doornail.  I google'd all the work arounds, the hard resets, removing the battery, etc. etc.  Nothing works.  The phone is literally dead.  And so is my love for the Samsung Captivate.

On paper this phone seemed great!  But after buying it and testing it for a few days I can tell this phone seems rushed to market.The GPS doesn't work on it for me.  It can never determine where I am.  Also my cell signal is constantly 0-1 bars at Home or  Work.  And this morning I woke up and my phone would not turn itself on.  It was plugged in all night.I am not sure what is wrong with it.  It did do one system update since I have had the phone.  But I guess it is not enough.  I am returning this phone.  Maybe next year they will have all the bugs worked out.Side note: I hated all the "spam-ware" ATT loaded on the phone.  They installed 6+ ATT apps on there. And some of them want to bill your cell number for services. And they do not provide a way to remove them.  Not cool.

The first phone I got lasted for about a 4 months and started having issues, like shutting off on its own. I got a refurbished one back from Samsung and it worked ok. I'm 2 months away from contract expiration and the phone has started to shut off unexpectedly. Not good when one relies on it to wake you for work or to receive calls from work.

Greetings!I just call AT&T; costumer service from San Juan Puerto Rico asking why they don't have service for this phone buying through amazon store. They tell me that they have service for this phone in Puerto Rico. My question is, Why amazon tell me that At&T; don't have service for this phone when I enter my zip code number for San Juan?This offer is sponsored by AT&T; and is valid in the United States and Puerto Rico.I just don't understand. Please clarify this. Thanks.JEPR...

First of all, this phone really gets 4.8 stars, even though I LOVE this phone to death.***Warning: This review is NOT average. Proceed to next review if you would like to hear the obvious restated over and over again, like the GPS issue, or the freezing issue again***I'm 17, soon to be high school senior texting lover with all the toys and whistles. Joy. So, while I am not a programming whiz, I do consider myself to be quite tech savvy. I don't need to go on about how great this phone is, I would rather go over the cons and some solutions to some issues. And YES, this phone DID shut down on me randomly. ore on that later.1. ***Mom would not let me root the phone! How am I supposed to customize my cappy??***Solution: The Android Marketplace has lots of little goodies in there.. the GO Launcher, GO SMS, and GO Contacts allowed me to customize different aspects of my phone through the various themes you could download for them. My Contacts and Dialpad are now ICE themed. My Launcher [the home screen] is now "cartoon themed" with cute little icons. It really does look good. Really. Thanks to the launcher, I customized the bottom dock [something that you cannot do with the regular launcher]. From the outside, the launcher just allows you to change your icons and allow you to have different shortcuts on the "dock" area [for me, I did not want "email" since I'm not too keen on email]. My messaging, GO SMS, is by far my favorite. I'm using a rilakkuma theme, and I can customize all the colors of the texts, the hyperlinks.. believe me, there are SO many more settings for GO SMS than the regular boring messaging. It also allows you to individualize it, so different people can have different themes with different fonts and text colors.2. ***No front facing camera!***Why AT&T;?? WHY did you have to remove it? The other samsung galaxy phones have a second camera in the front, but on the cappy, you can't use skype easily because of this lacking camera. *sadface* And how am I supposed to take pictures of myself or of my friends and I? GRRRR. Also, on a side note, the lack of flash doesn't bother me too much. I find that flash usually whites out objects too much anyways. Oh, there is no solution to this. Also, taking self pictures is a pain. Really.3. ***PHONE HAS SOME MAJOR ISSUES! LIKE RANDOMLY SHUTTING DOWN!***A. Yes, this phone shut down on me randomly TWICE on me within a week of getting the phone new.B. Alarm was not working at all! And yes, I really did set it correctly, to the loudest volume, so I know I didn't just sleep through it.C. TEXTS WON'T VIBRATE WHEN RECEIVED!! The phone made this little "bump" like when you hang up a call. It's not even that strong. So I missed many many texts. Irritating, being a teenager who likes to respond quickly.Solution: Factory reset the phone. It solved ALL my issues. SERIOUSLY. My phone has never since shut off on me, the alarm works perfectly, and I am now alerted with a LOUD vibration when I receive a text.4. ***GPS on the Samsung Captivate***There are two: AT&T; Navigator for $10/mo and Google Maps for free. Guess which I use. I had a problem with it once: my phone froze. It has not happened since, and for me, Google Maps has worked flawlessly otherwise. I blame that freeze up on me pressing too much and more or less overloading it. Oops.5. ***The battery life is REALLY bad [in my opinion]***I don't know what I was running, but one night, my battery drained from 68% all the way down to 23%. That did not make me happy at all. I turned off syncing to everything, my GPS is almost always off except when I need it, and it is completely in standby. Whatever the case, I downloaded Advanced Task Killer and JuiceDefender to help me save my poor battery. I discovered through Task Manager that even after closing say, Google Maps or Angry Birds, the program is still running in the background. Thanks to the handy little ATK app, these will automatically be closed upon me hitting the lock button on my phone. Now, on standby, my phone loses 4-5% per 8-9 hours [when I'm sleeping].6. ***The feeling of the checkered battery cover door***This is just personal preference, but the whole phone is sleek and smooth, while the battery door has more of a matte, not so smooth finish. Solution: Get a decal sticker. It keeps dirt off. And then I topped it off with a clear case, so the dirt gets on the decal. Besides, decal stickers come in so many designs, AND you can custom it on skinit.comSo besides the above..Loves: swype, the sliding usb port door [open ALL the way], speedy processor!!, live wallpapers, the fact that I can create empty screens with no icons to just enjoy my live wall paper, very sensitive touch activated quick keys, sensitive screen, super bright screen even at lowest settingThe list goes on and on, but this review is getting very lengthy. Thank you with your patience with me(:

I did a lot of research before making the plunge and going with the captivate.  I knew I wanted to go with Android, but didn't know which carrier/phone combo to go with.  I spent the better part of a month reading reviews, comparing specs, going to brick and mortars to get a feel for the phones and the interface before I finally went with the captivate.  I have not been let down.  I knew what to expect when I got the phone and yes I had the problem with the GPS locking on.  This was easily fixed with the Samsung GPS Restore available in the Android Market and a quick restart of the phone.  GPS has worked great ever since. Battery life wasn't as bad as what I was expecting.  I can usually get through a full 10 hour day at work before I need a charge.  I do have a spare charger at my desk at work just in case.  I had also heard that the Captivate was not syncing well, or at all, with Outlook accounts.  Mine works fine.  It syncs up with my Outlook email, my contacts, and my calendar with no issues. I've had the phone a week and have had no problems.  Everything has worked great and it's FAST!!! I could not be happier with my first android phone. I would gladly recommend this phone to anyone in the market for one.

Great screen, decent battery, Swipe is amaze-your-friends fast.  But the Captivate is stuck with no Android updates so you can't do flash, you can't do Skifta, you can't move apps to the external SD card like you could if Samsung/AT&T would roll out Android 2.2 for the Captivate which has already been done in Canada.  Android 2.3 is being released and the Captivate is stuck at 2.1.  I'd seriously recommend looking at Motorola or HTC.

So Im a business user there are several things that are critical to me as a business user. The captivate does not do some of the things natively but because of the flexibility of android you can download apps which do things the way you want. The issue with the iphone is that you cant replace the native apps. I had an iphone but it was weak for the things I do the most which are around calendar, reminders, phone calls and conference calls. The captivate is awesome for business users.1) ease of dialing - I had an iphone (slide, tap, tap, scroll through numbers), but dialing numbers on it was a nightmare. Windows mobile smart dial was awesome you could just enter the letters of a name and they would get filtered automatically so you could always get a name within a few letters. It isnt quite as nice as windows  mobile - there is one extra tap required and the matching doesnt match any part of the name, just the first name. But generally it works well2) dialing from calendar entries. On the iphone a calendar entry pops up you can dial from it, but getting the conference call dial in was a nightmare. On my windows phone or blackberry the system was smart enough to know that it was an extension and would autodial the extension. The samsung captivate calendar does NOT use the default google calendar and is missing any capability to dial from the calendar. Download a free program called "jorte" which has the dial from calendar functionality. You can hold the home screen button after you dial to switch back to jorte which will have the calendar entry still up. You will have to memorize the conference number and switch back to the phone dialer. The switch is fast enough that I can typically do ok with a 9 digit conference bridge id without forgetting it.3) I need the calendar on the front screen - the default front screen has nothing. I downloaded an App called FlyScreen (dont get te flyscreen wallpaper, get the app). It has the capability to load widgets on your front screen. Load it with the jorte 4x2 widget (comes with jorte) which will show appts on the front screen so you dont have to do anything to look at your calendar. It can turn off the default screen which means your phone has no security, but Im ok with that. You may not be.  The flyscreen app also makes it so you dont have to swipe to access your phone. you can just hit the home button. So now I can hit the power button, hold the home button down, select the phone option and get to my dialer in 2 taps. (vs hold the power button down, a swipe and a tap). I find the swipes to activate the phone annoying and hard to do while driving.4) battery life - I downloaded an app called juice defender which does a great job of saving the battery. I was at the point where I was out of battery around 8pm-10pm at night with a couple hours of talking and various other usages of the phone. I still need to recharge everyday, but am not in danger of running out of battery in the evening.5) swype keyboard - the default mode is the android keyboard. The swype keyboard really works and allows you to enter text really fast. The keyboard also lets you hold down a letter to get numbers so you dont have to switch to a number keyboard.6) reminders- this is a big deal. When I had the iphone I was constantly missing reminders because the system was so poor. the default captivate system is really bad, but I downloaded a program called calendar snooze that gives me reminders better than Ive ever had before. My typical scenario is I either ignore the reminder or want to snooze until 2 minutes before my next meeting. Calendar snooze lets you customize reminder buttons, how many reminders you get when you ignore a reminder and the spacing of those reminders. Now the reminder comes up and I can snooze for 2 minutes before my meeting.7) ringers - I like my phone to just ring once so I dont have to turn it off in meetings - I havent been able to do this so far. I did get a pretty quiet ring tone that is a low modulation ping that is not too obtrusive.8) Visual voicemail. You can sign up to google voice using your normal number and get google voice voicemail support only. Instead of ATT voicemail you will use google voicemail which will give you visual voicemail. Plus your voicemails can be transcribed so you dont need to listen to them you can read them. Finally you can have them emailed to you or texted to you.

This is a amazing phone and it is the best android phone for at&t. Camera is takes very good pics and hd video.

I did alot of research before buying this phone.  It was my first smart phone and had never even had the capibility of text until now.  The Captivate is all that I expected it to be and more.  I can now check my personal and business email any time I need to any where I am.  Ease of use is great even for someone not very tech savy like me.  Yes the battery will only last 1 day, but that is good enough as I always plug in at night anyway.  My only real complaint is that the Applications availability compared to other networks is really limited and all the preinstalled apps can't be removed easily.  I still haven't figured out how to do that.  All in all I am not disappointed and very happy with my choice.

I'm not going to write a book about this phone, like some geeks do, but this geek is impressed mostly.My only real complaints are that I can't remove those silly ATT apps, and android really doesn't like Yahoo, it' all about the google.I am a bit upset that I can't turn off 3g service for talking. I don't care about using data, I just want a clear call in my area. If you live on the edge, no pun intended, then it will switch back between 3g and edge and drop calls.I assumed that there was a toggle switch to change from 2g to 3g, it does it on it's own when 3g looses signal, and that causes dropped calls.....the reason, AT&T; controls too many options on this phone.A 350-400 phone for 1 cent. I think it's great deal, however,I really do not like AT&T; removing features on this Operating System, Phone or whatever.I should be able to remove any app that I want. Who uses,att music, allshare, where, att radio, att maps, att navigator, att family map, Latitude, what is that? instant messaging, come on, talk, It's a phone why do I need talk? Places? Who cares, att hot spots, that starts up on startup every time, can't stop it unless I go to running apps and manually stop it after startup, write and go, Mobi tv, mobile banking, YPmobile, mobile video, Mini Diary, ridiculous, daily briefing, who's idea was that....Waste..........The question is,,, Does ATT really think I'm going to use that stuff just because they lock it in my phone, No, eh, No. and No...That's a bunch of wasted space on my phone I can't remove unless I root it. I really don't want to go through that process...On the plus side the battery gets better after a few weeks. At first it died pretty fast now I get 2 days from one charge....This is the best free phone I've ever seen or used bar none, but it's like Att punishes me for getting a phone for 1 cent....Sorry no 2-3G switch, and enjoy ATT Where, What and Why????

Received the phone a week ago and as usual the Amazon transaction went smoothly.  The phone was activated through ATT with no problems.Pros:  Display is great and the processor is very fast.Cons:  After two days, the phone started shutting itself off randomly, 4-10+ times a day.  A Google search turned up a lot of complaints for the same problem.  So far, no solutions.  Neither Samsung or ATT acknowledges a problem.  Until a fix if found, the Captivate phone is unreliable, so use caution when buying.

I got my Captivate last fall, moving up from an LG Incite with Windows Mobile. The difference was like night and day! The Captivate is a very well-made, very ergonomic phone. It is quite rugged in design and after half a year of usage with no case or screen protector there is only one tiny scratch on the metal battery cover and one extremely small scratch on the screen. (As long as you don't keep the phone in your pocket with keys it should be fine. If you plan to keep it in a pocket with keys I'd invest in protection!)I love that the Captivate has an internal SD card as well as the optional external SD card. This gives me more than enough space for programs and music. I'm not even close to using up the space on the phone itself and still have the option to get a bigger external card.The camera works great outdoors (good lighting) but very poorly indoors. However, video works very well in either setting. I think if they had included a "flash" as some phones do then this wouldn't be such an issue.

This is my first Android phone, and I really love it! The fact that I got it for a penny (yes, one penny) through Amazon Wireless is just icing on the cake!  I haven't had this phone for very long, so my review is based on what I've experienced so far.Pros:The big, beautiful screen is wonderful. The colors are so vibrant.I love being able to enter so much information for my contacts.The keyboard is great, if not a bit sensitive.  However, a stylus helps with that. I'm still trying master the Swype keyboard. It isn't as easy as the videos make it look (big surprise).Being able to store so much information on the phone is great. I've downloaded lots of music, plus folders, and still have a ton of memory left.Love the variety of Android apps. I download them when I have access to WiFi, so that I don't use up my limited data plan.Unlike some reviewers have indicated, the GPS worked fine when I tried it.I actually don't make very many phone calls, but when I have done so, the caller's voice was very clear.This phone pairs up with other Bluetooth devices very easily.The pictures and videos I've taken, look great.Cons:I'm not happy that many web sites haven't caught up to the Android, yet. I tried to access numerous free TV sites only to be told that none of them support Android at this time. I hope this is something that will be rectified soon.After having dealt with Sony-Ericsson support people, I've been very disappointed with Samsung support. Their web site isn't very user-friendly, and they keep apologizing about their lack of information as to when this or that will be available. Also, after a very long chat with a Samsung person, to no avail, I finally got the help I needed from an AT&T; tech.UPDATE!!I've had this phone for seven months now, and I'm not as crazy about it as I was in the beginning.I will not be buying another Samsung phone because Samsung support sucks. When they came out with an update that included a Flash Player, I had trouble downloading it, contacted Samsung, and they never answered back. I've been too frustrated to do anything about it, but plan to call AT&T; support to see if I can get any help from them.Ending a phone call on this thing takes forever. Sometimes I have to press "End Call" for a long time before it will end, and I have to watch very carefully to make sure it doesn't stay connected.Making a phone call isn't that easy, either. It's hard to explain exactly what this phone does, but it sometimes seems to have a mind of its own when it comes to making phone calls.  I'm just glad I don't make that many of them, or I would probably have thrown it against a wall by now!The phone has become very difficult to turn off.  I have to hold the side button for a long time, and then I have to press on the "Power Off" button for what seems like forever. It shouldn't be that hard to turn the blasted phone off!I still like it for surfing the web, and it picks up on WiFi pretty easily so that I don't have to pay AT&T; for data usage. However, when my contract is up, I will be choosing another phone, probably from Sony Ericsson or Motorola.UPDATE III finally took my phone to an AT&T; repair store, and they agreed that it was "buggy," so they replaced it. The replacement phone, with its upgrade to 2.2, works much, much better, so I'm a bit happier.  That being said, I still want a different phone when my upgrade time comes.  I've been looking at the HTC, and have added it to my list of phones to consider.BTW, when I was at the repair store, I overheard one of the reps tell someone that the Pantech phones were the most trouble-free phones. I don't know if they make an Android phone, but if they do, I might look at that brand as well.

I had ordered these cell phones on Sept 7th and the shipment arrived on the 13th, much earlier than the projected delivery date which was around 21st. The package included everything that I had ordered. Both Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 and Samsung Captivate are nice pieces of hardware. The Xperia felt a little bit heavier after batteries were loaded on both but still lighter compared to Motorola Droid.Sony Ericsson Xperia X10Looks nice. Has chrome finishing around the edges. Feels good while holding. Has buttons for home, menu and back. Facebook, gmail and picasa apps comes preloaded. Has 8.1MP camera. Has android 1.6.Samsung CaptivateThe name says it all! Vibrant AMOLED screen keeps you captivated. Soft keys has haptic sensors. Comes with android 2.1. Comes preloaded with AT&T; and third party apps. Very light and large screen (4 inch diagonal). Processor is pretty fast. Comes with Maps application that has layers built into it. The traffic layer is the coolest one that provides almost real time traffic status on highways so you would know what route to avoid.The Samsung Captivate turned out to be defective. The issue was its haptic sensor malfunctioned every now and then that would drive the phone into a continuous vibration mode for 5-10 minutes. This also caused all other applications to close and hung up on the home screen. Amazon Customer Service rep was phenomenal in documenting the issue and replacement phone was sent the very next day via UPS. No doubt that despite extensive QA and testing, defective hardware make it to the market, however, the way Amazon handled the issue was phenomenal and the reason why they deserve 5 star. If you guys are looking for coolest android devices or any other electronic devices, I would definitely recommend Amazon.

This phone had a problem of shutting down spontaneously for no reason. After browsing forums, it appears this is a common issue even though Samsung denies it when contacting them.

I am a gadget geek and a huge Apple fan.  Despite this I have resisted buying an iPhone or any other smart phone for that matter.  I was working overseas and my initial plan was to buy an iPhone upon my return to the US.  However it was because of my trip that I decided against the iPhone.  Android was my next choice and of all the Android phones I looked at, the Galaxy S (aka Captivate) was clearly the best.I am not an iPhone hater, but I am going to compare and contrast this phone to the iPhone because I believe many who consider this phone also consider the iPhone and I want to share why I think this phone is the smarter choice.I don't have a clear answer as to who calls the shots, but neither AT&T; nor Apple will unlock an iPhone allowing it to be used on another network.  This might make sense if the phone stays in a single country.  However when traveling I need the ability to swap out the SIM card so I can have a number local to the country I am in.  I met a lot of expats where I was working and none of them owned an iPhone for this very reason.  It didn't matter if they were from the US, UK, or Germany, they didn't want a phone locked to a single carrier back home.My second issue with the iPhone is I can't easily use my Google Voice number with it.  I can with my Samsung.  It's really nice having a US number I can use anywhere in the world there's wifi or 3G and not having to pay hefty international roaming charges.Even if you don't plan to leave the country there are plenty of reasons to buy this phone and not an iPhone.1. It integrates very well with your Google account.  I instantly had my contacts, calendar, and email available to me.2. The audio quality is very good.  Others cannot believe I'm on a cell phone and I can hear them crystal clear.3. While hardly a home stereo system, the built-in speakers are quite good.4. You can use the phone like a flash drive and store any file anywhere you want.  There's no clumsy iTunes interface that restricts what you can store on your own phone.5. It plays every non-protected media format I throw at it.6. At first I thought the voice recognition was just a "gee whiz" feature, but it's very handy when in the car to be able to speak a destination or business and have it find it.  This feature works internationally.7. I own an iPod Touch and so far every app I have on that I have found for Android.On the downside.I'm not 100% happy with the battery life.  It's not any worse than an iPhone and I have adjusted my settings to squeeze more life out of each charge.  I just wish it lasted longer.The GPS is flakey.  It drops the satellite too often and takes too long to find them.  I'm told Samsung is aware of the problem and is working it.UPDATE!!  I had been able to use Google Voice from outside the United States.  This is no longer the case.  This isn't a fault of the phone, I can't dial out on my laptop either unless I am VPNed into the US.  However it does make the Android platform that much less desirable.  Other VOIP services are available, but none work as well as Google Voice.FURTHER UPDATE!!  After owning this phone for a month I've downgraded my rating to three stars.  I love the Android operating system.  It blows away iOS.  But I have too many hardware issues with the phone.  The battery life is absolutely pathetic.  A few hours and it's dead.  I have a battery saving app and keep wifi, Bluetooth, and GPS off unless I need them.  I updated the phone which was supposed to fix the GPS issue.  Now it doesn't lock on at all.  If I weren't traveling so much I'd be tempted to return the phone, or at least demand a replacement battery.  And lastly, I can't always answer the phone.  I swipe to answer and it instead drops the call or just keeps ringing.  I'll keep swiping and swiping until it finally goes to voice mail.

I am not going to repeat all the nice things said about this phone.  Yes, it is very fast, and the screen is beautiful, sound quality is excellent, and Android has not been mangled too badly by AT&T.;  I had to take two stars off though and for following reasons that have to do with basic fuctionality of the device: one star for GPS - it just plain doesn't work, so far it hasn't been able to see one satellite, by the window, outdoors - doesn't matter, nothing.  As a matter of fact, I feel that the lack of concern that Samsung and AT&T; show regarding this issue deserves an extra star.  The second star is taken for non-functioning Skype.  I spend a lot of time in buildings with no cellular reception but coverred with wi-fi, and using Skype as an alternative way of voice communication has been my plan when I bought the phone.  Skype, however, does not work on Captivate, at least not with current software.  Supposedly this will be rectified when Android is upgraded to 2.2, but so far AT&T; is silent on this issue, and it is not clear when and if such an update will be released.  So all in all, the hardware has great potential it just seems that neither manufacturer, nor carrier have particular interest in making it work properly.Update. After a visit to AT&T; store and a soft reset GPS now works well outside and in the car.  There is no reception indoors, but that really doesn't bother me that much.

I'm annoyed with the phone right now...so I'm going to start with the bad things.All touchscreen makes it difficult to text like a normal qwerty keyboard that you can feel.  I can't seem to buy apps on m phone.  AT&T; transfers me to Samsung who tells me to call Google who has no phone support.  I look on their support pages and find that tons of people are having the same error that I am getting trying to buy an app.  One would think that a marketplace that allows you to buy things would be good.I often touch my face to the screen accidentally activating or deactiving something.  If the phone gets hot, I might pull it away from my face making it difficult to hang up (since it's reliant on the touch screen).  What I mean is it detects when it's against your face and shuts off the display to save power I guess.  But when you pull it away, the screen will shut off too.  And since you won't be pulling it away from your face, it won't activate the screen easily to allow you to hang up.  I have to hit the power button to get the display to come up again.AT&T; blocks you from buying apps outside of the Android Marketplace.  And since I can't buy apps in the Android Marketplace...that means no apps for me...except the free ones.I do like how android phones have a bigger marketshare which means there is the potential for greater variety of apps available.  I'm being optimistic that someday I'll be able to buy one.I have good phone quality.  the MiniUSB connection or whatever could stay in the phone better.  It seems to fall out easily.  Especially if I don't use the exact one provided in the box...like a car charger.

At first glance, this phone is a great alternative to iPhone4.  However, this phone shuts off by itself automatically.  Both Samsung and AT&T won't openly acknowledge this deficiency and will try to blame on a bad batch of batteries.  If you want to miss calls all the time simply because your phone shuts off without you knowing it, go ahead and purchase this phone.  On the other hand, if you research this phone online, you'll find the shutting off problem is common with this phone.  Also, the performance looks great with this phone's specification.  Add a few more apps on this phone and you'll notice the sluggish performance.  One last thing.  This phone is capable of taking high quality videos.  That's cool, except that half of the time you'll get an error message and your video with the most precious moment did not saved.  The bottomline is to choose your smartphone wisely.

I was very enthusiastic about this Galaxy S phone, brilliant 4" touchscreen, Android OS and a host of other smartphone features, what else could I ask for? So I purchased one through Amazon Wireless in September for $99 with a two year upgrade on my family plan.Unfortunately I was not prepared for the reality. Some features simply did not work right and others didn't work at all. Even more frustrating has been the epic wait for an upgrade to Android OS 2.2 (Froyo) One drawback that I knew of and decided to swallow was allowing AT&T; to decide which apps would be available for your Android. After all the hype about openness and freedom to use the device the way you want, AT&T;'s Android phones all disappoint. Many of the best apps are not available (Firefox, Skype, and a bunch of other ones that are available on Verizon's Droids.) This has been increasing frustrating the longer I have had the phone.Let's continue in chronological order with the problems I found after purchasing the Captivate:First, I found out that email forwarding and sometimes replying would truncate the original text in the message after about one line of text. It was very embarrassing trying to forward a message to someone only to have them respond, "What are you talking about?"Second, I found out that Wifi, by default would turn off as soon as the screen turns off, meaning that if you were listening to Pandora on Wifi and you had a limited data plan, you could quickly find yourself over the data limit, even though you thought you were using Wifi. (cough*AT&T; conspiracy*cough) There is a hidden menu within the Wifi settings menu that allows you to set the Wifi sleep policy to never. More recently I have been having problems with Wifi where it appears that I am connected, but there is no internet connectivity, even with my home network. This has been a big issue for me as I have a 200MB monthly limit on data, and that would not be a problem if Wifi worked.Third, I found out on my Thanksgiving trip that the GPS DOES NOT WORK. I had read some complaints about the GPS on forums before, but didn't realize it was a problem affecting ALL Captivate phones (perhaps all Galaxy S phones)Maybe I was spoiled by my previous phone (Blackberry Curve 8310) which now seems much more plain than anything else out there, however, everything on that phone WORKED! emailing was flawless, GPS and Wifi always performed as expected (it didn't have Wifi ;)Samsung finally released a GPS "fix" called "GPS Restore" in early December that was supposed to calibrate the GPS and eliminate the problem for good. It turned out to be just smoke and mirrors. I don't use the GPS all the time but when I do, I need it to work. While trying to find a gas station off the highway earlier this week, I almost ran out of gas driving around, not knowing where I was. The GPS placed my two exits back with an accuracy radius of at least 2 miles. A few times the radius shrank down to a few hundred feet but still placed my in the wrong location. It just doesn't work and it is unacceptable.Finally, and this has been a problem from the start, we were promised Froyo within a couple of weeks, back in September. It is January and we are still stuck with android 2.1 while the Nexus S, which is practically the same phone, is running android 2.3 (Gingerbread) I blame mostly Samsung for this as other Galaxy S phones are also stranded waiting for the update. Interestingly, the rest of the world with a Galaxy S phone has already been updated to Android 2.2 so perhaps AT&T; should take part of the blame here. You may not think 2.2 vs 2.1 is a big deal, but believe me, it is. Froyo would allow you to forward emails and it even allows you to edit the text you are forwarding/ including in a reply. Supposedly it would fix the GPS issue, although I am skeptical of this and it would allow your phone to run much faster by fully utilizing its resources.Bottom line, If you are at all enthusiastic about this phone for any reason, you will be disappointed.Otherwise you may find it works for you and it is just fine. After all, it is has the best screen on the market, 4" Super AMOLED with the best colors I have ever seen on a phone. Only the iPhone can compete with the screen but on different parameters - its resolution is betterThe 1Ghz processor is fast, although it would be much faster on Froyo or Gingerbread if there is ever an update.The camera takes great pictures where there is enough light (no flash) and the video recorder is also surprisingly sharp for a phone.SWYPE is awesome, the best text entry experience on a phone.The Vibrate is very weak and I often do not feel it.Adobe Flash also doesn't work, maybe its not the latest version, maybe it just doesn't have flash, I don't know but it doesn't work.Finally, support has been a joke. AT&T; consistently tries to pass me off to Samsung, which tries to blame Google's Angroid for many of these issues, AT&T;'s update in September was supposed to fix the email issue and it appeared to fix it once, so that I get off their case, later on, I still couldn't forward messages. After describing all of these problems to Samsung they said they will be happy to fix everything if I only send my phone in for 6 days and let them reset it to factory settings (Thanks, but no thanks.)I will think very carefully if I ever want to get another AT&T; phone or another Samsung phone. Verizon's Droids seem a much better alternative but I would love to get my hands on a Nexus S, unfortunately I am locked in for another 20 months before I can even dream of dumping AT&T;.

I've had this phone for several months now. Simply put, I like it! Graphics is great, lots of functionalities. GPS works fine for me, but I use the Google Maps function, rather than AT&T;'s Navigation. Have not had any problems. I've had a few other smartphones before. The LG Vu is no good, nor is Nokia's Surge.Have only experienced minor problems with this one, mainly associated with the Email push program that I use to get work email. It has a tendency to crash randomly.I'm also waiting on the Fro-Yo upgarde. Don't know what AT&T; is waiting for? I also get the "No firmware" message when I try to check for firmware for the phone. Not sure what the deal is there. It doesn't seem to affect the phone's performance any.My only gripes are not with the phone, but with AT&T.; Seems AT&T; is not providing all the apps available on the Android Market, and of course some apps, like Skype, don't work at all. And of course the bloatware that AT&T; insists on putting on. But as I have so many apps, those icons just disappear with the rest of them, and I can move them to far far far back, so I don't ever have to see them. :)

AT&T;/Samsung announced Android 2.2 right from the release of the phone. Now that Samsung has released Android 2.2 for the Galaxy S, you would expect, that the Captivate is not far behind. Far from true. Neither AT&T;, nor Samsung is issuing a statement on what is happening with the Android 2.2 release. BTW. AT&T; Captivate's twin, the Rogers Captivate already includes Android 2.2 ([...]%282%29.pdf). I assume, that Android 2.3 would run on the Captivate as well, but I guess I have to give up hopes ever to receive an Android 2.3 update.The major drawback for not having Android 2.2 is, that applications like e.g Skype require Android 2.2 to function and that GPS is supposed to work better with Android 2.2.I am very disappointed with AT&T; as well as Samsung.

I've had my Captivate for just under a year and am very pleased with its performance & functionality. I did have to return my original Captivate for a new one because the first one kept shutting down by itself which was a known problem about a year ago. Today however because it lacks 4G connectivity and a dual core processor it is not competitive with other current offerings. In fact AT&T; has a replacement Captivate that does have 4G & a dual core processor about to be introduced to replace this model. The new one will also have a slide out physical QWERTY keyboard.While as many reviewers have stated this is an excellent smartphone the rapid pace of emerging technology has in my opinion made it outdated in a short amount of time. Since I tether my phone to my laptop the dual core processor & 4G connectivity are important features.Many Captivate owners have had a big problem with the GPS function being accurate. Fortunately I've never had that problem, my GPS is accurate.I use my phone for business rather than entertainment and one point worth noting is if you use Hotmail Windows Live allows auto synching w/ Outlook (contacts, calendar, email).If I was rating this phone before the 4G dual core processor models were available I would probably give it 5 stars but today I really don't see why anyone would choose it. It is also worth noting that shortly there will be 4G dual core processor phones available using the Ice Cream Sandwich Android platform (version 3) which is the latest version (some may already be available). This phone uses Froyo and will shortly be updated to Gingerbread.There's nothing wrong with this phone it's just not currently available state of the art technology.

PROS:great screenfast processorthin and lightandroid 2.2CONS:battery lifegps doesn't lock

An all around great phone, solid design, snappy, and absolutely beautiful screen.  Samsung has created a true I phone competitor and it resides on AT&T.

After using my iphone 3g for nearly two years, I decided it was time for a change. I loved my iphone, but with the problems the Iphone 4 was having and Apple's restrictiveness, it was time to move on. And the Captivate is making it an easy transition. I am free of Apple's chains and can move my phone from computer to computer.Pros-Email-I put three email accounts, one was a pop 3 account (I had the server and port numbers with me) and it was a breeze to set up. I left each account separate, but I could combine them into one box if I wanted.Ringtones-You can make your own ringtones from the songs you put on there and all it takes a a simple application.Contacts- When you put in your contacts it will link to that person's twitter account and google. It will automatically put the pictures and email in if they are listed.Signal- The call quality seems to be good, no complaints.Widgets- Still playing with these, but it pretty cool. You can set up different home screens with clocks and weather on them.Price- Why pay $199 for an iphone 4 when amazon could give me a phone that is just as good for $19.99, plus you can add insurance with it.Data transfer- You can plug in your phone to any computer and then with a USB just transfer them to your phone. You can email them or open them and work on them.Cons-Ease-This phone is not as user friendly as the iphone and it takes some getting used to.Cutandpaste- The cut and paste feature is awful. You really have no ability to cut and paste.Battery- Battery life is not that great, but the good news is it is a replaceable battery, so if its gets too bad you can get a new one.GPS- I have not used this feature that much yet, but so far it is pretty terrible.So far I am loving this phone!!

I am really satisfied with Samsung Galaxy phone.I used Samsung cell phone before.I like every application. Now I'm enjoying.I strongly recommend you!!

This is very feature rich phone, you can do a lot with it.I don't miss LED for camera as low light picture are good if taken in appropriate mode.First couple of days battery was drying up pretty fast. But then I turned off the auto brightness adjustment feature and set the brightness to lowest level also moved from moving wallpapers to static once and saw a marked improvement in battery life.I have used it for a week and i am impressed with it.

Samsung copped out on repair of 4 month old phone. Claimed "corrosion voided warranty."  Phone spent 2 months in high humidity of Key West, FL.Phone went to "Green Screen of Death" during upgrade to Android 2.2 one month after return from Florida.Does the FTC need to force Samsung to disclose this design weakness?  Will discontinue touting this phone to friends.  Would have been a great phone if it were built properly.To remain on ATT I will need to spend more $ on an HTC Inspre.  Really dissapointed in Samsung's rigid and unrealistic customer "service", (Sic.)I would strongly discourage anyone buying this phone for use in any but the driest climates, (e.g. desert.)

I wanted to like this phone. I really did. In my mind Samsung has become synonymous with quality. They dropped the ball on their Galaxy S series phones though. But for today, let's look at the Captivate. First and foremost: No Frozen Yogurt (android 2.2) update. Even older, less powerful phones are getting this update and we are being left out to wolves. To clarify why this is important: The froyo update allows your phone to play moving .gif files, allows for flash, speeds up performance tremendously, fixes bugs in the keyboard that cause 'fat fingers' so to speak. The update was promised many many months ago, but month by month has been pushed back. Samsung just doesn't care to keep this (or any Galaxy S) phone updated.Now lets get to the problems of the phone: See that 512 MB ram? No, you don't. because the phone bottlenecks it at this point. They don't tell you that part. It's maxed out at 300 some odd megabytes until a later Android update (not even 2.2 though) can unlock it. The thing is, we're only promised 2.2. So the entire 512mb may never be unlocked. Sneaky eh? I though so too. You know that 5.0 megapixel camera it raves about? That would be awesome, if it had a lens flash. Now let me tell you what that means. Flash not only lightens up a room so you can see in low light, it also 'crisps' out a picture to look smooth and genuine. This is absolute fact. Professional photographers can attest to this. Without flash every picture, every single one, will come out fuzzy. "What about swype, that new typing feature Samsung is pushing?" I wanted to give this a good review, but I just can't. It's horrible. It isn't accurate in the slightest even if you spell a word correctly. And God forbid you don't know how to spell a word. The original Android keyboard is quite literally 100x better than Swype. I forced myself to use it for a majority of my ownership, finally I couldn't take it anymore. There is no 'getting used to it,' it just does not function well. While the main screen is very responsive, the bottom buttons (also touch based) are not. And I'm not talking about low responsiveness here, I'm talking near 'throw your phone against the wall' low responsiveness. They will not click for anything in the world.The Good: I had to to dig deep for this. The phone is like any other Android smartphone. Look at the specks it brags about. All those are excellent. Wifi? Awesome! 1Ghz processor? Great! 5.0 megapixel Camera and video? Absolutely wonderful! The thing is: these can be found on almost ANY of the latest smartphones. Really. Go to another product page, open it up and compare the two. Now see if that phone has the cons I listed. Now make your choice.Before I go, I would like to say this phone has ONE thing others do not. The Super AMOLED screen. And brother, this screen is beautiful. Absolutely lovely. AMOLED technology is like LED LCD on steroids. It will just blow you out of the water. Bright colors, dark darks. Vibrant and beautiful. It will make movies look more stunning than watching them on your HDTV, and this is no exaggeration. This technology is more advanced than that new $1800 3D tv you bought.With that being said, it just doesn't warrant all the problems this phone has. I say again, I wanted to like this phone. I really did. But I can't recommend it. Please, please, save yourself the trouble and find another suitable phone. Samsung has really dropped the ball on this one and they frankly do not care. Our voices have been screaming for answers ever since this phone has come out, and they provide none.

The phone is very nice but...the GPS is useless.  Worse than useless in that it will waste a lot of your time trying to get it to work.  Even the "updates" from Samsung do nothing to help.Also the phone likes to flash and beep when done charging which is a great pleasure when trying to sleep.  Why does it need to order you to unplug it from the charger?  Everybody charges while sleeping.Cry

This phone is not only a phone but a computer in your hand. The resolution is fantastic, the speed is great, the feature set is huge. The battery lasts about 2 days stock and up to a week with some tweaks.

After doing a rather extensive research I got this phone, yes I evaluated it over Iphones, other Androids, My own windows Phone etc.First I'm gonna start with the con's that I see... cause they are so little :DTo short battery life ( but you can have several batteries, car charger wall charger, charge it on the pc and what not )The camera sometimes lags a BIT, but just a tad.. and normally I take video in low light, I have to test it a bit more.Pros:No idea where to start, this thing is called a "phone" but it's basically another pc, I have not tested the Bluetooth so I can't talk about it but here's my review on other things ( I come from a windows mobile phone , the tytn II )The screen is just exquisit, it looks vivid, bright, clean and inviting, it does not hurt you to use it for hours and hours, I wish my pc monitor and tv monitor where samoled, I really have to say that since I got this phone I have used it ( amongst many other things ) as a book reader, without any strain, actually I have read 2.5 books so far, and I really love it, I use the Adobe Pdf viewer from the market or the Quickoffice Pdf viewer.The 3G that it has is super fast, much better than on my other phone, it connects in seconds and well also the wifi, but I love how it automatically switches from wifi to 3g depending on the fact that it finds the wifi network or not, normally I'm not even aware what network it's using unless the 3g lags but that's not the phone that's the 3g.The sensitivity of the screen is so so good, that even my almost 2yo daughter uses this phone, she uses simple games like mole,mole,mole, or talking tom ( all from the marketplace ) so really you don't have to be a genius to use this, heck also my mom that is 60+++ has used it, and she loves it, specially the fact that because the screen is so large that she can actually see it.oh The volume is great, and the reception is awesome as well, the speaker-phone feature is extremely good ( sometimes you would wish for a bit more volume, but still it's extremely good )The camera, I love the camera, but I love even more that I can take a video and just send it right to youtube, ( IN HD and all ), so I don't even need my pc to upload the videos to it then to youtube, direct upload is awesome.Also I love the widget it has for social medial, I can wake up and check up facebook, twitter and myspace, even comment and reply, ( even post if I wakeup in the middle of the night ) on that widget I also have the weather forecast, and AP news, so basically I can do "basic" chores while still in bed, get informed, check the twits, and see if it's gonna be rainy :DOh the Youtube app it has is AWESOME, and once again it's used a lot by my daughter, she loves to see kids clips there, so she really likes that, and I don't have to go to the PC to put her videos.oh Also I have a HTPC, ( home theater pc ) that's windows 7 using the windows media center, that I control with a physical remote, but now I also control it from the phone ( over wifi, not IR )It's so light, that I really can use it basically all day, oh and I use it for instant messaging as well..The other viewers it has are awesome, specially skyfire, where you can watch justin.tv ( yesterday I saw toystory again ), and I would LOVE this phone to have netflix support that's the only thing I'm missing really.of course it can be used as a video player since it has TV out, not HDTV but TV out, RCA out, ( yellow, white, red ), oh and the allshare dnla server, great either watch the videos of the HTPC or the PC on the phone or send the videos to the xbox360 or to the TV, or pc.Also due to the huge amount of games this has, I have not used my PSP as much lately, but I've been playing a lot on this, most games are quite good and since they use screen  controls or tilting as controls they are different, my wife that is not a gamer at all, has been playing this game called angry birds that is quite addictive and fun. ( she takes the phone whenever I'm not using it to play )Oh the keyboard is great, the swype is a great way to input text, I had to use the stylus on the tytn and never really wrote anything on it, unless I was using it from the PC, on this one I actually write, ( as I said before, its basically another pc not a phone )Oh the camera 5mp, for me is GREAT but I love the little things it has like one touch click to focus, now I can just focus on what I want with one click and the phone calculates the correct depth of field so everything else becomes blurry, ( so much for learning how to take professional pictures ) but you can also do things manually if you like to, or use it as a point and shoot camera, of course your images will be instantly uploaded to picasa, and that's a feature I DO LOVE, since I love to have my images saved online just in case.I have also used this phone as a webcam, as a microphone for the pc, as a barcode scanner and well so many things it's has been amazing.I'm really excited about this phone and can't wait to see what the future will bring.I have to say, that I do know windows 6.5 and I've used it a lot but I do not understand why all the fuzz of windows 7 ( mobile operative systems of course ), of windows 7 to use the phone and get out fast... I actually enjoy using my phone.

After my almost 2 year old Samsung Eternity had a swim in a glass of coca cola(and survived but is starting to act up a bit)and has been trusted, sturdy and reliable, I decided to stick with Samsung and check out the Captivate and Android. (Still not drawn to the iphone...)It was with much anticipation the Captivate arrived, and I have spent a lot of time in the last few days checking it out. I believe all the technical stuff has been covered by others more savvy than me, but for what it's worth I'll throw in my few cents:- Having this big beautiful screen and all the apps to play with, of course you want to play with it. However, I found that I burned through the battery very fast and had to charge it twice a day. It did help to download the App Killer which stops selected items from running all the time. But still.When you go in and look at how the battery is used, the majority of the power goes to just the display, although I had it at 30 sec. timeout and lowest brightness setting.Not much point for me having a phone with all those possibilities, but not juice to make a phone call in the afternoon. Especially since this is my primary phone.- I liked the USB/ adapter charger, but the cord for some reason is quite a lot shorter than what I'm used to, making it hard for me to use the phone while it's charging/ plugged in.- I disliked that the power button and the volume button are located in the same spot on opposite sides of the phone, as I found it difficult to not hit both by accident when trying to either adjust volume or unlock it, and vice versa (with one hand).- By the way there is a double lock on this phone: you first need to press the power button, then slide the screen (there are different ways to do that) and I found this cumbersome. But there's an app for that (!) which eliminates the slide unlock :)- Others have complained that there is no text correction function, but there actually is if you use the Samsung keyboard: hold and press the [123] button and voila! LOVE the keyboard, what an upgrade from the Eternity!- Where I live (Nantucket Island) the signal bar has been very dicey. I have not had a dropped call and the sound is crystal clear, but compared to the Eternity (best coverage I have ever had) it made me a bit weary.- The included headphones are great with 3 sizes of bud cushions to fit your ear canal. However, as far as I can see it only works with the music player and not as a hands free. (?)- Big sure is beautiful, but this phone is too big for me, although it's very slim and light. Coming from the Eternity it felt like it was a handful, even without a protective cover.And speaking of which... the phone is so new that I have not been able to get a cover for it, which has made me a little nervous to use it in the event I want to return it. There are some out there, but most are not available until around mid August.There are so many things I love about this gadget, and it's been a tough decision to send it back... but that's what I'm doing; primarily because of the battery life, signal bars and size. I give it 4 stars although it may qualify for 5, simply because it doesn't fit my needs as much as I would want it too.

First Off Amazon should only allow reviews from people who purchased the items from there site.I usually will only review items that I have purchased directly from amazon as verifiable proof of my purchase for the people reading the review, But all these bogus reviews made me want to add my 2cents. I have been using an Iphone 3g for awhile now and the cons for me have me looking for an Iphone replacement. So far I have tried the n97 mini which I would still own if it wasn't for the battery life. also tried the X6, the Backflip, and the Captivate. I bought and returned the captivate from best buy. Amazon has better pricing.Ok now for the CaptivatePROSDisplayBattery Life was good (equal to Iphone 3g)Android was easy to use and figure outCONS (for me)No in box softwarebad manualLack of help on Samsung sitefile transfer to phonenot outlook compatibleI returned this phone because there wasn't anyway to transfer files to phone without an external memory card. I downloaded drivers and Kies program from Samsung. Neither would work in getting the phone to connect to my computers &lt;--- notice the s I have 5 computers from xp to vista to windows 7 and none would connect. To get my 400 or so work contacts to the phone I had to create a gmail account, go to outlook and export contacts to comma separated value, then import those to gmail----what a pain, after that the phone syncs with gmail on its own. I would have loved to keep this phone but this just wasnt an easy thing to deal with. I actually use my phone all day at work and I expect to charge a battery with the amount of use I an doing. But I really think they released this phone just to get it out there.

This phone is great in concept but falls short of it's impressive stats due to many features that are unusable or what i would call un configurable.I mean lets look at the lock screen no way to adjust or control it period.The phone does have a great screen but another nagging issue is when you are talking on the phone and recieve a text or new phone call and you look and notice the screen has locked  ARRRGH what a pain.Plus volume is so low you need to be right near the phone or you will miss calls,also people the other end have reported crackling and low speech from my end which i was also experiencing my end.Luckily amazon was nice enough to let me trade out and i think it was a big trade up to the wonderful Blackberry torch which i highly recommend .see my review Oct 23rd.

From Nokia "bricks", to Blackberries, to HTC, i've owned a vast array of phones throughout the past decade. To date, this one has been the worst;It is not the worst for lack of technology-this it does possess. My major gripe with this phone is its reliability.Whether I am texting, typing in an address, or any other function that utilizes the keyboard, it will sporadically quit or lag on me (this is for the two years I have owned it).Another major frustration I have with the phone is its ability to lock into a GPS signal. It will take several minutes if ever to get a signal. 95% of the time, it ends up losing signal while I am driving ending with me getting lost repeatedly.Talk signal is average.Camera is fine although a flash could have been appreciated.I would never recommend this phone to anyone.

All right guys - So here is the review which you all have been waiting for.Yes the phone looks great and you may really like to show it off to your friends.I purchased the phone with a lot of expectation thinking it is Android, 300k activations a day, well remarkable numbers. So I decided to purchase the best on ATT network (other than iPhone) "Samsung Captivate". But this phone, even though attractive, has many issues which are all backed by many Android forums (Try Searching Online)1. The phone will power off after long inactivity. Its like sleep in night and wake with your phone dead. Even though the battery is fully charged. This is a standard problem which neither Samsung nor ATT has addressed since its release.2. There is no software comes with the phone (Like iTunes). IF you search online, you may find "Kies" which is Samsung software available outside of US. But even if you download, say from Singapore website, it wont recognize the phone. Why? Because Samsung has put the restriction. Just crazy!3. There are many many problems on installing the driver or not finding it on Windows 7, primarily with SD card. You may have to follow a few workaround steps to get through.4. Samsung support is extremely bad, well at least by my and many other's experience. Try clicking their chat support and it always says "due to higher volume, we are unavailable"5. ATT and Samsung way too behind in providing an OD upgrade. Google as of Dec 2010 is out with Gingerbread, and there is no sign of even Froyo on Samsung Captivate.6. Phone comes bundled with many ATT useless applications which simply consume the phone storage. There is no way you can get rid of them.7. No flash support which Android claims (unless Froyo or future versions are available for this phone).So do your research, and get the best phone that suits your needs. Yeah it can even be even Samsung Captivate, but keep the above points in mind.Update 02/16: After using this phone for almost 3 months now, I still hold on to my review. The device has no comparison to iPhone.8. No Front Camera, No LED Flash9. GPS does not work (till date)10. Data Hogger Android (You cant even download an app unless you have background data enabled), will consume your data plan fairly quickly.11. Now honeycomb is out, but this device still runs on 2.1!!12. AT&T; and Samsung sits between you and Google for any update which takes years to pass on

My experince based on a Samsung Captivate (Galaxy breed) purchased at an ATT store on its release day.Problems with GPS from day one... you may reach your destination before the GPS finds the locationATT already replaced my first phone within 12 months of purchase because of some issuesPhone reboots itself intermittentlyPhone stopped vibrating (hardware failure)... well, I already missed some important appoinments because of this... I am still under my 2 year ATT contract. Warranty doesn't cover the cost after 1 yearA thin layer of transparent coating on the plastic (near the edge of glass) has started peeling offSpeaker sounds too weakSamsung support: Always responds quickly, but I keep hearing that "do that... do this" which resulted in a couple of factory resets and I ended up reconfiguring the phone for no reason. Finally, I hear from the service person "sorry you are out of warranty" (are you kidding? less than 2 years life for such an expensive device?)What I like about the phone: The quality of the screen and touch screen response. Reasonable battery life.Problem Summary: These phones are not built to last for more than couple of months for an average user like me. My 4 year old Motorola phone is still dependable.My Next phone: HTC or Motorola (I am not a iPhone fan)

This phone is great when it's working properly.  Unfortunately, that doesn't happen.  I exchanged this phone twice, but when the third malfunctioned, I gave up.  I had each phone for around a month and they were treated well (no damage, no falls, no water).Phone #1This phone arrived damaged, but I didn't realize it.  First, the charger didn't stay snugly in the phone (I thought it was a quirk of all the phone).  Second, the phone would randomly shut itself off.  I did a search online and apparently this is a common Samsung Captivate issue.  So I got a replacement from AT&T.;Phone #2This phone worked about a two weeks then decided to stop connecting to wifi.  I got a replacement from AT&T.;Phone $3This one lasted three weeks.  Then a white line appeared across the screen and wouldn't leave.  This also seems to be a fairly common Samsung Captivate/Galaxy issue.  After this phone, I opted for a different phone entirely.All in all, I loved this phone during the brief periods of time when it would work properly.  But going through 3 of them, all of which lasted less a month, sours a person.  There is clearly a quality control issue at Samsung and I will never purchase another Samsun phone.

I purchased this phone last fall when the price on Amazon was 39.99. and $200 at AT&T; stores.  I was surprised that Android does not support BT voice dialing.  Then I read that FROYO would fix the lack of BT Voice dialing.  WRONG!  Maybe on other Android phones or other Galaxy S phones on other carriers but not the Captivate on AT&T.;If you need a phone that will work with your blue-tooth device so you can make hands-free calls find another phone.

It is truly my fault for buying this phone.  I accept that.  And it may be that I'm just not cut out for Android.  I accept that as well.  I'm used to upgrades that don't fail for no clear reason and kill your phone.  Maybe that's such a 20th Century attitude.  My first over the air upgrade did just that, and utterly bricked the phone.  Luckily I was within my 30-day purchase window and was able to exchange it.  That's right: about a week into owning the phone, it died.  Having gotten another one, thinking this a fluke, I was able to upgrade to the next level of Android, 2.2, only to have that kill my ability to get a decent signal.  I have had 3G and five bars and been *unable to send a text*.  And now trying to upgrade to 2.3 in hopes of fixing my issues, the phone bricks itself again.  With no error message given.  And I just spent close to an hour with Samsung Live Chat where they weren't even paying attention to what I was telling them was happening and thus giving me erroneous problem determination info.This is a great phone if you like to tinker and mess around and not get things done.  I would have loved it and seen it as a challenge back in the day when I didn't have better things to do.  If you need a hobby, then this phone is perfect for you.  If you need a phone, however, then stay away for your own good.  And if you own one of these and it hasn't made you so angry that you want to punch kittens, then consider yourself lucky.

This is my first smartphone, and I must say that I prefer the reliability of the old brick phones. This one freezes all the time and requires the 3G to be turned on to receive simple picture messages. The old basic phones did not consider picture messages to be media/data. Very annoying. I hate the touch screen... it is too sensitive and it always looks dirty. It is scratched easily, so you have to buy a protector if you don't want it marked up. It feels much more vulnerable than other phones and I drop it more because it is so long and thin that it flips easily or slides out of pockets/purses. It is oddly shaped and not easy to hold. The phone easily unlocks itself and things get turned on without my knowledge (like Bluetooth or apps get opened, etc.). Also, you cannot rest the phone on your shoulder while talking to someone because your face will turn the mute button on or hang up on people. The horrible service provided by AT&T; is probably what really seals the deal on this being the worst phone ever. I almost never have reception, so the phone turns itself onto flight mode to preserve battery power. Every time I pull it out of a bag or walk into a new building, it shows no service and after about two minutes, it will finally say "Auto Update of Date & Time" and then allow me to make calls.I realize this was an early version of an alternative to iPhones, so I hope that a lot of these issues have been corrected in newer models. I love Google, and have been impressed with their other products, which gives me confidence in their later models.My advice: Get a newer version of these phones and stay away from AT&T;.

I have had this phone for little more than a year. It is okay for simple tasks. Battery time is a killer. keep a charger on your side every spot you go. the most serious problem I have had with this phone is the lack of synchronization with your outlook account. Kiesk doesn't work whatever you try. Other than Kiesk, there is really no comprehensive solution to keep your data synched between your computer and phone. stay away if you have better options.

After 2 years of the iPhone with minimal personalization, no multiple apps, crummy reception and excessive dropped calls; I could not be happier with my Captivate. I have yet to have a call dropped, great screen, battery life is reasonable if you manage it. There is a bit of adjustment to it, but Apple is no longer telling me how and when to use my phone. It's light but sturdy. It's a shame this phone is not getting more attention.

Well, first off i'd like to say that this phone is alright. All of those reviews out there about major bugs and all that jazz are wrong....unless you get it from some random 3rd party seller. It has an amzing amoled screen meaning that the screen is aligned with the buttons (integrated for short) the swype texting a fun and also the internet it fast.... im on this phone from a samsung eternity.. BUT i've used my friends iphone 4 and not impressed with it. The customizable freedom on the captivate is amazing and the calls are clearMy main cons are:1. SOMETIMES the phone wont mount to the computer therefore making me take the sd out and putting it an adapter(problem fixed)2. There aren't that many good, sleek (protective) cases out there, but don't get me wrong the ottor box defender case is ver very protective (and what i have)SO, overall i still am giving it a 3/5. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a highly customizable OS.....hope this helped you!*Update* 11/15/2012- I have recently been through a handful of phones prior to my purchase of the Captivate. Galaxy S2, S3, and finally an Iphone 5. Now that I look back on the phone, it may have seemed powerful at one point but now it is a shadow.

I initially had a love / hate relationship about this phone.  The love portion deals with the overall phone appearance (good looking phone); the size (fits in my hands and I can operate with one hand - right or left); the monitor is very clear and has great colors; the phone is well balanced and the overall weight is good.  The phone is easy to navigate; Bluetooth feature is good (hey, the paring codes is 0000); the WIFI feature is easy to set-up and the phone does a great job is recognizing a WIFI zone.  It shows you the zones and gives you the option to accept. The phone sound quality is good as well as the reception (better than my 4 year old Blackberry).  The notification feature is very good.  I love the swipe feature for password...very good.  Battery life seems to be okay, I can get through a full day without re-charging the battery.My hates deals with the email feature for Microsoft Outlook (POP3 server) and the much missed information regarding this phone such as:1) There is NO synch feature with Microsoft Outlook via POP3 (like Blackberry).  The USB cable that comes with the phone is used for power (with the electric adaptor) and mass transfer.  It's not for synching with Outlook.2) I have two email accounts on this phone; GMAIL and Outlook.  Outlook is my main email (I've had this account for over 15 years).  The GMAIL account works perfectly as this is a Google based phone; the phone email and calendar are based on Google.  Now I have Outlook working (well to a point).  I'm getting my Outlook emails, but the phone deletes the Outlook emails within 2 hours of receiving them (It doesn't delete them from the server).  I spoke with the Samsung Tech Rep and he acknowledged this problem and said I was one of the few that got MS Outlook to work to this level.3) This phone is loaded with ATT bloatware; and you can't delete it.  I don't recall this being the case with IPhone (we have 3 in my family).4) I purchased this phone to watch online video streaming like ESPN3.Com college football.  Well, the phone has the capabilities but ATT forces you to use their Mobile Video appl.  And this appl turn-off your WIFI connection.  Yes, ATT forces you to use their 3G network and it's just doesn't have the muscle and coverage.  Oh yeah, you must pay ATT $15 a month to use this appl.Here what would have helped me before purchasing this phone:1) MS Outlook works on this phone, but you don't have full features and synch with the PC (You get all of this with IPhone).2) The phone calendar is based on Google.  There is software from Google which synch the Google calendar with your MS Outlook calendar.  And it works well.3) BEFORE YOU CONNECT THE PHONE TO YOUR PC:  My sure the phone is fully powered, the change the phone USB feature by: go to the phone setting,  then the application, then to USB setting, then change it to mass storage.4) ATT forces you to use their Mobile Video appl to watch on-line TV/Video; even if you're a Comcast customer who has access to on-line TV and video.5) Bluetooth pairing code: 00006) Loaded with ATT bloatware that you can't delete.7)  As of 10/5/2010, there's NO software download required for this phone7) Don't call ATT and/or go to their stores if you have any questions regarding this phone.  Just call Samsung Tech SupportI've had this phone for a week now; and have had a love / hate relationship.  It's more love than hate now since I've found solutions to the calendar and the MS Outlook issue is workable for me.  I'm still not pleased with the ATT approach to online video, but I don't have any other options with ATT as my family has three IPhones (wife and kids).  I would go with the IPhone 4 but it definitely has dropped call issues.  I think the future will be IPhone and Android so I'm planning on keeping this phone...if Apple doesn't fix the IPhone 4 drop calls by the end of the month (just joking)....UPDATED (10-19-2010).  I can't deal with the at&t; bloatware (att nav and other) and the phone continues to delete my email from the phone. I had enough and returned the phone for an Iphone 4.  At least it works with Microsoft Outlook. I'm given the phone two stars.

This is coming from an iPhone user for over 2 years and thought there was no phone better than the iPhone. I was also being told by my fellow "iPhoners" that I would find nothing comparable...WRONG! This phone WAY passed ALL expectations! I have only had the phone a little over a month and have found so many more useful apps on this phone! The camcorder made a BEAUTIFUL video of my nephew's 1st Christmas. Picture quality and sound quality were wonderful without me even trying. I loved the Navigator...the phone uses the whole screen and it is a very clear picture and volume is very clear so the directions come through loud and clear even with other people in the vehicle talking. YouTube video quality in my opinion is so much better than the iPhone! I could go on and on! It was a very smart move on my part and well worth the switch! I am so glad I gave it a try! In my book, an iPhone killer definitely! The only thing I do miss on my iPhone is "Words with Friends" but I will get over that! I will never go back to Apple!

I just upgraded from an old LG Shine. This is my first smart phone and first touch screen. The features and customization are great. As with any carrier branded phone, there are a lot of apps that you can't remove. But with so many personalized home screens, you never have to see them.Camera is ok. Takes beautiful photos and video in good light. Dim light is almost useless. A flash is greatly missed. Apps and websites load quick. The 1GHz cpu is very noticeable if you compare to less powerful phones.Texting takes some getting used to. Feels cramped even in landscape mode. Swype works good, I'm getting quicker with it after only 2 days. Swype is optional if you don't like it.I find myself hitting the power/standby button a lot while grabbing the phone. Not major, but annoying.The call quality is decent. Clear, but not very loud. I work in a loud environment (live music) and can't hear the phone ring. Calls are hard to hear with background noise. If you arent normally in a really loud area, it's fine.Battery isnt terrible. I used it for 13 hours today and used 1/4 of the battery. That was web browsing, texting, and making about 10 phonecalls. Playing games, streaming music, and watching youtube will always drain your battery...no matter what phone you use.Overall, the phone is excellent. No phone is perfect, but for my needs...I'm happy with my purchase. I text more than call and use the web a lot. This review typed on the phone after 2 days of use. Will update my review after a week, when the "cool new toy" excitement wears off.

This is my first touch screen phone. I wanted the larger buttons that touch screens offer. At first I wasn't that impressed with this phone. But after using for the past week and getting use to the where things are at. I can finally say that it is a great phone. The reception is good, sound quality is good. I wished the blue tooth would connect up on it's own instead of me having to turn blue tooth on for connecting. I had upgraded the Android system to 2.2 and it was very easy to do. Just a couple of clicks and waiting for the download to finish was all it took. The only suggestion I would have is to have a larger capacity battery to give it longer battery life.March 10: Let me add to my review now since I've received the phone. After I've gotten to use and remembering where things are at I really like this phone. In fact I'm going to give it the full 5 stars. This phone is easy to use. Switched over from a Nokia which I've always liked. I just had to go through a learning curve with the Captivate. I'm pretty comfortable with the phone but I know I will still learn something new about the phone in the future. As mentioned in my original review I wished the battery in the phone had more capacity. It's not terribly short battery life but my just wanting something perfect. I've seen others complain about the GPS, but for my phone it has been good for me. I've only used it for tracking and it seems accurate. WiFi works just fine.Aug 13: After looking over some of the comments about some of the problems I guess I must be lucky to not have any of the problems that others have had. The big thing I would agree with is the rather short battery life. I just top it of nightly after daily use.Oct 3: I did end up having to replace my phone. The problem with random shut downs showed up in my phone. The replacement phone has been working fine for the past 5 months. Went to the local AT&T; office and they replaced it without any problems. Great service. The biggest problem I see so far with this phone is the lack of software connect to my computer. The program Samsung program Kies doesn't seem to connect to my phone. After much use I do have to complain about the battery life. After one call the battery uses quite a bit of the battery. If you talk a lot with this phone you will be need to recharge frequently. I have changed my rating to be 3 stars now and it is due mainly to the poor ability to connect with a PC. This is why I bought this smartphone.

I got this phone new on 9Aug2010 and had to place an order for a replacement the next day. Maybe I got a bad one...I don't know. I do know it was frustrating to try to navigate through the screens as it kept reverting back to the home screen, no matter what I did. Behavior just seemed erratic. A replacement phone is on its way, so the jury is out still on how well this phone will perform. I will update my review after round two...Chas

I love the look and feel of this phone; great screen, nice still camera, video camera, android alternative to iPhone, etc. I've had it for about 4 months.There's basically one reason I gave this only 3 stars at this point. I travel a lot and need a GPS device.  The GPS system on this phone is laughably inaccurate; it has difficulty fixing a proper location and as a result it is constantly rerouting you as you head toward your destination.  Virtually impossible to use in an unfamiliar city location - hmmmm, isn't that precisely where you need to use your GPS?  I'm hopeful that Samsung will develop a fix for this.  Otherwise, this alone will be enough for me to get rid of the phone after my contract expires.  In the meantime I'll go back to carrying a separate GPS device.11/28/2010 update - A firmware update was released that's supposed to fix the GPS issue.  I installed the update - it doesn't.  Still pretty much worthless as a navigation aid.  One other thing I should have mentioned in my initial review:  with its large, beautiful screen, this phone uses a lot of energy.  Most days, where I go to the office and am not using frequently during the day, I usually just get to the end of the day and the battery is depleted. On days with heavier use, such as when I'm traveling, I need to re-charge during the day.  A car charger accessory is essential.

I was hesitating about getting this phone because of some of the complaints about it. But Amazon's penny deal was just too good to pass up.  I've had the phone for a week now and couldn't be more pleased.  This is my first smartphone (my previous phone was the Nokia E71X, but I didn't have a data plan) and it is SO easy to use! I love swype, it's so much easier than other texting methods and I don't miss my physical keyboard at all. Voice search is also available and works well.I have absolutely no complaints other than the quick battery drain.  However, I plan to buy a spare battery and keep that charged (can't do that with an iphone). Other than that, this phone is like magic!Update: I still love this phone (though I wish Samsung or AT&T; would finally give us either Froyo or Gingerbread).  However, I have experienced some random phone shutdowns when I think the phone is sleeping.  I downloaded the Captivate Keep Alive app and this seems to work.

Dont buy any cell from amazon. it takes very slow to process order, and no one knows what is going on my order when i contacted them. Buy from other phone websites.

im not a big phone geek but this phone is sooo user friendly and easey to use!! i have always gone with samsung phones because of there pressure sensitive screens instead of the usual heat sensitive screens. i do love pressure sensitive screens because there easey to use with my nails. the captivate is NOT pressure sensitive but the sreen is so huge that texting is not a problem for me! It also has the cool talk to text feature on the android keyboard witch means i dont have to type at all!!!! this phone is sooo fun i havent put it down!!!! love it buy this phone!!!

Excellent phone. Had it for 2 weeks now. Compared to my old Windows HTC.The Bad first:- Battery and battery is bad. 6 hours if heavy internet/app use. 1 day for light use. Keep a charger with you.- Slow to load up after being turned off, several minutes.- No Camera Flash or LED for notifications. No Front camera.- May slow down with many applications but not freezed yet.- No physical phone buttons to hang up or call.- Very slow GPS navigation.- Voice quality could be better and louder.- Limited customization.Good:- Fast enough for most people. Did not freeze yet.- Upgraded to Android 2.2. Great OS.- Screen, very good quality and responsive.- Camera resolution is very good in daylight.- Can Skype, Video/Voice chat, Pandora.- Good Speaker.- Apps every where for everything.- Can disable 3G and go with WiFi if needed for data overage.Recommended.No more Windows phone for me or HTC. Last two of these; Freezes all the time, slow, stopped working after warranty expired, bad screen and NO APPLICATION that can be used. Makes a good phone useless..

After nearly a month and a half with my Captivate I love it, but there are some issues.  When I press Call to phone a contact, waiting 5-15 seconds is the norm to hear the other parties phone finally ringing.  And sometimes it takes up to 30 seconds to actually start dialing a number after you press the Call button.  Seldom, if ever, has it dialed the number immediately after pressing Call (maybe I got a bad apple?).  What if I needed 911 NOW?When the screen is off, to get back to the home screen on the phone you have to press the right side button, then swipe across the screen as the phone becomes locked (for security reasons I assume).  Still, the HTC Aria I tried before getting the Captivate did not have that little glitch.Speaking of the HTC Aria, I much preferred the HTC Sense droid interface to the Samsung TouchWiz interface.  The HTC Sense experience just seems much cleaner with many more options/apps/and widgets to further customize the Android experience.  The Aria was a little sluggish at times, but then so is the Captivate, which is quite shocking to me.  However, the Captivate is not as sluggish as often as the Aria by a long shot.  One thing I measured that by was a great game I bought when I had the Aria, Homerun Battle 3D.  After the game loads up and on the first pitch, the Aria would always cause me to miss that same pitch by freezing for a split second after the pitcher throws the ball, which would have it sliding over home just as I gained control again.  The Captivate runs the game flawlessly from the get go.Today, my Captivate started rebooting over and over for no apparent reason.  The only thing that would stop it was a hard reboot, me pulling the battery for a few minutes.  This is the first time this has happened, but I will be keeping an eye on it.I'm in no way as dissatisfied as this review seems to indicate, on the contrary, I do love the huge 4" screen, and as everyone has already mentioned, the AMOLED screen gets everyone drooling for the Captivate.  The internal memory is more than ample to allow downloading of different apps to try out and further customize the droid experience.  The light weight of the phone is very welcome to me, as using a light phone after being on a computer all day at work is great on my hands.I will update my review in a few months, and hopefully some of these items I mentioned will have been addressed and fixed.  Maybe the next Android update will fix some of the TouchWiz bugs, or even have the option to cut it off and use the stock Android interface built into all Android phones.  But the slow dialing has me perplexed and just about ready to ask for a replacement Captivate.

I've had the Samsung Captivate for about a week now. After researching extensively, I have finally found a true competitor to the iPhone 4. Well, not really, because the Captivate is much better. I'll just add a couple of things to all the other reviews:* Larger screen, which is beautiful (4in versus 3.5in)* Larger on-screen keys and 3 different types of keyboards to choose from* Android operating system (instead of the closed iOS)* Add extra storage space anytime with a microSD card (forget that with the iPhone)* Change the battery anytime (forget this one with the iPhone too)* A breeze to read PDF files (just download the free Adobe Reader directly from your Captivate)I have played with my girl's iPhone 3GS for a long time and was in love with it. Then I researched a lot about the iPhone 4 and noticed that there aren't many improvements. Then I found the Captivate and found out how it beats the iPhone 4 in almost every aspect. This is a no-brainer. Sure, the iPhone 4 is a great phone, but the Captivate is better.I decided not to get an iPhone when my girl's iPhone 3GS started having problems. Its battery is not working properly, so she has to send the phone in for them to install a new one, which would take a week. A whole week without her phone. Thanks, Apple!Also, if you're not satisfied with your iPhone's storage capacity, you are out of luck! There's no way to increase it.The battery and storage problems are not even an issue with the Captivate. You can do all of that yourself.The only thing I think is an issue with the Captivate is that is has no led flash. You get the same 5 MP camera, but no flash. Pictures in darker places don't look as good. And apparently, the sound recording capability of the Captivate is not as good either. I recorded live music at my church yesterday and I thought the sound quality was lower than expected. Maybe it is because of the louder environment. I'm not sure.I'm very glad I researched enough to find this phone. It's absolutely incredible. Go for it!

This phone is nothing but headaches. The first one I got kept randomly shutting on and off. The next try at it bricked when I tried to updated it. Now my latest phone randomly misses calls and texts, the media player tells me there is not enough space in the music database for my music player. Unless you have every attention to root this phone a negate the warranty stay away from this phone. After reading multiple forums I believe every Samsung product is like this. After dealing with these headaches I will never buy a Samsung product again.

I was looking to upgrade to a smartphone.  The top three I was choosing from was 1.Blackberry Torch. 2. I-Phone. 3. Samsung Captivate.  I didn't go with the Torch cuz of past blackerry freezing experiences, and the keys looked really small.  I didn't go with the I-Phone 4. Cuz of the drop calls, and the fact that it seems their main goal is to suck the cunsumer dry with slight upgrades to the next gen. (if they have it this year, I'll bet the farm they could of put it on the previous I-phone.  I ended up going with the Samsung Captivate.  I've only had this phone a week.  I Am amazed.  I'm still learning, and I figure things out pretty quick.  Theres just so much to this phone.  I won't bore u with a long review.  I will say this. this phone does everything, u just have to be patient, and play around with it.  I read other reviews saying that this phone doesn't load third party apps.  Lets clear that up.  Third party apps, are apps not provided by the phone, or the service provider.  So the I-Phone doesn't have third party apps.  This being an android phone.  Means that the apps that are in the android market are third party apps.  They're not created by the phone, or service provider.  So if ur looking to download I-phone apps.  Its Apple that doesn't allow it. not the android phone.  I've shopped the android market and read reviews on apps.  There r custumers from Verizon, Att, Sprint, and so on, reviewing the same apps I'm shopping. With the open ended potential of this phone.  It will continue to get better.  So u won't have to get a new phone every year, like u would with apple.  Buy the phone u won't regret it.  I use for business, and pleasure.

I'll keep this review short and sweet, as there are a lot of other reviews with the pros and cons.  I had Verizon's Droid Eris before this and the phone had only a 524mhz processor and to my surprise the Verizon network sucks where I live.  The phone was slow, typing on the virtual keypad was horrible as it would lag and stutter, and everything about the phone was slow.  This phone with a 1000mhz processor is super fast, I don't have to worry about killing apps, and the keyboard is fantastic!! Absolutely no lag and the screen is just gorgeous.  Call quality has been great and I get great service where I am in AT&T.;I wanted to get the Epic for Sprint because of the physical keyboard, but after using the captivate I really don't need the physical keypad.  This thing JUST WORKS.(9/14/10)Edit: The GPS is broken currently, but it is a software issue so it is apparently being fixed.  Also, when I received the phone I had problems with it randomly turning itself off.  I returned the phone to Amazon and got a new one.  So far, no problems with the new phone.  I did a lot of research on this issue and it appears to be a bad batch of Captivates and not a software issue or an app issue.

I like that there is a system to go head to head with the IPhone. Unfortunily I miss my Iphone (as much as I distain using ITunes). I am on my 3rd phone from AT&T; due to a recall on the captivate and hardware issues I am still having the "new" phones sent to me. The main issues with the phone are: the phone randomly stops recieveing and sending texts, calls and it has many issues trying to send picture messages, the sensor on each phone sometimes to not lock up the phone while you are on a call.With each phone where it does not randomly the phone will not send or recieve messages or calls but everyother function of the phone still work (email, time updeates, other applications instaled on the divice). The only way you know the messages and calls are frozen is because you see an hour later the message or call still sending the text or ending the phne call. To fix this problem you have to turn off the phone and pull the battery out because simply turning off the phone does not fix the issue. This is a reaccuring problem with each new phone I have recieved (recalled or not).The sensor on the phone sometimes does not work either and you end up in some random screen after making a call. You're either in a game, notes, changing your settings. etc. without your knowledge of the actions your check was doing while you were holding the phone against your face.The other little tid bits I have had isses with are sending picture messages where it fails everytime or can't send to more than one person at a time. I like that putting music on the phone if fairly easy but setting up rigntones and changing you Text tones is troble-some or not possible.This software issue is witht he new version of firmware 2.2. I liked this phone to start out with but these presisting problems with each phone i get are troublesome I am getting an new phone regradless of being 6 months from getting a new phone plan.

I have a Samsung Captivate - gps works very poorly. Have been through 4 warranty exchanges with AT&T.; They will only offer a downgrade to an obsolete, less capable phone.Seems like all Samsung Galaxy S models have the same problem, and they are silent on the problem, and AT&T; is mostly denying it.(Google "samsung gps" before you buy.)(BTW: The Android 2.2 upgrade and other "fixes" do not fix this problem.)

5 stars from me. Is it perfect? No. Does it do everything I need it to do, and well? Yes.I've had the iPhone since the original and between playing Apple's upgrade every year game and their strict control over MY phone, I've been ready to dump the iPhone for a long time. Finally AT&T; (whom I've never had an issue with) introduced a good Android phone, so I decided to give it a go. I'm pleased to say the least. It does everything the iPhone does and more.The OS is great. Everything is laid out well and customization reaches far beyond anything you could do with the iPhone. The Captivate is more complex to operate than the iPhone, given the endless options and control you have, but it's not difficult. It just makes the iPhone seem so...dumbed down. If your a technological retard or tween who only wants to text 500 times a day, the iPhone is probably perfect for you.The only thing missing from the Captivate is Android 2.2, which Samsung has yet to release to us. Based on what I've read about it, it should fix the few short comings of the current OS version.I have to say though, without the iPhone damnyouautocorrect.com just wouldn't be the same.

I recently switched from a blackberry to the captivate. I was nervous as I had never owned a fully touch screen phone before, but it is an amazing phone and I have fully converted (I might take one with a keyboard too still).  The AMOLED screen is extremely bright and beautiful. The phone is incredibly fast in downloads and watching videos online, espcially compared with the blackberry's. You can add all email accounts. The SWYPE keyboard is very cool and speeds up texting especially if you are getting used to the touch screen.  The only thing I would recommend is buying one or two extra batteries. I picked up two batteries and a battery charger (wall mount) for $8 on ebay and they have been fine. I leave one charging and buy the time I get home in the afternoon I just switch it out.

I'm a lifelong Apple user (Apple IIc, original 1984 Mac, various Macs through today), but I could never really wrap my hands around what I thought was too high a price for what the phone offered. Still, after playing with so many iPhones belonging to friends, and considering the ease of integrating it into my regular Mac lifestyle, I was ready to buckle down and buy the iPhone 4.Thank goodness for product delays! I ended up doing more research with the time, and it turned out that the Samsung Galaxy S (Captivate for AT&T;) was truly a great phone. You're getting a screen and processor that are indistinguishable in performance to the iPhone 4. The interface is practically the same as the iPhone. But you cannot beat getting an iPhone like device WITH expandability! I love the fact that my Captivate can store more (thanks to a 16GB SD card I bought for $25) than the top of the line iPhone, and still cost less. Plus, I can replace the battery easily without breaking warranty. Lots of programs to help you sync your iTunes library (and if you use Gmail, it's even easier to sync the rest). I would recommend the Galaxy S HANDS DOWN to anyone considering an iPhone.

I picked up my samsung captivate android a couple days ago, Nov. 16, 2010. It works beautifully as a iphone contender when "it is on", but it has a major software bug which turns the phone off, and people calling are directed to the voice mail. The bug can be worked around with app called "Captivate Keep alive" which tell the phones cpu to stay awake. It does seem to work, but it drains the battery faster and does take a few cycles from the CPU. I would rate this product a 4 to 5 star product, but samsung and att won't admit to the problem, but I do know that people at AT&T know about it because a person at their stores has a similar issue and told me the work around. I would definitely tell people to buy the product if you are ok with the work around.

My wife and I both got new Samsung Captivates two days after they were released.  We were incredibly excited to get them but it turned out to be a nightmare.  The micro-USB charger/USB cord is a joke.  It simply will not stay plugged into the phone which made charging or downloading my music from my computer almost impossible.  If you held the cord pressed into the socket it would sometimes connect, but most often when you set the phone down even the weight of a couple of inches of the cord was enough to unplug it.  It was the same with both phones and both micro-USB cables.  A phone that you can't keep charged isn't much of a phone.  Then the reception in areas where before we had no problems was terrible.  Lots of dropped calls, and even the opposite:  At times the phone would not hang up correctly.  One would hit the "end call" button for a busy signal and the phone would go black so you thought it had disconnected, yet a minute or five later when I'd pick up the phone it would still be at a busy signal eating up minutes.  The camera was awesome, the display and the panels feature was easy to use, the Internet was clear and all those features seemed to work well.  Applications that are available are amazing, but the thing is a crummy phone.  Not being able to sort contacts by last name alone almost killed it for me.  I've a couple of hundred business contacts that were sorted by last name or company name, but this phone can't even do that.  I know you can do a "search" for a contacts but one shouldn't have to do that.  It is the simplest of things to sort a database by last names and it is wholly beyond me why this feature isn't in the phone.  Lots of little bugaboos like that plague the phone features and I'm afraid it won't be till version 5.0 that they get it right.  Ours are going back in tomorrow's mail and we are downgrading to simpler non-Android phones, because we need a phone that actually works as a telephone.

Got this phone a couple of days after it was released on the market. Fell in love with it right away. If only I had known about the nightmares waiting for me a few weeks after that...The phone started off working great. Beautiful AMOLED screen, great audio quality, connectivity. Was a bit disappointed with the selection of apps on Android Market, but thought this was a minor issue.As I explored the phone more, I began encountering a lot of drawbacks and annoyances:-BIGGEST problem: Lag time between switching screens began to get progressively worse. Lag time is actually a big problem with this phone (search on the internet and see for yourself). Sometimes in between switching screens, the phone would freeze and no amount of pushing back/power buttons or infinite patience would get it to work again. The progressively worsening lag time did NOT correlate with the amount of apps installed or running simultaneously. I have downloaded 2-3 small-sized apps in the time I have had this phone; there's no reason for it to be running so slowly. Also, when a lag occurred while you were running an app, the app would sometimes shut down unexpectedly-Implementing an unlock pattern for security for this phone is a big no-no! No matter how many times I traced the correct pattern, the phone just would not take it. Finally, FINALLY after ~1000 times of tracing the pattern, it finally unlocked. If this happens to you, don't bother calling Samsung tech support. Wasted 2 hours on the phone and got nothing useful from them. Apparently they are not aware of this issue with their phone.-Music player initially worked with no problems. Could do multiple things on the phone while listening to music (browsing internet, playing games, texting, etc). After about ~3 weeks of use, whenever I access the player and start playing a song, and then try to switch to the home screen by pressing the "back" or "house" icons on the bottom of the phone, the music player automatically turns off. The only way to get the song to play again was to access the music player, and sometimes, the wrong song would play instead of the one I was previously listening to. I use my cell phone a lot for music (previously used Sony Ericsson 580i Walkman phone; worked great), so the music player issue is particularly annoying.-Android Market sucks. No good games; the only good apps are the Google ones; not much else to choose from.-Cannot stream online videos besides what's on Youtube. Phone will not stream MSN video (it says "no video format for your phone"). No Flash player plugins, no MOV. codecs to be found anywhere. Have to download separate video player for DivX movies.-Camera: photo quality is average. No flash available.

So much is great with this phone it could have no peer:1. Screen2. Memory3. Apps4. ServiceBut they threw it all away with a horribly defective GPS.  I have owned six Captivates and they all have the same issue.other things that could be betterCamera clarity and lack of flashBattery life is marginalLaggy responseFlaky Bluetooth stack connecting and disconnectingMaybe they'll test the devices before the next phone launches.

I have recently moved to a Samsung Captivate from an Apple iPhone 3G.  I won't go into all the frustrations I had with the iPhone 3G that made me decide to ditch it.  I will say that I was not going to gamble on the iPhone 4G after seeing the antennae issues it had/has and how Apple operates by releasing new devices and slowly choking out the old devices with so called Operating System "updates".  Each Operating System update I moved to on the iPhone 3G slowly killed it.  And once you move forward on updating it you cannot move backwards unless you hack the device.  I have a feeling this is by design to get people to move to the latest Apple device.I did some heavy research to find that Android is a very capable operating system that allows much more customization compared to what I had.  Over the past year I am glad to see some Smartphone challengers to iPhone.  I really wanted to give an Android phone a try for a change especially since it came with a 30 day return period.I have had my Captivate for 1 week now and I know for sure that I am NOT returning it within the 30 days.  I like this phone a lot.  I am keeping it.Things I like on the Captivate:- Absolutely no dropped calls.  Phone quality was very good.- Thin and light with a nice size 4" screen.- The AMOLED touchscreen is amazing.- I can turn WiFi and/or Bluetooth on/off with one swipe and button push!  Love It, so fast and easy!- Fast processing, very responsive due to that 1 GHz Hummingbird processor.- The music player is incredible.  The overall graphics and the 5.1 surround setting - brilliant.- Widgets!  You can manage power and settings by adding widgets to your home screens - awesome.- More Widgets!  Your social networking, weather and news on your home screen updating when you want.- 16 GB onboard memory for storing stuff.- Expandable up to 16 GB memory on microSD card.- Impressed with the camera even though there is not LED flash with it the pix are really sharp and clear.- Can load your own Ringtones, Alarm Tones, and Notification Tones - awesome.- Ringer and tones come across loudly if you need it compared to other phones I have had.- Ability to manage certain settings and services in order to extend your battery life between charges.- Able to sync the bluetooth with my Ford Sync radio in the car so I can be hands free through the car radio.Some challenges with this phone:- No LED flash for the camera, but the camera quality is amazing anyway.- No front facing camera, but is there really much of that going on now anyway (bandwidth issues / adoption).- You will need some moderate literacy with technology see my tips below on those topics.- Can't delete some of the bloatware applications, but they are hidden down in the application pages.- Single Phone speaker is located in the back of the phone (would rather have 2 of them at the bottom edge).- Phone speaker is a little weak.  Makes playing music without headphones not worth it.- Conference calling with the speaker could be challenging if you are in a loud room.- Can't really manage my Yahoo mail account from the messaging app - like move messages to folders and such.- Really need to manage your settings to make the most of battery usage, but there are tools available to help.Tech Tips for some of the features (do Google searches or YouTube searches on these for more info):When connecting your phone to your computer via USB a little icon will show at the top left corner, touch it and swipe down.  You will see the storage area listed, tap it and then click "Mount".  Now your computer will see your phone storage.  It took me a while to figure that one out.  Once mounted you can even use Windows Media Player to sync and manage your music or any other 3rd party application out there like Doubletwist.You can make short clips of MP3 music from your libraries using iTunes by setting start and end times for the riffs or part of the song you want to capture for a ringtone, alert tone, or notification tone.  Do that, then copy the bits of music to the appropriate media folder on your phone and you will now have sweet Ringtones, Alert Notifications, and Alarms... Search for how to make MP3 ringtones using iTunes.  It is easy.  Search on where to store them on an Android device and it will tell you the folder structure.  There is also an Android marketplace application for this as well.Manage your battery.  Go to Settings, Applications, Running Services on your phone to turn off stuff that is running and eating up your battery.  The services wont start up again until you launch the needed application.  Then remember to go in and turn the service off.  Or get an application in the app store to help with this.Bottom Line for me is this phone is great.  If you can get over some of the minor technology hurdles (there are not many) this is an amazing phone that looks and performs great, handles phone calls, takes great pictures, has a killer music player, has tons of storage space, and can be customized to your liking.  I think the minor technology hurdles for some of the functionality are well worth the price for having the versatility of this phone.  I was growing tired of the Apple operating system on their iPhone and the way things are so structured.  Everyone's iPhone is the same, whereas with an Android phone you can customize what you want on your Home screens.Note: I have gotten over the inability to manage my Yahoo e-mail folders on the Captivate (maybe there is an Android marketplace app for this), I can't do this functionality with my work Blackberry and Corporate Lotus Notes either so just a minor annoyance I can live with.Note: The next Android Operating System update v2.2 called Froyo as of now is not yet released for Captivate, but once it is released it will make the Captivate even better.

This is a very nice phone - if it only worked.Folks, this is a "Smartphone" that can do all kinds of applications, BUT somehow, Samsung's own computers do not recognize this "Smartphone". That's right I can neither register or update this phone becuase Samsung does not recognize it and will not permit updating. So, the expensive smartphone I have had for three months with the pretty screen they are so proud of, cannot be maintained...or take advantage of the registration "beneifts" because ... Samsung's main computers aren't smart enough to recognize thier own product.I have spent over ten hours dealing with this Samsung problem. I refuse to send in a 3 month old new phone for an ATT "refurb" which was already someone elses problem. Why would I want a rebuilt problem from a company that cannot get the new one right?Samsung customer support's solution was to try three things and then say, wipe the phone, if that doesnt work, send it in. (After an hour of messing with it and support.) So, either I get to wipe it, lose data and spend more time restoring it and MAYBE it will work and/or I get to send the phone in and get a rebuilt problem that someone else has already returned. What a choice.ATT - well, they just passed me on to Samsung customer service in the first place, but I really didnt expect anything different from ATT.  I mean ATT is just that kind of company.For those who love the Samsung products good luck, keep drinking the Kool-Aid and I really, really, really hope that yours doesn't break down - you are on the Samsung trapeze - it doesnt come with a net.

Been using this phone for 40 days now, which I feel is enough to warrant some credibility to my experience. I'm going to make this short because many of the reviewers before me talked in details about the pros and cons of the phone.The screen, looks, feel, size, speakers sound quality, reception (all WiFi, GSM, and 3G), and responsiveness are all great on this phone, more than I can wish for. I doubt anybody would find a complaint about these.Here are the aspects of the phone that could be improved:- Battery life: With moderate to slightly heavy usage (a few voice calls, light web browsing, maybe some games) expect a full charge in the morning to be almost completely drained by the time you go to bed. There's a way to turn off 3G and use EDGE all the time, which will help out a little. Google it or drop a comment below if interested.- GPS: It's not as bad as it's made out to be. It's definitely usable, albeit not reliable. If you keep in mind while using it that it might stray off for a second, then you'll be able to cope just fine with it. It still locks to position really fast though.- Some of the default apps: I immediately replaced the default Samsung interface with LauncherPro. The default music player is too basic. The battery indicator at the top is very coarse, get a battery widget or BatteryMinder for accurate charge percentage.- No Froyo yet!These gripes might be a big turn off for some people, but for me they were overshadowed by the delightful experience of the OS, the apps, the beautiful screen, and the sheer responsiveness and snappiness of the phone. And the web browsing is just a please to perform. Plus when Froyo comes around, I'm expecting better accuracy from the GPS. (if it doesn't in the next few months, I'm definitely rooting my phone - probably putting the Cognition ROM)So there you have it, the phone isn't perfect, but then again all phones have their gripes and annoyances. I'm really, honestly satisfied with this phone, and I had a pretty good one before it (Nokia E71 Unlocked, just check the reviews here on Amazon).

This phone is very attractive in all ways, but one.After a three week device honeymoon I'm filing for divorce.The reason I'm giving is that its GPS is dangerous to use for any serious activity such as driving.Even next to the divider on 8-lane highways, the Samsung Galaxy S Captivate will suddenly place you on nearby local roads. In New York City, you'll hear unremitting barges of "turn left", "turn right", "make U-turn", as the device's idea of its place on the map skids around in the pattern of a native cockroach. This does not make for a companion that you'd live with if you need GPS. Otherwise, the phone is excellent.My references for this petition are a Nexus One Android phone and various other GPS devices.  Moreover, it is well-known by now that there is no solution to this problem, at least none has been offered. I did my half-day long due diligence on geek forums too late. Just Google "galaxy S gps" or read the Wikipedia entry and you'll understand my grounds. The various fixes don't seem to fix anything.I bought this phone 37 days ago, one week beyond the 30 exchange period. Now, it wasn't easy, I talked to several people at AT&T; and amazonwireless.com, but in the end a supervisor at amazonwireless.com was gracious enough to grant me divorce: I'll replace the Samsung Galaxy S with an HTC Inspire. I'll pay about the same as I'd paid for the Samsung Galaxy S (south of a hundred dollars). So I'm not joining the hordes of irate users, but I'd be wary of Samsung phone love. I'm relieved that amazonwireless.com was willing to help me.The following announcement that's floating around the internet might be useful to buyers of Samsung mobile phone technology:SEOUL, Korea - December 28, 2010 - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., a leading provider of advanced mobile technology, announced today that it believes that global positioning satellites providing signals to its Galaxy S devices are defective. "After months of testing and re-testing our hardware and firmware, we have concluded that there is no need for what has been referred to as a "GPS fix," as it is not our technology that is deficient," said Won Hung Lo, chief mobile device architect.

In addition to all the positives mentioned by other reviewers this phone will play videos in XVID/DIVX format (without conversion)which is the format most of my videos are in. Not sure if any other android phone has this capability.Ive been missing this since my Treo broke on me and resorded to a using a laptop to watch my videos.It's so simple. Connect phone to computer, phone shows up as a thumb drive, copy file to phone music folder and you are done.Also, important is the intangible that ATT does not offer insurance for the Iphone while it does for the Captivate.YIPEE

I really loved this phone when I first bought it. It was my first smartphone so I was very excited to be able to use the smartphone features and have all the apps. However, after only owning it for roughly half a year, it started messing up on me,  A LOT. First, it started force closing everything on my phone, even my text messaging. I would have to factory reset my phone just to be able to use anything on it. Then, it started to turn itself off. It's not that it didn't hold a charge; it would just randomly turn itself off, especially if I hadn't interacted with it for awhile. Next, the screen decided it did not want to work. The phone was on and I could hear it working, as in I could hear if someone texted me and I could even interact with the screen. If I knew where the button should be to accept a call, I could answer the phone. Eventually, it started working again. Lastly, and the final straw, was when the power button stopped working. I had thought that the screen decided to stop working again since I could still hear my phone working. However, when I popped the battery out and back in, I realized that my power button wasn't working. Now this wouldn't have been such a big problem if my phone would stay on because I could just pop the battery out and in whenever I need to use it. However, coupled with the fact that the phone liked to turn itself off, the phone has become completely unusable and worthless.I have had more problems with this phone than any other phone I have ever owned. I am not even writing about the cool features that came with this phone because I have had so many problems with it that they are pointless to mention. Since I am not up for another upgrade until August and there is no way I want pay for a new smartphone, I am forced to buy another phone just to have one. I would also like to add as a closing note, that I am not harsh on my phones in any way.

I've been holding off my upgrade for a while waiting for the next iphone (iphone4) or android to hit ATT.  I went to the ATT store early this morning to finally decide between the iphone 4 and the captivate.  I loved the feel of both units, but the captivate's curved body feels sleaker in the hand.  While I was very impressed with crispness of the iphone screen; I powered on the captivate and I was even more blown away by the vibrance of the super AMOLED screen.  I have spent all day playing around with the phone and have not noticed any sluggishness whatsoever; which was something I feared when looking through online reviews.. I mean c'mon it has the fastest processor out there.  Also I read a blog that was spreading a rumor that the Galaxy S phones have a death grip like the iphone 4.. this is completely false as I live in New York where the iphone 4 has problems and have not been able to replicate the effect using multiple grips.  So in conclusion I can't say that the phone is an iphone killer for sure.. but it is in my book.  It all comes down to personal preferance.  I have used the iphone os before and compared to the customizability of Android it comes off as old, locked-to-a-grid and bland.  For your referance, I'm 20 years old; and I'm loving where ATT is going with android.Things I've noticed:Doesn't have computer software support yet, unless you search for the Samsung Kies software on your own.  It detects my device and is compatible.At first I thought that the USB wouldn't snuggly fit the phone but then I realized that I didn't open the sliding door all the way.  But it fits perfectly fine when it is open.. my bad.The ATT stock apps can not be deleted from the apps menu, but they can be removed from the home screens. It kind of increases the number of items in the menu by alot, but atleast some of those apps I might actually use.Updates:You can download full office productivity suite in the Android Marketplace for FREE.  It is called "quickoffice for captivate," and it syncs with your Google docs account and dropbox.  I think that it is only free for certain phones as it is named "quickoffice for captivate" on my phone, but on my friend's droid it reads just quickoffice and costs around 10 bucks.I love using this phone for taking video, in good light of course ;).  The sound quality comes through very clear as long as you don't block the mic at the bottom.

I'll get right to it...I love this phone (hence the ***** rating) BUT, there is a SERIOUS issue with the phone turning itself off.  I'm not going to go into all the things that make this one kick @ss phone 'cause you can read what all the other posters have written (they're all true...this phone rocks). BUT, this "turning off" issue is a serious flaw that Samsung has GOT to get fixed.  I've had it 6 days now and the phone turns itself off (or doesn't wake up) 5-6 times per day...VERY annoying!!On the plus side, Amazon has been great at returning the phone.  I'm just crossing my fingers that the next Captivate doesn't have this issue!

After breaking two iphones, I knew it was to delicate of a phone for me. So, I switched to the Samsung Captivate, as the battery is easily removable (to dry out in case of water spillage). Now I can't remember what I miss about the iphone. The apps are great, I love speech to text. My hotmail account was able to be set up as an emaiil app(had problems with the iphone and windows phone) Driod is user friendly and you can arrange applications on different home screens. I did learn that you cannot set specific text notifications tones to specific contacts. Tip* you can change the text notification tone from messaging screen under settings, instead of going through the settings application function.* I am sure most people could figure that out, but I had the chicken dance song stuck as my text alert and couldn't figure out how to remove it. I did install samsung kies, and when you work around it, you can store your contacts and import music. I am not a techy so I hope the I used the right terminology. The phone just needs a flash. Good Luck !

My last phone was a Iphone 3g. It did have great features but became too boring. The Captivate lets you customize it with great live wall paper and widgets. The hardware is up to date. Premium look and feel, very light. Android market not as large as Apples.. But it seems to me that Android Market has better content.Pros:1ghz cpu, a great gpu for gaming and media, 720p hd camera, 5mp camera, Super Amoled touchscreen..very beautiful! plus many other extras. I like how the wallpaper moves in the backround. A Media Powerhouse! Battery is actually decent..not a power hog.Cons:Not much to complain about...No flash led for taking pictures at night, Facebook is a little better on Iphone hopefully Android will get an update soon. Supposedly a Froyo Android 2.2 update mid December. Anyways it's an awesome price for At&t;'s Best Android phone. I'm a new fan of Android and very happy with this purchase.Thank you.

I originally wrote a rave review of this gadget; after a year of using it during my 1 1/4 hour daily subway commute, I have changed my feelings. I am on my second copy, as the first one died about 6 months ago. I'm going to have to get another replacement soon--the one I have is on its last legs. Here are some good points and bad points:Good:-Perfect size, at least for me--fingers can accurately hit keys/icons and also easily reach across screen.-Excellent screen--looks great, very responsive.-Very good for typing documents with a decent app like Quickoffice.-Camera works extremely well--much better than droid x which I tried for a day. Focuses accurately with options for exposure, scene, anti-shake.  Pictures come out sharp, detailed, not too noisy.  No flash, but I don't mind that.  A friend took some comparison pics with her Iphone 4 and they were not nearly as sharp as mine; they also had a terrible magenta cast.-Excellent video IMAGE recording (see below for sound).-Kindle works very well, I've got tons of books loaded up.-Music player sounds great, as good as my Ipod.-Great priceBad/mediocre:-TERRIBLE phone service. Constantly missing calls, phone doesn't ring, freezes up when I try to make a call.-Apps frequently open by themselves and have to be closed via a downloaded task manager app. This even happens while using other programs; an uninvited app might suddenly interrupt in the middle of a game. Sometimes the phone shuts down by itself if overloaded with apps.-Voicemail service is poor--there is no indication of who called and when, and when I listen to messages I am connected in the middle of the recording.-Very poor sound recording for video...if you are recording a moderately loud amplified band the video will look fine but sound like an unintelligible, distorted mess.-Complicated to use and not intuitive...e.g. when you connect it to a computer you have to pull down a little usb icon and "mount" in order for it to be recognized as a storage device.If I were not locked into using this phone for the next 8 months, I would try out a newer Samsung model (believe it or not). They seem to have worked out most of their problems and have some great deals. Love the screens and they seem to have the best phone cameras around.

This is great phone but has its disadvantages.  I've noticed the software has gliches from time to time.  I usually have to reset it once a day, and it freezes when I'm trying to make a call.

I've had the phone for a long time and I am still waiting for Samsung/ATT to upgrade it to Android 2.2. This has been a long wait and still no idea when they will deliver the upgrade. According to s survey, Samsung + ATT is far behind Verizon + HTC on how fast they upgrade your the phone OS. So if you believe a timely upgrade is important to you, you need think twice before you buy a Samsung + ATT phone.

I returned my iphone 4 (which I saw bars go down when held in death grip but did not drop calls) since I wanted the white one and it sounded like in a few days it would be available.Well it got pushed back and nobody in Los Angeles has a iphone 4 to sell.So I bought the Samsung Captivate since I am in no way a apple guy (Big PC/Microsoft guy!).The pros:Thin nice and light design.Beautiful screen-size is perfect with Evo being too big and iphone a bit too small.Video's and pictures look great and alive!Camera takes great pictures and has so many cool controls.Love the widgets and shortcuts you can put on the front of the phone.Lots of deep customization of things..sometimes tooo much!Gallery brings in pictures from places you didnt think you had pictures.Really cool moving wallpapers..which can be a con (see later).Cons:Battery life- I had a fully charged Captivate and started day at 7:30AM and I had warning about battery low at 3:00PM. I was told on forums to make wallpaper regular black screen and get Advanced Task Killer. It was a bit better but have to do lots of juggling to get to 5-6PM without sweating to get to car and plug into charger. I dont want to carry a extra battery or add on a plump extended battery.Iphone 3GS and 4 last me whole day and have 20% left when I get home with streaming news on drive home not charging.Mail client- If you are using Exchange for work and have subfolders...forget it!The subfolder names are arranged at the top for you to swipe alpha to the right folder. To make it worst the RSS feed folders are in there too.Then, I cant move messages to another folder. I read the forums and was suggested to get a different app. Ok not bad but the app was $15! I expect a $200 smartphone to handle email out of the box.GPS-there is a bug and I cant use the free turn by turn directions. I dont feel so bad for having bought Navigon for iphone at $29 that at least worked all the time.The strip of buttons (Options - Home - Back - Search) at the bottom of the phone: these get you around and they are laggy. They do not respond fast enough. These should have been physical buttons not touch sensitive ones.Multitasking-Its great to multitask but the phone gets slow when too many apps are open like Windows mobile use to be. I did get an app to help with that but I would have thought Android would have handled this on its own. It says it does but phone got slow and now I need to open this app to kill what is open. Though I saw some setting where every hour it can do it for you.Apps- I think there is a good selection of apps and it should improve as it goes, but. THe apps are certainly not as polished as on the iphone and some have lot less functionality. example: the Chase bank app on iphone let me take a picture of a check made out to me and it would get the routing # and $ amount and get deposited in my account. Their android app doesnt do this. I called Chase and gave them hell. They said they will "one day support more mobile devices" well great, when?There are a few more little things but just cosmetic and dont affect the fucntionality of the phone.I will give this phone 15 more days and then I will return it. But I will research and see if I can find ways to keep this phone. Right now if I had to decide, I'd box this up and pay my $35 restocking fee and get back in an iphone 4.If you think this is just me go to a n d r o i d f o r u m s . c o m and see the Captivate forum for people who are in same boat as me.If you have not had iphone 3GS or 4 this phone seems great and wonderful. But if you are on AT&T; why not get better for same price? Thats what I am asking myself.

This is the best cell phone ever. No dropped calls, great battery life if you manage your apps correctly, I highly recommend Advanced Task Killer app for this and it is free!!! Once I figured out how to answer a call on it and edit a contact, the rest was a breeze. It drives me insane that electronics no longer come with manuals, you have to find everything online. It connected easily with my home wi-fi network. It will take me a while to get to know all of the wonderful features. Tons of free apps. I hate that At&t; has all of these apps preloaded that I will probably never use and can't delete which is only a minor issue. Everyone that sees it is amazed at how fast it is, the touchscreen is sooooo responsive. I need to sit here on my laptop and read the user manual that I downloaded from Samsung's support site. Also, you can download the driver needed to connect to your computer, I am running Windows 7 64bit and the driver says it is for XP or Vista but I have not had any compatability issues with it.I would recommend this to anyone!

Currently the OS is Android operating system (version 2.1)When will Capitivate through Amazon have Android operating system (version 2.2)?

I have been waiting for a smart phone to come out that had similar features to an Iphone but was an Iphone.  I know it sounds silly but I really didn't want the Iphone brand.So far with the phone I haven't really had any complaints.  I think the only thing I wish was better is the battery life.  But that is what you have to deal with when it comes to a smart phone.The screen is amazing, everything runs smoothly and the features are amazing.  I have seen alot of people complain that it automatically syncs up to your google contacts, well I think that is a plus.  It has made me update all my google contact info and now I have all my information in a place other than my cell phone (a great thing if you are prone to loosing a phone or if it crashes)However, you don't have to have the google contacts.  There are options to not sync up with your gmail account, or you can have it only display contacts with phone numbers.Overall it just takes some playing around with to really get the feel of this phone.  It does take some hunting. But if you are good at figuring out technology and don't need everything told directly to you this will be a great phone for you.

I just don't get it, I have had this Samsung Captivate phone now for at least 3-4 months and I play around a lot with it everyday.So far it has never shut off by itself whether its charging or not charging.Also after seeing these few comments from others about GPS not working I made a test.I installed Google Maps along with a couple of other name brand GPS apps and again I must say that not only the GPS apps which come with the phone but the two others I installed ALL works just fine. GPS almost instantly detects/finds my exact location and all these tests where made inside my house with the phone on my computer desk.As far as the battery being weak I also must say that at least for me after a full charge if I turn off wifi and gps and only use it as a normal phone, no game play and so on the battery lasts at least 4 days for me.-Also I must have installed 30 or more apps and games already and I have not had any problem connecting the usb cable to computer and transfering songs, videos and pictures.I have both Windows 7 and Windows XP and when I first got the phone and plugged it into the computers I did not even need any drivers installed at all. Both computers reconized the samsung captivate phone right away.-After reading the handfuls of people complaing about these problems at first I was afraid to buy the phone but I am sure glad I did!-Don't want to write a book here about how excellent the phone works and what all it can do so if you want to read more details about the phone before buying it then just read all the 5 star reviews here on amazon....... I have a hunch that at least half the people who are writing reviews complaining about random shutdown, gps and battery life must work for some other cell phone company and are paid to write these bad reviews.I am certain that there are a few people who actually do have problems and I am sure that AT&T; is either doing refunds or replacments as needed. The phone is super excellent!-P.S. Just remember that AT&T; sells and sold thousands of these phones but way less than even 1% of those who purchased it leave reviews here on Amazon or any other place on the internet.If there really were a lot of people having the shutoff/restart, GPS and other problemsthen AT&T; and Samsung would have had a massive recall on these phones a long time ago.

I have had this smartphone for about two weeks and love it. I was debating for a long time between the iphone 4 and the Samsung Captivate. I chose the Samsung because of the ability to drag and drop files, music, pictures from my computer to my laptop, without worrying about itunes. I guess I am kind of old school, but I prefer that method. I like the Andorid phone because I feel like I have ability to change more settings and modify things the way I prefer over the iphone. The call quality is great and response from the processor seems fast. Everything on my Google account is very easy to review on this phone including Picasa, gmail, whcih all sync well.There are some things that annoy me about this phone. The power button is very easy hit while holding it. I prefer the recessed button on the iPhone much better. The camera took a while to figure out, mainly I couldn't figure out how to review photos I took. On the iPhone this is very easy, but after some practice I was able to figure it out. The camera has no flash, but based on what I have seen from my friends' iPhones, the LED flash does not seem to help much. The lighted buttons on the bottom of this phone are kind of weird, you basically have to hit them twice, and I mean hit them, because they do not respond to simple touch.I kept reading that this phone has ability to play flash embeded in websites, but I have not been able to do that. I have been told this will be available when Android 2.2 is released for AT&T.; Overall I am happy with this phone and would buy it again, but I hope they make a few improvements to the buttons on the second edition of this phone. This phone with new contract was $150 cheaper than an iPhone with new contract, so that helped me make the decision also.

Alright, first off: The AT&T store prices are much more expensive, so I went to Wal-Mart and see what prices they had. They had it for 0.97 cents! (Plus the 15 monthly) It's great for that price that I got it! It has a beautiful screen, great touch screen, and is practically weightless. 2 things that I didn't like: 1) You can't download anything out of the market due to AT&T's Restrictions. 2) For some reason, it lags sometimes when unlocking the screen (this happened to me three times in the past 2 weeks). If you get past that, its a super-awesome phone that I got for a dollar!!

they really needed to look at placement of the camera lens because I get so many shots with my finger in it, many great moments lost because the need to take the time to make sure your finger isn't in the shot.  so far its a pretty good phone, but it is NOT COMPATIBLE WITH SKYPE MOBILE so if you want an android phone that lets you use skype mobile look for something else!The display is beautiful and bright, picks up wireless very well but some of the AT&T; apps will only work on the 3G so beware of this!  Lucky for me there are many alternatives in the android app store.  Battery life is comparable to that of a typical laptop or netbook type computer don't expect this thing to go days without a charge, but if you charge it daily, you should be fine.

This is a fantastic phone, and does so many things.The screen is very sharp and clear. I have literally over 100 books on the phone, and read them regularly with ease, and my eyes are 55  years old. Any time I have a minute or two, I can get in a little reading, or catch the news, or sports or Tweets, all with ease. I can easily take notes with several different apps that all synch with my computer, i.e. My Writing Spot. I also use dropbox and Evernote, both of which are extremely helpful in sharing any and all info with any of my desktops (I have three-2 pc's and 1 mac)and my iPad (which I use a lot) and even with my wifes iPhone 3Gcs.The iphone 3gcs (ATT) is very nice - easy to use. I love it for its ease of use, but the Samsung has better resolution, and a little easier on the eyes.If you are connected to the pc world and do a lot of stuff with google, this is the phone for you.I can also sync all my devices to my To Do list using Toodledo (GTD). This is a must for me. Anytime, anywhere, I can check, or add to my to do list and it automatically goes to all my devices/computers, including macs, ipads and iphone. A really good phone is a must. The right apps are crucial.If you are really connected to apple, then you may want an iphone. But the iphone 4 for 200 buck, vs this phone for a penney? This one wins ever time - unless you are a millionire.My only real complaint is the battery life. I like to leave wi-fi because I use it so much, but it really drains the battery. Even with it off, I still have to charge it every night, and often times sooner, so I have a usb cord at work and plug it in there, and also one in my car.ONe other minor gripe - but it is more with ATT, than with the phone (but really - what't the difference. If you get this phone, you get ATT) and that is that ATT charges $10 a month for the map/gps program. I should be free as I am already paying for data.

I am really enjoying this phone.  Prior phone was a Motorola Karma (messaging phone with a slideout keyboard) so this touchscreen thing is a big leap up!Screen is beautiful; menus are fairly intuitive; set up was a breeze; have found some fun and useful apps/games to put on it, etc.  I do not like the swype keyboard so much (fingers not slim enough or nimble enough) but the Samsung keyboard and/or Android keyboard choices provide the type-ahead / word-suggestion features that I loved on my Karma.The few issues I do have:(1) No voice dialing (although it does do Google searches using Voice);(2) USB cable loose (but only when using a non-supplied USB cable as I do at work; the one that comes with it seems to "lock" in better) (NOTE: forums indicate the USB compartment door (yes, it has a "door") must be slid open all the way - mine is and I still have the problem);(3) Battery life (no different from any other smartphone though);(4) Had to buy new bluetooth headset to listen to podcasts (needs A2DP feature on headset to work for music or podcasts - non-A2DP headset worked fine for phone calls); and(5) I have seen complaints in the forums about the fact that it is still running  Android 2.1.  European Captivates  recently updated to 2.2 so hopefully they will here, too.  Supposedly this will improve speed & performance and add Flash capabilities.I would have given the phone a 5 star rating but for the voice dialing issue (as that is kind of important here in California where we have to be handsfree in the car) and my less sophisticated phone even did this! An odd thing to leave off an otherwise impressive product.[UPDATE: I have found some voice dialing that works sporadically via the microphone (press & hold the search button on the home page and the microphone pops up - thus, not totally hands free even with a bluetooth).  It works for some contacts but not others and often just tries to do a google search].

awesome phone, but it has a few issues.positives: great, vivid, quick responding screen, very fast, great quality, thinnegatives: GPS doesn't work.  They say they have a fix that they will distribute soon, but they've been saying that for a while and it still hasn't shown up.  battery life is a little annoying.  Some apps try to access the GPS, then run the battery out in hours while they keep trying to find a GPS fix.  The only way around the battery drain is to turn off GPS completely.  I hope they fix it soon, because I would like to use the GPS features.

HAVE HAD THE SAMSUNG CAPTIVATE SEVERAL WEEKS AFTER AN IPHONE 3GS FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS. THINK THIS IS AN IMPROVEMENT IN MOST AREAS. EASIER TO TYPE. CASE DOESN'T SLIDE AROUND LIKE THE IPHONE. I AM A GOOGLE USER AND I SUSPECT SATISFACTION WOULD BE LESS IF YOU DO NOT USE GOOGLE CALENDER, CONTACTS AND EMAIL. VERY GOOD PRODUCTIVITY TOOL TIED INTO GOOGLE SERVICES. SCREEN IS BEAUTIFUL AND CLEAR. AN IMPROVEMENT OVER THE 3GS IPHONE. BATTERY SEEMS A LITTLE BETTER THAN IPHONE ALTHOUGH THIS MAY BE BECAUSE IT IS NEW. THERE ARE NOT AS MANY APPS AVAILABLE FOR THE SAMSUNG. MY G'DAUGHTER MISSES SOME OF THE IPHONE GAMES. I WOULD LIKE A QUICKEN APP AND THIS MAY BE FORTHCOMING BUT NOT NOW. I ALSO LIKE THE LOWER WEIGHT OF THE SAMSUNG. THE IPHONE ALWAYS FELT LIKE A BRICK IN MY POCKET. WHILE THIS PHONE IS LARGER IT IS VERY THIN AND THAT WITH ITS LIGHTNESS MAKES IT EASIER FOR ME TO CARRY. I ALSO THINK THE CALL QUALITY IS BETTER WITH THE SAMSUNG CAPTIVATE ALTHOUGH THIS IS A MARGINAL DIFFERENCE.PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT I THINK THE IPHONE IS A VERY GOOD PHONE AS WELL, BUT I AM PLEASED WITH MY DECISION.

I have given this phone a 3 because it is the doctor Jekyll and Mr Hyde of phones. At times scrolling through screens will be seamless and at others it will lag to an unsettling pace and become unresponsive.This phones speedy processor works very well with the most cpu intensive android apps, plays just about any type of video codec you can throw at it (if you don't know what a codec is stop here and just buy an iphone), and my personal favorite, it has 16gigs onboard storage for media etc.This thoroughly generous storage is further expandable by 32 gigs for a total possible capacity of 48gigs, great if you have a large music library and you can't stand to part with even a single .mp3 watch out though because just as you get into musical heaven with the captivate Mr Hyde comes by to ruin your day as you realize the stock music app cannot handle north of 25gigs of music. luckily there are apps in the market that will return you to musical heaven but the experience is frustrating none the less.I have not experienced problems with the GPS on this device and the internet browsing is top notch. The performance of the captivate ranges from exceptional to quite frankly bad. The bad moments are few and far between but they DO occur and many users just do not have the patience for that no matter how disillusioned they have become with apple.

The bad GPS is a "known issue" with numerous news articles and blogs all over the techie side of the internet.  There are several supposed fixes out there.  Apparently they worked for some users, but not me, and not many, many other users if the comments are to be believed.  However, ATT/Samsung released an operating system update on September 22 that has now disabled access to the GPS settings, so you can no longer even try the "fixes" that were floating around.Samsung released the Captivate in the EU months before the US, and knew about the GPS problems then.  They've known in the US for a while now too.  I think they've known since something like May or June 2010 based on the stuff I see on the internet.  Still no fix and now it's October 2010.Why GPS?  Well many of the coolest apps use the gps.  Google Maps, Google SkyMaps, Google Earth, Yellow Pages, UrbanSpoon, Weather apps, etc.  GPS is now integral to the smartphone experience, and everyone else's GPS works.So to me, the major finding about the Captivate that prospective buyers should know is that many (if not most, hard to tell) users report worthless GPS.  To contrast, with my wife's BB Torch, both on ATT (not that that should matter), standing side by side under clear sky, she gets a location in about 3-4 seconds.  I never do no matter how long I wait.It's real shame because this phone is so strong in so many other ways.  The great screen, snappy performance, clean flexible OS, great sound quality, etc are all for naught.A few other niggles that might be important to some users (Yes, you can "root", "jailbreak" or otherwise get around some of these, but I am referring to the phone as shipped and intended for use, for the average consumer):Limited to Google Android App Store, and you must create a gmail acct to access that.Can not remove bloatware, some reports that it is running in the background using up battery life and slowing machine.  Can be fixed with an app.Voice dialing limited to Gmail address book, doesn't work on phone's native address book.  Limited voice dialing with bluetooth, although Froyo (Android 2.2 OS update) which is supposedly coming some time or another is supposed to fix that.Hard to hold phone and use camera.  Hard to keep fingers out of image.  Camera non-intuitive.  Ships with image stabilization off.  Turn it on asap.Overall design is just a little too slick and slippery.  Hard to hold.On the plus side:  Sound quality is great, push email is great, screen is great, snappy performance, many fantastic free apps.  It would really be great if the GPS worked.

It has NOT been a year yet and this is my 4th Captivate phone. I have downloaded the Top internet/app protection on my phones and it STILL catch a bug. Im tired of it not Unlocking when I place in my code and it Not Locking when I need it to. I am tired of it not being able to send out my calls or Text messages when i have all 5 bars. I hate the fact that I cannot Receive Anything unless It feels like accepting something. Ill go to the store and ask what's going on and itll act just fine. When I arrive home the phone becomes stupid Again. No matter How many times I Restart my phone, let the SD/Sims card along with the battery sit out for it still Acts up. I am Tired of not receiving important calls; tired of my phone company trying to give me an entirely new Captivate knowing that it Still will not act the way its supposed to. This phone is CRAP. My company said that they've gotten the same complaints that I always give...If the cell phone companies are aware of the constant problems then Why Havnt They Fixed It Yet?? This phones' performance is so poor it doesnt even Deserve a overall rating (poor) star!!!

This is a great phone, and the price I got it for is literally unbeatable, but be aware that you might not get it right away. There's a credit check process you have to go through with AT&T; that delays shipment by about a day. After that, Amazon delayed shipping my order two more times, so I finally got my phone about a week and a half later than promised.I didn't need the phone immediately, so this wasn't a problem for me, but it's something to consider if you absolutely need the phone to arrive on time.  Also, luckily for me, the price of the phone dropped during the delay period, so I canceled my order and re-ordered at the lower price.  You aren't billed until Amazon ships the phone, so if your shipment is delayed and the price drops you can definitely take advantage of that!  Highly recommend.

I've been a HUGE iphone fan for the past two years, but have seen the android light!!  If it wasn't for the antenna and face recognition issues with the iphone 4 I probably would've bought it since it was time to upgrade.  I loved my iphone 3G but after seeing the 4, it made me realize that apple was definitely into making money rather than satisfying their customers so I started to venture elsewhere.  I had been following the Samsung Galaxy S line of phones and after seeing all the reviews for the Captivate before and after it was released I was sold.This phone is simply incredible. Like personalization? You got it! Everything and anything on this phone can be personalized for your pleasure.  I was kinda under the impression that Android phones were for geeked out PC users, but I couldn't have been more wrong.My ONLY complaint for this phone is the music player.  I'm probably just still way used to how it worked on the iphone, but as of now I've got a few issues with how music is played on the Captivate.  For one, you can't play tracks without gaps (seamlessly), the way you search for music to play is a little different, but if not for these qualms I wouldn't have anything negative to say for this phone.  It's fast, it's light, the screen is incredible and the android market is stacked with apps.Again, I was a HUGE fan of all apple products but I finally realized that every new version of the iPhone is nothing but updates to the software. Put the phone in a case (which I always do) and you can't even realize which version you have because that's the only way to personalize them.

Well I finally decided to write a review about the Captivate, which I've owned since launch.First, I bought the Cappy from Amazon as soon as it came out, not one week later.  But later, had to return it because of the GPS issues.  Unfortunately, those were never fixed.. but I've kept my 2nd phone since August 2010, pretty much a launch phone.  It has treated me well, in general.  However, there are a lot of issues, which is why I want to say its a 3.5.Now on to the actual review.HARDWARE -The Screen on this phone is amazing.  I still admire it after having stared at it hundreds of hours.  It is so saturated and vibrant, with amazing viewing angles.  Its hard to look at any other screen really.The Phone quality is decent.  Not complaints, but I have no praise.The body itself is an interesting mix.  The glass is incredibly strong, I haven't used any sort of screen protector and I've dropped it and put it in my pockets with keys and there is only 1 little scratch, which is unnoticeable unless looking for it.  The back plastic is very easily scratched though, so it needs protection.The Camera is good, however at this point, it sorely needed a front facing camera.  Its hellish to take a picture of yourself on this phone, because there is no dedicated camera button and yet you can't see yourself.  Also, you cannot Skype or anything with anyone very easily.  All they would see is what you see, since theres no front cam.The Battery life is decent.  I don't think its any worse than other android phones.  I bought 2 spare batteries from ebay and they work well.The GPS is just bad.  It doesn't work.  Sometimes it says it gets a lock, but no, my location freezes.  The phone only can tell where I am by triangulating wireless and cell phone towers.  This is a fatal issue because I use maps frequently, so its down .5 stars for this.There are a lot of issues with software though.  My phone would frequently freeze up, lag heavily, or shut down, or even not turn on.  This hasn't been a big issue as of lately, and I can always remove the battery and turn it back on, but its not really acceptable.  So down a 2nd star for these issues.However, I recently updated my phone to Android 2.3.5 J3 firmware, which is a leaked version from Samsung, but it works extremely well.  The phone is VERY fast now, at least 2x as fast as it was when it was on Android 2.2.  It seems a lot of bugs were eliminated.  The internet seems to be quicker too, I can load Google Reader much faster.  However, the GPS is still bad.Overall I say it is a decent phone.  The best part is essentially the Super AMOLED screen, and its quite fast with Android 2.3.5, feels almost like my dual core tablet, despite being single core.  The major issues are with lack of a front camera for webcam, GPS, and forced shut downs/restarts/etc, which happen every so often.

This is a first-impressions review.  I'm pretty particular about my phone equipment; I've had a cell phone since 1992 and have had service with every carrier.  We were pleased with the Sprint signal, but didn't want to pay the extra 10 clams for the 4G service that's not in our area yet (central Indiana) which was required for me to upgrade my phone to any of the Sprint smartphones.  So, the search for a new phone/provider was initiated.I've been carrying a Blackberry 8330 for two years, and it has been a very reliable piece of equipment.  But, the small screen makes the navigation hard to decipher, and the browser lacked the functionality of the newer smartphones.  Long story short, after a month of research on the 'net and stopping at phone stores to play with equipment, I landed on the Samsung Captivate.  With ATT's plans, it made sense for my wife to get one, too, as the lower-end data plan is cheaper than the available plan for the messaging phones.Likes- 1-screen is fantastic; 2-web browser is extremely fast (I use my for product research in my historic art business, and am often trying to do quick artist searches in people's homes); 3-availability of Google apps that actually do something (rather than just the 'look at what my phone can do' apps that have no useful functions...) 4- paper-thin form that fits comfortably in my pocket(I didn't want a slider phone and this is the only Samsung Galaxy S that's not a slider); 5-Google navigation is superior to the Google Maps I had downloaded to the Blackberry and the voice command feature is nice- with a 4.3" screen, I have no need for a separate GPS appliance. 6- WiFi feature- saves the data minutes on the package and automatically connects to open WiFi servicesDislikes- Admittedly, I had a Blackberry and could type a novel with one hand, so it takes some getting used to all the swiping and scrolling.  I've had it for almost a week now, and the major complaint is that the phone functions seem secondary to the 'everything else' functions.  I have figured out that the Google voice search will complete a 'call' command and search the contacts database for the appropriate number.  Less functional than my one-letter speed dial on the Blackberry, though. The on-screen keyboard is a 'getting-used-to-it' feature, too, but I do find the Swype keyboard quite handy.  Enable that feature, for sure. Also, don't like the fact that ATT's signal in my house isn't as good as Sprint was, but it's tolerable.My wife, less a tech-goof than I, is having a ball with this phone, though.  She upgraded from an LG Rumor, so this is like discovering the wheel for her... ;-)  And, yes, she's found things (settings, features) on the phone before I have which have helped me in the transition.My favorite thing, though, is the Mabilo ringtone I downloaded...it's the 1960's Star Trek communicator sound that is now my text message notification.  Cool, huh?Oh, and don't forget the fact that Amazon had this phone for about 30% of what ATT charges for it.  That was a real decision-helper, too, and I'm also not an I-Phone clone, either.

1st phone speaker went out after six months! 2nd a referb crashed & will not reboot lost all data after 8 weeks. Now on third phone, a referb, under warranty with much regret. Has no light for camera. The Samsung program to sync this phone had so many problems I gave up on it. Android 2.2 seems to solve many problems but not all; this phone still needs help. Can only open 4 web browser windows compare to 8 on I phone. Still searching to find app that will save all my applications I load on this phone. I have lost all confidence in this phones reliability. I expect the 3 rd phone to fail; all under one year from purchase! Biggest mistake I made was buying one. The first two phones were kept in an otter box defender case with a skin covering for protection. Even with no abuse the hardware failed. The battery has performed poorly over time; after three months it starts to get weaker at holding charge. & yes under warranty you keep your old battery & receive a referb phone; which someone else has already had trouble with!

I bought this phone 3 months ago for 60$ and have been using it since. The screen and battery are probably the best part of this phone. he youtube videos look very crisp and i seriously feel like the scree  almost has depth to it. It lasts the whole day while texting, using 3G and phone calls, so it gets an A in the battery depertment.In terms of functionailty, there are some major issues. The camera frequently freezes when changing between modes and sometimes it just freezes for no reason.  I know they just released a android 2.3 update, but I cant get it to download on my phone properly.If i paid retail for this phone, I would be more unhappy, but I got it for so cheap. Ill get a new phone as soon as my next 2 year upgrade comes along.

With the Captivate's specs and amazingly gorgeous screen, it has a lot of potential, but unfortunately with poor quality control it doesn't live up to that potential.I got my first Captivate in September.  It dropped most calls after a period of about 30-90 seconds, and four out of five outgoing calls I attempted would not connect.  So after a week, I took it back.The second one had a bad radio or bad antennas, so most places where I should have been getting full signal, I got no signal at all.  So on the very last day of my 30 day return period, I took it back.The third one connects calls, but is incredibly slow and unstable compared to the first two.  Apps crash for no apparent reason, and occasionally when I restart the phone it takes two or three tries to get everything to load correctly.  (A couple of times I restarted and even after a few minutes had no apps in the apps menu.)  Before the Froyo update (which came ten months after Google released it), I even had trouble with the software processes that manage the phone part of the phone crashing.  The Froyo update fixed a lot of the random FCs, but not all; now it just hangs at random times.  Over the course of the last couple of months, I've begun having trouble with the proximity sensor not working.  The screen comes on while I'm in the middle of a phone call, which results in buttons on the screen being pressed by my face (usually mute, but sometimes it's the keypad and even End.)I have had some problems with Ford Sync in my car (sometimes I have to restart the phone to force it to connect, and a lot of times it will keep playing music after I have turned the car off - especially when I'm listening to the radio and not bluetooth audio), but when it actually connects it works fine - I'm able to make and receive calls through Sync, and bluetooth streaming works with the steering wheel controls.  (From reading on the Sync message boards, this is not always the case with all Sync users.)On top of the major quality flaws, there are also some minor annoyances.  I was surprised to find that some settings were different, and in different places, among the three individual phones I had, and in true Linux fashion, sometimes it takes a an hour or two of research to figure out how to change settings that should be straightforward and one or two taps from the homescreen.  After the Froyo update, the screen no longer stays on and unlocked when the phone is plugged in, which is annoying when using the phone as a media player, and dangerous when using it as a GPS unit, because rather than being able to glance at the map quickly and back at the road, you have to actually turn the phone back on and unlock the screen.  (The Widgetsoid app has a way to disable this, but it has to be done every time the phone is rebooted.)  The music player app works really well for playing music, but there is no good iTunes-like way to synch music between the phone and a computer, so it has to be done manually through folders.All that said, the calls (on one that is actually able to make calls) are just fine.  The reception is good - on par with the iPhone 3G and Blackberry Bold 9700 I had before - and I can generally understand what people are saying.  The camera is at least as good as my point-and-shoot, and the video quality is nice too (though not as nice as the iPhone 4's).  And it has the absolute most beautiful screen I have ever seen in my life.  Several of my friends and coworkers have Droid Xs, and their grainy, washed-out screens look just plain old in comparison, and compared to the Captivate's Super AMOLED, even the iPhone 4's "Retina" display looks a little bit sad.  The brightness and clarity of the screen make it look about like the faked, pixel-less sci-fi displays, and earns this piece of you-know-what its second star.Features: **** (4 stars out of 5)Reliability: * (1 begrudgingly-awarded star out of 5)Quality: (0 stars out of 5)Screen: ************ (12 stars out of 5)EDIT 7/3/11:  The phone randomly buzzed a few times last night as I was going to sleep, and when I woke up the screen was what would pass for black on another phone (but is more like a dark gray on the AMOLED.)  I had to remove the battery to get it to come back on.It seems to be coming up with new annoying tricks every day...8/27/11: It's gotten to the point where I treat it like an old Windows 95 computer, and just reboot it every day.  Today it froze while shutting down.8/28/11: The calendar seems to be having trouble syncing with my Exchange calendar at school.  Some of my classes (which I've put in as repeating appointments) show up multiple times, some don't show up at all, and some show up multiple times only on the first day.  A lot of good it does to have a smartphone that's supposed to sync with Exchange when it doesn't actually do so.

Gps + google map doesnt work at all. I tried the firmware fix but still no luck.So I would recommend not to buy this phone if you will be using google map app.

After reading many raving reviews, I got this.Disappointed to see:- touch screen not responsive esp, with phone part - disconnect, contacts etc.- contact list menu very tricky - alphabets too small to search on letter.- worst problem: battery life sucks big time- gmail: it synced all the garbage and unwanted email addresses and cluttered my phone book.- did not locate phone vibrate for messages feature in menu.- not 4G only 3Gpros:- sleek- good looking- free by many vendors- lots of appsI'd wait for new iPhone 5 coming out in Jun/Jul 2011...

While pleased with the hardware, I'm very disappointed with Samsung and AT&T; regarding the lack of updates this phone has received.  I bought mine in August, after hearing Android 2.2 would be rolled out in an OTA update (over the air update) in September.  It's now January and I still haven't received an official update.In addition to the lack of updates, many users experience issues with being able to acquire a GPS lock, and having their phone "mount" as a logical volume (like a flash drive) when they connect their phone to their PC with a USB cable.Luckily, the XDA community has alleviated these issue by making unofficial versions Android 2.2 available with fixes for these problems... but average consumers aren't going to have the patience or desire to manually update their phones (nor should they).  And, there are risks involved in doing so -- from potentially not being able to receive future, official OTA updates to potentially bricking your phone.Steer clear of this device!  Other manufacturers offer comparable hardware with better software release cycles.

My wife got this phone and I was amazed at the garmin like on-screen mapping and directions. Way better than the iphone...

simply -- the display rocks!!It is hard to watch other phone displays or even my samsung 46" lcd tv after I got used to this gorgeous display. it is much better than some of the high end hd tvs out there in market.Android is awesome!!

Love alot of the Features on this phone, The Screen is well Done, i just wish Adobe Flash would work on it.

I have been waiting for months for a quality Android phone to come to AT&T; and the Samsung Captivate is definitely it! This phone boasts a beautiful Super AMOLED 4.0" screen that is just gorgeous and so much nicer when compared to other smart phones and IPod touches in my house.The thing I like the best about this phone when compared ti the IPhone is how customizable everything is and how free you are to change the phone to your own appetite.The web browsing is quick, the GPS is awesome, and there are tons of sweet widgets you can add to the 7 home screens.I would DEFINITELY recommend you purchase this phone because in due time Americans with AT&T; will soon find out it is better than the IPhone 4.0!

For me, cell phones have always been an annoyance.  Something I needed, but tried to use as little as possible.  I absolutely hate talking to someone who isn't right there, and why anyone would endure the annoyance of texting has always baffled me.  The only positive was that it saved me from having to wear a watch.For the past year or two I've watched with annoyance as one after another of my friends and co-workers have bought an iPhone or other smartphone.  I never wanted one, b/c I didn't want the added monthly expense, the added bulk, and the even more annoying and distracting features.  But my old cell phone was starting to wear out, and I had to get something.The one crack in my steely resolve not to become a smartphone owner was the fact that I'm a linux and open-source geek.  I love it when a free, cooperative, global, merit-ocratic effort kicks the behind of a corporate behemoth.  Apple is rapidly losing ground to Android, and Microsoft never had a chance.  Anyway, the thought of having a linux root prompt on my cell phone was too much to pass up.  For $30, it was worth a shot.  But which Android phone to get ?One issue I struggled with was whether to go for a large screen like the Captivate or a smaller (more pocket friendly) model.A : You want the big screen.  Period. No ifs, ands, or buts.I also wondered if I really needed a gigahertz CPU.A : Yes, you want a fast CPU.  Trust me.  Everything should just happen "now".  With the Captivate it does.When shopping, I was waffling on those issues.  Now that I've had the Captivate, I can't imagine how I could have even considered anything else.Hardware-wise, I must say that in person, the screen is absolutely beautiful. I picked a gorgeous photo for my desktop and I'm still struck by the richness and detail. Originally, I considered carrying the phone in my pocket.  No way ! I have a secure, belt-mounted case for it.The overall quality of the device is pretty high, and although it really is gorgeous, I have mine protected in a (sticky, lint-covered) silicone skin for safety.Back to my hatred of cell phones....  One thing I always despised about my old phone was all the garbage that ATT stuck on it : "Hey, how'd you like to give us even more of your money ?  Pick a button, any button..."  The thing that sealed the deal on the Captivate (Android, in general) was the ability to root the phone and get rid of all that garbage.  Maybe it's not for everyone, but for someone reasonably comfortable with reading (and following) directions, there are many options for modifying or replacing the software on the the phone.  I picked a "ROM" called Cognition 3.04.  A few minor issues at first, but now it's all good.  No stupid bootup sounds, shutdown sounds, cheesy animations, or un-removable greed-ware from ATT.  Plus, if I want, I can plug the phone into my laptop and share the 3G link ("tethering") without having to pay the absurd extra charges that ATT tries to slap you with.Regarding ATT : No I don't hate them.  I get fantastic reception, good service, and never had any unpleasant dealings with them.  The reception (in my area) is _so_ much better that I would never consider changing carriers.  My only gripe (as subtly hinted at above) is that I'm a cheapskate, and really resent it when somebody continuously tries to gouge me for real or imaginary "services" I don't want.For the Captivate (with tethering in mind) I decided to go with the 2 gigabyte monthly data plan.  Another choice I am now very happy with.  Turns out I haven't bothered with the tethering yet, but I'm so hooked on apps and mobile web surfing that I'm easily going over the 200 Mbyte level.  At work, and seemingly everywhere I go around town, there is free wifi.  So my only 3G usage is at home.  Video is a little tedious on 3G, but web surfing and downloading apps are pretty smooth and reliable.  And I'm finding that many of the apps that I like and use require some (but not a lot) of connectivity.  With 2 gigs per month, I can just go ahead and use them without having to keep one eye on the meter.As suggested, I have "come around" and decided that having a smartphone is in fact a good thing.  The apps available are sufficiently powerful and useful to actually be worthwhile. If you are on the fence, I'd encourage you to take the plunge.  Using a smartphone (as it turns out) can be both fun and satisfying.  Even if you hate to talk.....

I thought for sure this was going to be a good phone, but after having it for a year I'd have to say this has been the only phone I've ever purchased that I couldn't wait the full two years to get another one.First the pros:1. Vibrant LCD that you can see easily in the daylight2. Camera takes OK pictures3. Phone is thinNow the cons:1. Battery life SUCKS. Even with nothing running it has to be charged every night.2. The phone loves to crash. I've gotten two replacements for this phone and all of them freeze up unexpectedly every couple days3. The phone responsiveness is SLOW. When the phone doesn't freeze entirely, it always ends up pausing on you while you're trying to do something. This apparently stems from the fact that Samsung uses their own proprietary RFS file system to store things on the internal memory. Do a search for "lag fix" and you'll find a ton of people who have wrote custom firmware hacks to change the internal filesystem to EXT4. Doing that fixes the lag and makes the phone usable.4. No flash for camera5. The video sucks. Taking HD video results in skips and pauses and jerky video.6. Poor support by Samsung. It took over a year and a half after Froyo was released for Samsung to release it to this phone. Not Gingerbread has been out for ages and the only people offering it is homebrew developers that write custom firmwares which void your warranty. SUPPORT YOUR PRODUCT SAMSUNG!I will not be buying a Samsung again.I should note that I'm an computer programmer and Android developer. I know there are obvious things like killing off background apps that improve battery life and performance.

I LOOOOOOOOVE this phone. It is almost perfect in every way. Hardware design, look and feel; Software (Android is a beast); Apps; Multimedia....and have I mentioned the most gorgeous screen I've ever seen on any display? Period. I'm not just talking phone displays...any display. This display rivals top notch HD TV's (ok that's a little hyperbole but you get my drift...it's awesome!!)Now as a disclaimer. I read a lot of the reviews here on this phone and so many of them are comparing it to the iPhone 4. Let me just say that I'm not here to bash the iPhone, I'm not an Apple hater, I've never used an Apple product nor am I inclined to. So I don't know how this phone compares to the iPhone 4. And frankly, I don't care. If people keep going around comparing things to Apple it just signifies that Apple is better.So now that that is out of the way lets go into specifics. Starting from the outside. The phone is exquisitely made. Of all the Galaxy S's I think this looks the best in terms of form factor. Super thin for a smart phone, candy bar design with curved top, 4 touch sensitive buttons at the bottom, and a really nice carbon fiber battery cover. feels light in the hand compared to other phones but not too light. Battery life is what you'd expect from a smartphone: two days with average use, a day on heavy use (video, internet, etc).Next, the screen. WOW, what can I say except its fabulous. Colors are rich and vibrant, it displays the blackest blacks you've ever seen on a phone (so black you don't know where the screen ends and the black border around the phone begins). Its bright, text looks clear and crisp and its bright. Videos look excellent. The music player is awesome. It has two different looks. A straight music player look and a nice cover flow revolving CD look,with lots of different sound options. The camera is awesome. the only complaint I have with this entire phone is the lack of LED flash. Indoor pics look OK but could look better. Otherwise, outdoor shots and shots indoor with good light are excellent. Lots of different options to choose from. And video capture quality is excellent.As for apps and software. What can I say but Android. Productivity and entertainment apps abound. Samsung's UI is also very easy to use and intuitive. calender and contacts management is a breeze. Syncing your contacts with their respective facebook and twitter is easy. Samsung specific apps like daily brief and Friends and Updates (puts your Facebook and Twitter updates together) are very useful. And ofcourse you have plenty of Android Market Apps at your disposal. Some I recommend include Vlingo (speak any command and your phone responds), Opera Mini Browser (though the stock browsers is great too), Google Voice, Album Art Grabber (to spruce up your music player), Fx Camera (uses your camera to take cool pics with different effects) and Gmote (one of the best apps ever, accesses the videos, music and presentations on your computer and controls them like a remote)All in all. This is THE best smart phone out there. Good job Samsung

I bought a new-but-secondhand (i.e. someone else's warranty replacement, they'd already swapped for another phone) Samsung Captivate 897 in November 2010.My first impression was positive:  the bright clear screen.But that's the beginning and end of what I found impressive about the phone.  It gave me a tantalizing view of what mobile phones ought to look like in the distant future, but the present is just too primitive.First, the worst:  a few days ago I looked down at the phone and saw the screen faded almost to black, and the touchpad not working.  I hadn't dropped it and there is no visible damage, so I can't tell what happened to it.  The cost to repair:  $165.  I'd pay for the repair (or struggle with Samsung over whether as a second-hand unit it's covered under warranty), except that I just don't find it worth repairing.  Here are the other less-awful things about this *fragile* phone:* Everything the unit did was *slow*.  Even the cheapest-of-cheap Android phones that I bought to get by since the breakage is faster.  It would often take 1 to 3 seconds to respond to input.  I had maybe a dozen apps installed on it:  if it ran out of memory, it should tell me; I never could figure out the sluggishness.* The camera lens is *raised* from the housing, where it's vulnerable to wear; it was scratched beyond usability within a matter of months, despite being kept in a pocket without any sharp objects.* The Android 2.1 O/S is a work in progress in and of itself; the extra stuff AT&T; adds to it adds up to a lot of clutter (and you can't remove it, at least not without rooting the phone which I never wanted to do).For those of us on older cell-phone plans that can't be re-upped, we actually have to pay cold hard cash for our phones:  this one certainly wasn't worth the big bucks it cost me, and I wouldn't even recommend this one on the freebie promotions being offered these days (you'll wind up having to pay cash out of pocket for any repairs it needs).  Keep shopping, find something more rugged.

I have a captivate on AT&Ts; network. I've tried all the gps fixes posted on xda but none of them make it work like my old blackberry 9000 did. AT&T; just has edge where I live, and it doesn't even work usually. So this phone is essentially a 4 inch wifi-only tablet for me.I have since ordered a droid 2 global. VZW does have 3g here and I've not heard of any issues with the droid 2's gps.I should have known not to get another samsung phone.

Man...I am an iPhone hater, but I gotta agree about the Captivate.  It has very poor battery life (less than 12 hours without talking).  I probably use 500 minutes a month, and use the phone primarily for e-mail and Apps, and I cannot go 24 hours without charging the phone.  That's about 20 minutes on the phone a day, and the phone cannot stay charged.  Bear in mind: I have an auto-killer that kills everything hourly, so I don't have data or battery sucks, though I can't imaging how long the battery life would be otherwise.The phone is quite buggy, and has displayed the following behavior on a regular basis:1.  Apps like Pandora with cause the phone to hang, and not allow you to power down.  You need to hard reboot by removing the battery.2.  Pushing the power button does not light up the screen when in power save mode.3.  Screen brightness jumps to full after being manually turned down, and the auto-adjust option disabled.4.  Going into power save mode while downloading apps will cancel the download.5.  After switching to the camera, you cannot return home and need to reboot the phone.6.  Phone stops receiving data.  This happens with no warning, so you will go hours without e-mail, decide to check manually and then realize you need to reboot the phone.  In the meantime, you may have missed an important e-mail.Oh, how I wish I hadn't sold my 3GS for this.  I thought, Android 2.2 solves a bunch of problems, so it can't be all bad.  How little did I know.A little background:- I have been using the phone since March 2011.- The phone is not rooted, and using Android 2.2

This phone really is slick.  The screen is gorgeous and bright, and the processor and GPU are amazing.  The camera takes good photos in decent light, and it also takes good high-resolution videos.  It feels very nice in the hand and is very light without feeling cheaply made.  The screen is also made of Gorilla Glass so it's nice and scratch resistant.However, there are a few things to keep in mind.  There is no flash for the camera, so pictures in low light situations won't turn out very good at all.  There's a night mode in the camera app, but it doesn't do all that much to help.  There's also no trackball/notification light so you won't know if you have messages or e-mails without actually waking the device.  The phone is a very symmetrical design so it can be hard to know which end is the top when pulling it out of your pocket, so you'll constantly find yourself holding it upside down when you go to look at it.  There's also the issue of AT&T; disabling HSUPA on this phone.  The hardware is perfectly capable of doing HSUPA, but AT&T; has turned it off so that those frequencies are less crowded for those using the iDevice.  We wouldn't want THEM to have slow upload speeds, now would we?But the real drawback is the crapware Samsung loaded on here.  TouchWiz, while it looks pretty nice, performs pretty terribly.  The development community has released lagfixes that speed up the phone considerably (I recommend Super Rooter Extreme for an all in one solution), but hopefully when Samsung releases Froyo it will have fixed all the lag issues.  Basically, for some reason when you launch an app it can stutter and the phone freezes for a second or two before it does anything.  Also, when rebooting the phone it takes forever to scan the onboard media storage to look for changes.  If you're willing to root there are temporary fixes in place that work well enough, but Samsung needs to take the reigns and get this squared away on their end, since other phones running stock Android don't have this problem.In the end, I still highly recommend it.  It's a bit more future-proof than the Nexus One (the only other high-end Android phone I would recommend on AT&T;) as far as hardware is concerned because the Hummingbird chipset is currently unrivaled for sheer power, and since there are Galaxy S phones running this chipset on multiple carriers the development community will come up with some great stuff for these phones over time.  Just know that the way things sit right now you'll have to put up with some quirks until Samsung (or more likely the dev community) fixes them.

This case fits the phone perfectly and did not have any manufacturing flaws. It adds a minimal amount of thickness to the phone. Good buy.

I have had the phone for 10 weeks and lately, one of the major problems I am dealing with is that this phone "freezes". Several times a week the screen will not shut off. I have to reboot it. That is a problem within itself, but the even bigger problem is that when it locks, it becomes hot and uses up all the battery life within 1/2 hour. You have  to constantly check the screen to see if it shuts off correctly. I still give it 3 stars though because it has a lot of really nice features already enumerated by many previous reviewers.

First off this phone is one of or the best android phones around at the moment but I think the htc evo takes the crown.The good: very fast almost computer fastPictures ok not greatVideo goodMusic listening is goodSwypeAmoled screenSpeaker is pretty loudNow the horribly bad: no led flash, I thought it wasn't going to be a big deal but trust me it is.The lag on the phone can be a bit dissapointing even with ryans lag fix.Android market sucks when it comes to entertainment such as games etc.And the reason why this will be my first and last samsung phone!!!! I don't know what kind of nerds samsung has in korea making the firmwares for there phones but they are definitly not the best.it's been a year since froyo 2.2 came out and I still haven't received my update that's just ridiculus!!!! Now gingerbread 3.0 is coming out and I haven't even received froyo 2.2 and to make that even worse everybody else gets the updates before we do and when I say everybody I mean everybody!!! Uk korea china india even the damn canadians what kind of #$*~ is that! I'm not the type to write reviews but this phone made me do it never again will I buy an other samsung phone. All I can say is that this phone in no way no how better then iphone.

Got this on the 20th so I've had a few days to play with it.  Overall I have to say I'm pretty pleased with it, more than I expected to be.  The screen is really, really nice. Words don't really do it justice. Phone looks better up close than it does in pics.Pros:-Great screen.-Fast.  No slowdown or system lag of any kind at this point-Great call quality.  Everyone I've called has noticed the difference.  According to their PR, the calls are digitally filtered by the phone to reduce background noise etc, and it seems to work.-Camera works well/makes pretty pictures.  Tried making some videos, they turned out well.-Speakers are good.  Speakerphone and otherwise-Very light and slim.  Fits in the pocket almost unnoticeable.-Battery use better than expected, maybe the best of any smartphone I've used.  Not bad considering it's rocking a 1ghz processor.Cons:-Proprietary USB adapter kind of sucks.  While plugged in, you basically can't do anything with the phone or it falls out/stops charging.  So long trips with it plugged in to use as a wannabe kindle probably won't end well.-No camera flash-No front facing camera-ATT bloatware.  Their stuff is so bad...-While not as bad as the att shitware, the Samsung apps aren't exactly useful for the most part.-Notification LED doesn't work?  I've heard this before from others, is it just disabled or what?Overall, I think I'd rather have an Evo. But it's a close call, and if you want to be with ATT this is their best droid offering.

I have had my captivate for some time now and it has been an exercise in frustration since day one. Simply put, it is just a broken phone and I don't think samsung cares about it, or their image. Constant lagging, like minutes long lagging. Random shut downs. Sometimes it freezes and you have to remove the battery. Slow and incomplete media scans that does not recognize apps that are on the phone, I can see them in the file browser but not in the app drawer. GPS problems all the time. Constantly deleting my widgets. I could go on and on, this phone is terrible. At first I thought maybe it was just the android os, but none of my friends phones have these problems, so I put the blame squarely on samsung. I love android so much and I love customizing my phone, but this phone makes it difficult to do so when it freezes or shuts down and everything I have done is deleted and I have to start over. Oh and the battery sucks.However, the screen is great. There that is the one nice thing that I can say.Screw you samsung, you suck.

I have owned a lot of phones.  This one is awesome except for a few bugs in the phone that are extremely annoying.  IF and when Samsung implements a fix, it gets a five star:1) AGPS - the GPS as shipped does not use AGPS (cell phone towers) to find an initial position.  using Google maps can take 15 minutes to estimate where you are.  There is a fix out there on the internet, but you need to be a little techno to be able to implement it2) GPS reception and lock.  Even when you do eventually get a GPS lock (this can take anywhere from a few minutes to 20 minutes) the lock comes in and out.  The GPS is almost completely unusable.  After having several other phones and stand alone GPS devices, this is a huge disappointment.  Please note:  these are two separate GPS issues.  Hopefully there will be a fix out there.3) Laggy response.  The phone os slow to update whenever you need to write something to memory.  You will see this for example when marking an email as read or opening an email.  You can see a 5 second delay.  Again - there is a fix out there on the internet, but you need to root your phone to implement it, void your warranty, risk getting in trouble with the Phone cops etc.  Note - when not writing to disk the phone is awesomely fast4) Other little annoyances - long hyperlinks in an email aren't recognized  i.e. when I get an electronic boarding pass emailed to me, the phone does not recognize the link and I can't use it.5) No Skype - not Samsung's fault, but Skype has an exclusive relationship with Verizon.  Still sucks to be a consumer.6) Every once in a while, my email accounts just disappear.  I have to reenter all of my details and download all of my email again.Phone still gets 3 stars - it is awesome.  Read all of the positive reviews and I agree with those.  Just beware of the bugs.  Hopefully they will get fixed.Update - Jan 4 2011A quick update on the bugs mentioned above:1) AGPS seems to be fixed - there is a Samsung app in the market to restore settings.2) GPS - GPS lock and positioning is still horrible.  There was an update pushed out with "enhancements" but still the same problems.  It still can take 10 minutes to get a GPS lock.3) Still laggy response.  It can take 10-15 seconds to open an email.4) Still a problem5) Skype is now released and works on all phones EXCEPT for the Captivate (and other Galaxy S phones).  It is supposed to work for the next update (Andriod Froyo) but not Froyo update yet from AT&T;6) This problem appears to be fixed.For the people with a Phone that shuts down frequently.  I had this problem with my first phone.  I returned it and got a new one and haven't had the problem since.  If you get this problem just return it before the 30 day exchange period runs out.Also - Samsung (or AT&T;) appear to be pretty slow in updates.  This phone still has "Eclair".  "Froyo" which fixes a lot of bugs and adds features was released in May of 2010.  We are still waiting.......  The GPS problem has been known since the phone was released in July of 2010 and we are still waiting for a fix.....

It's an OK phone but a very bad android device. I am on my 2nd phone.  I would return it today if I could.Email client with the phone will not work with Yahoo.  The Yahoo app locks, gives notification of new email but they don't show up, locks when you try to delete multiple mails etc.The OS (Froyo) is two years old and ATT has abandoned the phone.  They NEVER push updates.  They prefer to suck in new customers to new products.The address book disappears.  The SD card is loaded but doesn't show up sometimes.The camera and phone features are not bad.  The screen is very good.  These don't offset the bad features.The apps cause the phone to lock up frequently.I think the good reviews from people that write a review after little use or don't use apps.  My friend turns off his phone except when he makes calls, guess what?  He likes it.  However, if you have used an IPhONE you know how sorry this device is.I finally gave up, bent over and surrendered to ATT.  My 3rd phone shuts off frequently.  I just decided to cancel.  ATT is not willing to work with you and give you a different phone.  They will offer you a credit of "maybe $35" for a new phone.

This phone was good before....but now with the update it is FAST!!!  no Lags in browser searches and no more wifi drop outs....great display with Gorilla Glass(better that iphone!) and takes every App I can throw at it!!!  Get them free before they are gone.  This is not a HACK update...it was released by Samsung & ATT.  only took 20 minutes to update and I lost no apps or data!

As a long time smart phone owner (original iPhone, iPhone 3GS, Moto Droid for 1 month and Nexus One for 8 months), I was very excited to get my Samsung Captive.  The screen was fantastic as expected.  It was incredibly responsive.  Calls were crisp and clear.  Even the AT&T; issues I'd experienced with my iPhones were either fixed in the last year or a problem with the iPhones themselves.  The captivate was the best phone I'd ever had.  Until I needed to use the GPS.There were three problems with the GPS. 1) it took too long to get a location 2) the location just wasn't very accurate and 3) it wasn't very reliable: it would just "lose" you while driving.  I used my iPhone and Nexus one GPS all the time, for driving, runnning, and golf.  For driving you actually don't need a super accurate GPS.  Usually if it's within 100 feet, the navigation software puts you on the correct road and you don't notice the error.  But for golf, when you need to know within a few yards how far away the green is, 100 feet just doesn't cut it.  The iPhone and Nexus One would always get within 10 ft very quickly.  I never saw the Captivate get anywhere near there, and even when it could get within 30ft accuracy, it took way too long to get it.  You couldn't take the phone out of your pocket and look at the distance, you'd take your phone out of your pocket and wait 2 minutes for anything.Those problems were more related to speed and accuracy.  The reliability issue was even more frustrating.  You'd be driving down the road using the fantastic android navigation software, and all of a sudden it would just say "GPS signal lost".  I only used the Captivate for navigation once, and I had to pull over three times to look at a map directly, and pull two U-turns since it didn't tell me to turn until way too late (1 mile after the turn it would regain signal and give me new directions based on the missed turn).  Needless to say I was furious and wanted to throw the phone out the window.Luckily, Samsung announced there was a fix coming for these issues.  Even luckier, I got the fix before my 30 day return window had passed since the fix did absolutely nothing to help.  I had to return the phone even though it only had the one flaw, since that flaw was such a fatal issue.  I have to give the phone a single star since it was missing one of the most important smartphone features in gps and navigation.  Also, Samsung handled this issue so horrifically that they've lost a customer for life.

I've had this phone since August of 2010.  CANNOT WAIT TO UPGRADE.I was in love with it for the first few months.  Then it started with random lock-ups that could only be relieved with a battery-pull. And, the phone is S-L-O-W with everything it does, although I make sure I have nothing running in the background.  It really is not a pleasure to use at all.I've upgraded the software twice (it came with with Eclair and I upgraded to Froyo and now Gingerbread).  Samsung does NOT make upgrading the software easy either.I use this phone for work, and it has proven extremely unreliable with the lock-ups.  The reception is very weak as well, compared to an iPhone 3GS and 4S and because of this I use an AT&T; M-Cell, which gives me 5 bars.The screen on this phone is stunning and the size is nice, but I can't tell you how many times I wanted to throw it against the wall due to these irritating lock-ups and slow response.This is what I get for trying the FIRST version of hardware.  I'd like to think that Samsung has ironed out the bugs with this phone with later releases, but think I'll try HTC next.

GPS does not work now...phone randomly looses service.I am really really frustrated.I wish, i had bought iPhone 4 :(

Pros: Beautiful SAMOLED screen, not as good as the newer ones but colors and blacks still look better than conventional LCD displays. The 5 MP rear camera is fairly decent in well-lit conditions, and the video camera performs well also. The construction of the phone itself is superb; it is made of sturdy plastic, the backplate is made of metal (much better construction than its successors, which are plastic), and the screen is made of Corning Gorilla Glass. I have intentionally tried to scratch it with nails and screwdrivers to no avail. Because of the construction, the phone has an above average resiliency to drops. I have dropped it from 9ft onto a hard floor, and it has taken violent falls during mosh pits at concerts, sustaining only a small dent on the side. The construction is definitely a plus. While the phone is officially upgradable to 2.3.5 Gingerbread, there is a huge development community behind the phone for all those who are interested in software modifications. The device can already run the latest (as of today) 4.2 Jelly Bean, and still continues to receive support from developers despite its age. The device's 1GHz Hummingbird single-core CPU and PowerVR GPU can handle basic multitasking and gaming without too much trouble. The audio hardware in the device is great (also not found on newer models). The battery, SIM card, and MicroSD are easily accessible under the backplate.Cons: The device is becoming aged and simply can't compete with devices from newer generations. It performs similar tasks much slower than the Galaxy S2, which is dual-core. The phone will struggle under heavy multitasking. The 512 MB of RAM isn't very much, and will frequently run out, resulting in lag and launcher redraws. The device's GPS is handicapped due to a design flaw, and is almost unusable in some cases. Unlike all the other Galaxy S, this one does not have a front-facing camera. Additionally, there is no flash on the rear camera. The device essentially receives no more support from AT&T; or Samsung.

I went into the AT&T; store to buy an IPhone 3.  While there, I looked at the Samsung Captivate.  I was very impressed with the bigger screen and some of the features.  My main motivation for buying this phone:1. Amazon offered this phone for $49.99, as opposed to AT&T; who wanted $199.2. All the reviews I read were very positive.I have had the phone for a month, and so far I am very pleased.  The touch technology works great!

I was holding out to get an Android. I wanted to make sure I got one worth the money & new contract. After hearing all the amazing reviews of Samsung Galaxy S I decided to go for it. I've owned this phone now for about 2 months. It was easy to set up, set up my email, use Facebook, and connects to my wireless internet at home with no problems. I've browsed the web, shopped for apps, and never have problems. The phone works great, no issues there. There is an unlimited amount of options to set up this phone to how you would like it when it comes to settings, displays, sounds, etc. Videos look amazing! The phone is very responsive, scroll through the screens with a quick flip of the finger with no freezing or delay. My favorite part is Swype! How did I ever text without this? I watched the little tutorial and was a little intimidated, didn't think I would be able to get it down or that it just wouldn't work. Within about a minute of practicing I was flying through text with no problem. Long texts take just a second now & I don't have to abbreviate to save time... it's amazing! Not sure I will be able to go back to the old way. I use the alarm to get up in the morning & it hasn't let me down yet. I haven't had any of the issues I have seen in other reviews with the phone shutting down or locking up. Battery life was a little bad at first, I looked around on some forums & found tips that worked out well. To save on battery life make sure you don't have the brightness on the screen set too high, if you use Live wallpapers that will drain your phone, I also have the vibration shut off for when you touch the screen, etc. Since making these little adjustments battery life has been fine. I always charge my phone at night no matter what the battery level is so I can't say how long it would last beyond a day. Great little phone, I would definitely buy this again!

This phone is unbelievable! The best of every world.Own your phone! = No need to get suck into iPhones endless control over the content allowed on your phone.Android OS! - check out XDA developers forum on the Samsung Captivate. Unleash the beast that is SAMSUNG + ANDROID! COGNITION ROM makes this phone even better then it already is.Productivity! - You can run an entire business out of the palm of your hand!The hardware on the phone is unbelievable. Its sleek, fast, and the AMOLED screen; WOW!In my opinion once the consumer begins to realize what lies outside of the world of iPhone APPLE will begin to see the beginning of its smartphone market share decline. Be a slave to the iPhone or run your imagination to the endless possibilities of what SAMSUNG + ANDROID has to offer. Cant wait for the TABLET!

I bought this from Amazon at the new year 2011, but I waited for the Android 2.2 upgrade to see if the GPS was fixed. Now that the 2.2 is released and installed, I can certainly agree with everyone that the features are wonderful. The screen is beautiful and the performance is great.But 2.2 was supposed to finally fix the GPS, and it just simply hasn't. The reality seems to be that Samsung Galaxy S GPS's are just not very good.This is a major feature of modern phones, so I think three stars is about the maximum this phone deserves.

Yes, the official version of android 2.2 was released in February 2011.  Late, yes, but available through Samsung mini keyes (a download on the samsung web page).  Android 2.2 is FAR better than 2.1. Not counting the little things, 2.2 is at least twice as fast and far more stable.And don't forget that FROYO has flashplayer.Also noteworthy:The Samsung galaxy S series (including the captivate) uses a hummingbird processor that is faster than the snapdragon (of the same generation).Now to the review. I ordered two of these from Amazon. I was originally hesitant, as opposed to ordering directly from ATT. But, beyond the 30 day warranty each offers, all you can do is rely on the manufacturer. Amazon delivered promptly. Out of the two phones, mine has had no problems, while my wife's was glitchy and sometimes powered off by itself. Research online suggested no fix. We contacted Amazon, which sent a replacement before requiring the original to be sent back first--- far better service than I ever recieved from ATT online. The second phone started to glitch as well, but by this time android 2.2 was officially released.After installing 2.2, the phone has become stable. I'm still watching it for any glitches, but it's been over a week without problems.So, for the verdict? Ther are only three top of the line choices for android on ATT. If you want to pay  $60-100 for the Inspire, vs the 1cent for the captivate, go ahead. The captivate comes with more internal storage, and a faster processor. Reviews suggest better phone call quality as well.The Inspire has slightly more RAM and a larger screen.The captivate can do anything android can do with the best of them. Far more customization than IPhone and windows phone 7. I wouldn't trade a free captivate for a $300 iPhone 4 anyday.Amazon offers great service and unbelievable prices. I have to say I've been impressed.

I've only had my Samsung Captivate for a few days now, so perhaps this is a bit premature to write a review. But I'm so excited about it and wanted to say that it's a great phone. There are SO many great apps on Android and the speed of browsing on the Captivate is lightening fast. The screen is gorgeous and it takes great pics and HD video (even without having a flash for the camera) I'm a little disappointed that it doesn't have a dedicated camera button on the outside, but I'll live. ;)Only other con is the email app takes a little while to load, not sure why... but the call quality seems decent so far and everything else has been a joy. I'm pretty certain this is the best Android phone on AT&T.; Definitely worth the penny special, if not the full price!

Thank the heavens AT&T; didn't drink all of the I phone cool-aid and finally offered a Android phone that was worth while. This model is no where near the best of all the android phones out there, but it is by far the best one offered by AT&T...; It runs on android 2.1 and has a very nice AMOLED display that looks very nice!!!  Battery is a pain if you do all the things this phone is capable of doing...I have had it for 3 days and have had to charge it every day....Like the phone so far... just wish there were more choices with AT&T; for androids...

Alright I truly have to say that i have been disapointed with this phone. It locks all the time, it shuts off for no reason and it has been replace twice. The worst part about it Im stuck with it Att wont change it for another one. My first experiance with a smart phone.

I bought the phone in Nov'10 as I  was expecting that Samsung will upgrade to froyo 2.2 shortly.As it turns out, rest of the world has got froyo 2.2 upgrade except USA. Samsung customer service is horrible as they just do not care for the customer's experience.Well, it is good hardware with a dumb brain as Samsung is still twisting AT&T; to get something in return before they release Android 2.2 upgrade in US, and in turn loosing their own reputation and market.DO NOT BUY IT.

I've had this phone for about 2 months now and I think it is worthy of a review. If you're choosing between this and the iPhone I HIGHLY suggest you choose this and save yourself some money. There's no need to spend 200 more dollars on pretty much the same phone, if not better.The Captivate is a great phone, but not prefect.Pros:- Slick and easy to use interface: Widgets and icons on the home screen make it easy to use while still looking really good.- The AMOLED display is amazing.- Setting up email is simple and quick.- Flipping through menus and screens is a breeze and there is no waiting and little lag.- Even though there aren't as many apps as the iphone, there is still everything you need and more. There are all of the productivity tools you need for a phone and there are plenty of games, the games aren't as advanced as the iphone's but they are getting there.- FREE GPS navigation. Full featured, turn by turn directions. You can pretty much get rid of your portable car gps.- Very customizable. The live wallpapers are neat, widgets are helpful, wide range of apps that can get your phone exactly how you want.- Text messaging is a breeze, the buttons are responsive and the SWYPE input option is very fast if you can get used to it.- Camera is really good for a phone and the video is REALLY good for a phone. Videos look very clear and sharp and there is no lag on it.- Good call quality.- 16gb of memory on board is a huge plus. And it's expandable to another 16 gb.- If you have a wireless n router, then connect the phone to it instead of using the 3g. I just started using this last night and it is extremely fast, it amazed me how much of a difference there was. Pages loaded entirely in about 2-3 seconds.- Battery is good if you have it on the right display settings. You should have to charge it every night unless you use it all day.Some cons:- AT&T; bloatware. I highly suggest rooting the phone whenever you can. This way you can delete the AT&T; bloatware, which makes the phone run faster. If you add too many apps with the att apps on there the phone begins to run a little slow.- Apps are saved only on a 2gb internal memory card and you can't save them to the 16gb card unless you root the phone.- I have about 1500 songs on the on board memory right now and the stock music player runs a little slow. It is not as breezy as and iPhone, but it still works well.- The phone can get laggy at times when too many apps are being used.- No notification light. Text, calls, email, etc. can go unnoticed if you don't hear the notification. Theres an app called NoLED that is useful but still a light around the phone would have been better.- No front facing camera. No big deal. How often do people need to video chat on their phone anyway?- The phone is BIG, people with smaller hands may not like it, but I have pretty big hands so it fits perfectly.- The gps signal is weird. When I use it and have the phone in my lap while driving, it will lose signal, which can potentially get you lost. But if you keep it on the dash and it can clearly see the sky, the signal is fine.Again, I highly suggest rooting your phone and getting the Titanium Backup app, this will allow you to delete those really unnecessary ATT apps and have the phone run faster.Also if you do get this phone, do NOT get a task killer app, it actually makes the phone slower for some reason. The phone is made to handle multitasking.The cons are all things that are easy to look past and they're just little gripes that I think may matter to some people. I'm glad I chose this over the iPhone and I would do it again any day. It pretty much depends if you prefer android over the iOS. (I feel like they're generally the same in most aspects)This should be everything you need to know if you're considering this phone. Thanks for reading.

I had high hopes for the Captivate. I had to upgrade from my Motorola Backflip which if you think the Captivate is memory bound just look at the Backflip. Having seen a Captivate from a person in the seat next to me on the airplane I knew it was the phone I wanted to move to.It wasn't until I got the phone that the one feature I depend on as a road warrior, GPS, doesn't work well on the Captivate. Getting a GPS lock takes time. Tracking while moving in a vehicle and it can't keep up. I tried all the "settings" people posted which basically only helped the initial lock time from minutes to less than a minute. Tracking is useless. Since I truly love the other features of the phone I sprung for a GPS dongle which hopefully will resolve my GPS issue. But a phone as expensive as the Captivate it should have GPS working out of the box. Even the Motorola Backflip GPS works better than the Captivate which is sad. On the Captivate I tried Google Maps Navigation, Waze and CoPilot Live which all worked just fine on the Backflip on the same streets I've tried the Captivate out on.Otherwise all the great things people have posted about the screen are true. Memory wise it is way better than the Backflip and the processor is loads faster. Photos are amazing even without a flash. Haven't done a video yet.But I can't recommend this phone due to the poor quality GPS. Even rooting and installing Android v2.2 (Cognition ROM v2.3b8) made no difference to navigation.  The lock is slightly faster but it just does not keep up on the road.  You need a GPS dongle (see below) to get navigation to work.  I used the Google Navigator application but Waze and CoPilot Live both exhibit the same behavior with the built in GPS.[Update: Jan 7, 2011] Received the GlobalSat BT-395 from Amazon and it works with the Captivate! Download the free "Bluetooth GPS" application from Android market and use that to connect to the 395. This has made the Captivate function as a navigation device... finally. Though I do have the downside of having to carry yet another device in my jacket pocket and remember to charge it up every so often.I also happened across an issue of Consumer Reports yesterday that ranked the Captivate right behind the iPhone 4. This is another reason I've stopped relying on Consumer Reports. They rated the navigation on the Captivate as "Very good" when it is not.[Update Jan 19, 2011] Knocked it down to one star because GPS does not work for navigation on Android v2.2 using the Cognition ROM. I do not recommend people go down this path unless they are highly technically skilled. But it doesn't fix anything. The lock time is faster than stock but navigation is still too far behind to be of any use. This looks like a hardware problem. Avoid this phone if you need to use GPS for navigation (unless you invest in a dongle like I did).

Had the Motorola droid before. It was slower, smaller screen. Never have any major problem with the droid. Had to switch to AT & T, since my area' cell tower went down for verizon.Samsung Captivate is much faster, bigger screen which is good.But I have problems with the GPS, I have the latest updated. but it didn't solve the GPS problems. I would be crossing the SF bay bay bridge, and at the toll booth, it give stupid direction, like make a U-turn. when I'm heading to daily city.After 2 months with the phone, My phone start turning off randomly. I check around the web, it seem like other people has same issue. and there is no solution, except to exchange for another phone. It's pain in the butt to check every half hour, to make sure, the phone didn't turn off by itself.I'm still stuck at 2.1 operating system, while most other phones are at 2.2 O.S.can wait till my 2 year contact is over. so I can get a real smartphone.I'm never going to buy any samsung phone.

I've owned the phone since it was released and have been severely disappointed by the lack of an OS update to Froyo.  Especially now that Gingerbread is out.  So SAMSUNG, why can't we get an OS upgrade?  I was told by AT&T that an update would be coming shortly for Froyo and bought the phone in good faith based on that information, but it wasn't true in the slightest.  Now with Gingerbread coming out and no update in sight, all I can say is I will never buy another product from SAMSUNG again due to the lack of support.

Yes Friends!! after having my hands on DroidX, Nexus One.... I would say this is the best available Android Device with 3 perspective1. Screen Clarity2. Great User Interface3. PricingApart from that, here are some Pros:1. Excellent Bluetooth Connectivity2. Moto Blur like feature is cool3. DLNA ( Which mean you connect this device to Samsung DVD player and Bingo...it integrates all the music and videos straight to the TV)4. TV out capability is very good if not execellent5. Phone and Speakers are astonishing ( YEAH!! No Antennae Reception issues)6. 5MP is very good7. Phone is even lighter than Droidx and Nexus One ( Was surprised with this result)8.16 GB INTERNAL STORAGE9. 512 Mb RAM, that mean any updates more than FROYO is possible (Remember do not buy any Android device less than 512 MB).10. 3G speed in my area came to about 2.4 Mbps, which is about .3 Mbps faster than Nexus One ( when compared simultaenously)11. Faster WifiNow here are few Cons:1. No out of market App support ( off course this affects only small community of users, and blame it on At&t; here)2. 5 MP Camera is excellent, but a Flash would have been a Bonus.3. No Notification Light, although the LED slot is visible ( not sure if this is a defect in my phone or it is standard, I will check back with Samsung and Update the review)4. Wait for FROYO until September 2010.All in all, if you are confused between iPhone4 and Captivate; My first and last choice will be Captivate coz of excellent Large screen and Freedom from iTunes. 4 Inch screen make Iphone4 look like a Baby. I am just surprised that Samsung has come up with such a Beauty!! and Nokia's, RIMs are still wondering 'WHAT WILL CONSUMERS LOVE??'

In my opinion the phone is great but fails to deliver on some of the key things like the GPS. The captivate is lighter than iphone 4 and the screen resolution is great but i think the look and feel of iphone 4 is bettter. The touch screen is also responsive, the swipe keyboard makes typing lot easier.It's been almost a week since I got the phone, the GPS doesn't work at all. The 'menu','home','back','search' button on the bottom of the phone is not very responsive and you'll have to press it multiple times.I often get 'network error' when i try to use the internet or any app that uses internet with Wi-Fi connection.Research the GPS issue in other blogs/websites before buying this phone.[...]

my first andriod phone was the HTC ARIA I got on amazon, it was good the first week then I started having issues, like locking up texting, had to push hard on the screen, swiping wasn't as smooth and senstive as new. Amazon let me send it back and exchanged for Capitvate. I really like this phone, why? compared to the Aria here are the pro's...call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card. Screen is clear and bright, record video at 720HD, does well taking photos even with out flash, but I didn't buy it for that as I have Canon EOS. I installed an app killer, so when I boot it, I kill back ground apps, then stop services I don't need and after 3 charges I'm easly getting 2 days of use, once 3, all depends on WIFI, internet use and bluetooth. Like everyone else you turn down the screen brightness which helps and its still bright at the lowest setting. Pairs up fast and easy to my moto bluetooths. I have had the phone since 9.22, still getting used to all the features but after 18 days I am really happy with this phone and doesn't look like I'm giving it up. I would say if your on the fence about getting a smartphone and have ATT, I would say check this one out, the IPhone4 or HTC Aria. Iceing on the cake was I paid $60 for this phone and although the HTC Aria was 1 cent, I am whey happier with this phone and was well worth the upgrade cost. For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.

It has been very disappointing that Samsung released this phone without giving much thought, if any, to the demand for any of the accessories - like the docking station and other "official" Samsung accessories. Had I known that week after week would go by without being able to order any of the accessories I'd really like, then I would not have purchased it (I bought it on the first day it became available).It's a good enough phone, but it could be better with an LED flash for the camera. The screen looks great, but that is really the only thing that sets it apart from some of the other Android devices. Other than that, between Samsung's horrible planning on the availability of accessories and the lack of a flash, it is nothing really special. If I had it to do over again, then I may have gone with an iPhone.

Bought this for my wife last May. We've finally given up and are paying to do an early upgrade to something different. (Small price to pay -- otherwise she's going to break it in half and stab me in the head with it.)I'd read great reviews of the phone. The specs look great, but we found it buggy, unreliable and often non-functional. Even after doing extensive troubleshooting, trying hard resets, etc., it has problems maintaining a wifi connection, often refuses to retrieve e-mail (even from Gmail), and frequently shuts itself down inexplicably. Google Voice, which is supposed to be a baked-in feature, doesn't work that well. And the notification system doesn't do a very good job of actually notifying you that something needs your attention.Even at maximum volume, the ringer is difficult to hear. The function/navigation buttons at the bottom are sluggish to non-responsive. The screen responsiveness is lacking. And Samsung/AT&T; don't seem to care about pushing out software updates or upgrades. We've been waiting for months for Froyo hoping it would solve some of the problems, but we're unwilling to wait any longer.On the plus side, since it's unable to check e-mail and such as that, the battery life is much better than on my iPhone.Maybe our kids will be able to use it to watch movies in the car or something.ADDED JUNE 22, 2011 --While my wife was using the Captivate, she consistently bumped up against her data cap on our AT&T; plan, and sometimes went over. She's now using her iPhone 3GS FAR more than she EVER used the Captivate (web, Facebook, etc. -- she's on it all the freakin' time now) but we have yet to get an e-mail that she's nearing her data cap.In part this is because the Captivate's wifi didn't work well at all, so all her usage defaulted to the cell network rather than our wifi, but she didn't use it that much because the Captivate was so buggy and unreliable. So there must have been something else at work with the Captivate that was eating up data.I don't suppose it's possible to give the Captivate negative stars, is it?

I love my phone! It is one of the easiest ones I have used and I love the number of applications I can use on it. It was a "best buy" and I will make sure to enjoy it for the next two years :)I do wish a person could get rid of the bloatware on the phones. I will not use them and they just take up space. That is very annoying.Overall, it is a great phone!

We bought this from an AT&T Store only so I could keep my unlimited data plan (didn't see an option here on Amazon), but I can safely say that I have not missed my iPhone 3G one bit! The Captivate is a fantastic phone! Loving Swipe and what Samsung calls "Haptic Feedback" where the phone vibrates at every button push. Honestly, it's a great phone, and AT&T can't be beat for service and network quality here in SE Michigan! My Captivate has faster upload/download speeds on AT&T 3G than we can get through our Comcast cable internet!

I've been stuck with this phone over a year now, it's so bad that I can't bring myself to upgrade, instead will be forced to leave AT&T; in the hope one of the other carriers will give better service; couldn't possibly be worse.This "device" is a horrible phone, sound quality of internal and external speakers is very poor, reception is very poor; it really barely qualifies as a phone. Think tin cans and string here.Software has been buggy from the start, and often renders the device unusable as you can't clear the search screen quick enough to use any other functions. It is impossible to upgrade to a newer version of the OS because not only is the installed software buggy, Samsung's upgrade software in non-functional; 2 major Android upgrades have come and gone for most users, but this phone is stuck with eclair.Neither AT&T; or Samsung have rushed to roll out any updates for this device, which would have been nice if the were installable. AT&T;'s over the air upgrade never ever happened.The drivers are so poor, even the last resort of modifying this thing with a custom OS is not an option because nothing Samsung works on a Windows computer.This phone is so bad that I am currently using an old flip-style RAZR while this Samsung is given to my 4 yr old to play angry birds on....it does that OK, I guess. It's too bad that I have to pay data charges for the term of the contract that I signed, but AT&T; and Samsung are not required to supply me with a working device per the contract that they "signed"I for one will never use AT&T; for any service once this is expired, nor will I ever buy anything made by Samsung again.

Oh how I wanted to love this phone!  I'm a consistant anti-apple guy, and when my old Blackberry died, I figured this was the item.  Great reviews and features, and not tied to iTunes.I won't list the good points, read everyone's reviews.  For ease of use, Android beats iOS4 hands down on most functions.  Love the context menu button.Cons:1. GPS not good.  I was sitting next to my wife who was using an htc droid incredible, she was getting voice navigation and this phone hadn't found gps signal yet.2. The on/off button and volume controls are perfectly positioned so that the left hand is forced to touch them in landscape mode! I can't tell you how many calls and internet sessions I disconnected.3. When the screen dims, the "real" buttons at the bottom are not lit, so it's a guess where the "home" and "back" (etc) buttons are in the dark.4. Compass was unreliable.  (Yes I did the figure of 8 wiggle)5. NO FLASH! Half of the pictures are poor (the others are great).6. No voice dialing, wait for Android 2.2 Froyo (what the hey?).  How are you supposed to drive safely without it?7. I barely make a whole day on the overnight charge. (No video, No music, and not really a lot of internet)Summary: The phone went back during the 30 day "trial period".  The problems were mostly hardware, and I'm not sure why that should be.  Why the vendors can't implement Android 2.2 more quickly is a mystery to me, again a hardware (developer) related problem.  As for me, I'm singing the AT&T; cell phone blues.

Like many, I was looking for a phone as an alternative to the iPhone 4, if only because all my fanboi friends had an iPhone. According to the reviews, this phone fit the bill perfectly. But after 6 months, I can honestly say it was not a good purchase, even tho the phone does have a lot going for it.Pluses:Excellent camera--takes clear pictures, and the panorama feature is pretty cool.Screen is bright, clear, and honestly is one of the best displays on the market at the time. HD video on YouTube is crystal clear.You can increase the internal storage by the addition of a mini hd card--much cheaper than buying a larger capacity iPhone.Battery life was not bad.Minuses:Crapware that ATT installs is hugely annoying.Compared to the iPhone, the  interface is clunky. Probably not an issue for most, but since I use my phone a lot it became a big annoyance.Exchange mail was impossible. Gmail will not support Exchange unless you go with the enterprise version of Gmail, something my business was unwilling to do. I tried a few 3rd party exchange clients, they were all buggy. Also could not get Exchange to route to Gmail. This was a huge fail for me, as I need access to my corp mail. Probably my fault for not researching better, but yeah, Exchange mail on this phone was a no go.I did not experience the random shutting off issue, but the phone would occasionally get the hiccups when I tried to do more than one thing at a time.The four command buttons at the bottom of the screen had to be hit precisely or they would not function. Huge fail. Apple's one button system is far better. Perhaps my sausage fingers are to blame.Web browsing: Extremely painful--no mater what browser I used. Pages would not display correctly, page loads were slow, sometimes not loading at all. Probably not the phones fault but the browsers'.Call quality: switching from a Motorola Razr, I noticed an immediate downgrade in call quality. People complained that they could not hear me, that I sounded tinny. Had the same issues when listening to others. I also had tons of dropped calls, which I assumed was the fault of ATTs network. I also had issues getting on the network in remote locations, which I assumed was the network. But my friends had no issue connecting to the same network with their ATT phones. Many missed texts and "where are u?"Since switching to an iPhone 4 on ATT, I have not had as many dropped calls or network issues. I still do have problems with ATT, but not as many.GPS: Broken. No fix in sight.Updates: Doubt Froyo 2.2 will ever be released for this phone.In the end, I sold the Captivate and bought an iPhone 4, and since then I have had none of the issues that I had with the Captivate. Best decision I ever made, even if I now feel like a fanboi. Guess I can live with that.

I was extremely excited to purchase the Captivate because it is a wonderful phone, running a wonderful operating system (Android 2.1), and has an incredible screen. When I bought it from Amazon, I tried it out for a few days and loved it so much that I bought one for my wife.Android 2.1 (Eclair) is great, but the only reason I bought this phone was because of the promise of the upgrade to Android 2.2 (Froyo). Not only is 2.2 faster, but it integrates Bluetooth voice dialing, which I desperately need in my car to keep my hands on the wheel. I am thinking of Rooting the phone because I want to get rid of the AT&T; bloatware (none of which I will be using) and I want to be able to use some incredible apps that are only available for rooted phones (Titanium Backup for one). The Captivate handles everything very well. The movement of the programs and the transistions is very fast. If you are seeing any studdering in the transitions or program loading, I would recommend changing the display Animations in the settings to Some instead of All.The capactive buttons at the bottom are a little bit of a hassle. I would have preferred real buttons. I hit search button all of the time when I meant to hit the back. The back button and the search button should be reversed because I will use the back button 10 times more.The phone is actually too thin. I knew after the first day that I would have to get a case for this phone to effectively hold it while I am using it. I bought the Body Glove case (the one without a stand) and I recommend it. It fits very snug and adds very little thickness to the phone while make it fit more securely in my hands.The battery life is good and it could be better, but I know for a fact it is better than most smart phones. I ordered a car charger and I am planning on getting an extra wall charger for work so battery life will be something I never need to worry about.So, the bad news... The GPS on both my phone and my wife's phone does not work at all. I knew this could happen before I bought them, but I still bought them because of Samsung's promise to fix the issue. Some people have problems with the GPS taking too long to get a signal, our's doesn't get a signal after more than 15 minutes. This has to get fixed! Samsung, you promised a fix, DON"T SIT ON YOR THUMBS ON THIS ONE! I can send mine back for a replacement, but it seems at least half of the phones have this problem, so a fix is all that will take care of it.So, all in all a great phone. Once the GPS fix is out and Froyo is available, I will consider this phone to be as great as I expected. I know the missing flash for the camera is a bad thing, but I bought it knowing it didn't have one. I am already enjoying this phone and I will be enjoying it for the next two years.

this phone is overpriced. I cant believe that at&t; and other phone companies treat new customers better then their existing loyal customers.its $50 for a new customer and $179 to extend a two year family contract. Ive been with at&t; for SIX YEARS!! what a ripoff!i am part of a family plan one day I noticed this phone was $100 with a two year contract extension on a family plan. $100 is reasonable but the next day it shot up to $179.00 with a two year extension on a family plan. that isnt worth it!!!this got the short end of the stick with all of the other Galaxy S devices for example Verizons version the fascinate is the exact same thing it just looks different on the outside..the fascinate looks more round instead of looking rectangular like the captivate. they have the same software and same specs for example they both have a 5 mega pixel camera and can both shoot video in 720p HD and both have a 1 gigahertz hummingbird processor (faster than iphone 4 in every way)its the same thing as the captivate but they added a FLASH to the camera.and Verizon lets it go for free!!! WTF!?i dont want to pay almost $200 for a phone without flash..the phone with flash (fascinate) is FREE!!! with a two year contract over at Verizon.The Pros: This phone is On Par with the iphone 4..better color contrast than iphone 4 (thanks to the SUPER AmoLED screen), capable of shooting HD videos in 720pits camera is better than the iphone 4, its faster than the iphone 4, better customization than the iphone 4all in all its just betterwhat the iphone 4 has on the captivate is that the iphone 4 has a front facing camera and flash thats it! everything else the captivate is better at doingif i could of purchased this phone for $100 i would realisticly give it 4 stars because of the missing front facing camera and no flash featuresif this phone had a front facing camera and flash i would gladly pay $199 and give it 5 stars..im gonna wait until the price goes down because anything over $100 right now is just not worth it

This is my first Android phone & like it alot. I went from a Blackberry to this Samsung Captivate & the only thing I miss is buttons, otherwise the voice recognition is my favorite part of this phone- You can just speak anything you want to do & its good at interpreting your speech. The web browsing is good, the camera & video are good. Overall excellent.

Oh how I wish I had read more reviews on this phone before entering myself into a 2 year contract with this phone.The Good:-The screen resolution is really nice. You're not going to find a better screen than this one-The Samsung stock widgets are pretty cool-It's light. It's still way lighter than the iPhone 4 and pretty much any other phone-It's tough. I've dropped this phone several times now and it's still functioning :-) and has only minor scratches.The Bad:-Read on....The Phone:-----------GPS didn't work out of the box. I bought my phone in October and GPS never worked. I waited for AT&T; to roll out an update, which they did, but it didn't fix my GPS issues (I think it did on some). I had to go to an external website and follow their step-by-step directions to get it working.-Once the phone is restarted it's completely unresponsive (unusable) for the first 2 or 3 minutes. It does a Media Scan every time which can take way too long.-Still no Google Froyo (2.2). They've been telling us we'll get an update "soon". Still waiting...-Charging the phone can be a real annoyance because the port is so tiny. When I charge my phone I have to turn on the light and look at the cable and the port to see if I'm plugging it in right. (I came from having an iPhone where it was easy to connect the phone to the charger because the port was big)-The charging/usb port is on TOP of the phone. If your phone is charging and you have to make a phone call, the cable hangs from on top of the phone thus making it awkward when trying to make a phone call. (This is a minor quibble I suppose)-Sometimes even making/receiving phone calls can be a nightmare. When calls come in, sometimes the touch response of the phone doesn't acknowledge that I'm trying to answer the phone. And when I'm actually on a call and I take the phone away from my ear to either enter something in the keypad or even hang up the phone, the screen is completely black. It won't acknowledge that I'm trying to make some sort of input into the phone. So if I've called someone and it's gone to voicemail and I don't want to leave a message, I can't even hang up the phone.-The sound settings for this phone are too loud even on the lowest setting. When I try to set the sound level on my alarms it's done by incremental, numeric measurements (i.e. 1 - 10 or something). And even level 1 is too loud. (Minor quibble)-The volume buttons on the phone are active even when the phone is locked. When I have the phone in my pocket it will sometimes brush against the linings of my pocket and cause the music volume to raise or lower. (This is a minor quibble, but it's still very annoying)-The alarm defaults don't make sense. If you create a new alarm, you have to enable snooze in order to have it active. It doesn't default to snooze. Also, if you purposely have your phone on silent the alarm will still sound. This sucks when you're at a talk or a movie because it suddenly rings when you weren't expecting it to because it's on silent.*I'm not sure if this is Froyo's fault or the phone's fault. But if you use the Google Maps App and then lock the phone, it will continue to use the GPS functionality even though you have your phone locked. This will drain your battery and is a major annoyance.Your Phone + Your Computer-----------------After installing the drivers you can't even plug in the phone to a Windows 7 (64x) computer without having to enable mounting on the phone EVERY TIME. This is a major annoyance.-Album covers have to be embedded into the songs if you'd like to see the cover art for that song. (My first smart phone was an iPhone 3g, I didn't have this issue with that phone)-Samsung Kies doesn't work for me. I have the US version which supposedly just does updates, but, the software crashes for me.-If you plug in your phone to the computer it's completely unusable. (Although, I think it did this too with the iPhone 3G)-If your songs start with "..." or any other non (A-Za-z) character then it won't be recognized and probably won't get synced.The Camera-----------I'm not using the camera on this phone as a replacement for a real camera. I'm just using it for spur-of-the-moments.-The camera is not great on this phone. If you're outside pictures will look clear. If you're inside with a decent amount of lighting pictures will look clear. If you're inside and trying to take pictures of someone on stage, you will not be able to take a clear picture at all. It will always look too bright. I was able to much better looking pictures on my old iPhone 3G than this.-The responsiveness of the camera controls can be TOO LAGGY. I don't mind lag when I'm using everything else but the camera, but I DO mind lag when attempting to take pictures with this camera (too much lag and you'll miss key moments). Sometimes it doesn't process I want to view the settings...It just sits idly by. Sometimes it doesn't process that I've attempted to zoom in or out. Again, it just sits idly by.-If your battery is at &lt;10% you can't even use the camera. I realize the battery is low and I don't care. I STILL WANT TO TAKE PICTURES! (Minor quibble I suppose)-I've yet to take video on this phone, so I can't really review that.About me:----------I tend to like Samsung products (I have a really nice TV of theirs and I've owned other products in the past) so I bought this because I knew it would be a good product. But, after using it for several months, I'm very disappointed with Samsung. I owned an iPhone but lost it recently so I switched to an Android because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. I'm not a fervent Apple fangirl at all (I'm not even a fan). But, I've never missed my iPhone more.

I've had this phone for 2 years and thought now would be a good time to review it. At first, this phone was awesome. It was fast, sleek, and built sturdily. The only complaint I have about the physical features on the phone is the lack of camera flash.The phone is built like a hockey puck. The back case is metal, and I've dropped it several times without a case and it's just fine.Now that I've crossed the 2 year mark, things have gone a bit downhill. There's definite lag when opening apps or even switching between pages of apps. Its' new habit is turning off randomly. It also runs pretty hot. The speaker likes to crap out randomly while streaming music, and the only way I can find to fix it is by going into my settings and previewing a ringtone. Since I use it as an alarm, this can be a bit of an inconvenience.Overall, it's been good to me. But, I am ready for an upgrade. I will, however, miss the sturdy feel of the phone.

I loved my new phone for 2 weeks and then the problems started. Camera would not work and the phone would freeze. I returned the phone under warranty and received a new one. This one worked ok for about 6 months. The new phone shuts off for no reason. I was out of warranty with Amazon so I contacted Samsung. They told me I was out of warranty because my invoice didn't match the IMEI number and they could do nothing for me unless I wanted to send them $65 for testing. I was a believer in Samsung products before this experience. Not anymore.

I have never regretted a phone so much until I bought this one.This phone is practically a paperweight.Two weeks in my sim card died for no reason. Then, the charger stopped working while my grandmother was in the hospital dying.Any application I install on this phone constantly force closes for no reason. Facebook, google maps, twitter, mail... They either force close or the whole screen goes dark and the phone stops working until I take the battery out.The GPS doesn't work, period. Anything that requires it to know your position fails. It takes forever to figure out where you are. Most of the time it never does.I can't even use it's PRIMARY FUNCTION, making phone calls, without waiting for the thing to unfreeze. It stills for over a minute frozen and then half the time won't make the call.It has been like this since I got it. I've put barely anything on it. I've tried everything to get it to work properly. The system is honestly just bad. It looks nice to people who pass by but stay away. Seriously.

Picked it up Monday. Most impressive. Very responsive and has a slick design. Very pocket-able.Let me tell you about my experience at the ATT store. This proves so well the love relation between Apple and ATT.I went to check out the phone in store before I bought it and guess what. The display Captivate was not working. They stuck it in a corner turned off with a broken power plug; it was like on purpose. While the Apple stand was bright and shiny, with 3 impeccable phones and a big iPhone logo under a colorful projector.REALLY !!! Really ATT, this is how you sell phones on the first week of release? I'm SO glad I got rid of my 3G. I was sick entire of the ATT-Apple shenanigans.My impressions about the Captivate... 5 stars. But I'll still start with the cons (I'm a critic by nature)Cons:- no flash on back camera- the plastic on the back ( not the metal cover) feels too cheap. I would prefer a matte plastic.- they removed essential apps for me like FM Radio. And they put the ATT bloatware- touch buttons are hard to spot in the dark. I got to get used.- GPS takes a long time to lock. This is a fixable software issue.Pros:- Gorgeous screen - AMAZING !!!- Fast and responsive- Awesome design ( i just love that metal battery cover)- Replacement battery (costs like 30 $)- Android is generation ahead of iOS. You gotta try this.- Open Android Market.- Over the Air backup and OS Updates (hopefully ATT won't screw this).UPDATEOK. I'm gonna drop the rating to 4 stars until ATT/Samsung decides to fix the GPS lock issue.

This phone does not have a functioning GPS. Google Maps and other apps that rely on GPS do not function correctly, if at all. Samsung/at&t; released their promised fix finally but it didn't fix it. I now doubt that it is fixable. Search the forums and you will see that. If you don't want GPS, go ahead and buy it. But why when most smartphones on the market have a GPS?They said they would fix it so I waited past the 30 day period and now I'm stuck with it. As far as Android phones go, it's an otherwise good phone. But there are many Android phones out there with GPS that works.

I've switched from iphone 3GS to Samsung Captivate because I wanted to try android phone and see what all the hypes were about. I agree the display of this phone is simply awesome, thanks to AMOLED technology, and apps available on adroid market are great. I also liked how I could customize the phone in so many different ways.However, I decided to go back to my iphone after using Samsung Captivate for almost a month because it had such horrible battery life. I am not a heavy-duty user but the battery wouldn't even last a day! I don't want to constantly worry about my phone dying on me in the middle of the day. Seriously. If you decide to get this phone, make sure you get a car charger because you will definitely need it.

I love the phone but AT&T; screws it up so much that I just want to smash it to the wall. The example is AT&T; prevents it from installing Amazon AppStore, so, basically, we can't not get any of the free or purchased apps from Amazon. They put up a website promising to work with Amazon on the AppStore. It has been weeks already, what's available? NOTHING & NOTHING. It's just a lie, delay tactic by AT&T.; Did I even mention the signal is really, really suck? Drop calls all the time. Funny thing is, at my house, I got 2 bars but can't make or receive calls. 3G? I'm paying for it but, to get any data, I have to use my own wifi. Calling tech support, they are just as clueless as a plumber trying to repair computer. 2+ weeks and many hours on the phone with them, I still can not use the phone at my house...If you're in the market for a new Android phone, save your soul, go with other models in the Galaxy S family from another provider.

I've had the Captivate (or "Galaxy S") for a month now, and the whole time I've been bursting at the seams to review it...but first I had to take a little bit of time to separate what's great about the Captivate that's specific to the phone, versus what's great about a Droid-based smart phone in particular.First off, the Android OS is really very enjoyable.  The top-level screen can have 5 pages of whatever you like and the Applications page neatly organizes installed apps separately, to page through them as well.  If you're not familiar with this concept, think of the top-level screen as being similar to the Windows or Mac Desktop and the Applications area as being similar to the Start Menu/Launch Bar of your favorite computer OS.The best thing about the Captivate is the hardware:  the screen really takes up almost all of the phone's face, and it's vivid, colorful, and bright.  The battery cover is a slick one-two slide that makes it easy to access without being the first thing to fall off if you drop the phone.  The 1GHz processor inside the phone makes apps speedy, and I even find it to be fairly nimble about data use, easily grabbing onto my favorite Wi-Fi networks when I'm in range, then switching seamlessly over to AT&T;'s data network when I'm not.Then we have the good things about the Captivate:  calls are clear, I've had strong and clean reception even when I notice a drop in bars, and on those rare occasions I step into a dead zone, it seems to try its very best to hang on to the call...I can't explain it in technical detail, it's just the gut impression I get when I've driven or walked through areas that typically give me trouble on any phone and against all odds I stay connected (my office, for instance, is up against a cliff wall that closes further in near the top of the building).  One complaint about this phone (and many smart phones) has been battery drain, but I find it manageable:  if I choose to use the Power Toolbar (built-in and easy to add) and Advanced Task Killer app (a separate download, and a must for any smart phone owner), I can go 2 or 3 days on a single charge.  Usually it's easier to top it off at the end of the day or leave it plugged in when I'm not going to be using it for a while.  While the Captivate seems very wide, it is also very slim and thus surprisingly light.  I added the carbon-fiber hard case to the outside and it still weighs noticeably less than an iPhone 4.Using the Captivate is fairly simple:  the connector port for the charger or a data cable are one and the same:  a "micro" USB connector with a tiny sliding door to keep dirt out.  I much prefer this to the plastic peel-away tab that usually comes off in your hand if you're not careful.  The charger that comes with the phone also pops apart into a data cable, allowing you to detach the AC outlet prongs and connect to the computer.  And last, the navigation buttons are just four touch-sensitive spots along the base of the screen, with a slide rocker on the left side of the phone (for volume) and an unlock button on the right.  I've heard people say it's hard to pinch a button on one side without accidentally hitting the other (such as turning down the volume when you go to unlock the phone), but I haven't had this problem.More on the OS:  using Android 2.1 (soon to be FROYO), I find myself discovering neat little features that I enjoy.  For example, some of the wallpapers are interactive with the touch screen.  When I'm playing music, if I need to pause, I don't have to unlock the phone:  a tiny CD logo appears in the top with controls for pause/next/back.  The "Swype" feature of the OS is extremely responsive.  I didn't have to adjust any of this - the sensitivity really seems balanced between "must mash to get a response" and "breathed on it and accidentally deleted something".  Unlocking the phone requires a tap of the button and a swipe along the touch screen.  Even the tilt--a feature that began to annoy me in my Nokia phone--seems to both be quick to respond and easy to correct if you didn't mean to rotate the screen.Much as I enjoy this phone, all is not perfect.  The buttons sometimes don't respond properly.  There are times I have to tap twice, and there are times I try to hit 'back' and accidentally hit 'search' instead.  I'm not sure how much of that is in the programming, the hardware, or my thick thumbs.  The Search window is extremely handy, but it doesn't always frame the search properly.  For example, I might be in an app that has a long list of items on the screen, and search will zoom down the list straight to the item I'm looking for...and then in another app the search might launch a web browser and search the Internet for what I typed in.  I haven't really learned a good way to scroll down a long screen:  often I have to just flick downwards again and again until I get where I'm going.  And probably the most annoying feature is the actual call interface.  I haven't taken that final step to voice-activate my favorite call list, so when I manually drill into my contacts or favorites to find someone to call, it seems to require more steps than it should to place a call:  find the contact, tap their picture, tap the "phone" icon, if they have two numbers associated with them you have to specify which, and then you get to tap "call".The biggest drawback--and controversy--surrounding this phone though has to do with apps.  I've been very happy with my selection from the Android Market thus far, but I understand AT&T; prevents you from "side loading" other programs.  Apparently if you want something the market doesn't have to offer, you need to download an SDK (a developer's kit for programming mobile apps), "root" your phone, and follow some very specific steps to get it to work...some of which may brick the phone.  That's not bothered me here or there, but what has bothered me is my complete inability to remove all the AT&T; garbage that's been loaded on the phone.  For example, I like the Android Music Player app, but I really don't want the AT&T; Music app that promises to guzzle data and stream all my music (and requires me to pay a monthly fee).  There are Navigation apps that function this same way:  now that I have Google Navigation, I'd rather yank the AT&T; stuff off...but I can't.  I can either ignore it...or go the "root and try not to brick" route.  I've been an AT&T; customer for almost 10 years now, and what I always liked most about them was my freedom of choice.There have been some complaints about the fact that the Captivate's camera lacks a flash.  It is a shame that this feature is missing, but apart from that I have to say that the pictures I have taken with the phone have been excellent, better than the first digital camera I purchased years ago and definitely better than the last phone I had, which did have a flash.  The interface for the phone is dirt-simple, and can even lock in standby mode, in case you want to tuck it away for a bit, but be ready to shoot with a tap of the unlock button.  The Gallery app in the Android OS does a snappy job of both organizing my groups of pictures and in making it easy to flip through:  clean thumbnails tell me at a glance which collection of pictures I'm looking at so I can select the group I want to view.If you're in the market for a smart phone and you'd like to try the Droid OS, I can't say enough about the Captivate.  It's got a brilliant screen, speedy hardware, and runs the OS quite smoothly.  If you're an AT&T; customer, you should be prepared to ignore (or deal with) the pre-loaded apps.  Either way, this is quite an excellent smart phone, whose benefits far outweigh its drawbacks.USEFUL TIP:  when connecting to a computer, it's not immediately obvious how to make it work, and a lot of people are having problems.  When you connect the cable, the "Smart Phone (Kies)" option doesn't appear to work.  Instead, you have to choose "USB (mass storage)"...which then still doesn't make the phone's files and folders show up in Windows--in Windows 7 it will just tell you a Samsung Captivate has been connected to the computer, but you can't "see" it.  You have to take one extra step:  from the main screen, access the pull-down menu.  You will see "USB Connected" in the list of notifications.  Tap that, and you'll get a prompt to "Mount" the phone.  The moment you do this, everything works:  the phone maps two drives (one for the phone's memory, one for your memory card) and you can access files and folders just as you do on a USB "thumb" drive.

I have owned this phone for a few months now.  It is my first smartphone and I've enjoyed many of the cool features:  high resolution screen, mp3 and video player, cool apps on the Android market, syncing with Google email and contacts.However, the major drawback or shall I say the MAJOR PROBLEM with this phone is that it SHUTS OFF automatically several times throughout the day. You have to click on the power button and wait several minutes before it's operational.  It's frustrating and very annoying.  If you want a reliable smart phone, don't buy this product.UPDATE (4/1/11):  The Android Market offers a free app called "Captivate Keep Alive."  It prevents the phone from automatically shutting off.  An excellent solution to the problem noted above.  I love my phone now!

I've been a very pleased iPhone 3G user for nearly two years. But I was due a new phone and after doing a ton of research, I decided to try the world of Android and get the Samsung Captivate. I was really impressed by the iPhone 4, but I liked the bright and brilliant screen of the Captivate and I thought it would be fun learning something new, which also got great reviews. I new that by choosing the Captivate I would be getting slightly inferior screen resolution, no front camera or flash, and a camera that is not nearly as good as that found on the iPhone 4. But the screen won me over.Last night I picked up my brand new Captivate and was really excited about trying it out. I did express my concerns about the many reports I had read about its poor quality GPS and I was told that I could return the phone if the GPS was not working properly. A store employee told me that I needed to download the newest version of Google Maps to insure that the GPS would work to its best capacity. He did the download, but it was my "impression" at the store, that the download may not have worked correctly. My intuition turned out to be correct.So I took the Captivate home and tried out the new GPS. Alas, it did not work at all. I made some adjustments recommended at several Captivate forums and still no luck. I moved to other locations and still no reading. I then started downloading several very well known apps like Amazon Kindle and the NY Times and I noticed that after waiting one hour for the apps to show up on my phone, that none of the downloads were working correctly. When I clicked on "market", I was informed that the downloads were just starting.I decided to return the phone to the store. Even though the store is located in a very heavily trafficked area, even there the GPS could not ascertain a location. Also the store employees agreed that the downloads were not functioning properly. In my view, they acted like they had seen these problems with the Captivate before, but I can't say for sure.Anyway, I exchanged it for an iPhone 4 which works perfectly right out of the box. I probably got a lemon, but given my problems, I would have some serious concerns about the build quality of the Captivate.

IPHONE WHAT...THE CAPTIVATE WILL DEFINITELY DO THAT TO YOU. I LOVE THE PHONE. IT HAS INCREDIBLE APPS BEAUTIFUL AMOLED SCREEN. THE ONE DOWN FALL AND THIS IS PRETTY MUCH UNIVERSAL WITH THIS PHONE AND ANY SMART PHONE IS BATTERY LIFE. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECCOMEND THIS PHONE.

If you're looking for a capable and versatile smartphone, then you absolutely must consider the Captivate.  I think most of the other reviewers have covered the basics of how the Captivate compares to the iPhone (and beats it), so let me mention a few features that you might not know about.1. The phone supports syncing with Exchange out of the box.  Not only does it sync e-mail, but it also handles contacts and calendar.  I use it for my work e-mail, and it performs flawlessly.  Needless to say, you can also connect via POP3 and IMAP.2. VPN access is also available for those who need to connect to their corporate networks.3. The basic browser is quite capable, but if you want something else, then you can choose Dolphin Browser, Opera Mini, or Skyfire, to name a few.4. Although MS Office documents and PDF's aren't supported out of the box, Quickoffice for Captivate and Adobe Reader are free downloads.5. Google Navigate offers free voice-guided, turn-by-turn GPS navigation.  No need to pay AT&T; for their service.6. Wi-fi access is silky smooth.  To enable it, pull down the notification drawer at the top of the screen and touch the wi-fi button.  Wi-fi will turn on, and if you have never connected to an available network, a list of what's available will appear.  Choose the network you want, enter any required login information, and click Connect.  That's it, and, from then on, the phone will automatically connect to that network if it's available.7. I want to mention a little-known app called Google Shopper.  Install it, and you'll be able to shop for books and CD's by simply starting the app and pointing the camera at them.  The app scans the cover or barcode and shows you prices from online and local merchants.  Much faster than having to manually look up titles while you're standing in a bookstore aisle.  College students wondering how badly the campus bookstore is ripping them off on textbooks compared to other sellers will appreciate this app.8. And I can't forget to mention the Captivate's voice recognition capabilities.  You can search by voice, and, if you switch the default keyboard from Swype to standard Android, you can use voice dictation for almost anything that you can type.  And while it does make mistakes, they don't happen often.9. Google Voice is available for the Captivate, something Apple will probably never allow on the iPhone.  Need separate phone numbers for work and personal use?  Then Google Voice is what you're looking for.9. And finally, if you need or want Push-to-Talk similar to the service that Nextel offers, well, there are several free apps for that.  They will only connect you to other Android users running the same app, but, for a business needing to have this functionality and interested in getting several Android phones, then such a solution is worth looking at.  The apps are still a little rough around the edges, but give them a little time to mature.My point here is that, although this is one beautiful phone, it's also extremely good at handling business tasks.  Yes, it handles Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter beautifully, but it will also keep you in touch with colleagues and clients as well, if not better than, any other smartphone out there.

After close to three months of research, I finally decided on the Captivate.  I measured the pros and the cons and decided that the positives far outweighed the negs. Being that this was my first touch screen, I was apprehensive about how it would respond to my large hands and I'm very pleased with it.  Yes, unlike Iphone 4G, it doesn't have a flash, but the test photos and video I took when I played around with it were amazing for a five megapixel camera. Most people complained about the battery time and other odds and ends and my solution was to read the manual. Not the quick start pamphlet that came with it, but the 100 plus page one online that was available for download.  After about a half-hour, I was able to customize it to my needs and found enough free apps from the droid mmarket to help me along the way. This was also my first online purchase and I'm pleased with the ease of Amazon to get me started. I received an email with a UPS tracking number and even though I was slated to receive it on Friday, it showed up at my doorstep a day early. I will use Amazon again for my online shopping needs. Update: It has been over a week and I'm constantly playing with the phone. I've downloaded many apps, including a locator and an anti-virus. The GPS is spot on. I loaded Google maps and took a walk, the cursor followed my every step for over the three mile trail. I installed a task manager to keep me abreast of what apps were draining the battery and it helps greatly. I've never had it power down on me, but the screen will lock after a few minutes on the phone, to conserver power. A quick touch of the power button and the display is up again or if I get another call. Once again, I suggest that people download the .pdf manual from the Samsung website and take time to read it. The five megapixel camera is standard, but has enough options if one chooses to experiment.  It allows you to adjust the exposure manually or pick one the preset options such as nighttime, indoors, landscape, and action. I have the data plan, but barely scratched the surface of it because of my wifi connections at home and other locations. I didn't think texting would be as easy on a touchscreen but I was wrong. Not only is texting fast, but their is a program in the phone that learns your movements and can guess your words in advance. No more ur, rly, or prbly allowed in my messages. For the price, it was more than a bargain. A downright steal.

I really want to like this phone. The screen is gorgeous. The form factor is great. I like having the lock button on the side of the phone. It's all great, except for the software. For one, we're still stuck on Android 2.1 because Samsung can't get its act together. It's really embarrassing for a company that's banking hugely on these Android phones to have a development team so incompetent that they can't deliver a 2.2 update for 8 months! Leave that be, the phone is still laggy and occasionally slow. The snappy Hummingbird processor is great within applications. However, Samsung again has put in some very poor backend software (their HFS file system) that causes lock up in input/output. Basically, your phone will freeze for some seconds. It happens often enough that it's a real problem. there is also one final problem. It's a hardware thing. The battery is horrendous. It can barely stand a full-day of light use. I haven't seen other Android smartphones have a battery soooo bad. I would highly recommend getting the Seidio Innocell battery to boost the capacity if you intent to get this phone.

I think it is a very nice phone I have had it for 4 days so far. The first day I had it it was very frustrating and almost returned the phone. I am not a person who reads instructions but messing with it to figure it out instead. After the first day when I had most of the phone figured out I is when I started liking the phone. The one thing I am having trouble with is that the wallpaper keeps changeing back to the factory default wallpaper. But this is my first smart phone and my first Android and over all I am liking it.

This is my first smart phone, however my fiance has an iPhone 3G so I do have a basis for comparisonI use the following products for my outer case and screen protector (see my other review)Silicone Case:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003Z741PKScreen Protector:  Realook (highly recommended)I've loved every second I've had with this phone, and have very, very few things I wish were differentAND, EXCITING NEWS - Android 2.2 was finally released for this phone yesterday!  Upgrade using your 'Samsung Kies' now!The good:-  AMOLED Screen - bright and vibrant, and huge!-  Slim & Light - phone just feels like the right size, and it fits well in most pockets (I always throw mine in my old navy painter's jeans)-  Up to 48 GB storage (16 internal, plus 32 external MicroSD)-  Android 2.2 (Finally!)-  Antenna/Reception is GREAT - none of this iPhone crap-  Call volume and clarity is outstanding as well - on par with every Samsung phone I've had before-  Speaker phone (phone speaker in general) has lots of volumeThe needs improvement:-  Video and snapshot camera bad in low light (no flash/LED)-  Email sync with IMAP server (in my case gmail) doesn't always sync properly (actions don't take)-  You can't use the  video or music player if you have a low battery warning (unless you get a separate app)-  Battery Life - with VERY conservative use, I get 2 full days, and towards the end, it goes REALLY fast.-  Sometimes, the phone almost seems frozen for no reason and the touch screen doesn't work right.  It passes fairly quickly-  GPS sync - takes too long to get a fix, and doesn't lock it in well at all.  This makes turn by turn Nav almost useless.-  Can't delete AT&T; bloatwareOther Notes:-  Unfortunately, this phone is almost obsolete since its dual core cousins will be released soon-  3G hotspot, one of the touted features of this phone (with android 2.2), costs a boatload!  AT&T; only has one plan where you can use it, and its the 4 GB enterprise with tethering plan - $60!!!  Don't get your hopes up that you can simply use your existing data plan for this (Like I did)-  Randomly, this phone attaches a picture to the album art of songs that don't have album art, and the only way to get rid of it is to delete the audio file.  This isn't a huge deal, sort of a pain.Bottom Line:As much as I love this phone, I couldn't give it 5 Stars because of the battery life, the fact that it took ATT MONTHS to get Android 2.2 onto this phone, and the how long I fought with the GPS.  I've had my eye open for an extended life battery, but there doesn't seem to be an acceptable replacement yet.  Email issue is no huge deal for me, because I can get by with just the gmail app, and this phone almost being obsolete is just the nature of the beast these days - having dual cores would be nice - it would probably make everything a little faster, but its not a deal breaker - this phone is more than capable and had the fastest CPU on the market the day it was released.This is the 3rd Samsung phone i've owned - the A310, the AGH 737, and now this.  Once upon a time I switched to a sony ericcson, and regretted it for the entire year I waited to be eligible for an upgrade - I will only buy Samsung phones from now on, and this is the flagship.  Buy and enjoy!  You can get it for free right now!************UPDATE AFTER ANDROID 2.2 USE *********************- GPS syncs much faster, although it still needs improvement.  If you're outside (or in a car) not moving then it syncs up quick.  If you're driving, then it still struggles.  I used cruise control on a straight highway and it couldn't sync up 'tight-  Now, I can use the  video or audio player right up until the battery dies which is great - I prefer to be the master of my own battery life destiny-  Battery life is marginally improved - 2.2 has some efficiency enhancements (although we're only talking minutes here)Bottom line - I love the update but it still not a 5 Star, particularly with 4G phones and dual core tegra2 chips in the pipe.  If you're in the market, either wait for them, OR, wait until they are released and get this phone for a steal!

I've had this phone for over 7 months now and I really like it. I used to have an iPhone and I prefer the customization that Android allows you. I do miss how polished the iOS software was. The iPhone generally just works and is easy to configure. Android apps occasionally crash like software on a computer might. My email crashes from time to time and Facebook crashes sometimes when I turn the phone on, but works after that. The phone is incredibly thin and light but solid feeling. The screen looks awesome and is very responsive to touch. The battery is also better than other Android devices compared with friends' phones. Bloatware from AT&T; is not too bad. Sync with Google and Facebook is great, sync with MS Exchange is not great, but works.No complaints about the user interface, however I am disappointed that Captivate has still not been upgraded to Android 2.2, which they said was supposed to be released in late September 2010, then end of the year, then beginning of 2011, and it still isn't here. My one other complaint is the GPS, which is practically unusable. They have known about this since it was released, released a patch that did not work, and still have not fixed it. I have read that it depends on the individual device how well the GPS works, but I have a feeling that anyone who thinks it works is really seeing their location through cell phone triangulation, which works ok. I now don't bother to try using the GPS.If not for no upgrade to 2.2 and the problem with GPS I would give this phone 5 stars, but until those problems are resolved it stays at 4.

This is my first smart phone.  I love its potential and I love the swype keyboard, but the phone does not perform as I expected. I cannot update to Froyo 2.2 because I have a Mac, and no access to a PC.  Reception is bad in my small rural town.  That is partly AT&T, but other phones pick up a signal when the Captivate will not.  Battery time is very short! The vibrate function has quit working, and it's out of warranty.  When my contract time is up I'm likely to quit AT&T, and will NOT get a Samsung.

I'll keep the review short and to the point: This was my first android phone, I was very excited to have received it on my birthday, and having been a fan of previous samsung phones, I assumed it would be a smooth transition into this one. I was very wrong. While the look, features, and display of this phone are sleek and praiseworthy, I have to say that I have never been let down more when it came to actual functionality. The Swype texting is genius, and I found that this was perhaps the buying point for me. Soon after, however, I was plagued by a number of different problems, one after another, that would prevent me from using the phone to the extend it should have been used. Horrible lag time, freezing, dropped calls, bad phone quality in good-reception, and crashing are just a few of the problems that I encountered when trying to use this. This phone could not hold a call to save its own life, and while most of the apps work fine, sometimes the phone will just refuse to open and play some of them. Frustrating and unnecessary. I managed to overlook this a bit because I typically send SMS messages for contacting, and fortunately, there are some spots in my house where the call will come through and sound fine. Texting worked fine, until just today when I discovered that the phone will only send text messages I send, not receive them. This is unacceptable. For the price of this phone, I would expect to have at least the most basic of features working.. I am now left with basically a wifi-enabled game device.. which would be neat, if I didn't already have an ipod. As mentioned before, I have had great experiences with past samsung phones, particularly the samsung propel which I am wishing I had kept at this point.. I never expected to face this many issues with an android device, but if this is how they all perform, then I'm going to ditch the captivate, stay away from android, and substitute perks for functionality.

Pro:ScreenCustomizationSpeedCons:Batteryno Flashno Front facing cameraBest phone I have ever had.

This is truly the best phone that I have ever had.  Best android...I have had this phone for over a year and have had no problems at all.  I would recomend this phone for anybody that is planning on upgrading or switching over to at&t

This is a very nice piece of hardware, but unfortunately, it's loaded with AT&T and Samsung crapware and has a buggy power system that randomly shuts off the phone (you can download the "Captivate Keep Alive" app from Google market to fix this). The touchscreen keyboard is difficult to use, and often doesn't respond properly. Overall, the software is buggy and unstable, and due to the closed (yes, I know Google marketing claims it's "open", but let's be honest with ourselves ...) nature of Android, there is nothing that you can do to fix this, short of downloading a rootkit and hoping you don't trash your phone. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

I am writing this to save anyone from making a huge mistake.  I've had this phone for over 1.5 yrs and have gotten so mad at it that I've thrown it across the room.  I've had to replace it... It stalls A LOT!  When you need it to unlock fast it takes forever, it will stall while playing music, surfing the internet, doing more than one thing at a time on it is impossible.  For example, if you want to talk on phone and look something up on internet it doesn't work.  It will also randomly stop receiving text messages and you won't know until someone calls you because you didn't respond to their text.  I've called AT&T several times, took it down to one of their stores and they don't know why it does it.  Customer service basically told me to get a new phone.  This phone is a complete piece of s#@*!  I hate it so much!!!!  Please get something different, a can with string is better then this piece of s#@*!

Absolutly the best phone I found out there on the market.  I am an x-IPhone 3G owner, was gonna go with the IP4, however, with all the problems to be worked out of it I actually decided to "look around"  That was a hard decision for a true apple fan like myself, but to be honest i was getting a little sick of the "closed" world forced on apple users.  Well I can tell you the captivate is an excellent phone.  I have read some of the reviews that had problems with the GPS locking in, troubles with the media player, and compatability issues.  I have had none of these problems.  From out of the box this phone has performed as expected/advertised.  The feel is supurb in the hand. It works great for my needs and I am more than satisfied with it.  I find myself not missing the IPhone as I thought I would.  Actually, its nice to download an audiobook right from Windows media player directly to my phone.  I can drop movies directly verses going through Itunes...yea, I won't miss that too much.  You can feel perfectly at ease with buying this phone.  I believe it will exceed all your needs.

This phone will not connect to a Windows 7 64 bit pc for Kies update, USB mass storage, or media player. Therefore it's pretty useless to me, unfortunately I'm stuck with it. I'd love to be posting a solution to this problem here for others to google, but I've been at it for a couple of months now to no avail and have given up.I suppose it is ok as a phone, but will look elsewhere for an Android development platform.USB Device Not RecognizedUnknown DeviceSamsung Captivate

The goods: The processor, memory and storage capacity are more capable than my first three PCs put together !! The OS is snappy and quite polished, menu's are responsive and Android 2.1 is quite stable, haven't had too many applications crash (Browser and Jewels a couple of times, uptime of 250+hrs). Samsung's look&feel; and customization are quite intuitive and functional. Not much bloatware from AT&T; and more fundamentally all of Google's apps are still available (as opposed to Verizon), i.e. Maps, Location and Navigation are all functional and available. All of AT&T;'s items can be moved off the various desktops/panels and you are free to customize the content as you desire. Swype works well, has a bit of a learning curve and has some quirks so I won't put it in the greats category just yet, may change in a couple of weeks of usage though. The screen unlock is quite cool, and definitely a step up from earlier Palm and Sony-Ericsson phones which my &lt;1yr old cracked in no time. The included video player and music player are decent, no hiccups or stutters on video or audio-sync to date. The browser is quite reasonable, menus and organization could be done a lot better but you can always get Opera Mobile from the Marketplace. Amazon's Kindle and shopping app are decent, would have very much preferred a better app integration for Kindle.  It uses the native browser so everytime a purchase is completed, you are back to the home page to start off again.The greats: Integration with Gmail (Labels work !!), Gtalk and GCal is really good. Android Marketplace needed a separate account setup and didn't take the setting from the Gmail app for some reason, but that's a minor issue. Pandora works well, haven't had a crash. Multitasking is really functional and you can actually be on a call and browse the web as the AT&T; commercial used to claim. Buttons are located reasonably and you can actually turn the phone off in addition to Flight mode. Call quality is quite decent in my calling area, no evidence of "grip of death" to date. Speakerphone is functional, I may have seen a drop off in volume with time but that's probably just from settings changes. The screen is quite awesome and the real-estate is used quite well. Google Listen app works really well with Podcasts unless you have to go through iTunes in which case you are on your own. One definite reason for not going iPhone was the whole iTunes/Quicktime bloatware and I would say I have had no reason to consider iPhone to date. Sync and Wifi (WPA2 and 802.11x) work well, I did have to purchase a 99c app for configuring Enterprise security (Wifi Config Pro), well worth it :-). Amazon's 1c price for the phone definitely was truly great!! Video capture quality and playback are getting rave reviews from everybody who's seen it to date. Google voice-search is really neat, hopefully it learns with time and can be integrated into the Swype keyboard before too long (It's there on a Droid X !!!)The bads: Battery life is marginal at best, and I've adjusted all brightness settings to minimum, disabled live wallpaper, keep the screen locked with a timeout of 30s, shutoff Wifi when screen times out, Bluetooth and GPS are off etc. so everything apart from figuring out how to get "Speedstep" running on this thing. I need Sync to be enabled, given the purpose of the phone. When browsing, battery really sucks, I've had full charge go to 10% in less than 2 hours everytime. I would doubt the claims on 7hour talk time, but I haven't tested that out just yet (limited minutes). Youtube app sucks, might be more to do with Youtube bandwidth though, but to date experience has been pathetic at best. Samsung's included charger is equally pathetic, comparing a similar capacity battery (~1500mAh) and charger from Palm, Sony-Ericsson, Motorala and RIM all of which charge much faster. I'm looking for a better battery and I've bought additional charger and USB cables. BTW the phone end is a Micro-B USB, not the typical Mini more commonly found on RIM/Palm etc.TBD: Haven't evaluated USB to PC connectivity, Bluetooth was slowwwww and you have to go in each folder and enable visibility for items you wish to transfer to a PC. Video (~13MB) transfer took 4+mins. Overall, BT doesn't appear to be a viable option for media transfer apart from pics every once in a while.Learnings: When in doubt, long press!! Apps shortcuts can be added to a panel by just long pressing on an empty location, and again long pressing the app of interest. Home key long press shows the equivalent of Alt-Tab. I haven't had a need for any Task Manager/Killer utility but then again I don't install too much crapware. gStrings and WifiAnalyzer are cool apps and RealCalc is the equivalent of XP Powertoy calculator. Definitely would suggest having the settings shortcut on the main 4 panel dock. If you use MAC based access control on your Wifi, the phone's MAC address can be found in the About Phone->Status section of Settings. One gripe, there's no Flash LED, surprising given brethren of GalaxyS appear to all have quite capable versions.Overall, a really strong mobile platform by itself and doesn't need to be compared or contrasted against an iPhone. If you are a Google Enterprise customer, then the choice is quite obvious. Hopefully Froyo improves the experience and if I can find a better battery then I would have no gripes for the remaining 2 years on my AT&T; contract. Speaking of which, AT&T; really needs to work on Customer service, Customer website and definitely 3G coverage. As an example, all of AT&T;'s music etc. apps won't work with Wifi, WT*. If I had the choice of price and phone from any other carrier (definitely Epic4G would be a great choice) I would have taken it. I still might do so given my AT&T; experience. Also, one caveat, there was a mention quite a few places in the review/comments that the contract termination for this phone was $175, NOT TRUE, it's $325 with $10 off for every month on the contract. So, AT&T; and battery are the reasons for not giving a five-star rating.

I have had cell phones since the bag phone. This phone has cause me more problems than any I have had! My last phone before this was a Samsung Rugby and for conversation quality it beat this hands down!This phone is so garbled during a conversation you have to keep asking the other party to repeat so you can understand  what they want or what they are saying.I downloaded a software upgrade from AT&T; and now I have no email connection. I thought software upgrades were suppose to help not cause problems?The power button on the side is a headache too every time I go to get it out of my holster it either turns off or on.I have missed calls because of grabbing it out of the holster and hit the side button and shut the phone off.I now have a case with AT&T; to try and resolve the garble problems,but to no avail yet.This is by far the worst cellphone I have ever had(including the bag phone)The screen and camera are very good, but I wanted a phone for communication,I have cameras and computers for the internet!!!I now have an iphone 4 and what a differents. I have better reception,no shutdowns or worry about it turning on without my turning it on. The camera is just as good as the Captivate and has flash. Just flat works better in all connections that I use.

I had an iphone 3g and didn't like having to go through itunes for everything. I wanted to be on the open platform...so I switched to Android. Well..there are some good things about this phone. Namely that you're seamlessly linked into Google services. However, after having this phone for a few months now, I have to say that I miss my iphone. The reason for this is that the keys on this phone are sticky..something that surprised me given that this is supposedly the fastest processor (hummingbird) that you can buy right now and on the quadrant score, it was off the charts. Secondly, the gps is rarely accurate and kindof slow. I am in Manhattan a lot of the time and used to rely on my iphone's gps functionality quite a bit. No more with this phone...so I miss that. Third, when I'm typing into it, the interface just isn't as accurate. I used to be able to type into the iphone really fast and then when I looked up at what came out, it was almost always accurate. On this phone, not so. I always have to go back and change word spellings and stuff. I've tried all sorts of input methods and nothing has worked quite as well as my trusty old iphone did. Fourth, the camera is good but clunky. its slow to load up and take a picture and I really have to focus on the thing and make sure I"m pushing the right buttons and orienting it the right way. With the iphone, it was dead easy. I just pulled it out of my pocket, went to the camera, and snapped away in no time. On the upside, I do like the widgets. The iphone never gave me the ability to have a page with useful widgets like weather, mint.com, and the news. This is a great feature that I really like about it. There are some minor annoyances here and there that have kindof added up and over a few months of having it, have begun to frustrate me. I get a lot of texts and with the iphone, I could see the text on the screen without having to open the phone or do anything except look at it. WIth this phone, it tells me that I got a text and I don't know from whom or what it was. I have to move this silly puzzle piece to open the phone and then it loads up the conversation. This kind of thing sounds like such a minor issue but I have to tell you that over a few months, it has really made me start missing my iphone. Unfortunately, I'm not up for renewal with AT&T; for another 2 years so I'm going to have to hope that they change a lot of things about the software on this phone in the meantime, but that has yet to happen. I just miss the overall ease of use and simplicity of my iphone...and while I enjoy some of the high tech features on this thing, I'd rather have a simple, easy to use device that seamlessly integrates into my fast-paced lifestyle.Here's a list of my issues with the phone:- sticky keys when typing- doesn't recognize words correctly (often but not always)- clunky interface; lags a lot, even with Ryanza's lagfix- GPS rarely works; even with the GPS update- camera is poorly designed and clunky- texts are sometimes not sent..I have to "resend" often. There is no auto-resend on failure like the iphone- the background screen always scrolls when I move from one screen to the next but I wish there was an option to hold it still- the touch interface (touchwiz I think) is just plain clunky in comparison to the iphone- After having an iphone 3g for 2 years and this for 4 months, I can honestly say that this feels just plain clunky clunky clunky. However, towards the end of its life, my iphone had a lot of the clunky issues too (sticky keys, etc.) but something about it was just ...don't quite know how to put my finger on it...but it just felt better somehow.Things I like about it:- Jailbreak and tether or turn it into a hotspot (yay)- voice entry is pretty awesome. I can speak into it and its usually accurate.- The ability to have a widgets page- Can change the battery and add a microsd card (but I haven't figured out how to expand my music capacity yet even though I put a 8GB card into the thing)- open platform is the future (once they work through all these human interface kinks).

My first phone ever was the AT&T; Blackberry Curve (the one with the annoying ball). I swore by it as the must have for people more concerned with business needs. Recently I used my upgrade for my birthday and wanted to go all out and try the Samsung Captivate. I'm a big fan of Android so it only made sense that I finally purchased one.Amazing:1. The phone itself is sleek, modern and very edgy looking like most androids.2. Display on this phone is amazing and the large screen saves the strain on the eyes.3. Customization4. Android Market Place keeps this phone from ever getting boring and has tons of free and useful apps5. It keeps up with my add and is able to run so many apps at once.Irritating:1. Can't delete apps that come on the phone2. Even if you have 2 bars txt msgs are not always sent (having to resend up to 3x)3. Battery Life isn't the greatest. Captivate keeps running multiple programs without you personally opening them so it drains the battery faster.Note:1. I suggest following the tutorials or really listening to your salesman due to the fact phone might be too complicated.2. ASAP download from the market an APP killer, there are multiple ones. It'll save your battery.Overall I give this phone four stars. It's great fun and can keep up with all my business needs. When they fix the text msg bug I'll give it five.

I would love this phone if not for the following. I got this phone a week after it was released. The first issue I had was that the phone would not pull an updated from the AT&T; Server. I would hit update phone and would get the error message "Unable to connect to the AT&T; Server", I would then try again and would get the message please try again in 24hrs!!!!!! (this is forced by AT&T;, you only get one shot per 24 hour period to update your phone!) Anyway I took the phone back to the AT&T; store and was told that the reason I was getting that error was because there are not updates at this time. I said ok sounds reasonable. However a day or two later my buddy at work got the same phone, and when he tried to perform an update he would get the message "no updates available at this time"! So that is really when my nightmare started. I have been on multiple phone calls with AT&T; and Samsung to try and fix this one issue none of which has resulted in anything other than frustration. Finally I got AT&T; to send me a warranty phone (refurbished I might add!!!!) and pulled it out of the box put my sim in and turned it on, tried to perform the update and....... You got it same problem!!!The next issue is that the phones GPS doesn't work, I won't go into this as this is well documented on here.Another issue is that the phone will shut itself off randomly. It can be anything from 10 mins to 3 -4 days. This sucks as I use the phone as an alarm clock for work, also my 10 year old daughter has type one diabetes and needs to contact me at times regarding carb ratios, low blood sugar, and insulin shots, it is critical that I have a phone that works! How can I trust a phone that shuts itself off whenever it feels like it? I called AT&T; warranty on this issue as well, you won't believe what the rep told me..... Well it's a phone sir if you want an alarm clock go and buy one!!!!!!! I was a little upset by that comment.Pretty much all of my issues have occurred after the 30 day return period. I have researched all of these issues online and have found that they are all common to this phone. Samsung and AT&T; are ignoring all of these issues and seem to be turning their backs on their customers. I know that I am just one person and others love the phone, however I would suggest researching the following on google before you purchase, if you feel comfortable after you research then have a nut:Samsung Captivate Random ShutdownSamsung Captivate GPS IssueSamsung captivate unable to connect to at&t; serverI so wanted to love this phone and honestly if it were not for the above issues it would be a wonderful phone. I walk away from this purchase feeling cheated, ignored and ready to leave AT&T; as soon as my contract ends. Bottom line, BUYER BEWARE!

This is my first smartphone ever. In fact, the three days I have had this phone is the longest I have ever been in contact with a smartphone. Before purchasing, I drowned myself in research on the Captivate, visited website after website, read review after review until I finally took the plunge. I will admit I not intelligent or experienced enough on these phones to give an informative, tech-savvy review. But I will do is tell everyone what I have experienced with this phone these past few days in regards to some of the issues I've read about. Some of the major gripes about this phone in my journey through reviews regarded "GPS issues", battery-life, and call quality. On battery-life, since my first charge upon receiving the phone, I've charged the phone only twice. This leads me to believe charging this phone every other day will be the norm - not bad IMO considering some Captivate owners complain about charging twice a day with minimal use. I do about 1-2 web browsing hours and 15-20 minute calls per day. On GPS, upon my first try at navigation it successfully pinpointed my location and lead me to my destination. None of the stalling, freezing, mislocation or anything else I've read about with using GPS. On calls, I have noticed the slight muffle of the voices on the other end at times, but this is far from a deal breaker. Call quality is decent. I have no major gripes of my own with this phone - not even with the bottom keys lighting up at random times, like I've also read about. Perhaps everyone's Captivate is different, but my short time with it has been a blast. captivated.

When it works, it works OK.A bit slow with an annoying amount of lag. The big problem is with lock ups. Happened twice today. I seldom go more than a week without a problem.The GPS works well. But the latest version is full of bugs. AT&T; must know about this because you can opt out of the update.Audio playback over bluetooth has some annoying pauses.Audible.com audio playback is also a but buggy with occasional lock ups. And it will sometimes lose my book marks. Very annoying.Voice dialing is very poor. Just about useless.Oddly, voice recognition is pretty good. I use it for texting and email.Hopefully the latest version III is more reliable. (The two is several years old). Still, I'm going to wait for the iphone.Oh... yes... it works very well as a phone.

I got this phone about a year ago from AT&T; with my new plan. Immediately the phone had technical issues, and had to be replaced. The replacement phone did the exact same thing and was also replaced. The third phone has been working great ever since.I absolutely love the screen for it's clarity and brilliance. The Android system is very easy to use and works with just about any software. I do have some problems connecting it to my PC every now and then, it just doesn't show up.Battery life is pretty good. If I use it just calling people and texting, the battery will last all day long. I charge it every night. If I use a lot of battery intensive apps on the brightest setting, the battery will last about 4-5 hours (not bad). Sound quality is decent, camera is nice with lots of good settings.All in all I really like my phone, and I'm more inclined to buy Samsung products in the future. 4 out of 5 stars due to the technical issues with the bad batch of phones.

Just like any other At&t; user I had the option of the iPhone 4 or the Samsung captivate. For me it was a no brainer, I get an android device that is as good if not better than the alternative. Highly recommend this phone.I should however point out that the gps takes its time to start. I have heard that a patch will be coming out soon.p.s. The display is amazing-- 6 Month update - 12/2/10By now its confirmed the device has the following issues which Samsung most probably will never fix.1. GPS is broken - absolutely not reliable at all.2. The device shuts down randomly3. After sales support is horrible4. After a while the phone is super slowAll the above are known issues and most probably hardware related. You can research more on XDA forums. I installed a custom rom and now the phone is a lot faster. The other issues still not solveds.Would I buy it again - Definitely not. My first Samsung device and most probably the last.

This phone is just great. it Got here exactly on time and in BRAND NEW condition. i love it. i am coming from a iphone 3g i am completly blown away! this is a great phone and you cant beat amazon's price with a stick! just get it!

I bought a Blackberry Torch last November on Amazon and did not like it at all simply because it had way too many freezing problems.  I did my research and found the Captivate suited my needs.Pros:The screen is a good size and I really like the deep blacks.Call quality is exceptional and I haven't dropped any calls.Battery life was really good...until I updated to 2.2Camera takes good picturesSpeaker volume is really good and also on speakerphoneI love the customization that the phone comes with such as wallpapers and widgets.The Android market further expanded customization.WiFi works really well especially since my Blackberry always had problems connecting to WiFiMy favorite feature is swype and I was really picky in getting a phone with either a keyboard or swype.E-mail setup was very easy.Cons:There is some occasional screen lagThe speakerphone is on the back of the phone which muffles the sound when it's on a table and found this annoying when I wanted to listen to music without headphones.The volume rocker buttons are very sensitive and I kept hitting them until I got a case which remedied the problem.GPS only worked for me once.No camera flashI found the TouchWiz user interface outdated in appearance in comparison to HTC's Sense.Syncing music is very difficult and I bought a five dollar app for it to sync and it doesn't even work most of the time.Battery life isn't good since I upgraded to Froyo 2.2I am satisfied with my phone and hope Samsung makes improvements in their next Galaxy Series Phones.  I am however, looking to upgrade next year and keeping an open mind to other brands and platforms.

I have had this phone for about a week now and I am having to send it in for an exchange.  The phone has awesome features, but like many other people, I am experiencing problems with the phone shutting itself off.  Any time the phone goes into sleep mode, it automatically powers itself off.  I have downloaded an app that helps keep the phone on, but I believe it also wears on the battery, because I can only go for about a day before having to recharge...even with minimal use.All of this being said, I am exchanging for the same model, because I have friends that are not experiencing these issues.

I bought this in December, and this is the third phone I've had since.  The first time the screen crashed, and now, the speakerphone has died.  Again.  Two times I've had to replace it because of the speakerphone.  The screen takes on a life of its own when you try to get it out of sleep mode.  Sometimes it sticks altogether.  This is a worthless attempt at a smart phone by Samsung.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!  Wish I had never bought it!

Was in the market for a new smartphone and stumbled upon this little beauty on CNET just one day before it was released.  I had one year left on my AT&T; contract and after seriously considering the Motorola Droid X on Verizon I ended up buying the Captivate instead (paying full retail price), and I honestly couldn't be happier with my decision.  I'll try to condense this as much as possible since I have so much to praise about this phone so I'll start by listing some of its shortcomings.First of all, this phone has a lot of design flaws that could have easily been corrected but instead needlessly hamper the user experience.  This is a very common and frustrating trend in consumer electronics and is also the same reason why companies like Apple have been so successful since they know how to keep their products simple and useable.  Things like having the headphone jack on the top of the phone (incredibly annoying when you're listening to music and have to flip the phone around every time you pull it out of your pocket) or, conversely, placing the power/lock key on the side of the phone when every other phone on the planet either has it at the top or on the front.  The worst offenders by far, however, are the four touch-sensitive shortcut keys that Samsung insists on using for all their products.  Why on earth would you use touch keys over physical keys when physical keys are more visible, more tactile, more responsive, and arguably look better too (touch keys in my opinion look tacky and uncomfortable to use).  I can't tell you how much time I spend fumbling for the back and home keys either because the backlight only feels like staying on for .6 seconds, or because they don't always respond the first ten times I tap them.  Touch keys are stupid and I hope manufacturers stop using them unless they provide some specific benefit or need.  Lastly, the camera is pretty mediocre (my 2-year-old Sony Ericsson k850i crushes this in terms of picture quality) and the screen is also just the slightest bit lacking in the resolution department.Having said all that, this phone does many, many things incredibly well.  The super AMOLED screen has a real wow factor that's particularly evident once you fire up some videos or start browsing the web.  Browsing itself is a joy thanks to the roomy four-inch screen and screaming fast Hummingbird processor that makes everything just fly.  The Samsung TouchWiz interface is very solid I have no complaints and the Swype text-input feature that comes preloaded is amazingly fast and accurate.  I'm very surprised it doesn't get more attention given how intuitive it is.  And Android, what can I say, it's completely blown away all my expectations.  The level of customization is unreal and makes the iPhone OS look like Windows 7 Starter.All in all, I'm in love with this phone even with all it's design quirks.  It's nice that AT&T; finally gets not just a worthy Android phone but a supremely capable one at that.  If you're interested in a new smartphone and aren't totally enamored by Apple, I encourage you to take a long, hard look at the Samsung Captivate.  It truly is a sight to behold.

Last month I renewed my cell phone contract and decided to go for a phone upgrade. I did lot of homework before I made up my mind about the smart phone. Some of the things I considered, before I made my final decision include appeal, size of the screen, resolution of camera, both still and video. Because I did not want to switch the carrier, I could not go for HTC Avia. Among the Android phones my carrier had to offer, my first choice was Samsung Captivate.  What I like the most about Samsung Captivate is its overall appearance, 4 inch screen, sleek design, image and video quality it has to offer and the power cable. The amazing thing about the power cable is that it can also be used as USB cable to hook up the phone to PC for image and data transfer.

My first Captivate was in the batch Samsung recalled for the power-off-after-a-full-charge issue.  The second one has been great.  I'm very disappointed in how long it takes AT&T to certify and release updates for devices (Gingerbread took another 6 months after Samsung OK'd it) but we have Gingerbread now (and that's as far as it will go on stock ROMs).  I'm happy with the speed, the capabilities, the photo and video quality, and the speed (although multi-core CPUs are now taking over and are faster).  My battery life is greatly improved since Froyo - I can make it to the end of the day with 30-40% battery remaining with normal/light usage while it used to be about dead by then with Froyo.  Still a good phone if you don't want to pay $100-$200 up front.

Two words Fantastic Phone, does everything you can imagine and more, it's like carrying a PC in your pocket, great design, vivid color display, great features through an through.Extremely easy to operate, and has an enormous amount of useful aps you can download, just make sure you use your WIFI when downloading.

Good news, IPhone is not alone in the game now(on AT&T;), but having used both phones I believe there is reason why Iphone is market leader... let me come straight to pros/cons for potential buyers.Good:* Gorgeous display and its 4 inch large one. excellent for gaming and video* Crisp call quality (Its a phone after all and its shame thanks to IPhone that this is classified as positive).* 7 home screens are very useful (I use each for different purpose 1 for kids apps, 1 for all communication apps  etc.. you get the point, i think its very useful customization.I have not used other Android device before so not sure how much UI magic is that of Samsung TouchWiz or native Android OS.* camera is good not great though* phone is quite fast and responsive, haven't experienced noticeable lag so far.* overall very intuitive user interface, top bar notification panel is useful.* Google apps integration is inbuilt which is huge plus.* Navigation app is excellent given GPS signals can be locked.Bad:- Battery hog. I could not get it through a day without recharge, of course it will depend on your usage but I am NOT a heavy user.- GPS sucks. will not lock for few minutes, once locked, goes on and off during navigation, also not very accurate (> 10 meters) when locked. I have tried few things including this([...]) to no avail. I am not sure if its software or hardware issue. I hope its software issue and Samsung will release fix soon.- Browser font support is poor, out of luck if you are like me who also browse web sites in other languages.overall browser doesn't stand out in competition.overall this is a great phone but not without issues. I am not listing here all Android pluses which it has over Iphone. I decided I can live with these bads and not returning it. I will update this review if anything changes.

great phone...the only gripe I have is that it takes 3 hours to charge, but other wise it is a really good phone, and very esy to use and the reception is by far one of the best on any at&t phone, sround my area at&t phones don't work in the Target, but this one does...great job at&t and Samsung

Great phone, slim and the display is great 4 in., bigger than the Iphone.  Very fast processor and with a 16 g SD card probably faster.  Android market has soo many free apps it's ridiculous.  Great display nice and bright, you can notice it outside on brightest setting.  Call quality is pretty good, loud speaker with even better sound with the ear-buds on.  Love the Swipe keyboard!  Once you get the hang of Swipe you won't go back to regular texting.  Wifi enabled so i don't have to use all of data use from my plan.Only negatives is no flash on camera, home buttons at the bottom of Samsung logo are a little hard to press at times, only get one day of use out of the battery better install Task Killer and invest in car charger.Overall great phone, big screen display but very thin makes it comfortable in your hand or pocket.  Android 2.2 upgrade is coming which will make the phone even more responsive and fast.Powerful hummingbird processor.Google voice recognition.Light weight yet solid build.

Awesome displaySleek designScreen sizeare the plus points with this device.However, its serious flaw is lack of exchange server support. I am clueless as to why exchange server support is a big deal given Apple is able to do it seamlessly with iphones.If you want to use outlook (especially for corporate users) you will have to buy Touchdown by Nitrodesk at $19.99.Even though, it competes well with iphone in most categories it fails miserably in outlook setup (I understand it's an Android issue nevertheless ...)

If having an unlocked phone is important, or if you are not comfortable struggling with flaky software, then the Captivate may not be the best phone for you.I bought a pair of Captivate phones three weeks ago to replace a pair of aging Palm Treo 650ies.  We need unlocked phones for overseas travel.  After being assured during several conversations by both Amazon-wireless and AT&T; sales and support staff that AT&T; would unlock the phone for me, a long-time customer, I bought the Captivates.  Once the new phones were set up with my contacts, etc., not a trivial exercise, I called AT&T; to request the unlock codes.  Guess what?  They won't unlock them.  Amazon-wireless now says that I was misinformed and AT&T; now says that they have an agreement with Samsung under which they will not unlock this phone.  Had I know this beforehand, I would not have bought this phone.My software gripes are irritating but not deal breakers.  The most annoying problem so far is that it was very difficult to get the phone to synchronize with MS Outlook.  There is an application called "Kies" that syncs the phone with Outlook.  It can be downloaded for free from the Samsung support site.  But after it consistently trashed my Outlook contacts and calendar files, I gave up on it.  Fortunately, I found another synchronizing application (gsincit) that, although not free, did work.  I was spoiled by my old Palm Treos that would sync everything by pressing a button on the charging stand.  In comparison, the Captivate's synchronization approach is a step back into the technological Stone Age.In other respects the Captivate is a fine phone.  Screen legibility and voice quality are excellent.  The user interface is nicely configurable, however, it is also frequently not intuitive, and the learning curve is pretty steep.There is much to like about the Samsung Captivate, but there are some significant minuses.  There are still a few days left before Amazon-Wireless's 30 day return period expires.  I may or may not keep the phone.Samsung Captivate Android Phone (AT&T;)

Ok, the phone all in all is pretty amazing. Fast, beautiful screen, nice app selection, touch screen typing (my first) seemed fine.But my first two inbound calls faded in and out. I live about 40 Miles NW of Boston, near the service fringe, but not in it. According to AT&T; Service Map, I live in a "Good" but not "Great" area.My last two phones Nokia E62 and Blackberry Bold rarely had a problem.. When I was experiencing the fade outs, I was conscious of moving my hand position around, to see if that was a factor...it wasn't.The Signal Strength on the Captivate read 2 bars. On the Nokia E62, 4 bars, my BB Bold died a year ago from Salt Water.First and foremost, I need a solid Phone, one that I don't need to stand out on the deck in the middle of winter to avoid reception fade outs.So after two days of playing with my new cool Captivate, I sent it back on its way to Amazon.  I am going to try the BB Torch. I am hoping that like my Honda Ridgeline, what it lacks in flash, it will make up for in solid reliable performance.Amazon Wireless was a breeze to work with on this. I put the Captivate in the mail today and the Torch is on its way.

I bought this phone about a week ago and completely fell in love with it. It stood up there with the iphone4, until I started to have problems. It would restart on its own SEVERAL times a day in mid-text or mid-conversation. It would lag and shut down the programs it was running. With the apps always running in the background too, the battery wouldn't last AT ALL. I had unplugged the phone for night since it said that it was fully charged (it peeps at you) and then in the morning it barely had an battery life left over. I had to download an app killer so it would kill all the apps running in the background. In the end I took it back to At&t for a full refund and was told that they were going to do a recall because of the battery life and that every phone that was bought from them has been returned due to issues.
