
The phone did not meet my expectation and I have to return it. I purchased the phone to be able to use it in Honduras and it does not work with the companies over here. Blackberry from Verizon is just not compatible with international phone companies.

I seem to be experiencing some problems with the product. I seem to be experiencing some problem with the product in that sometimes it just goes off air. I however still has to check other things but the current indications are that it is going to give me a lot of problems.

great product, great service, no complaints.Read the reviews before i purchased and the ratings for the vendors, the only reason im not giving 5 stars is because there is always room for improvement

the phone has more problems than one can imagine.... I paid for a NEW phone but it came to me obviously used, with a dead battery and NO accessories. To crown it all, the so-called new phone has software problems and I have tried to have return it but to no avail.

muy contento con la compra, el tel&eacute;fono llego en excelente condiciones, las funciones muy buenas. funciona muy bien en Venezuela. liberado para todas las operadoras. en general muy buen tel&eacute;fono. gracias.

It was faulty and because I am in the Caribbean it was to expensive to return I think the product should be checked be fore it is sent out as your company ship all over the world. So now I paid for a phone that does not work.

INSATISFACCI&Oacute;N TOTAL EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN MALAS CONDICIONES CASI INSERVIBLE, LA ANTENA RECEPTORA DEFECTUOSA UNO DE LOS CIRCUITOS DA&Ntilde;ADO, LA CAMARA DE 3.2 M.P. INSERVIBLE, PR&Aacute;CTICAMENTE ME SIENTO ESTAFADO CON EL TEL&Eacute;FONO QUE RECIBI, LA SITUACI&Oacute;N ME OBLIGA A MOSTRAR MI DECEPCI&Oacute;N Y NO RECOMENDAR LA ADQUISICI&Oacute;N DE ESTE TIPO DE EQUIPOS USADOS VENDIDOS CON LA CONDICI&Oacute;N MINT VERY GOOD.

I want to buy it but the cel (bb curve 9360) must be at&t. Must works  in band 2 for 3g band's , please confirm that. Thanks

Hmmmm...what can I say about this product.  I bought this in and around November of 2009 and still use it today (May 2012).  I have dropped it several times, had it splashed with water and it still works as though it was the first day of purchase. The only issue I had with it is that upon initially purchasing it, it had a sprint sim card in it and was not fully unlocked because it had a number already assigned to it.  I bought it to use internationally so I was initially concerned.  Upon using it internationally, I found it to work well with some minor glitches.  The trackball had to be changed out at most once a year starting 2011 which is to be expected with time.  I would recommend this product to someone that doesn't mind using a trackball and wants a sleek looking blackberry for cheaper.  Overall, I am a satisfied customer.  It came on time, and other than the pre-assigned number, it came as advertised.  Highly durable and looks great even with time.

This was one of the best phones i have bought thru Amazon and trust me when i say a good Quality phone and just like they promised a phone thst is unlocked and ready to be used! I have bought 5 phone so far from Amazon and I have always had trouble with them either they were not unblocked like they said it was! Excellent phone, and the phone come from a great Distributer! Thank you

Buenos d&iacute;as, me dirijo a ustedes la oportunidad que el equipo llego con la bater&iacute;a da&ntilde;ada Teniendo que que comprar otra que no estaba en mi presupuesto sin mas a que hacer referencia me suscribo de ustedes.

I recently purchased this phone for my daughter and we have been having a lot of issues with it. The phone constantly overheats and shuts down within an hour after being turned on.

hi buddy im going to buy the phone but i need it at&t not t-mobile thank you plz answer me

Fast Shipping.Perfect Quality.Seller replied to question.Recommend this seller to everyone!

The Pink Blackberry 4G Curve is a n excellent Valentine's day gift.Blackberry 9360 Curve BALLET PINK Factory Unlocked GSM HSPA OEM

Good product for cost

i love the product , the size  but had i know or pay attention to the features i would not buy this ,,wifi is the key , and no wifi means nothing to me .

El telefono no viene desbloqueado,  the Phone is'nt Unlocked, i went width my phone service provider and they told me that the phone has'nt unlocked,  i have to pay extra for unlock it.

I am really happy, works excellent everything in this phone are ok, and my brother  is happy with this item.

I got this phone for my son. It is simple and easy to use. The reception of the phone is good.

The telephone was not unlocked. Since I needed I had to pay $25.00 to unlock it. If Known I wouldnt by it.

I join with the other cusdtomers in saying that the Blackberry Tour 9630 is so far from what I had envisioned.  I ordered an unlocked phone from the distributor in December and up to this I moment I have not been able to activate the data service on the phone as there is  no brower available. This is totally unacceptable and I am very dissappointed.

bueno el primero que me llego tubo un problema pero me comunique con ellos y me resolvieron cambiando el equipo. y este funciona muy bien

I am on my 3rd blackberry upgrade (phone). It will be my last. Out of the box - it works. Start adding programs - it starts to freeze. The hourglass never leaves. I have done a clean install and the problem reappears. RIM does not understand more RAM is required in the year 2010. 246 mb is a joke. I purchased a program called memory boost for $6.99 that did not help. I am waiting for the iphone to make it to sprint so I can change phones. If you have RIM stock - dump it.

I ordered one of these from WorldWide Distributors off of this link and it was the worst experience I ever had. Before the phone was sent, I asked to have a T-Mobile model sent to me. Instead, I received a Regional Africa model with not one T-Mobile feature built in it. My 3G data didn't work at all, and I didn't even have Wi-Fi calling available. I had to use my Wi-Fi in order to be able to access the BlackBerry App World, Facebook, The Weather Channel and everything else that I used because the data didn't work; a major hassle. Customer service for WorldWide Distributors was terrible as well. I had to have Amazon intervene because they gave me a hard time. The phone was really good though other than everything else not working. On minimal usage, the battery lasted me a little more than a day (pretty good for its small 1,000 mAh battery life) and it was a pretty quick phone with the processor power it had, except for when the BBAW was doing updates on apps that I had. Texting and sending pictures was easy and the camera isn't that bad of quality being 5MP without Auto-Focus. Overall, good buy on a good phone, but from a bad company. Make sure it's the right phone before you actually have it sent out so you don't go through what I went through.

This was my first smartphone, so I didn't know how good it was until I traded it in on a droid.  I do enjoy the slide-out keyboard on the droid, but that's about all.  I though I wanted something different because the Blackberry trac ball occasionally slipped (or my finger did), and I didn't get the thing I had selected.  Little did I know how unresponsive and inaccurate a touch screen can be.  The Blackberry actually comes with a fairly complete user's guide as opposed to the 4 or 5 page booklet that comes with the droid and tells you almost nothing.  You have to keep punching things until you figure out how to do something.  The Blackberry menus are great.  They almost always take you right to what you want to do.  I certainly hope Blacberry is still around when my contract on the droid is up

Hello, I'm from Venezuela, and I wonder, what is the difference between the T-MOBILE AT & T or four bands. I am interested in buying a BB this week and want to help me choose the model that best suits Digitel 3G

El producto lo recib&iacute; en muy buenas condiciones y me parece muy bueno.se recominda el articulo Blackberry Tour 9630 Unlocked GSM CDMA Cell Phone (Black)

Well just like other customers, I was very skeptical in purchasing a cell phone off of the internet, especially a refurbished one.APPEARANCE:GOOD- New condition, no scratches, good packaging.BAD- Bite marks on the charger.FEATURES:This phone was definitely used since it had messages and the active phone number of the previous user was still there.(NOTE- up to this date i cant change it)At times i'm unable to make phone calls (this lasts for about an hour only)Other features are pretty much decent and usable.DELIVERY- I paid for 2nd day shipping and it took an extra 2 weeks to arrive.OVERALL SATISFACTION- This phone is very usable, addictive and has a very classy look. Despite the few downsides i listed, I guess i could recommend it but be very careful.Hope my review helped.In the coming months i shall update my review and let you all know if its still working in optimum condition still.

I am extremely glad I bought this phone and happy I bought it from Blueteka USA. It came on time, as described and although refurbished it is working perfectly. I also purchased it unlocked and am now using it in the UK with no problems whatsoever. Prior to purchasing the phone I was hesitant for a variety of reasons namely its refurbished nature and the fact that if I had any problems my rights to redress were severely limited as was not (and still am not) a US resident. These fears are all unfounded, I love the phone! I did a lot of research before I bought it and it had a lot of great reviews, the only problem was/ is the lack of wifi. Well although wifi is useful I've not really had much occasion to use it as I find my network providers internet easier. Well if there's only one thing you get from this review, please let it be that this phone is an awesome buy!Just an update: As of today, september 11 2012.The phone lasted for a good 2 years, lots of dropping, water etc but it still soldiered on. It finally quit on me July 2012. So guys I would still recommend this phone. I was able to use it in the UK and Nigeria by the way.

I was expecting English & Spanich but I guess I have to figuete out it's ok  but I need bilingual

I really advice all to make sure the company you are going to give your money to, will be a good reliable one. My fiancee who is currently deployed to Iraq sent me a Blackberry tour 9630 as a gift. I was excited until the phone I recieved was the wrong carrier. I am with Sprint they sent a Verizon phone. Customer service rep ANITA when I contacted them let me know she would email a ups label. It has been a week I am still waiting for the email! I knew better sent the phone out to them over night. Today I recieved the correct Sprint Blackberry. To my surprise when I go to activate is they can't do it because the phone was reported LOST or STOLEN!!!!! I was irrate I called World Wide while at the store, all John could do is give me his email so I could email him!!! I called customer service aka Anita, I was upset so yes I raised my voice, and so did she!!! Can you imagine, your fiancee half a world away sends a present and not a cheap one, everything goes wrong, then you are yelled back from the people who are supposed to be serving you! Anita then proceeded to hang up on me. I called back and told her the money needed to be refunded immediately, she said once we recieve the phone we will refund the money. I know that's how things work, but they didnt wait till we had the phone to draw the funds from the account. This whole ordeal was extremely upsetting! The worse part of it all, is the helpless feeling my fiancee had, not being able to just get up and grab the phone to make it better. Please be careful who you purchase from, I would hate for anyone else to go thru this aggrevation!

TLF BLOQUEADO NO ESTA LIBERADO Y NO TIENE INTENTOS MEPD PARA LIBERACION NO COMPRENNNNNNNNN ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, , ,, , ,, ,,

Just one thing, with 2 hours of having the cell phone and I threw it to the river, it's a verizon phone. >:(

si me lllego pero tengo un problema y es que no tiene internet no e podido conectar el ping que debo hacer con ese problema perdon que escriba en espanol pero no manejo muy bien el ingles mandar respuesta a jesusvelasquez564@hotmail.com gracias y disculpen

phone is not for the IMEI of the boxThe phone has the damaged screenplease send another cel new in good state

The phone they are selling is not as per picture. It is a Verizon phone and I think this is misleading how the advertise this phone.

This was a gift for someone who loves the Blackberry.  He was very happy and these old models are quite durable!

Good phone it worked well eve tho it had some scratches but the most important thing is that it worked

this blackberry tour 9630 ITS NOT Unlocked for use on ANY GSM carrier Worldwide, AS THE SELLER SAID IN THE ITEM DESCRIPTION...and didnt send me the cables and charger

the blackberry messenger does not work very disappointed (noble planet) spend my money for nothing /Thanks for nothing I hope they improve service

Nice looking verizon phone but only wished its UNLOCKED and worked with rival networks like ATT or T-Mobile as purported in the Ad.The pictured of the phone does not represent what was sent...Went through hell without success trying to activate it as the dealer told me its LOCKED!Highly frustrated and disappointed!

I bought this as a gift for a friend and she is enjoying it. I think it is a good product. It has all the required features. She loves it

The phone will work on Verizon - Sprint - Metro PCS.  The phone will not work on ATT or T-mobile.

withing a few months my Blackberry Tour 9630 got hanged. It is not working at all.Now what can i do? It is very bad. I purchased it from California and right now i m in India. So If you can do anything please help.ThanksMilindMilind_mane21@rediffmail.com

tremendo producto, funciona en Venezuela con 3G para movistar espero volver a comprar en esta tienda lo recomiendo altamente. gracias

El telefono llego justo como la publicaci&oacute;n se&ntilde;alaba, sin problemas. Excelente equipo 100% recomendado y a muy buen precio, El despacho y envi&oacute; fue r&aacute;pido y eficaz.

im from Venezuela and i purchase this smartphone, the phone are from T-MOBILE and is unlocked, im actually use with Movistar and im really happy with this product 100% Recommended

The blackberry tour is a very good phone. Everything about it is very solid and it works great.  Once you start using this phone you'll understand the blackberry phenomenon and become very attached to it.  This phone is basically glued to my right hand.

Battery was swollen. I had to buy a replacement. I didn't have the time to return for a placement. Received the packet on time as promised.

Buy two equal cellular ones and two different models came to me one of minor value, the box was opened when the recibi. I am not consent to my package,

Hi i want to know if this phone works with band 2 = 1900Mhz? am really interested in this product but i have to be sure about if it works with this ban

amigos de verdad q la compra q les hice a ustedes amazon.com Blackberry Tour 9630 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone (Black)by BlackBerry  fue perfecta pero cuando llego a mi casillero de trans expres se estravio mi paquete de la agencia de la misma empresa de envio y de verdad no pude gozar de mi compra!!!

the trouble is that no wife, brings the phone with all accessories, charger, case, cd of operation, hands free, I could connect locally

It's truly Great!  I need to get an adapter for International when I travel without computer.  Otherwise everything was complete, new and works very well.  Thanks RIM!!  I am also pleased that it is Canadian and has strong security built in.

This Cellphone is just Amazing. I all ready haved for almoust 2 months and recently I put on them the recent OS that RIM just launched. Fast, easy to move from one menu to other, amazing 5mp Camera and Flash.Lots of apps that are connected to BBM and posibility to use NFC System with others.If you have to buy a nice mobile phone, light, very thin and confortable, also very fast and with memory to allow apps, this is the phone for you.Selled by BLUTEKUSA brand new with selled box and all accesories, unlocked.

they lied to me that its was unlocked phone. But it wasn't at all. I couldn't use it even for my tmobile line. I was really upset since I bought as a gift to send oversees.

This was a flawless phone, but it does not work with straight talk service. If you plan on switching this phone to a different service then you need to make sure that it will work before buying.

NUY REPONTENCIADO FOR GOOD CONDITION THIS BEAUTY AND PRESENCE IN ME HAS WORKED WELL, AND OTHER IS ROBUST ENDURING BONE I HAVE NO USE PRODUCT COMPLAINT SO FAR

I recieved the product on time and it looked pretty good for a replacement phone, but looking good means nothing if it doesn;'t work. I have no BBM or BIS. I paid for the phone and I payed for BIS aswell as an unlimited talk, text and data plan and it is all up in flames now... Seriously though, I would love to set it on fire! NO GOOD!!!! DO NOT BUY! It keeps saying Activation Required and the seller included a little piece of paper with a code on it, but once you enter it it just says invalid pin.... Furthermore BlackBerry does not have tech support! Wonderful! Want my advice? Buy a Samsung.... From a different seller! Anyone who sells faulty products deserves to go out of business!

I havent been able to get more than 4 hours between fully charged and a dead phone. I dont make a lot of calls - mostly emails and text messaging (and a bit of camera use) - i had to buy a spare battery to carry with me just so I can get through my day at the office without having to recharge the phone. When I go out at night, i have constantly had the phone battery drain and turn the phone off on me. Very frustrating problem that I have never had with other Blackberry units.

[[ASIN:B005S0DB9Y Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked]GOOD AFTERNOON, GREETINGS. I HAVE A CONSULTATION TO YOU.WRITE YOU FROM CARACAS, VENEZUELA. I WILL PURCHASE OF A MODEL BLACKBERRY MOBILE PHONE 9360. IN ORDER TO USE THE SERVICES OF THE BANDS 3G MOBILE OPERATOR MY CALLS ME THE BANDS 1.2,5 and 6 ( PARA MOVILNET Y MOVISTAR). CONSULTATION IS AVAILABLE IF YOU HAVE FOR SALE PHONE MODEL WITH THOSE INDICATED THAT BAND DISCHARGED. THANK YOUR ANSWER AS SOON AS POSSIBLE TO PROCESS THE PURCHASE AND POSITIVELY IT TO QUALIFY.GREETINGS FROM VENEZUELA. THANKS.

nice phone, easy to use, works great but,it wont send pics with text or any other way.not designed to work with consumer cellular. bought a Samsung  galaxy instead.now sitting on the blackberry boo hoo.will not buy another phone on line but willbuy from amazon.

very good phone good features I love you recommend, very good applications especially bbm I am very happy to have bought

muy buena la oferta pero deberian especificar mas la informacion de los detalles del producto,,,, ya que vino con unos detalles. pero funciona perfecto. lo otro que actualicen el software con el idioma espa&ntilde;ol

when you choose an item from display on website you're excited then you receive your item, then reality hits you gets a item you never dreamed of buying and you have wasted a lot of time for nothing then nobody takes blame for your troubles you call customer service you have to give a reason why you are returning

[ will recomend it to my friends and relatives it is what i expected and nothing more the battery life is more than adquate.

Would not work with my carrier, Community Cellular so I had to return it for credit. Other than that the phone was OK.

Six months ago, the keyboard on my BlackBerry Curve 8330 died on me and I took that as a sign to upgrade. A couple of weeks later, I ended up with a brand-new BlackBerry Tour 9630 and it still keeps me happy 'till this day. Although it's no iPod or iPhone, it functions wonderfully as a media player for a working professional. Email, calendar, and contact sync with Google is flawless and when it's time for a break, Sprint TV (and Sprint's 3G network) delivers. Of course, there's a plethora of other useful apps for BlackBerries, but that's beyond the scope of this review.

I bought this NEW cel phone and I have used for only three weeks, I have spent a lot of money trying to fix it but it can be fix .... do not buy anything from this guys.

exelente compra ,exelente producto,exelente vendedor ,lo recomiendo ampliamente el envio fue rapido y llego a venezuela sin ningun problema gracias.

'M THE TRUTH Con:FIRST: THE BLACKBERRY CAMERA THAT IS NOT SERIOUS ARE CURRENTLY ALL phone has a cameraTWO: CASE BROUGHT NOTHIRD: NO USB CABLE BROUGHTNOT THE FIRST TIME I DO THIS TYPE OF PROCUREMENT AND WHY NOT CHANGE PROVIDER (PromoCell) which is fairly reliable at all, but I went with your score.NEVER TO.LA VERDAD ME SIENTO ESTAFADA:PRIMERO: LOS BLACKBERRY NO TIENEN CAMARA ESO ES GRAVE EN LA ACTUALIDAD TODOS LOS TELEFONOS TIENEN CAMARASEGUNDO: NO TRAJO ESTUCHETERCERO: NO TRAJO CABLE USBNO ES LA PRIMERA VEZ QUE YO HAGO ESTE TIPO DE COMPRAS Y NO SE POR QUE CAMBIE DE PROVEEDOR (PROMOCELL) QUE ES BASTANTE CONFIABLE EN TODO, PERO ME DEJE LLEVAR POR SU CALIFICACION.HASTA NUNCA

good morning to alert about buying phone celurares this store, buying two phones black berry and both left me bad, since the end of the cargo brought the battery when reconnect not receive the charge, I I left my phone number and my email to this company and have not  deigned to call me, this is a hoax ... eye does not allow it to continue cheating.,  phones do not have a week and I have to take the technician to repair to me ... I live in Venezuela ... I trust that these gentlemen  offer made ''me and I feel deseccionado ...EscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamenteValorar traducci&oacute;nBlackberry Tour 9630 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone (Black)

I only use this phone to get work emails.  It works great and the reception is good.On another note, this is a SPRINT phone.  I have Verizon and therefore unable to use it.  I called Verizon and said there is no way to transfer my info over on this phone, even though it is unlocked.  I just wish it would be stated in the description

i am happy with the purchase telepthone was like new really new no scraches and work perfect i am happy with it

This seller does not state what they are sending to you.I bought the phone two days ago and put in my sim card and it tells me to activate it has a Verizon logo on it and everything i called customer service on t-mobile and they tried to activate but it did not work then i called Verizon and they could not activate it also now all i can do is send it back and buy it from another seller.THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED ONLY WORKS FOR VERIZON CUSTOMERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hello, I'm from Venezuela, and I wonder, what is the difference between the T-MOBILE AT & T or four bands. I am interested in buying a BB this week and want to help me choose the model that best suits Movistarblackberry curve 9360 that this sale which is the real deal, and that band works because I'm from Venezuela, please respond.

As other reviewers say, this is not truly as pictured, as it is a Verizon phone. That said, it works pretty well -- with one major exception:  where I am (in Tanzania) the data portion is not unlocked. The handset will not enable data access at all. The cel phone company rep here (Airtel)told me they have had this problem with many Verizon BBerries, and despite their request, RIM has not come back with a solution for unlocking the phones for data.And now Amazon won't let me return it as the 30 days are up. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. This is the first time I am very unhappy with my Amazon purchase.

the phone is not unlocked as it says here, it is still saying activation required and a code is needed to fully unlock this....now I am going to have to spend more money to unlock this

I brought this for my nephew, who is living in Barbados, and he absolutely loves it! This is a good phone for him because he is young, the phone is inexpensive, and he can bbm without breaking the bank!

Excelente relaci&oacute;n precio - valor. La m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de las respuestas y env&iacute;o, Un buen servicio de venta hace al cliente sentir seguridad, confianza y satisfacci&oacute;n de compra, por eso lo recomiendo 100%.

llego bloqueado se me agotaron los 10 intentos y aquiiii lo tengo de adorno al lado de mi cama no deberian de venderlos asii

It's a unlock phone,but  it has a verizon logo,no earphone,and the box looks like an old one.i wil review in a few days again for its performance

The worst order I've ever had. It is locked to verizon and doesn't come with booklet on how to use it and looked very old and used

I received this item 30 days late and the package was destroyed. The inside boxes were damp and looked like they had been sitting on the wrong doorstep for weeks in a storm.

hi i am interested in this model of blackberry but when I specifically tell buying to be at & t because in my country Venezuela my operator works only with this one I indicate to you or you ask me or should I notify you using a mail?

supero mis expectativas esta en muy buen estadoRecomendado 100%, el vendedor es una persona muy responsableexelent,recomended &iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;

SINCE I BUY THIS 9630 BLACK BERRY I AM HAVING PROBLEM IT CANNOT STAY ON IF IT DO COME ON IT WILL LAST A FEW SECONDS THEN CUT OFF.I REALLY NEED TO SEND IT BACK FOR THE COMPANY NOW.

this seller is not meant to be trusted and someone you can't trust , you can do business with him and if you can't it technically mean that he is either a liar or a thief. i bought 3 of this phone and all were scracthed omg a junk. i don't know if he thought that i needed the phone for material but i will not and not recommend anyone to do business with this crappy...

The relation I boast value of the product consider her to be excellent because of it it is a very good purchase

I just recently ordered this phone as a replacement for a Tour 9630 I've been using for a couple of years.  I was reluctant to order it based on the mixed reviews.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it is NEW, and has Verison embossed on the cover.  I love the Blackberry brand and have been using them since they were introduced to the market.  I am sure I will be pleased with my purchase.UPDATE 03-23......Ok so here's the skinny; some may already be aware of this and others may not.  The phone is unlocked, however it's still not as simple as just throwing in your old sim card.  You need to have your carrier send you a FREE download to make the phone campatable with their specific network.  You will NOT be able to use the email function or internet before doing so, unless you get lucky enough to purchase a phone that was originally set up for your carrier.  For instance; the phone I purchased was a NEW Verizon Blackberry.  I have T-mobile so the Verizon phone would not link up.  It was no big deal really.  The whole process only took about 20 minutes.  I just thought I would share this information before somebody sent a tirade review about how crappy the phone is and how they couldn't get it to work...............

I ordered this thinking it was a BB Tour, it turned out the seller had a BB Bold 9650.  The big difference between the 2 is that the Bold can upgrade to OS 6 and i have been enjoying the phone ever since.  Phone came with some scratches but i know that by ordering a used products.  Got me an Otter box case and it covered all the scratches.  For 130, i have a nice BB 9650, which is already cheap.  I have the phone for about 3 weeks and everything works great.  Thanks Mr College Book for giving me a sweet deal.

These phones are a scam. Do not I repeat DO NOT buy any of these from Amazon. They all come unlocked but there is an "Activation Required" that is actually a second tier of an unlock that is required. The second gimic is that these phones come with service from ALLTEL a company no one has heard of so it is not possible to "activate" these phones. I am overseas and didn't discover this little problem until I spent money on a contract and attempted to open up service. Cheap phones are cheap and will wind up costing a fortune. This is a complete scam SCAM. Do not purchase any Amazon phone product it is not a legitimate source for communication devices.

It was use it and I buy it that it was new and it was not i take it to a localization to check and everything it was use it

totally dissapointed in this product it is refurbished not new it totally different from the pictures not one of my favourite purchase

They really should make this clear and it's not written plainly on the phone.It's a Verizon unlocked!!!It seems to work OK though.

this phone was horrible!! it's wasnt unlocked like the claim said, and then when I send it to get it unlocked I find out it was a stolen phone!!!

I freakin' love this phone! My best friend told me that Blackberrys were terrible but she had a Curve, not a Tour. The only issue is that when I downloaded BB World, my phone started to freeze up. So, I decided to delete it and then my phone was good as new! I've had two other touchscreen smartphones and by far this is the most durable. I wouldn't give this phone up for anything.

Good morning, thanks for inviting me to leave a comment, but I can not give my opinion of Balck Berry, because the phone has not come yet the company which had to take him to the locker not realistic in the estimated time.As soon as I get make my comment.Greetings

El producto llego en el tiempo esperado pero no con las condiciones esperadas, el producto no se si es usado y yo lo compre como nuevo, debido a que vino con el auricular malo, tengo que comunicarme por el altavoz, el cargador es generico y no genera carga al celular, no trajo los dem&aacute;s accesorios como cable usb, manos libres etc. de verdad estoy descontenta con esta compra!!!!

Good afternoon, in principle I think it must be noted that considerable time has elapsed from the time of purchase, but has been recently discontinuance of search technicians who could help me solve my problem. I live in Venezuela and I use this product continuously to purchase various items, but this time I am writing to let them know my displeasure. The Blackberry Tour 9630 is offered as unlocked, when I received unsuccessfully try to put a sim from any of the existing operators, as the phone was receiving no signal. Thinking could be a software problem I went to various technical services c until recently I was told the phone can not be unlocked because apparently was reported stolen and that is registered globally.  I must be something because the phone does not raise any signal just stays on "sos".It may be true or not what the technician tells me all I would like to know if you can verify that it could do in that case for me as it obviously would have made ''a mistake with me.These are the serial I can see on the label inside the phonepcb-21188-004 ck2710prd-21414-001 blacberry 9630 rcf71cwic:2503a - rcf70cw  /  fcc id:l6arcf70cw  / patents: [...]meid hex a000001c1362f4 pin 30df9ef6  s89  made in mexico 5meid dec: 268435458801270516pesn hex: 80d2d8d5In advance thank you very much for your attention in this regard

I dont like it . I am Sorry for I Can not to buy more cell phones to you. thx

Blackberry unit functioned beautifully. I charged it, set basic options then repackaged it for mailing. Big, bright screen. Ball and keyboard easy to operate. Absolutely love it.

Buenas tardes soy de Venezuela, estoy interesada en el Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked, y quiero saber si esta disponible en AT&T branded for MOVISTAR & MOVILNET, para que al comprarlo me lo envien con esas especificaciones. Muchas Gracias.

I like d phone it is in good condition but I don't know d phone is unlocked. That is my mistake anyway, am sending the phone oversea to get it unlocked there is high.

phone was not unlocked. the whole purpose of buying the phone was to use it in another country which made it imperative that the phone be unlocked. had to incur additional expense to get the phone unlocked. a real bummer!!!

The Blackberry Tour Unlocked phone thAT I purchased from Amazon is okay and i will recommend others to try it.

Hi I bought this phone last week and it has not even shipped yet!!! How long will I have to wait???

The ad does not clearly state that this phone has no possibility of connecting to the Internet.  It only works for phone calls and texting.  The phone also feels, maybe it isn't but definitely feels like a counterfeit phone. It came in a box that seems so cheapy made, I've purchased other Blackberry phones directly from Tmobile and other providers and have never seen this kind of packaging. I am not happy, but it is what it is, phone makes calls.

THE PHONE THAT I PURCHASED WAS A VERIZON PHONE AND MY CARRIER IS AT&T SO WHEN I TURNED ON THE PHONE THE VERIZON LOGO SHOWED UP AND KNEW THAT THIS PHONE WOULD NOT WORK WITH MY SIM CARD. IT IS A NICE PHONE CAUSE I LIKE THE BLACKBERRY BUT NOT THE RIGHT ONE.

Hello, I love this phone and want to buy one. But I wonder if these phones come Now, release and I'm going to use in another country.I hope your answers thanks.

i'm totally disappointed with the mobile.it is locked mobile not able to use with any other providers but they mentioned as unlocked mobile.

I absolutely adore this phone. I received my device in a timely manner, which was three days before the estimated arrival date.I bought mine refurbished which is practically new. No glitches so far but i guess thats the wonder of refurbished items...they've been repaired. I had one issue that the seller fixed right away the charger sent with my phone was incompatible. But they are sending me a new one free!!I was very pleased with the seller they answered all of my questions within the day I sent them. I will be ordering again from them again soon. CHIAO!!

O dont like it because it doesnt have wifi. I will have to sell it below the price I bought.

buen d&iacute;a  compre tres tel&eacute;fonos el cual uno vino con la pila mala que debo hacer,  en este caso que debo hacer

El modelo del equipo no funciona bien en Venezuela, por eso no pude utilizarlo con ninguna de las operadoras existente en mi pais.

This phone was not unlocked. My nephew needed to purchase unlock codes from a different website to be able to use the phone on our cell carrier.

The phone was very nice phone. Issue again it would let me send out messages but not receive. I tried everything but gave it. I wish it would have worked. Would have kept it in a minute.

All complete and good device, it has everything offered, the charge was good, the delivery was on time, but the equip doesnt support wifi, and doesnt work good our of US, doesnt support APBlackberry or doesnt allow to configure e-mail accounts

I love this blackberry tour 9630 it arrived on time in perfect condition . although it is a sprint phone it works well in the caribbean . it was already unlocked so i just insert my sim card and it was up and running.i love it and i would recommend any one to buy it.  by :A.M DIAS JAMAICA W.I

This phone is all it was advertised to be. It arrived quickly, with only minor, surface scratches, as was disclosed in the listing, so no bad surprises. Ot works fine in Nicaragua. I would buy another phone from this company.

PERDON POR LA DEMORA PERO E PASADO OCUPADO Y NO E PODIDO COMUNICARME, NI CLAIFICARLES PERO SON UNOS LADRONES ESTAFADORES ESE CELULAR QUE PEDI NO ERA NUEVO CLARO LE CAMBIARON LA CARCASA PARA QUE PARESCA NUEVO ESE CELULAR NI A LA SEMANA SE DA&Ntilde;O EL TECLADO LO LLEVE DONDE UN TECNICO DE LA BLACKBERRY Y ME INFORMO Y ME HIZO VER QUE ESE CELULAR NO ES NUEVO LAMENTABLEMENTE ME DI CUENTA DE SU REPUTACION DESPUES DE ADQUIRIR ESE CELULAR SON UN NICHO DE RATAS PONEN QUE ES NUEVO Y ESE CELULAR ES VIEJO HASTA LO MEJOR ROBADO... QUE SE CREEN QUE CON VENDER ESAS COSAS POR INTERNET VAN A GANAR DINERO FACIL ESTAFANDO A LA GENTE ESO NO SE VA A QUEDAR ASI ... SIEMPRE CUANDO LA GENTE HACE MALDADES SIEMPRE LA PAGAN Y FEO....

If you travel a lot to Europe, Africa do not waste your money on this phone. No support from networks

As other reviewers say, this is not truly as pictured, as it is a Verizon phone. That said, it works pretty well -- with one major exception: where I am (in Tanzania) the data portion is not unlocked. The handset will not enable data access at all. The cel phone company rep here (Airtel)told me they have had this problem with many Verizon BBerries, and despite their request, RIM has not come back with a solution for unlocking the phones for data.And now Amazon won't let me return it as the 30 days are up. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. This is the first time I am very unhappy with my Amazon purchase.

very  good good

This device will not work on all carriers as advertised. I tried it on two different carriers and was never able to fully activate it on either one. When I contacted the seller for a refund their representatives were belligerent and degrading to me and toward others (the carriers that I tried to use). I returned this item to the address that was provided to me by the seller and I have not yet received any refund at all. I have been ripped off by this seller. Please, beware of this seller! I am now going to report them to the B. B. B.

The Sprint phone would not work with the T-Mobile (Family plan) network.  it was a complete waste of time for phone and the shipper could not understand why it would not operate on the Family plan (T-Mobile) Network.

Wonderful, wife likes it just fine. She is very comfortable with it and is pleased with the way it works

buena marca lo recomiendo el modelo es como se muestra en la foto, esta en buen estado me llego perfecto

Take down this stupid picture,I bought one expecting to get what I saw in the pic.turns out it was nothing like what is displayed,far from it.

Blackberry Tour 9630 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone (Black)Good morning, I got the cell phone in excellent condition outside but I could use it in any of the operators that are in my country Venezuela, according to show me the motherboard is defective in manufacture as well as the signal amplifier. Frankly I am disappointed with the purchase of this cell phone and wanted a solution to this problem.

I received the product in disrepair the four are scratched around the battery place, none of them brought the USB cable

The screen of this phone went completely white within a month of my purchasing it.  This is the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon

I am a decade-long Sprint Premier customer paying $120/mo (with tax) for unlimited service. Blackberry Tour is a TERRIBLE phone. I'm on the third piece of Tour hardware, after 2 Blackberry Curves that worked somewhat better. But Motorola phones worked MUCH better than Blackberry.I spent countless hours with tech support and at the Sprint store. Maddening errors, inflexible programming, poor performance.Sometimes tech support is poorly trained and I have to get Advanced Tech Support and spend more time with them. One upgrade was not ready for Prime Time and Synchronize corrupted my 720 contact entries (just before an out-of-town trip) because it could not handle some characters in the Contact Name. What do you do when you can't reload from backup? Aggravating!Sprint's AirRave signal booster on my window sill is a joke too. It gets all garbled when a big email is transmitting on my network because it has no quality-of-service parameter to give it real-time priority over other traffic. It also loses the call due to poor handoff from the neighborhood cel tower whenever you walk toward it. This happens EVERY time.Sprint messaging is a time-waster. They force you to listen to a slow and verbose Date, Time, Number before you can hear each message. You must listen to first-in-first-out and has no options to configure LIFO and skip the date/time. Better phones and cel companies try to make messages quicker, not slower.Even the little details are poorly handled. Designers forgot this is primarily a PHONE! They made the numbers red. Now the backlight barely shines thru. The ALT key crowds the 7 so it is difficult to enter a 7.

llego MI TEL&Eacute;FONO ESTOY CONTENTO CON LO RECIBIDO ESTA CASI NUEVO UN DETALLE MINIMO LO UNICO MALO ES Q LAS TECLAS NO ALUMBRAN PERO LLENA MIS EXPECTATIVAS COMPRARE MAS TELEFONOS CON USTEDES Y ESPERO RECIBIR EL MISMO RESULTADO GRACIASI'm glad I get MY PHONE WITH ALMOST NEW RECEIVED a minor detail only bad thing is not light Q KEYS FULL BUT MY EXPECTATIONS CompraRed more phone with you and expects the same RESULT THANKS

IT IS USEABLE I AM STILL WISHING IT CAME WITH A MANUAL THAT I DONT HAVE TO GO ON THE COMPUTER TO READ ANYTHING

Nothing to complain. Device is good. Everything works. I only just missing the manual. Enfin, its a small issue. Overall is good.

THIS PERSON IS SELLING USED REFURBISHED CELL PHONES AS NEW!!!! I WAS NOT ABLE TO ACTIVATE WITH MY SPRINT ACCOUNT!!! BEWARE AS YOU'RE WASTING YOUR TIME AS SPRINT CALLED THIS ITEM AS FLASHED WHICH MEANT IT WAS UNLOCKED TO BE USED WITH ANOTHER CARRIER!!

Good morning, do you buy 2 tourch blackberry 9630 but one of them did not come unlocket, I would please help me to resole the problem. thanks

El articulo fue recibido aunque con un poco de retardo. Ciertas partes del equipo estan rayadas como si el equipo fuera usado.

NO HE RECIBIDO EL TELEFONO, AGRADEZCO SI ME PUEDEN AYUDAR A UBICARLO E INFORMARME YA TENGO MAS DE UN MES QUE REALICE LA COMPRAS

I bought my Sprint Blackberry Tour 9630 a couple years ago and it's lasted great! I DID change to AT&T; after contract and unlock it, uses US. Sims no problem just have to be sure to upload service books (mine were AT&T;) and alter APN settings.Awesome overseas in south UK on holiday with PAYG Sims.

It was a good choice i made buying the phone.All the features works. I highly recommend it to those who are still on the fence.

The cellphone was a gift for my 17 year old kid, in the past he had a second hand curve with wifi, to resume all, it does not have wifi, and the cursor is not the new one still has the ball, it only works on EDGE with my carrier, which makes it pretty slow, so i wouldnt recomend buying it,even if it is the cheapest BB.

Has a default dark background display theme. It's not a touch screen, but it's design is very well thought out. With your thumb you can access all the menu items and control the media players. Music quality is outstanding whether using headsets or stand-alone. Display is very sharp & bright with strong vibrant colors. Media players play .wmv AND .wma files along with mp3s and mp4s. Movies look great. Camera (3.2MP) and video recorder lets you zoom in.The keypad (that's why most look at Blackberries) is beautifully back-lit. Lets you assign pictures to contacts to ID callers by face (or what-ever). Contact list selects names as you start typing like all modern cell phones. Has a 'bed-side' function that slowly dims but keeps the display lit (dimly) so that you CAN use it like a bed-side clock. Built in clock displays include analog (with Day/date), digital or flip. Has built in apps to view (edit?) MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint presentations. MicroSD slot's under the back cover along with SIM slot. Calendar has a 'go to date' function that lets you go back years. Don't know if it has internet browser but on a screen this size I don't see how it's practical. If you're looking for a large display touch screen, it isn't.

I ordered this phone because it was advertised as unlocked. When I changed my company's sim card over to this phone, it still came up as a Verizon Wireless phone. I called my carrier and they said I would need to contact Verizon to unlock it. I regret spending my money on this. I hope I am able to return it soon.

serves the purpose i bought it for--- the person l gave as a gift love everything about it. small money great performance.

First off,just to be fair,I did not buy my phone from Amazon but direct from Verizon nearly 2 1/2 years ago,along with my wifes.NEVER had a problem with either phone,EVER,some people have had problems with the wheel freezing,in the years I have owned this,havent ever had that issue,nor my wife,and we use these ALOT,one of the first things I liked is that ALL Blackberry phones have PIN #'s so you can pin eachother at NO cost,nice little feature,not that it matters these days as pretty much everything is included in a contract.I actually,(about 2 years ago) purchased a FULL gold case for mine,thats full front incl keyboard and full back incl battery door just to look unique and it certainly does,coupled with the chrome hard case supplied by Verizon,looks great.Features of the phone are great RIM support is awesome too,only thing I ever noticed that was an irritant.....on occasion couldnt get calls or emails,so looking in Service Status it would show emergency only and no service on Blackberry!!!!Each time fixed by simply turning off connections then turning them on again fixed instantly,now this happened rarely but happened.Easy fix.Cant remember how many times I have dropped this phone and it still works fine,never broke the screen either,(most often was in the Blackberry holster,but not always),my point being,have had this phone ALONG time and is STILL going strong,bought a battery from Amazon ($5)other than that,nothing and still go days without re charging.Cant answer for refurbished phones as bought these new,and have been very impressed with them.Am not going to belabor the point and hope this review helps give an informed decision as reviews on ANY phone are checkered,we owned these phones a considerable amount of time and have both been issue free.Just an fyi,Blackbery tablets sync with these too via bluetooth and work fine.To me,this is a 5 star phone that has given me trouble free service,works seamlessly with my Jensen stand alone bluetooth in the car and seamlessly with my wifes phone(send videos to eachothers phone via bluetooth too)just a cool trouble free phone.ALSO,you can buy a new screen on its own,new wheel IF it stops working,cool outer case(not a protector case) as i didfor a few dollars and videos on youtube on how to install..............again,just options.......wheels are pretty much any color you want as are cases,gold,silver,chrome,blue,yellow,red etc.

Nothing to Phone Home AboutCellphones; that complicated little toy you depend on to keep you connected to the rest of the world. Most people, especially young people or those who need them, depend on their phones as if it were life and death. In case of an emergency, when a family member is hurt or in the hospital, when you're running late and need a ride last minute, or when you're stuck in that state of boredom, then there's your cellphone to save the day. We depend on our phones as much as we depend on a car to get us from point A to point B. It seems to have become a life line for people, but when your phone suddenly becomes problematic for you, then you can get very annoyed and enraged. The Blackberry Tour 9630 Smartphone model by Sprint, which I've been the owner of for a year and a half, has caused me many problems that I can say have been extremely inconvenient to my life.The features of this phone include a 3.2 megapixel digital camera, crystal clear display screen, 5.0 talk-time hours, entertainment such as music, television and games, 3G and Wi-Fi access, GPS Navigation, and Bluetooth. When I bought the phone it was re-furbished, which meant that it was previously owned and had been repaired and restored to its original state by Sprint Company.Those features may sound great, but there have been a number of issues I've experienced with this phone, however not all are bad. My main concern with this phone has always been the random override it experiences. The hard drive just can't support the phone, though it's considered a smartphone. My phone has overheated on a number of occasions due to charging or using internet for long periods of time and then will automatically shut off and reboot itself. The 15 minutes the phone takes to reboot has become one of the most aggravating problems, because it reboots at the most inconvenient time, such as when I'm talking to a friend about a serious subject. Not only does the overheating cause many complications, but using any app other than texting or Facebook can be very stressful. I've downloaded many games and have attempted to use GPS Navigation a few times, but every time I use either of these apps the phone's hard drive can't take the amount of information being processed. The phone will then freeze and take several minutes before just calling it quits with the app or will freeze and stay that way, forcing me to have to take the battery out and let it reboot itself yet again.Not only is the overheating, freezing, and rebooting causing me major problems, but the features that are not so popular are becoming useless to me now. With phones becoming more advanced and as touchscreen phones grow more popular, it's tedious having a phone with outdated features. Without a touchscreen and only having a "trackball" to navigate with, it's a strenuous process. If there is a word in an email or a text I need to change, the "trackball" has a mind of its own that it will not move to the word I need. Also, scrolling through endless lists or down an internet page is tireless for your thumbs. The main reason of a phone at all is to call and talk to friends or family. However, although the list of features says the "talk-time" is five hours, I've felt quite differently about the amount of time you can talk on this phone. With the phone completely charged, I feel I am only able to talk on the phone for two and half hours before the phone completely dies causing me to have to wait another few hours for the phone to recharge itself.Not all features of this phone have caused me frustration. The simple features such as the camera and texting are actually quite nice. With the phone not being touchscreen, the buttons on the phone are easy to find in the dark and once you get used to where the buttons are, you don't even have to look down at the phone to text. The 3.2 megapixel digital camera takes decent quality pictures. For as many pictures as I take, which is more than enough, I'm pleased with the memory space this phone has on it. Furthermore, waking up for class can be painful, and it's even worse when you hit the snooze button all the time. I'm so pleased that with the calendar feature. I can add as many alarms as I need to and when I hit the snooze button, I'm more likely to wake up with the next ten alarms that go off. If there's one thing I had to say I love about this phone, it is the durability. I've dropped this phone countless times on concrete and although it has scuffed a couple of times on the edges or on the phone case, I'd have to say it's kept up pretty nicely. The screen has never had a screen protector on it and the screen has never cracked nor have any of the buttons fallen off.Regardless, when it comes to the overall product, I couldn't recommend this phone to anyone unless they're a beginner. The phone itself is just out of date, along with the features. The way the hard drive processes apps could cause frustration for any user. With the countless of issues of overheating, freezing and rebooting, it's just not something anyone would want to waste their money on, even $150, when there are so many other updated models to choose from. I can't say it's worth the aggravation. The phone lacks in the areas for what I bought it for.

Hola. La compra excelente y rapido despacho del proveedor al currier. 100% recomendable. Excelente producto. Lo unico malo fueron los dos meses que se tardo el courrier en Miami para hacer llegar el telefono a Venezuela. LibertyExpress.

I tried several times to connect to internet but can not do paracer not be unlocked as it is not connected to the Internet, does not meet the description do not buy this phone.

Very nice phone,only that it does not carried wi-fi.I brought this phone for a friend of mine,who had asked me to get him a phone,he is very happy with it and has no problems

Though it came as unlocked and said to work with any sims card. It did not. I returned it. Do not know if it is the fault of the cell service in this area, only knew it would not work and was glad to be able to return it.

SO DISPLEASED THAT THERE WAS A PASS CODE NEEDED TO UNLOCK THIS PHONE!!!!THE PHONE IS IN GOOD CONDITION BUT THE KEEP IS UNLOCKED AND IT WASN'T!

Got this phone really fast. Condition's new.Speaking of BAD reviews:- The phone IS UNLOCKED!- To make it work for your SIM card, you gotta dial ##000000, and from there type in MANUALLY your phone number.- Then go to settings, and switch WORLD network to GSM.- NEWBS! ;)

Great service received everything thought had a slight problem with the voicemail changei love the fact that it was unlocked unlike all the comments said beforethank you

Por favor, para esta compra que sea con LOGO T-MOBILE saludos cordiales, necesito ese logo para usarlo con Digitel Venezuela

I don't need to say much, I got a broken phone, not in am original box, it turned on for one minute and died forever, with some dents...... I just hate this things, loosing time and money....

This Blackberry worked fine for the first three days. then the phone started freezing and Facebook never works.....browser never works.... I bought a new phone 3 days later because of this phone. DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE SMARTPHONES!!!!

When I tried to registor the phone with my Verizon account the ID number came up as a &#34;PAST DUE ACCOUNT&#34;I WON'T USE AMAZON AGAIN FOR SUCH THINGS, I WANT MY MONEYU BACK!

This product is too old does not take the new applicationto go online and others requirements need a replacement for this one

I purchased this phone because I currently have a Verizon Droid Razr (CDMA), and I was traveling overseas to Jamaica, so I needed an unlocked phone that I could use as a prepaid on a local GSM network.  I had a BB Tour a few years ago prior to getting the Razr, so I knew what I was expecting.The phone came relatively quickly.  Minus a few scratches here and there (which are to be expected), the BB was solid and intact.  I have no complaints.

having some problems in my country Trinidad when it come to fast balance and other thing such as that they said the phone isnlt fully unlocked  but otherwise it working fine.

very prompt delivery, came way ahead of scheduled time. Product was as specified, the only glitch was inability to track item. Apart from that, all went well. i will most certainly love to do business with this seller over and over again and i recommend him for anyone else..

The Phone I received was said to be in a new condition, but the one I received has scratches on the screen. The charger is not working either.The original packing was missing too. Please don't rely on the description mentioned. Would not recommend this seller for sure !!

1) The picture itself is misleading, it doesn't show that the phone is an Alltel phone, yet it is.2) The Customer Care phone number just rings when you call them and doesn't allow you to leave a message.3) If you buy this Phone it will not function as a blackberry because you can't get the EDGE network only lowercase edge. (In lowercase mode you cannot reach the RIM network)4) Due to number 1 & 3 buying this phone is pointless because the phone is useless as a BB it only looks like one.5) Due to number 2 you shouldn't buy anything from this seller. Overall my experience has only cost me money (the price of mailing the return) and time I will never get back I am completely dissatisfied and I hope my frustration pours through my words.

venden los tel&eacute;fonos malos no funcionan aqu&iacute; en Venezuela. El tel&eacute;fono vino sin los libros de servicios y llego como un tel&eacute;fono b&aacute;sico no sirve para navegar y mucho menos para mandar pin. Que decepcionante.

tHE DIVICE WAS OK,, BUT ALMOST CAN'T DO NOTHING WITHOUT WIFI THESE DAY SO IF DOES NOT HAVE WIFI AND BLUETOOTH I WON'T TAKE IT EVEN FOR FREE!!

EL CELULAR QUE COMPRE VINO USADO LLEGO A MI PAIS EN  MALAS CONDICIONES NO RECOMIENDO A ESTE VENDEDOR LO COMPRE NUEVO Y LLEGO USADO ES UNA ESTAFA

BlackBerry Tour 9630 Desbloqueado para cualquier GSM en todo el mundo Carrier + CDMA Mundial de tel&eacute;fono con c&aacute;mara de 3.2 mega p&iacute;xeles - Negro ,telefono vendido da&ntilde;ado fue un gran error adquirir este blackberry espero se comuniquen conmigo para la devolucion 04241320501

I have a contract with AT&T.  This phone was delivered as an unlocked phone.  However, the phone is designated to Sprint.  Neither Sprint or AT&T were able to &#34;release&#34; the phone to AT&T.  We found a company that could perform the release for a ridiculous amount of money.  This phone was returned to Amazon.  Please be careful when buying this phone.

To all Amazon customers. I truly and honestly advise you all to be careful of who is the merchant of the products you are buying from. I ordered a Blackberry Tour 9630 for my fiancee. First when I order the phone, they sent me the wrong endorsed phone. I needed a Sprint PCS phone, they send her a Verizon phone. After she mailed the phone back, by overnite, to World Wide Distributors, she had to wait 6 days to recieve the correct phone. While my fiancee has the correctly endorsed phone, she goes to the local Sprint PCS store and finds out that the phone she has CAN NOT be activated. The phone came up as LOST or STOLEN!While my fiancee called World Wide, she was trying to get ahold of customer service and the young lady hung up on her. This company should be shut down and banned from any further business with any group, company, or business alike. I hope I have helped many other customers of Amazon with this ordeal.

This phone show in amazon like NEW, but when i received this phone this is REFURBISH, and this is the SECOND TIME, i have purchase from this store ans the second time than they ship us a REFURBISH PHONE, so this is BAD COMPANY.

este producto llego bien y en buen estado a mis mano fue una buena compra y un buen vendedor no tuve problemas con el producto

Great buy! The time frame in which it was received was decent! I wish it came with a manual, but it otherwise works perfect! Like new! It is my first BB, so if I just don't know what to expect, let may say that it works great for a first impression on me. So was my first experience with making a purchase on Amazon! I would deffinitely buy via Amazing, I mean Amazon (lol) again! Thanks!

para venezuela sirve lo unico es que viene en ingles y no levanta 3g en venezuela y fue provado en las 3 lineas

AWFULL I GOT THIS FOR MY MOTHER IN LAW, CUZ SHE DOESNT KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THOSE NEW PHONES, BUT GEEZ, THIS THING THAT SAYS UNLOCK WAS  LIKE REFURBISHED, AND DOESNT TAKE THE SIGNAL AS WELL, PIECE OF CRAP.

This phone looks very new when I got it, then I travelled out the country with it, not knowing that the buttons are not working. The scroll button are stock to a place. I don't know how they test these used phone before selling, may be that is the problem the first owner have before selling it to Amazon. You guys should stop selling malfunctioning items to people. I could not return it because of the short 30 days return policy which I spent most outside the country.

como lo dije anteriormente siempre me ha gustado la tecnolog&iacute;a  que presenta blackberry por lo que sus productos reflejan lo que ellos ofrecen

hi, my sister lives in miami florida and she uses tmobile, I want to give the Blackberry 9630 for T-mobile but. you have it??

I write to report suspected fraud with blackberry device vendor, made &#8203;&#8203;the purchase of a device 9630 tour date May 7, the phone worked just days when nothing goes reported the theft to phone company to block the IMEI and / or serial action is impossible because it is assumed that the mobile equipment was purchased new modality through amazon page, appreciate the cooperation that can provide and actions they should take the purchase order is # 002-1364186-7439426 may 7th Date amazon website to check information refer digital invoice, I need to unblock the IMEI of the team, does not generate any report for theft and is blocked

This phone works very well. It was advertised as CDMA and i thought initially it wouln't work with GSM networks in the Caribbean where i would be using this phone heavily. Well, it is quite efficient. No complaints thus far. I bought this phone refurbished and i made inquiries about the condition of the phone before i finalized the purchase. It is great to know that the phone arrived in great condition as I was promised it would be. I will do business with  this seller again.

I just got the phone, power up...what !!! really didn't expect the Verizon logo.The mouse is a bit loose and have to press a bit and scroll.It came with the battery and charger as stated in the description. It looks very good, close to a new phone.Well, it works so far....so it's ok

First, you're wrong and I know you never spoke to Verizon.  I have more times than you need know. Let me tell you that verizon isn't also the problem.  If it is, tell me how?  You can't.  But I knew that.  You're being disrespectful to fact. even if I don't know this person and can't endorse him as a seller myself I can prove to you I sell unlocked phones of this and the 9650 around world.  Anyone else here has no idea what they're talking about.  Why not read up, and get some information so I can explain if you want to further bash this.  But it's only so that you'll know that you need to stop being ignorant about facts, lying, and also slandering.  If you're able to I'll gladly tell you how I can prove you wrong and hope you can learn from this.

I'm from Venezuela and I need my cell model is the at & t. I will use with the service and just pick up the at & t 3g ... I need to respond immediately to make the purchase

Este tel&eacute;fono me ha resultado el mejor que he tenido para realizar las comunicaciones m&oacute;viles, f&aacute;cil de usar y de comunicarse r&aacute;pidamente con tel&eacute;fonos de otras personas, con una excelente c&aacute;mara con flash y un dispositivo que me permite ubicar direcciones f&aacute;cilmente.

Phone came in excellent condition. Arrived on time and in the condition it was stated to be in. Packaging was great and the phone and accessories were prime.

after one day the trackball stopped selecting and it had a crack in the screen and also a damaged housing

Please DO NOT buy from this seller. When I received my blackberry 9630 in the mail it has the wrong battery. The wrong battery fried the phone a couple of weeks later. I contacted the seller, he/she did not do anything about it.

You must be very careful because this orderinstat sells refurbished phones as new! They have the worst customer service and they will not back up the warranty.

I bought 3 cell telephones as gifts  and they didn't last two months - Lousy equiments - Very embarrasing moment when I was told they didn't work anymore

Still I'm not able to use this phone. I do not find the right place where in can unlock this phone.

The phone was unlocked and in a good a very condition! Exactly what I was expecting. Great product indeed. Thank you

Good team though at present fails to reach the receiver, I live far away so I had to repair on my own to avoid problems and the need for equipment for the job., Who brought the charger was not original and arrived damaged module ac / dc. It is not the first time I buy a phone like this however is the first sim that I get bad

I bought one of this phone. Picture shows its Verizon. And called to confirm if I can use it on a GSM carrier. They said YES. and all I have to do is insert the SIM card. I went to Liberia and found out the phone is locked to Verizon. The carrier there told me I need the unlocked code. So I called from Africa. They answered but kept me waiting for almost 30 min.. I hang up and called back only to find out that they will not accept my call.. Called my wife to go on line and try to buy an unlocked code for $12.00. She sent the code and the process but it doesn't work either. Now I'm stocked with a new unused and not working phone. Just be care with rim gsm

Alright, let me just say that I have really enjoyed the Blackberry Tour 9630 Cell Phone (Black) from Verizon. I find the look to be sleak and stylish compared to other square featured boxy looking phones. Its a phone I can definitely set on someones kitchen tops when not using and be proud of it. Course that doesn't mean the phone is the great wonder its sold and advertised as. Now don't get me wrong cause I love this phone, its odd how a simple little cellphone can place me in a room with a few extra hours to kill and entertain me.Positives and Negatives on Web browsing:Despite what some have said I haven't had any problems getting on the web, FB and other sites like Youtube. Mind you I pay for the data package but the phone has gotten me on most websites.-Negative about this: The phone can't handle some of the websites with a lot of graphics. I am not sure what it is about the phone, maybe its the lack of memory space or what but the phone doesn't like websites with a lot of stuff to load. I've had to refresh the phone multiple times to get the site back.-Positive: Funny thing is, Youtube works just fine on the phone and I can watch streaming videos no problem heck even clearer then on my normal desktop computer sometimes. My friends have comments that its like watching a tv screen how clear the videos are.-Positive: Also if your a FB nut like myself and many others, FB works great on this phone. Oddly I've had no problems loading all that is on FB in a fast manner. This phone just doesn't like normal webpages that it has to load up yet FB works like a charm. If your looking for it to use with FB, you won't be disappointed its FB friendly and a lot of fun.Positives and Negatives on calling and texting:Overall I haven't had any problems with the calling and texting. I love the speakerphone option which I've used while driving so I can set the phone down and talk to people and drive without fumbling with a phone to my ear. The speakerphone option is clear, and its become one of my favorite phone features.-Positive: You can set up Blackberry Messenger to chat with other Blackberry users as well which is neat. The texting feature is neat as well, the phone automatically puts your contacts Facebook profile picture as the users phone ID which is kinda neat and list the company they work for if you need to reference that as well. Never had a problem with the text and phone conversation part of the Blackberry.Positives and Negatives on the phone as a whole:-Negative: I wasn't to impressed when I used it for the first week straight from the box unused and brand spankin' new and it froze up on me not even a month into using it. I wasn't impressed that it did that, and I will admit it has frozen on me a few times. You'll also find that as you use more memory and the phone starts to realize this it will be a PITA in letting you work with some websites, and Verizon MP3 sites. So keep your memory in check, use a seperate SIM card or something cause the phone gets a little touchy sometimes and disappoints you on its capability. The unnerving thing is when you have to take the back cover of the phone off and take out the battery to restart the phone. The phones reboot and load up time kinda sucks and can take a few minutes to reload back up.-Positive: I have found the phone takes really nice pictures and videos. I have taken some nice quality photos and within minutes I've posted them to FB. So if your into pictures and FB you'll love this phone, its a fast process as well. It only takes less then a minute to post your pics to FB in whatever folder you want. The videos feature is neat as well, good high quality on the video you won't be disappointed.Overall I gave this phone a 4 star cause even though you deal with a few glitches here and there, and the phone likes to freeze up and be stubborn its still a nice stylish phone you can proudly carry around. If your a net junky and need to be on different websites for work or play this might not be the phone to use, look into Iphones or IPads for something like that. Some websites work well, some don't work so well. And the fact you have to zoom in to see the text is interesting as well on most sites. If FB, chat, and occasional MP3 download like yours truly and a frequent jaunt to Amazon are your thing you'll love this phone. Just be aware if your thinking of using it for net research on a job, it might disappoint you in some aspects and freeze up while loading a page.As I said, some pages it likes and some it doesn't. You'll be surprised at all your phone options and applications as well. Hook yourself up with Blackberry APPS and take advantage of the different free APPS but don't get to crazy cause again the phone will get glitchy with to many apps taking up its memory and you'll be back to opening the back, taking the battery out and restarting the phone. The phone does offer free tools to use like memo pad, calculator, and a few other tools for those people who use it for office purposes. My friend has a blackberry and utilizes it for his office management job and I'm sure he is running a lot more data through the phone for work in his call center then myself and hasn't had any major problems with it.A good phone, go and buy it and enjoy it. Its a cellphone people, not an Autobot upgrade...for you Transformer fanatics...LOL! Just buy it and enjoy it, show it off to your friends its a fun phone to have. I'd recommend also getting the Otterbox protective cover for it cause it adds a nice protective and stylish look to your phone, but thats for another review. Enjoy! ;)

Tested it when first arrived. Works with T Mobile immediately. Still need to figure out the email and data plan but works great with voice and messaging.

This phone does not have the regular services of a blackberry in my country, because it is locked to verizon.

I purchased it as a gift for a family member and travelled all the way across the globe with it. After giving it to its new owner she called a day later to complain that it was not charging and that it completely malfunctioned, I spent alot of time trying to fix it but it wouldn't work. I will not be purchasing any more cell phones on Amazon. I was extremely dissappointed and not to mention embarrased!

It was from china and lots of drivers missing ,plus you can't up load them .i will never get any thing from these people again.

EL TELEFONO TENIA EL FLEX DE AUDIO DA&Ntilde;ADO Y NO SE ESCUCHABA NADA POR EL AUIRICULAR, NO RECOMIENDO ADQUIRIR TELEFONOS REFURBISHED, EL VENDEDOR DEBE PROBAR LOS EQUIPOS ANTES DE ENVIARLOS

Otro telefono malo, me siento burlado n o me resuelven mi problema, ofrecieron cambiarme el equipo y no he recibido solucion alguna

Extremely disappointed after this purchase.Bought it to send to India.The device would not work on both Reliance and IDEA networks and the staff has confirmed that the phone was indeed locked.I am extremely disappointed with this false claim and the waste of time, money and effort.I was embarrassed with this failed gift to a very special person.I am considering suing for damages.

HOLA QUIERO QUE EL BLACKBERRY 9360 VENGA CON BANDAS 3G 850/900/1800/1900 PARA DIGITEL VENEZUELA ES POSIBLE QUE ME DIGAN QUE PROVEEDOR ME PUEDE DAR ESTE TELEFONO GRACIAS

This is my second Blackberry 9630 purchased from Amazon within the past 60 days. The first one ordered from a vendor in California, used less than one month. Customer service & phone was outstanding. Phone was like new. I accidentally spilled cola on it causing me to lose my sim card & the phone. Needless to say, I was sick!! Ordered another one from another vendor. It was an "open box" product. The phone kept rebooting itself, now its dead. I'm in the process of returning it for a refund, delayed due to my recent hospitalization this past week. The Blackberry 9630 is a good phone.

This phone also is not unlock but is still lock to sprint. That means you cannot use it as soon as you receive it. It's either have it unlock somewhere else or it cannot unlock just put it down. The product as described by seller is not what an individual buying the phone will receive. No other gsm carrier can be used with this phone.

EL PRODUCTO ME LLEGO EN REGULAR ESTADO PERO FUNCIONANDO, POR AHI UNOS GOLPES Y RAYONES, ME CONTACTE CON AMAZON Y ME PROPUSIERON QUE LES DEVUELVA EL PRODUCTO y/O ME DEVOLVIAN EL 40% DEL VALOR. MUCHO TRAMITE ESTAR DEVOLVIENDO ACEPTE EL 40% DE REINTEGRO Y ESTOY TRANQUILO PERO NO SATISFECHO AL 100%.

Three months ago, I purchased a new, NOT refurbished, Blackberry Tour, and I'm very pleased with this phone.  I purchased this phone to replace my World Edition and I have absolutely no qualms at all.  Reboot is slightly slower than I am used to, but there is more memory on this phone compared to the older model.There are extra pre-installed options on the phone that I didn't have on my previous Blackberries that make my life much easier. I would buy this phone over and over again.

I bought an unlocked blackberry tour from this seller and the product was exactly what was advertised. My friend loves the phone as I presented it to her as a Christmas gift when I visited Nigeria.

very gooood! thanks muy bueno. vino en excelentes condiciones, no tiene ni un solo rayon, vino con varios accesorios. en realidad fue muy buena compra, me gusto mucho. gracias

el equipo llego como yo lo esperaba, en buen estado con todas las funciones y accesorios. soy de Venezuela y lo recomiendo 100%

This is a nice BB pnone it works great the only flaw is that the pictures are not so bright due to an 3.2 megapixel camera, that`s why i give  it 4 stars.

Blackberry Tour 9630 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone (Black)The Oem Shop this provider tricked me and sent me this blackberry (Refurbished) sansumg with a charger, an LG data cable and a box that is not blackberry. reward as new and sent me (Refurbished). this is very bad for this product is sent to another country and now returning it is very expensive. That should not be done because we as customers trust you as a supplier

The box was open.  The Blackberry Tour was used.  It had voicemails and emails on it from a previous user.  It still had the media card in it from the previous user.  gross.  It was simply a verizon phone programmed for the verizon network, it was *not* an AT&T phone as advertised.  I used the Amazon A to z claim, Amazon is the best.  I make all my major purchases from Amazon.  The OEM Shop charges a stock rotation fee of over $100 for any reason.  They were going to return the SAME phone to me, that I returned to them.  In the future, I will read merchant reviews very carefully.

The picture show is not the real one, I pay for a NEW phone and it is USED , It has a Verizon logo on the phone!

I am having serious problem with this phone, I bought the phone because I was travelling outside the Country,before I left I have to return the telephone to the seller,because my phone number is not reflected on the phone when I put my T-Mobile sim card in it. Also the same thing happened when I got to my destination. I could not load call card into this phone. Two problems either the phone was not properly unlocked or its suppose to work primarily with VERIZON SIM CARD.

muy buen equipo ya que es excelente su c&aacute;mara y el sistema que trae por eso quiero comprar otros equipos mas para toda mi familia y el env&iacute;o muy r&aacute;pido y eficaz gracias

Perfecto

This smart phone is very good, because it suits my communication needs, is easy to use, you hear very well. My only problem is that the signal going into the house, only comes in some area. But I recommend it for its multiple functions and easy to program.

excellent product I have no complaints. The package arrived on time and without any flock. I recommend the company and its products.

product came very quickly, was in decent shape for a used phone but the company could at least cleaned it up a little. i returned the phone becuse it didnt have wifi and i couldnt fine the internet browser app on the home screen.

hi, i need the At&t version, do you have one of those, and when i buy how can i especify that i need a At&t version? because the T-mobile doesnt work in Venezuela. thanks.

Excelente equipo, funcion&oacute; perfectamente. Lo que me hubiese gustado es que venga con memoria externa. Pero esta bien sirve para el prop&oacute;sito

The company was so helpful and informative when it came to adding my SIM card into the phone, and it works great!

I ordered 5 phones, got them in a timely manner and they were all as described. ThanksI ordered 5 phones, got them in a timely manner and they were all as described

Hi i want to know if this phone works with band 2 = 1900Mhz? am really interested in this product but i have to be sure about if it works with this band

hello! I'm from Venezuela, I will complete the sale and I need to send me a team with AT & T version, because in my country I can only use it in this version please!

Trash, the phone does not work Everytime I do a call the phone turns off , I want my money back !

NO LE DOY ESTRELLAS DE CALIFICACION PORQUE NO SE LA MERECEN EL CELULAR ERA USADO NO ESTABA DESBLOQUEADO Y ERA TECNOLOGIA CDMA NO SE QUE PIENSA AMAZON PERO PERSONAS COMO ESTAS DEBERIAN FILTRARLAS PORQUE LO QUE HACEN ES DARLE MALA REPUTACION A ESTE SITIO TAN RECONOCIDO DEFINITIVAMENTE UNOS LADRONES

I enjoy the blkberry phone only thing was that it wasn't all the way unlocked had to take it to my cell phone provider to finish unlocking the phone to get my service. I will order again other than that I'm very satified............. thank for everything . I order in the past with no problem so I'm very satified  will order again from this site.

I would like to send me the phone with T-MOBILE logo unlocked of course. I need that logo to use the device without problems in my country. Greetings.

The phone was a good phone BUTTTTTTT tha internet doesnt work on it. It doesnt take wifi and like it a unlocked phone your carrier cant assure the internet so just be very carefull.

I bought a new blackberry, and they send me a used one. Work with phones isn't a joke... Totally bad

This is my very first blackberry phone and my only regret is that I didn't get it sooner and that it not a touchpad but has a ball

Its been great so far;meeting all our expectation.I actually bought it for my wife,and so far no complaints at all.She's always all smiles now.

Got the product on time and it;s an excellent buy. It came on all at once as i put the battery in.I am happy with the purchase and phone work's very good. We love it.

thanks you this item was good no problem buying any thing from you again and sorry i did not do this earlier.

Indeed!!!! There's a before and after!!!!! That's how diferent my life is now with my Blackberry Tour 9630, it fullfills my connectivity needs,It has bastly improved my response time to my clients and that's crucial in today's business world.

Used this phone for travel to the caribean.  I was able to purchase a sim card at the airport and a 7 day Blackberry plan for $20 US dollars.  Able to call home without incurring a huge cellphone bill.

all i can say is not bad at all and i also want to give thumbs up for the quality service

i was sold a lemon its just sitting here what a waste of my money. was no happy about that

Ok lo escribo en espa&ntilde;ol para que quede claro en ninguna parte del articulo dice que este es un articulo remanofacturado no viene en su caja original el cargador no es original sino uno del operador del celular y que por cierto NO SIRVE, el cable usb tampoco es el original asi que cuando lo conectes a tu computadora NO TE VA A SERVIR TAMPOCO. Ok Ahora para los usuiarios de venezuela este telefono es 3G pero esto no les va a funcionar con ningun operador del pais solo les va a funcionar como EDGE. El Celular como tal no es malo a pesar de no tener WIFI es muy basico pero bueno.

The device (cell phone) is good, the problem is that the battery but it worked only two days. I hope this is not the problem again

I love this phone but I cant get access to the internet...maybe the props is the setting. It is a sprint product,i was scared its not gonna work with sim card but it did. I just pray that it will work perfectly in Nigeria. I hvnt send it yet. but I like it.

Buy a cell phone blackberry tour 9630, and the mobile phone serves as b&ntilde;asico because filters are blocked and can not use the network, apparently because a cell is called theft worldwide. Equipment supplier that sells rare, should watch purchases made with this provider !!!!!!

This was my second blackberry smartfone and I was  thrilled to use it, despite it's shortcomings the phone did everything that I needed it to do.  It could be faster and it does have some lag at times but overall I love this phone and it's capabilities.

Exceeded all of my expectations, easy to text, and is really fun to use. Everyone ask where I got it.

It was the most plesant exprience I ever had for the order to my receiving of my item.... Good job....

So I upgraded from the Curve 8320 after about 3 and a half years of using it. I expected this phone to have at least everything the Curve had and hopefully a few new things. After about 2 weeks I received the package (UPS's fault though). It's sleek, modern and flashy looking (if that matters).The texting conversations are collapsed which makes it a lot easier to see your previous messages to a person. Not so much scrolling through the entire inbox. Also, the keyboard is a lot smoother than the Curve one I was used to (in a good way).Although it's unlocked (supposedly) I still think it's fairly neat that there's a sim card option which it has in the back. I haven't used it yet but the phone says sprint and I'm using T-Mobile, coolness. Also, you can add a sim card/media card without have to take the battery out. THANK GOODNESS, you're not stuck waiting for the infamous long startup time of Blackberries.The charger was obviously an after market item and didn't charge at all. I'm stuck using the micro usb to the computer.No Wi-Fi. I thought newer phones were supposed to be better! While I don't use it as often as I used to (now I have a data plan) it's still nice to not have to use my data. Which brings me to my next point,There's no web browser. I'm essentially paying for the data I can't use. GREAT.Also, I can't send or receive picture messages. Uh....I thought it was an upgrade? D:Like many others said, voice quality wasn't up to par and the speaker seems to be fairly quiet. Either that or I'm fairly loud.Overall the phone is better organized (in the programming) but lacks so many things I got used to in my OLD phone. While it does essentially "Get the job done," it's not why people buy Blackberrys. I'm pretty sure I'm going to return it even if it is flashy (looking) and I could use it in Mexico (or something).

Ok where do I begin with this horrible story.... um I'll start with my phone search.  It was a day about a month ago. And I received this phone from BB-123. All was there and well. Intill I put and my sim card from my old blackberry torch into phone.  Now I read other people's reviews and I thought hey why not give them a shot. Ok the phone started acting stupid, nothing like what the description stated. So I contacted seller and was happy that even though It was a few days after the 30 day return policy they were going to accept phone. Ok so I return item, and somehow it was damaged at the postal office.  And the seller took advantage of this and my opinion.  And sent me a email and picture saying that he only received charger.  Now it was suspicious because the charger wasn't worth alot. So for the phone to go missing only.  Was crazy to me!!! I told the seller about my concerns, he didn't care. He said he only received charger so theres nothing he could do. He didnt even offer 5 dollars for the charger. He told me to contact postal office which I did. Postal office couldn't help me because package wasn't insured.  (Now who expects something like this to happen) he told me that I should have been responsible and secured the package.  Now um first of all I was furious because I know customer service and you DO NOT tell a customer to be anything.  And I contacted Amazon who are trying to get the facts. But let me tell you this guy or girl doesn't care about anyone but them selves and I strongly suggest only buying directly from Amazon. Because I'm disgusted with this company.  They don't even deserve a spit of a star. Trust me I don't write reviews but I NEEDED TO WARN ALL OF YOU.  Be CAREFUL, this company isn't worth it. You should see some of the disgusting emails he sent me. Hes a self centered PIG. And I regret ever ever ever ever buying from him.!!!!!!!!!!!!
