
not as advertised  It is a 9520 "not" a 9550Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked World Phone Blackberry Storm2 9550 Unlocked World PhoneSold by: TRD-Trading GmbH

El articulo Bakcberry RCK71CW 9550 fue recibido en la fecha prevista, sin embargo no viene en su paquete original, no trajo los audifonos,el manual y el CD Destktop.

I started using this phone two months now. In the first month the touch screen started sticking. After two months, I am ready to return it. The touchscreen totally dysfunctional. I will not recommend this phone to anyone!!!

I am enjoying my phone. I is working very good except that sending a voicemail with the viber add it's not going through but differently it's working perfect so far.

All Perfect , good Phone , with all accesories , I recommended this SellerWith Box Not details , Just I dont remember if this Phone had Extra Memory

brought it for my brother and he info me that when he placed the new sim into the phone the phone never worled so he brought a new blackberry

I received the new BB 9550 very fast, BUT they did not comply with the promise of sending a car charger and leather carrying case. They only sent the car charger. DID NOT SEND the carrying case.

Phone was unlocked and works perfectly. Thank God no scratches on the phone. No headphones and memory card though. To be fair amazon didn't say that I would get headphones or a memory card with the purchase. I guess I just expected it. Camera is also very impressive. I am pleased with the shipping service and phone.

the device works nice, the shipment delivery was done in the estimated day and hour, so i recommend this great Blackberry device, touch screen and charge battery are working smoothly until now

item is just as describe my only cons is the camera the pictures are not so bright as an 5.0 MP camera, but i can live with it.

THIS IS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERYN VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY EVRY  VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERYU VERY GOOD

The software experienced some problems, I need to reset it very frequently. Very nice sreen and takes nice pictures but doesn't work so well.

One product came damaged, container board or card the phone was damaged so it could not be used since the time I could not get the parts of it, I recommend not buying this product

Es mejor que el 9530, este vale la pena. Tiene menos problemas y no se hunde la pantalla al presionarla

I just want to know how I can use the phone because it keeps on telling to activate the phone. I see a lot of review people are complaining about this, is there a way you can take care of this. Please I need this phone to work as soon as possible. Before I use the phone I have the first problem It shows that you misrepresenting selling this product.

This was advertised as being "NEW" and came in screen about to fall off from the frame. The item was used and was marked as being VERIZON. Whenever this company sees the order is coming from overseas, they pretend that it was an order mixed up. If you look at the previous reviews most of the bad reviews came from overseas (I should have noticed this myself). Make sure you return your items to this seller as they are cleary trying to manipulate people into picking up thier junk to be sold outside the US. They expect me to find "the nearest post office to return this item" when I am in the middle of nowehere in the desert, and could only get mail once in a while. Shame on AMAZON for letting this company continually give false products. The company had several complaints and still was marked as 4 1/2 stars WTF to that AMAZON????

This phone is not unlocked. I don't understand why they send me a verizon ship with the phone, so the phone only works with verizon. And I can't use it. So if you want and unlocked phone, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

El telefono es para un regalo, muy bueno. Todo llego en muy buen estado. OK. Se ve a simple vista que es original y nuevo.

misleading offerbuy the phone again and they sent me used with pin contacts and even home videos, is a deceptively tender nerve, do not recommend it, these people make fun of the buyers to send purchase orders contrary to

Gracias por el envio sin ninguna novedad sellado el celudar con todos sus accesorios y el ekipo estuvo exelete... muy buen producto lo recomiendo....

I loved the storm 2 but with AT&T as a provider, trying to get the internet to work was a nightmare.  The phone side worked wonderfully, but the browser side was a bust.  Unfortunately, I had to pack it up and it is being shipped out now as I write this piece.  My suggestion to everyone looking at "any" kind of phone -- make sure your service provider supports the whole phone.  If not, find one from them that you will like.  It makes it a heck of a lot easier all the way around.  I'm now looking at a Blackberry torch or the new IPhone 4.  Not sure yet which way I will go.

Quiero compartir con todos que estoy un poco molesta no me gustan las ofertas enga&ntilde;osas, recibi el telefono y solo el cargador y el cable usb, falto el cd, el manos libres la tarjeta de memoria el protector y los manulaes, de verdad estoy muy desilucionada. sin embargo debo decir que me gusta muuucho el telefono..Gracias

1st week battery was draining very quickly  next week the charger did not work I had to buy another one the seller did not answer my emails they completely stonewalled me. I have since had to buy a new phone.very disappointed and annoyed that I have no redress

Phone was defective from the start. The USB port does not work properly and the phone can't charge. The touchscreen keypad is also very annoying.

I think the second name for the phone itself is dislike, its nothing but a pain in the ass since I bought it. never will I recommend it even to an enemy

I am so sorry about the mail i sent, I discovered that what is needed was an activation, the phine is actually unlocked. so sorry. Thanks a lot

the touch on this phone hardly works you have to press very hard and the front screen is loose was not a good purchase.  Phone also freezes whenever I make or receive calls back panel cannot close properly and whenever it freezes I have to remove the battery and replace it for it to start working again and then it takes about ten minutes to start back up

Unfortunately I can not says good things, I have complain about that Item...When i opened the case and checked the mobile, I saw 2G function is not working, only the 3G functions is working.Then I inform the Amazon about that incident. They send to my complain to the supplier, Supplier doesn't want to change or take back the mobile...For that reason I am not happy to use that mobile without 2G function.So when you buy some electronic Items directly check and if some problem send back to the suppliers within one month.Regards,

Given the usability and power of the Blackberries I have used so far, I was having high expectations when I bought this Phone. But it lasted only until I got the phone. Setting up the phone was not so straight forward. Not because of the UI or anything, but RIM's much touted implementation of touch screen. While every other touch screen implementation is a "touch screen", RIM's implementation is a combination of touch and click. So if you want to click a button, the touch will select the button and pressing again to click will trigger a real press on the button. While in theory this can save the user from unwanted clicks, the main issue with this is that the click doesn't work really well in every part of the screen. Especially when you have a button on top left corner, clicking that will take all the energy you have. I almost felt like I will break the screen. The clicks on the center of the screen as smooth enough so its not a big deal for most buttons. Except when you use keyboard. I really dont know how a company like RIM is allowing such a product to be released to the market when such a big usability issue exists.the next big problem with the phone is with the network service. While it supports data via Wifi and 2g/3g networks, I dont see an option to force the phone to use only the Wifi network for data. ( Or at least this is not so intuitive if such an option exist).Installing and using apps also was not so simple. I downloaded and installed Google Talk, and on trying to login, it keeps giving me a message that The service is not enabled for this phone. I am not sure what this means at all. For comparison, I have done this on an Andriod phone and that was pretty straight forward. No issues at all..In short, If you are a techie who wants some adventure ( really?? There are so many better ways to get the thrill than setting up and using a phone). Stay away from this.Or if you need enterprise email etc and have an IT department to help you setup this for you, then you may consider this. Or else never even think of it. Android is way better for the common man.

The product is kind of ok-so so....its getting slower everytime I use it, but I still like itI have recived it on time perfectly from the seller and I would contact it for a future buythe display is broken and I need to replace it,it is all crashed, do I have guaranty for that? or can I change it for a new one? this one was VERY slowWould like to contact the seller by Email but I can{t find it

EASY TO PUT IN ACTION, EXCELLENT PRIZE AND VERY HAPPY TO HAVE BOUGHT IT THROUGH AMAZON. A GOOD GIFT TO TAKE IN ACCOUNT.

I ordered this phone and got it very quickly which was a pleasure. The phone came in perfect condition and is unlocked as advertised. However, the description states in bold that the phone comes with a 16gb micro SD card and original accessories. Up to now I cannot find this 16gb memory card. I have e-mailed the seller and am awaiting a response. I was very disappointed to see that I did not get this piece as I considered it a good part of the deal!

It's a nice model from Blackberry. It doesn't have the problems of the 9500 or 9530 Blackberry models. I recommend buy it

This acquisition consists of 2 items that arrived separately, the first was delivered quickly and in good condition, the only detail was that there had installed the Spanish language (I'm from Venezuela) but it's just a minor detail. In this case it was a good experience.As the second item presents several problems, such as that can only connect to Wi-Fi and not the local wireless Internet network and the problem is more serious is that the battery is dead, could not turn even once and I have found that is damaged. The second acquisition was not at all satisfactory

The screen is very good. As the virtual keyboard.This is a "MUST HAVE" item.Maybe would be grade A+ (or 10) if the applications come like Iphone.This is much prettier than Iphone.

excelente producto estoy muy satisfecho con el. ningun  problema para trabajar en las operadoras de venezuela lo recomiendo al maximo sin problemas..  funciona muy bien el pin excelente telefono.

Recibi todo lo que pedi en Amazon pero con el detalle que en la caja del celular Modelo Storm 9550 que compre en Amazon me llego un modelo similar pero cuando lo estaba cofigurando me di cuenta que es un modelo Storm 9520 osea una version inferior y diferente a la que pedi, necesito que por favor me solucionen este incidente lo antes posible.

Received the phone, was very excited but only kept it for a week then returned it. Phone was defective but I was not able to get a replacement so the seller decided to refund me.

you send the goods are not new, I am very disappointed with you. before you send my order appropriate, I will not send back.I spent $ 300 more for my order .. NEW blackberry 9550 unlock!

I'm not exactly a BB person, but due to conveniences with my friends and family I decided to migrate to it. I looked at the options available and came to the conclusion that the Storm 2 was the best option. The phone is just great! the touchscreen works very smoothly and overall the applications are what I was expecting. The only issue was that I couldn't make the EDGE connection work with my carrier. The phone is fully unlocked for calls but you need to verify first if the data connection will work with your carrier. Out of the 4 carriers in my area, the phone only worked with 1 (All carriers are GSM/3G). Also, the phone didn't come with the 16GB microSD card. However, this was easily fixed by calling Amazon. They were extremely helpful and willing to give me a solution so I could get this card.

The phone is working fine, however the battery life is only giving 1 day. I really really like the phone. However, it is so sad that I purchased this product which I saw online, it was advertised with a USB Data Cable and cell phone charger in the bundle and up to date I am yet to received the charger and data cable.

It was what I was expecting, the phone was brand new, the connection was fine in Panama, Panama and great.....

A had my doubts about buying this one because of the reviews but then I start reading and the complains are just B S, the item as it is works great I bought 2 all fine. it did as the reviews that I had previusly read so we are very very happy with this. derp derp deeeeerrrpp.

i bought this phone as a christmas gift for one of my sons.  after asking how he rates his phone, he gives it a bajillion points so, again, like his older brothers review of the torch i bought for him, i can only assume as well this is a fabulous choice for a teenager.

Hi! Hola!The phone is very nice, looks great and the DIFFERENCE on the shopping experience is made by the SELLER!. I picked CELL LOUNGE and they did good customer service, they answered every email I sent, and their staff is very nice, polite and helpfull.Back to the phone, is very ligth, the screen is very sensitive, and has a lot of memory, so you can add lots of things to personalize the phone. It IS PERFECTLY UNLOCKED and works great with GSM carriers. Also, see if you get a phone labeled CDMA, because it turns out that the phone is double tecnology, so it suports both tecnologies and more carriers (I just learnt that with this BB, I didn't knew that was even possible! You just have to turn on the GSM on settings).El tel&eacute;fono es s&uacute;per ch&eacute;vere, se ve espectacular, funciona perfecto El tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; perfectamente DESBLOQUEADO y funciona excelente con las operadoras GSM.En VENEZUELA yo lo estoy usando con Digitel.

MUY MALO EL PRODUCTO NO VINO DESBLOQUEADO NO LO RECOMIENDO PARA VENEZUELA EL TLF NO COMPRAR AL VENDEDOR, EL TELEFONO NO LO PUDE UTILIZAR Y EL VENDEDOR SE LAVO LAS MANOS APARTE DE QUE DURO COMO 3 MESES EN LLEGAR

Nice phone. Arrived earlier than expected. Battery lasts long. I can take nice picures. I will buy another one for my spouse.

The phone has a few defects and I would like to have them corrected.1.  The volume is very low even when it is registering full volume2. The battery dies or runs out every 9 to 10 hours, becasue of that the phone is constantly on charge. Please send a longer lasting battery.3. The touch screen is real touchy. It dials numbers at random with any slight touch of the screen.4. I have not been able to connect to my email or I cannot set the email to allow access of my email on the handset.  I have done every thing possible including going to a service provide for help, but email setting is not accepting or allow access to emails.5. Unable to have calls on hold.Please advise me of the above issues and I look forward to getting a solution.Thank you

I placed an order for this new phone from Amazon, The seller was JTOWLE... when I received the phone I observed that the phone had some glue stains smudges & scratches!!!!! It appears that I was sold a refurbished phone instead of a new phone which I ordered from JTOWLE.... I emailed both JTOWLE & Amazon & to date I haven't gotten any reply from either of them.... People be awear of the phones they claim are new phones when infact they are selling you refurbished old phones!!!!!!

the phone is in good condition and unlocked, the bad thing is that I do not get the memory card that comes with 16 GB of telephone accessories.

I purchased this phone, which arrived new and everything in order. However it came with a Verizon SIM card, which had me curios.My challenge is that i inserted a local SIM card and i keep getting the message "insert sim", mind you the SIM works in my other phone so i know its not the SIM.Can someone assist with this challenge and suggest any necessary changes i can possibly make......Though i was skeptical to purchase initially, i did my research before i did, and was a bit more confident.

I like the product.It has neither shortcomings nor electronic damages.The operator of my preference located me.It is quite rapid on having gained access to the applications of the same one.The connection to Internet is rapid and stable.

The phone is needed, has the functions that required. It was a gift for my wife and she is very happy.regards

hello, I could help get the number of shipments and the company because I have not received the phone, thanks

The phone came with not working charger, after I called the seller H&P electronics, they sent me new working one. The phone itself is working, but if it goes off after the battery discharge, I can't turn it on until I connect the phone to a laptop. So I wouldn't recommend this model of Blackberry

I just received the phone with great condition and on time. The only thing I did not like is the seller's cheap trick for popularity. With the phone, I received a slip on which it was written that on posting good feedback about the seller I would have received a Mbox game CD. I feel this was not good. Amazon should make sure that the vendors should not try to gain good feedback by showing such kind of false lucrative offers.

Please i beg you don't waste your money, avoid "unlocked cellphone kings" They will scam you, I paid more than  $230 for BB storm 9550(new), they sent me a used phone, with packaging as worst a trash bag,  First day of use the phone will shut down every 24 minutes, i had to re-install the 0S using desktop manager but at the end of the day when it will not boot completely i finally realized i have been scammed with a malfunctioned phone, don't fall prey to them like i did. Please buy directly from blackberry or best buy not these scammers, they will charge your card and send you junk.

thanks for shipping the phone on such a timely mananer. My only problem with phone it is locked to a specific carrier which does not allow me to put on the black berry service here in montserrat

did not bring the case back to the batreria cover and the phone is reconstructed and the seller do not publish as I put it rebuilt like new is a scam Venezuela suit me and bring me out more expensive than buying here cover not recommend to buy

I would not recommend this product, Its not all good in use. choice was not good. Even touch is so bad,

I am very satisfied with the purchase of the phone, but I recommend sending the manual and the installation disk is required to configure the phone

Everyone should know that blackberry storm 2 phones are not the best if you compare them with other brands and cellphones, but, the useful BB chat and its touch screen makes a difference. Battery duration is the Achilles heel. Conclusion: good phone without pay too much

i am disappointed in the seller of this phone i purchase this phone as a new and now it having me problem so i bring it to the phone technician to check it out and when he open it he told me that the phone is a use phone that they work on , this type of madness most stop people work hard for there money and this is the way they are treated, i am very very disappointed in this purchase . The problem i have with the phone it freezes up the touch screen gone bad

First time this happened to me, i bought 3 of this phone like a month ago and i new there was something strange with them, and i just realized that they have an sticker saying BB 9550 over the real one where it says BB 9530, what should i do now?

they sold me this phone as unlocked for all carriers worldwide and insert the SIM card from my carrier does not accept it, also try to release it on my own and no service provider manages to unlock this. I would like to know if there is a possibility that I change the phone by one who is truly unlocked. thanks, your prompt response main jet...

Es una l&aacute;stima que digan que est&aacute;n vendiendo equipos nuevos cuando en realidad son refurbished. No es el primer equipo que compro en amazon pero s&iacute; la primera vez que me sucede esto, espero que no le pase a usted, asegurese de estar comprando algo nuevo.

it is really perfect phone, it arrived as promised and the phone is really in perfect condition, it is new, and works just perfect. i'am going to buy one more from this seller. thnaks for this great phone.

the phone is used not new save ur money and don't buy it the screen got scratched like hell, missing 16gb card the only good think is shipping this piece of crab

helloI have problems with this phone and not reading any memory card everything else works perfectlyhelp me bye

I will like to know if this phone can work in the caribbean cause i got it for my son for his bday !

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE THINKING I MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE BUT APPARENTLY I DIDNT FIRST DAY WHILE TESTING IT NOTICED AS SOON I GOT TO USE THE CAMERA THE PHONE WOULD FREEZE SO SAD ...I AM RETURNING THIS PHONE FOR A FULL REFUND

i buy this item a black berry storm but since i get this phone is nothing but problems . the company is not a company of there word . i was told if i fix the defective old phone they sell me i would get my money back . the battery came not working and the charger post was not working on top that the phone does stay just so and cut off . i spend money to fix this phone and the seller sent me and email and say they will refund me  this is what the email saidWe hope that we have adequately met your needs regarding your recent order for:BlackBerry RCK71CW 9550 Unlocked Phone with Wi-Fi, Touch Screen, 3.2MP Camera and GPS - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - BlackThanks for your email back Mahalia,I really do appreciate your cooperation through this entire process and I am glad that we finally had this matter resolved. You have been very kind and patient with us and again I am glad you gave us this chance to help.Your credit for the damages on this item will be processed back into the same account you used to purchase this item. And please keep in mind that we are still here to help with any other questions you might have about this item.If you feel that we have fully addressed your concerns in a time fashion and found the best solution, then with your approval we ask that you consider follow this link in order to remove your feedback:https://www.amazon.com/gp/css/summary/edit.html?orderID=105-1093925-6577851Thank you for your business!up to now i cant get my money back . this company is not ppl of there word dont shop from them because if u need your money back they will put u on games just to keep what is your.

El telefono tiene muchos detalles, lo compre directamente a Amazon como NUEVO y parece un telefono usado. Tiene doble protector de pantalla para lograr cubrirla toda, en las tiendas tiene un solo protector que la cubre, tiene una alarma que yo no se la puse, el forro de la tapa de la bateria est&agrave; rayado, tengo dudas de que realmente sea nuevo...

It wasnt at all acording to my expectations, it was hard to handle and touch screen wasnt very sensitive. Had to send it back.

I am very disappointed with this phone.  Within the first two weeks of using this phone, I experienced problems with it. It is a touchscreen yet for all it is very had to press and the phone cuts off every time a phone call is made.  The seller must ensure that quality items are being sold.

First off, I live in the caribbean, Trinidad and Tobago to be exact and i often use amazon for my orders. this time around i ordered this phone from Unlocked Kings but i'm feeling like i bought it from a King's neighbour's ugly step brother. I must say that i received in record time to ordering it but that was prob the best thing. It was a gift to myself for Christmas, so i only started using it on that day. The phone freezes up and sticks quite often. causing me to feel like its was a refurbished phone i got instead of a new one. Having owned a brand new Storm 1 before and loving it i felt this was the way to go.. but with this phone from unlocked kings I have to constantly charge it because it loses power so quickly (another reason i think i was sold a refurbished phone). It also shuts of for itself at random times of the day, sometimes even when i'm on a call (and no not the BB auto shut down/turn on times). When this happens it takes forever to come back on... Sighat least i got my phone pretty quickly :/2 weeks after my last review: My functions are malfunctioning. When i try to return tho the previous page my phone dials my last dialed number. sigh

La pantalla es muy dificil de manejar y toca presionar muy duro para escribir, por lo cual se me rompi&oacute;. No me gusto este celular.The screen is very difficult to handle and plays very hard pressed to write, so I broke it. I dont liked this phone.

The phone does not appear to be unlocked- my data plan with another carrier (Digicel) keeps dropping out and only works after a battery pull. This has to be done at least once a day. My carrier insists that this problem is because it's a Verizon branded phone- however the phone was advertised and sold as an unlocked world phone.

This phone is really great. The capacitive touch screen is perfect. Once you fool around with it for a few days, you can figure it out. It is business friendly and looks very good as well. You have documents to go to view and edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint files. It is Quad-band unlocked GSM phone which you can use all over the world.So, why did I give it only 3 stars?What they don't tell you is that it is unlocked for voice but not for data. In other words the only way that you can get BIS (Blackberry Internet service) on it, is to have a company like Verizon which operates on CDMA technology.  You can not get BIS for it in Europe or many parts of Asia. I am stationed in Kuwait in support of the US Military. My Kuwaiti sim card works in storm2 as far as voice and making calls are concerned but you can not get BIS for it.If you live in America or do not care to have BIS, go for it. It is a great touch screen phone with outstanding capabilities.

I like my blackberry very much. Ihave no problems with the device. It came just as advertised by the dealer!

was totally disapointed!!!... this product did not work!!!... sent back and still waiting for my account to be credited the amount I paid for a useless divice!!!

This unlocked phone worked right away when I added my SIM card from my carrier (Claro) in Peru. The voice service worked right away..but data did take a day or two to work properly (I could use the wi-fi right away, but I have a blackberry plan in Peru and just when I was about to take the phone in to Claro to make sure I could access the Internet without wi-fi, it started to work). Claro works on a GSM platform, and this phone worked for me. The phone itself (seller was Extreme Discounts L.A.) was in perfect condition. Karen at Extreme was also very helpful. My emails to them were answered within a day. The phone is a little heavy in comparison to other like phones for size, but I prefer having something I can find in my big purse :) The touch key pad does take a little getting used to, but manageable. The 3.2 megapixel camera actually takes good photos. It also has flash. For the price (especially for phones in South America) it is a nice phone, looks elegant and professional and I would recommend it :)

Operating well, but the cell does not appear to be new, I had to adjust the case, did not bring this memory, this did not bring hands-free, I had no problems with the phone but these devices come with these accessories

This BB storm-2 is a nice phone.  It came a day late of seller's promise but that was not a big deal to wait extra day.  The features are okay.  I did not like the fact that the phone came and it was not unlocked as promised.  I had to take it to a local dealer to pay additional fees to unlock it to function with my carrier.  I have seen same phone sell for $10 less especially after paying additional $25.00 to have it unlocked.  The seller needs to take note of this.  This phone is okay other than above.

The phones were old not updated software but were unlocked BB needed two hours with me to update the software and get Spanish on them. the charges were not OEM and two blew up when plugged in and almost caused a fire we threw the third away. But from someone esle the price was $20 cheaper than new and not worth it.

I thought I was getting a new phone, but instead it had allready some scratches on it. My friend told me this was a great website but after I spent the money and didn't get what I expected I'm not so sure

The data plan stops working every day and a battery pull has to be done to reset it. I am using a Digicel (Antigua & Barbuda) SIM card and a post paid data plan and there seems to be a conflict with Verizon and Digicel. I do not understand why since the phone is billed as an 'unlocked international' phone.

Estoy satisfecho  con el equipo  llego bien y a tiempo lo estoy probando y hasta ahora funciona muy bien  no tengo  problemas.

When I received the Blackberry 9550, there was no micro SD card inside, yet instead, there was a Verizon sim card.  I believe I paid a price to purchase a brand-new phone, not sure why these happened.

Well, I'm finally writing a review of my Blackberry Storm 2 phone. After a rocky start and some miscommunication problems these guys finally did deliver on their product. The phone itself is beautiful and I love it. It is even better than I expected and am very happy with it and the seller ( A and B Wireless ).
