
Purchased this phone for my mother who is 80 years old and has vision problems.  She loves it,  easy to set up, and the S.O.S. function works great!  Dosent really need the FM radio, but the built in flashlight may be useful.  The only deficiency I noted is the audio is just a bit tinny, but that could be my ears.  I do recommend the phone for seniors with vision concerns.  It will work on most carriers as long as your carrier uses a SIM card.

Wow, this was the perfect phone for dad! I've been trying to find the right for him for a really long time... He's turning 70 next month and needing a really basic, easy-to-use phone. Some of his biggest complaints with his old cellphone were that the speakerphone wasn't loud enough, he didn't even know how to turn the speaker on without going through complicated menus, he couldn't figure out who called last or what the last missed call was (again, because of the long complicated menu) and if he was on a call and was receiving one on the other line, he couldn't transfer over without losing the call he was previously on. Everything just seemed so complicated, everything! I discovered the jitterbug and the doro phoneeasy line of phones but you can't use them with t-mobile service. I was a bit afraid to purchase this phone at first because I was afraid dad wouldn't like it's look. I didn't want him to feel 'old' in front of the other guys his age with the buttons looking so big but it was notthing like that. I saw the clarity phone on amazon as well but it was over two hundred dollars, a price I was trying to avoid paying. So, i 'settled' for the snapfon "ez ONE." Boy was I wrong... I definitely did NOT settle. I couldn't stress this enough, I DO NOT REGRET GETTING THIS PHONE FOR DAD, HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT! He turns the speakerphone on by pressing the '0' key, if he's on a call and someone calls on the other line, he just presses the talk/okay key and it switches over automatically without dropping the previous call, it is very loud (including the ringer), has a cute little flashlight, an emergency button on the back that automatically calls the police if anything, you can lock the keypad with a side switch... I am telling you. If your parent or elder sounds anything like my father, buy this phone. It is just great! He actually shows it off to almost everyone and cherishes it like crazy.(Also, If you're younger but not really into technology, you can get it as well. It doesn't look bad at all, actually kind of cute and small and cuddly-like... just imagine a cute little puppy with really big, pretty eyes). YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY GET IT! and I'm also not one to leave reviews on products but this phone deserves it, dad sure thinks so.

I bought this phone for my 80 year old mother, her first cell phone.  She loves it.  I was able to put her on my family plan with AT & T  without a contract.  As a bonus, she now has a "help" button in case of an emergency which is a relief to me because she lives states away.

This phone is everything I was looking for in a phone for my 87-year-old mom. She has low vision and tremor, and had a hard time using a conventional cell phone. This one has large, lit keys, and is simple to use. Because it arrives unlocked, we just moved her sim card from the old phone to the new, and she was ready to go! I am very happy with this purchase.

I got this phone for my 101 year old mother. She has hearing problems and does not see well. I set five speed dials for her, which covers people she almost always call. The Keypad is larger then any other cell phone, but it is flat with the phone. Since she has a hard time seeing and at her age she also doesn't use her fingers as well and most people. I believe if the keypad keys were raised she would have an easier time finding the right number. Actually I wish the whole phone was bigger as most older people need something large to handle.Good points, just press a speed dial number for 2 seconds and the call is made. The keys have large numbers, even bigger would be better, so she is able to make them out. The speaker saying the number back is also helpful. The large numbers on the screen also helps. The sum of things is that she can use this phone where regular cell phones were impossible for her.It is the best phone for the elderly I could fine.

A simple phone that mostly does what a phone is supposed to do, make and receive calls. My computer keyboard is better used to write messages since I don't type well with my thumbs. A real radio is sounds better for news and music.  In short, make a phone for phone calls only. The key lock is not positive enough, need a positive on-off position so it won't move going in and out of a pocket. Still my favorite phone since 1978, and I've had many.

The buttons are great, but screen is useless for low vision - black on amber??? what were they thinking.Overall it is easier to use than the usual cell phone, but they missed a few things.  There are numerous buttons on the sides than can easily be activated when not intended.  At least the phone can be locked when not in use.The SOS button on the back is too easy to activate accidentally, so that needs improvement.  We got this phone for my Dad, and I frequently get calls that are a result of bumping that button.  This should be a 2 step process.But here is the biggest problem - the physical phone is very poor quality.  We bought this for my Dad at Thanksgving, 2010 and here it is September, 2011, and the phone stopped working a couple weeks ago.  We spent almost $20 for a new battery, thinking that was the problem but it made no difference.  So that is essentially 9 month life for $99 plus shipping.I agree with another reviewer who said to forget the lousy radio and use the savings to make a better quality phone.Sad thing is I haven't found anything that is better for him to use, we've tried many phones.  Maybe they know that, so they are taking advantage of the situation to make $10 phones but charge a lot more than that.If you are expecting phone support, be warned that it is a pay call and they do not answer the phone.  YOu will have to leave a message and hope they will call you back.

fantastic phone. my mom is 87 and hard of hearing and her vision is poor due to her diabeties. she just feel in love with the phone. extremely loud ringer and a very large display. she said the only draw back was the orange back ground with black letters is hard to see. she sees much better with a white background with black letters. does seem strange to do this color combination for the vision impaired. all in all i gave it four stars due to the display. mom thanks u. finally, someone listened to the handicaped elderly.

This is a great phone for seniors or anyone with disabilities.  The buttons are very large and have a great feel to them, each one is curved to facilitate dialing.  Besides the programmable buttons, it also has an SOS feature that when pressed for 5 seconds, will call and text up to 3 different pre-programmed numbers. It also has an FM radio built in, which is easily controlled through a side button, and a flashlight that's pretty bright.  The ringtones and volume are quite loud as well.  I'm pleasantly surprised how great this phone is.

Overall, this is a very nice phone. Keys are the perfect size; sound is good, call clarity good and the display is good. The emergency button is one of the key features on this phone and the primary reason I chose this phone. Now the deal breaker.....yes, you can program 5 phone numbers for the emergency button, HOWEVER, just pray that none of those numbers have a voice mail feature on their phones because you will not get past the 1st number if no one answers at that number. This phone assumes that when the called number goes to voice mail, it's been answered! Basically, it's a worthless feature.

I purchased this phone for my still functional 90 yr. old father.  He had too much trouble opening his previous 'clam shell' phone.The only real problem with this phone is that the numbers get pressed when he places it in his top shirt pocket behind his glass case and pen holder.The other problem is that he doesn't have great sensitivity in his fingertips and when he presses  speed dial, he just gets the one number, not the speed dial saved number.He works through these, and it is easier for him to answer the phone which is what he wanted.He cannot work the slide lock on the side because of finger problem.Plus, he has large fingers.I hope they can come up with a phone made for larger hands/fingers.

I found the phone fairly to operate as a phone, but difficult to set up. Creating a contact list was not an easy task. I agree with other reviewers in that there is room for improvement. In this case, less would be better. Start by leaving out text. Texting is the worst I've ever had to deal with. I thought that texting was a kid's activity anyway. I assume the reason it's on the phone is so they can send you a bill. As for customer service, I couldn't find any at all.When I opted on-line for the $39.95 unlimited plan, it showed that I had signed up for the basic $10.00 plan. I tried to contact customer service for help with that, and to my surprise, there was no customer service available.The phone itself seems cheap. Call quality is about average. I bought it for my 87 year old mom who has many health and vision issues. If she can operate it, it stays. If not, back it goes. Personally, I wouldn't have it. It looks like one more headache to deal with.

I gave my wife my beautiful and useful Blackberry Pearl when I moved to the Android phone... but she didn't like it.  Too complicated for her, and the buttons are truly not very big. She also had a difficult time looking for contacts.So I got this phone for her.  She loves it.  We have it on T-Mobile, and the connections are clear at both ends.  It's user friendly, and all she wanted was a phone, so this fits the bill.  Looking for contacts is one click away, SMS and the radio we don't know.  Radio...?  Whose idea was that...?Two nice touches: the LED "flashlight" and the panic button, great ideas.  I programmed the panic button to call 911.  We were thinking about subscribing to the "I fell down and I can't get up" service, but this pretty much does the same thing.One very small complaint: we haven't been able to connect the lanyard to the phone, it's nearly impossible to do it... well, it's been impossible for us so far.Otherwise, it's great... but only if you have T-Mo or AT&T; service, it needs a GSM signal.

I bought this for my elderly father who needed big buttons.  I was not completely sure it would work on the ATT network in my Friends and Family plan but it did.  You will have to go to ATT and get a SIM card, which they provided me at no charge.

Extremely useful: large keys, loud sound for both ringer and incoming voice.Didn't think I'd use the flashlight much, but have already done so. I lock the keyboard all the time, because my purse gets knocked around; and you can answer an incoming call even when keyboard is locked.The phone was smaller than I expected and I had to get used to having such a small thing in my hands; my forefinger just naturally rested on the SOS. I wrote to the company about that and they answered quicklly and pleasantly and told me the SOS button would not got off unless I held it in for 5 seconds or more. Now I don't worry about that, and I have gotten used to small size.Also wonderful is entering phone numbers etc. It really is simple and you can guess at a lot of things to do without going back to look up in the handbook.Not many buttons to choose from so it is hard to make a mistake and that is a relief.I was trying to add phonebook contacts to my home phone this morning, and SNAPFON is much much easier. On home phone I'd enter a lot and then press the wrong button and lose all my typing. Not a problem with SNAPFON.Tmobile transferred my SIM card quickly and graciously.In reference to an earlier review, my very dextrous friend attached the lanyard using a regular sewing pin.

The phone is almost perfect and what it doesn't do probably only is done on higher priced instruments.  I can see the numbers easily, it repeats verbally the numbers I dial, I programmed my son's home # in the push button option, 911 is the * and was already programmed.  The only thing I have to watch is the way I carry it so I don't signal either the Police or my Son with careless handling.  I don't like telephone calls, I prefer to see people talking in person, if I had a choice, many numbers would be set to ignore.  But that option doesn't seem available.  So I let it ring and pass over to voicemail, that's about as good as it can get for me.  Missed calls appear in the memory, I have no problem seeing who called if they don't leave a message.I already used AT&T;, it was real easy to transfer my card from my older phone to this new one.  I don't know how that works for those who are not with the specified telephone services.Would I  buy it again or recommend it to others?  Yes, indeed.

The feature I love most is the slide lock on the side of the phone. This allows you to lock the keypad, which is very sensitive, without having to use an unhandy series of keystrokes. The large buttons and easy to read display are great.  The only negative is that it does not seem intuitive when it comes to looking up numbers.  When I go to what ought to be the phone book, it always says "Empty", but that is just the last entry in the book.  Still, it is disconcerting, thinking I may have deleted all of my phone numbers.Once I get used to how the phone "thinks", I am sure I will love it.

I'm just crazy about this phone. I had a ZTE phone that would die on me during a conversation. So I began reading about simple phones and found that the simpler it is the less there is to drain the battery. So I got this. You can make a call or send a text. Assuming there's a station nearby, you can listen to the radio on it. It has a flashlight built in. I have high beam lights so that doesn't count, but it's nice to know that it is there. Now I can talk for three hours without my phone dying on me. Even with long conversations, I only charge it once a week. I recommend it. Plus you get great ringtones, such as the Bond theme, the Andy Griffith theme and the Benny Hill theme.

This product would be wonderful if it worked past the "return" date and if customer support were better.I bought a "Snapfon "ez ONE" Cellular Telephone for Seniors or Low Vision Users" through Amazon.com on January 28, 2011 for a relative with vision problems.  The phone worked well until July.  He started having problems turning it on, problems turning it off, problems with it coming on after he turned it off, problems with the saved numbers being lost, etc.I went on Amazon.com's website to check the warranty period on the telephone.  I had assumed the warranty would be at least one year.  Information on that website, however, showed that I could not return it to Amazon.com after March 2011.  After that date, I needed to contact the vendor directly.On Sun, 08/14/11 I contacted the vendor and got a very courteous reply 08/15/11.  I was told "...please provide me with a contact number where you can be reached, or you are welcome to contact me so we may further discuss resolving your issue."On Wednesday, 07/17/11, I called and left a message and also responded to the email. I got an email saying "Please bare with me. I am currently working with another customer and will contact you momentarily. Thank you for your patience, and I look forward to assisting you."I got no further feedback by  08/18/11 so I sent another email.  In response to my email, I received a message on 08/19/11 saying "I sincerely apologize, things have been quite crazy in the office, for we are about to launch a national commercial for the phone, amongst other things and this slipped through the cracks.  Please let me know when is the best time to contact you and I will gladly do so."I responded to the 08/19/11 email saying August 23, 2011 was a good time.  I have heard nothing else from the company since 08/19/11.

I recently purchased this cell phone for my 84 year neighbor who has bad eye sight and bad hearing. This cell phone is working out surprisingly well for him. The speaker phone function is great.The dual purpose arrow button throws him off a little because some times he presses the top part and gets into the MENU screen instead pressing the bottom of the button to get into his phone list.He's slowly but surely getting the hang of it and complains that he'll never get it right but I pointed out to him by asking how many times did he fall off a bicycle before you learned how to ride it? He laughed and said "Many times!". I told him he'll get the hang of the cell phone too.Some times I think he's turning down the VOLUME because when he holds the phone he press the VOLUME button. I'm trying to make him more careful about his grip.Since this cell phone is advertised as a "Senior or Low Vision User" phone, I'm surprised that the instructions aren't printed in a larger font size. The definitely could be printed larger.

Like many others, I've searched and waited, tried and failed to find a cel phone, regardless of service provider, that would benefit my aging father. He has huge, uncoordinated fingers from years of construction work, now shakey from medication, a forgetful mind affected by the beginnings stages of Alzheimer's and hearing aides.  This is my latest acquisition in my quest.My biggest, most important concern is the ability to actually use the phone in an emergency - it must be easy and simple to use.  I've grown to realize that as he regresses, technology must be simple or it won't be used at all - defeating the purpose of a phone entirely.  This phone seems simple enough for him!In addition, while not much has been said about the built in light and FM radio on this phone (freebies) that my father will never use, I was a bit alarmed at the general build quality - taking off the back panel to access the SIM card and battery 'almost' snapped the plastic - yes, it's wafer thin.  To give you an idea, I have extensive experience in the IT industry and frequently am found gingerly degutting the insides of computers - so I am quite careful with my fingers.  I certainly don't use excessive force.  This was a surprise however.With the well placed SOS button feature, and the number of aging seniors not only here but abroad, I am surprised other companies haven't come out with phones like this with even better designs and better build quality by now.As of this moment in time, this is all that's out there right now and it does a fair job.

This phone is perfect for the elderly, low vision users or anyone who wants a basic phone that is dependable and easy to use.

If you want the easiest to use phone in the world, this one is for you.  I use an iPhone and my wife absolutely hates the complexity of the smart phones so we kept our land line because the land line phone is easy to use.  We were hesitant to shut off our land-line until we saw this phone.  AT&T; ported our line for $10 per month and we are saving $55 per month in communication bills because we don't have to pay for the land line or the long distance carrier!The first phone they sent was broken, but, the support people were super efficient and sent us a replacement phone right away and we were up and running.

the instruction booklet is misleading in one respect; it states "When the phone is on and unlocked, this is considered standby mode." This led me to believe that the phone should be on and unlocked in order to receive calls.This is not the case. The phone can be on and locked, and calls may be received, a more desired situation, since there is no danger of inadvertent button pushing.

Wife was very happy with it. Instructions were well written and large for Seniors to read. One of the best phones for people with limited dexterity.

I wished I read ALL the reviews before I bought this phone and shipped it all the way to the Caribbean. The phone literally worked for about 5 days then stopped.  The battery for the phone went dead after less than 24 hours and I managed to charge the battery then the same thing occurred.  By the fifth day the battery would not charge at all so I thought the battery was defective.  I wrote to the company who sent me a replacement battery and the same problem persisted.  The battery would not charge.  The phone has gone blank and would not come on. I used the battery in a Nokia phone and it charged just fine, so clearly its the phone that is defective.  I bought this phone for my mom so she could see the numbers clearly but what's the use of having the nice big numbers if the phone does not work.  What a waste of my $99.99.  As I am in the Caribbean I could not return the phone. Buyers beware this phone is no good.

This phone brought peace to my life.  My senior mother would do nothing by constantly complain about her phone.  You name it; the text is too small, buttons are to small, phone is too hard to figure out, can't get the flip phone open, etc.  When she accidentally washed her cell phone with her jacket and killed it, I was tasked with finding her a new phone.  The cell phone provider didn't have anything like this.  I also wanted a phone that was cheap and didn't extend my contract.  I gave this a try and it was like Moses parting the clouds and the harmonious angel choir singing.I popped in the SIM chip, started it up and after about a 30 minute training session all complaints ceased.  Don't kid yourself, this is a no frills phone.  A handful of ringtones, no dazzling graphics, can't surf the web.  But for its projected audience it is fantastic.  Everytime my mom calls, she tells me how much she loves the phone.  Therefore, I love the phone.  For those in my shoes, and you know who you are, you won't be disappointed.

I really like it. Had a problem with message about power-on. It had stopped working and [...]people told me to take out battery & Sim card and put both back in. Worked fine after that. I like the tunes; control of sound; big keys, etc.

If you are a senior citizen, or have a senior in your life, this is one fantastic gift for them. The phone is large enough to easily hold, and the big, well lit buttons, are easy to read and push. You won't have any problems pressing the wrong keys accidentally. The added feature of "talking keys" makes it invaluable to the visually challenged. The special red button feature that allows you to pre-program emergency numbers also helps provide peace of mind. It's a breeze to set up with AT&T, just a matter of transferring the SIM card from the old cell phone. There are detailed instructions on how to do this provided with the phone. I purchased this for my 87 year old mother, who loves it, and is completely at ease using it.

It's nice to have large buttons, but a senior friendly phone is more than having large buttons and flexible plan providers.  In fact, eye ease should be one HUGE consideration, and I find that this amber backlight (although the font may be "28-point") is insufficient for reading ease, especially for a person who has low vision.  What ever happened to black font on a white/lit background?  Would that one feature have propelled this product to a price point that would have been cost prohibitive for most?  Nice try, but I think you really need to try a little bit harder. Let's see what generation 2 and 3 (if this product makes it that far) will be like.  Also, ease of handling and use should be huge considerations for older seniors, some of who also may have dexterity issues.  So far disappointing, and I cannot give this anymore than two stars. :(

The phone I received was NOT the SnapFon "ex ONE", which gets very good reviews from what I can tell.  I was delivered a phone labeled "Hito" which was packed in a Daxian 58+ box.  Daxian looks to be a knockoff of SnapFon and the Hito looks to be a really cheap knockoff of the Daxian.The Hito phone did not turn on consistently.  It was also not compatible with my AT&T; SIM card, unlike the SnapFon described.What might be worse is the response from Allaboutcellphones.Inc.  They wanted to know what I expected for this price?  They go on to say "we suggest you to order another equipment  from another seller , but let me tell it won't be different than the one you receive..." [sic]The SnapFon is $80 directly from the manufacturer and the Daxian 58+ is a $60 phone usually discounted to under $50.  I guess I was stupid to believe the legit SnapFone might be a few dollars less expensive on Amazon.I have had very good experiences from Amazon and I am sure I will get a refund for this piece of garbage. Still I got quite a headache dealing with this particular vendor.

I had high-hopes for this phone.  Those hopes were dashed when i pressed dial and the screen went back to the time display.  It seems that even though it was showing 5bars, there was no reception and it does not tell you so.  I returned it not knowing what the issue was.  The second phone had the same issue and i also noticed that the battery would go dead in 24 hours without using the phone.UPDATE-I should add that customer service was very good and that i was able to return both phones without any costs or problems.According to customer service, my problem is because reception in my area is weak for my carrier, which i well know.  This causes the both the battery and call issues.  So if you have good reception in your area, you may not have these problems.

The price is outragwous for a phone with just a few features, however the buttons are large enough for my father. The phone seems to work fine, and customer service is awesome. I ordered two because I thought that the first phone's SOS button was not working. It was and when Snapfone returned my money they also returned my shipping charges (unheard of).Thanks Snapfone,

I have arthritis in my hands. My fancy touch phone hurt so much to lock and use. And I constantly touched icons that I didn't mean to touch. Plus I would accidentally turn down the volume, since that button is directly across from the locking mechanism. I absolutely love the snapfon and its high functionality. It is so much easier to lock and unlock. Plus everything is easier to get to and faster. I love high tech gadgets, but I needed a phone for someone with less dexterity and low vision.  I love, love, love this phone.

I bought this phone for my 84 year old mother.  She likes the big key pad, but what she really needs is easy phone book access.  There are about 4 or 5 key strokes necessary to get to the phone book.  She gets lost and can't make a call.  I'm sorry that I bought this phone.

The phone has been great.  Sound is clear and amplified to meet our needs.  Price was very good.

I got this phone for my mother, who is 88 and has difficulty with both her vision and hearing.  We just got it set up for her a week ago.  I can say at this point that it was quite easy for me to set up, the key pad has VERY large numbers that she can see to dial (although the phone is nice and small), and the volume turns up very loud, so she can hear it.  It also has an SOS button on the back, to code in an emergency number to, which we liked.  Time will tell, as she uses it more, how well it works for her, but so far we are very pleased.

got this phone for my grandmother, unfortunately, after about a month of use (and i mean she hardly gets any calls or call anyone), the volume stopped working.  You cannot hear the person on the other end when talking to someone.  tried to contact customer service about seven months ago to see if i can get any information on fixing this, and no one contacted me back.

i OBTAINED THIS PHONE FOR MY BROTHER IN ST. LOUIS WHO IS ELDERLY,WITH HIGH HOPES.i T WAS MAILED TO HIM VIA UPS AT MY EXPENSE.hIS ATTEMPT TO ACTIVATE THE PHONE TO THEVERIZON NETWORK WAS LONG AND DIFFICULT.AFTER THREE LENGHTY ATTEMPTS VERIZON INFORMED HIM THEY DID NOT RECOGNIZE YOUR BRAND OF PHONE.THIS WAS  DONE THROUGH THEIR TECH DEPT.NOW HE HAS NO PHONE AND HAS TO SHIP IT BACK TO ME FOR RETURN.THE PHONE WOULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT HELP BUT IT CAN'T BE ACTIVATED ON THEIR NETWORK.PATRICK J TULLY

Snapfon "ez ONE" cell phone.I read the reviews before purchasing this phone for my husband.  Sounded good. The phone was not easy for him. He was legally blind, but could still see. He could not see the numbers. The charger does not work most times. When plugging in the charger, the screen shows charging/charger removed/charging/charger removed. I have to work w/the charger until it shows charging. I paid $100.00 + shipping. This was a waste. I would not recommend this phone.

Purchased for my mom who is in a nursing home.  It is working really well for her.

My Mom is pretty tech-happy, but she hated her typical mobile phone with its small buttons and lame menus.  This unlocked phone, combined with a prepaid T-Mobile plan, turned out to be perfect for her.  The guys in the T-Mobile shop were charmed with it, and Mom's friends are envious.

I purchased this phone for my father who can easily be confused by technology.  When I first walked into the AT&T store, all the clerks gathered around and asked "What is that??"  One of them took pictures of it and sent it to his district manager, as he thought it would be a great device to market to seniors.  Its the first phone my father has been able to figure out and use effectively.  It gets great reception and is very easy to use.  I'd recommend you give this phone a try for anyone who doesn't need a phone with many features.

I bought this for my 90 year old mother as an Easter gift.I gave her some tulips and the wrapped snapfon.She thought it was the usual nonpareils that she usually gets.I said open it now because she just placed the unopened gift in her overnight bag.She was so surprised and delighted when she opened it.She found the numbers easy to read and we set up the calling numbers ahead of time.Very easy to set up even for me and i've never owned a cell phone.Set her up with Puretalk for the $10 a month plan including taxes for 101 minutes.The minutes carry over month to month unlike Tracfone.The phone features a one touch dialing system so she really doesn't have to do any dialing if she doesn't want to.Just press 2 to call me;press 3 to call my brother etc...The phone comes with the simm card already although it does not work on the Verizon network but that's ok.The back of the phone has a big red button that will dial 911 and also text us if help is required right after the police are called.This is all done automatically.Overall we are all very happy with this purchase and the calling plans are VERY AFFORDABLE.You can get an unlimited calling and text messaging plan for $39.95 a month TAXES INCLUDED.Reception is very clear.I might just get one of these for myself.I don't think you will dissappointed if you purchase one of these phones......

A friend recommended this phone to me, and I purchased one from Amazon for a 78 year old friend who wanted a cell phone as an emergency-use phone but was hesitant to get one because of his hearing loss. The Snapfon not only has a large display and large buttons to help the visually impaired, but it also has a very loud ring and volume control. My friend, who wears hearing aids, finds that he can use the Snapfon comfortably and hear easily using the speakerphone option.The phone fits my friend's need for an emergency phone very well. We took it to a T-Mobile store, where the sales person installed a SIM card for us that included 10 minutes of use for about $12; after my friend tested the phone and found that it would work well, he purchased (via the T-Mobile website) a prepaid pay-as-you-go plan for $10 that gives him 30 minutes of calls and expires in 90 days. Using this phone as an emergency phone only, my friend will have to pay only $40 a year ($10 every 90 days), a perfect solution to his needs. (I understand that AT&T; also has SIM cards and prepaid plans that would work with this phone as well.)It is easy to navigate the menus to set up the phone book and emergency numbers. You can have up to 4 emergency numbers; pushing an SOS button will send text messages to the numbers and then dial each one in turn until someone picks up, trying each one several times.The phone is small and easily carried in your pocket. It comes with a soft carrying case and a lanyard that was a bit difficult to attach; in order to get the lanyard loop through the holes on top of the phone you will need to fish it through using a pin.We felt comfortable ordering the phone from Amazon, since they have a good 30 day return policy and we weren't sure it would fit our needs. It arrived from Amazon in 2 days.

Bought the Snapfon Ez for my hearing impaired father, who wanted a simple cell phone with a speakerphone.  Pros: Outstanding speakerphone, large buttons, good display, relatively easy to use, SOS feature, essential keypad lock.  Cons: Menus not very intuitive and somewhat cumbersome.  I really hope this phone will not have any technical problems and last a while (only had it a week) because it works really well for an older person who needs a simple phone with high volume output.  My father keeps his aide on and simply places the phone about 6 inches out and behind his ear, allowing him to hear as if it were a normal conversation.  I was wary of the SOS feature, but it works great as it sends out a text msg. to up to four contacts before calling - very nice feature.

I highly recommend this phone for someone needing a phone for talking without unnecessary "features" which increase complexity. I have very low vision and the Snapfon ez One's simple design and interface makes it very easy to use. The keys are large, the speaker is over-sized allowing for maximum volume, and the 4-key design to move up, down, back, and enter/select is very easy to navigate and master. I also like a separate key on the side to lock the keys and the one above it to turn the flashlight on and off. I like that the phone can still be answered when it rings even if the keys are locked. I keep my phone turned on all the time and I've been getting about 4 days before needing to recharge it. I don't use the SOS button but for seniors and others needing this feature, it is easy to set up and the button location is well-placed. Also, the phone can be configured so the keys announce what has been pressed. I don't use this feature and have mine set to beep a tone when keys are pressed but it is available for those needing it. The phone's appearance is attractive and I think it is a perfect size in the hand and find that the speaker for listening and the transmitter for picking up your voice are situated so that listening and talking are natural when holding the phone to your ear. I don't use the FM radio but it is available for anyone wanting it. It's controls are on the left-side of the handset below the separate volume controls.Finally, I cannot overemphasize the superior service I've received from the folks at Snapfon. I've both called and emailed them and they were prompt, extremely helpful, and pleasant to deal with. It is obvious from speaking with them that they want to provide a superior product and are willing to help the customer in any way they can to ensure he or she knows how to use the phone and gets set up and going as quickly as possible. For those needing a service provider such as myself, they were very helpful in explaining PureTalk, the third-party service provider they use. This even included assisting me with getting my old cell number ported over to PureTalk. Since the Snapfon ez One is an unlocked GSM phone, those with existing service with GSM providers ATT or T-Mobile will not need PureTalk and can simply place their existing phone's SIM card into their Snapfon. As with everything else about this phone, the instructions for installing the SIM card and the battery are explained in a simple and easy to follow fashion.I really can't find any fault with this phone and I strongly recommend anyone needing a GSM phone with a simple interface, large keys, and excellent volume to purchase it.

I got this product for my mom, who's having both visibility and dexterity problems.  The phone was a great improvement over her previous one, and there was no trouble at all just slipping the sim card right in there.  It's a solid little phone, doesn't feel flimsy or delicate.  Phone-book is an excellent feature, along with easy to use speed dials.  This is definitely a good phone for those with usability constraints.

This seems to be a solid phone that would be very useful for anyone with partial or low vision who can still see numbers or for anyone who needs a larger, simpler keypad. As a legally blind person, I was quite pleased with the clarity of the visual layout of the phone. The emergency button also seems to be a helpful feature for anyone. Unfortunately, I had to return the phone as I had bought it for use while traveling outside the US. After communicating with SnapFon's customer service, I learned that the bandwidth wasn't a match for my travel destination. Their customer service agent was very polite and helpful. I would definitely buy this phone if they come out with a version that works for overseas travel.

Benefits:-huge numbers-different bands, allowing purchaser to select the provider-flash light-emergency number-LOUD ring tone and key tone.Drawbacks-screen is very small, can't see all the numbers dialed.-feels flimsy, don't think it will survive even one drop.-keys also feel flimsy-nearly impossible to text, given the small screen and confusing menu to reply or write messages.-numbers only make a loud obnoxious sound, doesn't sound out the number-can't turn to vibrate mode quickly, have to go through menu requiring more than 3 steps-impractical.

I got this phone for my father.  The phone is simple enough but could be simpler as far as usage.  The ease of use for someone who is elderly is just ok, honestly if they don't already know how to use a cell phone (access address book etc) this phone is not that intuitive.  The worst though is when you call the phone.  My dad can hear me, but to me he sounds like he's talking into a tin can underwater.  I haven't found anything else and it took so long for him to get used to this one, therefore I hesitate to replace it.  The emergency button is a great feature, just wish this phone was more user friendly and of a higher quality.

Everthing works as discribed?  The one thing i would add is a way to turn the speaker phone on and off, where it would stay on all the time or off. When you answer the phone the speaker would already be on.Excellent phone for the older people or for some one who only wants a telephone without all the fancy add ons.I think Amazon is a excellent place to purchase this phone and just about any thing you need.  Always very fast shipping and excellent service.Think you Amazon!

This is a great phone for seniors, and non-seniors, who want LARGE buttons that even talk back to you when pressed! I inserted the sim card, and charged the battery for six hours, and the phone was ready to go. Also, the phone has ALL the usual conveniences of large number storage, clock and date, and battery usage bars, etc. And it has extra amplification if you need that. But it is the Ease of Use, and large talking buttons, that sets this phone apart. I highly recommend it.

The concept for this phone (Snapfon ez one) is great, large lighted buttons made especially for seniors.  The major problem is that operates on the 900/1800 band, at least the one that was shipped by snapfon operated on those frequencies.  In the USA all carriers are required to operate on the 850/1900 bands and hence this phone is USELESS.  I think it is unscrupulous for snapfon to ship this phone knowing fully well that it will NOT work.  Save your money, or get the QUAD BAND version of this phone.Oh yes, the text message and radio we can do without ....

Great seller.  Got just what I bought and got it quickly.  I would have liked a manual to have come with the phone but all information was accessed very easily online.

My mother received the phone and was happy with the size of the buttons and ease of use. However, she has severe hearing loss and wears hearing aids in both ears.  While she could hear voices she was unable to distinquish clearly what was being said. We may have to get an amplified phone or something specifically designed to work with hearing aids.

After having brain surgery and whole brain radiation, my wife has difficulty with things with small keys, complex menus or key sequences.  I was looking for a phone that she could more easily use, but most cell phones are just are too complex or have too small a keyboard for her.Then I found this phone.What I like:Large illuminated keysNumber is spoken as you press keysEasy to navigate phone bookPanic buttonUses easy to obtain battery / chargerCall quality / sound level is goodWhat I didn't like:Case is very smooth and may slip out of hand ( I may add a 'skin' to reduce the slipperiness)Overall impression:Nice litte phone for someone that has trouble with using a regular cell phone - and it has a panic button!

If you are looking for an UNLOCKED cellphone for an elderly parent with big buttons and easy to read display, this phone is a definite choice.  It's a little lite in weight and it feels a little flimsy, but overall it's a nice easy to use little phone that isn't going to cost you an arm and a leg to purchase.  It recognized my extra Pay-As-You-Go AT&T SIM card without any issues.

This phone is for use by my 100-year-old mother-in-law.  She is moving from an apartment to assisted care and needs her own phone.  She has(progressive blindness) and this phone works very well for her.  The audio feature for the keys helps confirm which number, or speed dial, that she is calling.  The large keys are easy for her to feel  The various features are easy to set up and the online manual was quite useful, printable, savable, and easier for others to read. The U.S. supplier website is, unfortunately, still "under construction". Also, there are accessories that apparently aren't yet available in the U.S.We found this phone also available from others, including the European supplier, and from U.S. National Geographic/Cellular Abroad, at higher prices.This phone was shipped directly to my sister-in-law.  She took it to AT&T; where they provided a new telephone number, installed a GSM SIM card, and added it to her family plan account.  The AT&T; associate was very helpful.  He knew about the phone, but this was the first one he had seen. (The phone can also be used on T-Mobile in the U.S.) She said the rest of the setup was easy and intuitive. The therapists, nurses, and management at the assisted-care facility all love this phone.  They all want the Amazon website info, etc.There have been some concerns voiced about the plastic case.  According to information obtained from European sites the case is thin but made from a "high impact" plastic.  You see "roll-on" suitcases around airports made from this material.  It is thin and flexible but does not break or shatter easily.  It will, however, scuff or scratch if mishandled.We think that this was an excellent buy and my wife already says that she wants one.

My elderly father absolutely loves his Snapfon!  Now he can dial all numbers easily once again, without misdialing due to very small keypads of current cell phones.  His stored contacts are readily found with just one scrolling push of the top arrow key.  The ringer is loud, the numbers large and easily seen, and he does not have to fumble with opening a flip phone.  I searched all cell carriers, specialty stores, and the internet trying to find a phone he could use with our current plan to no avail.  Finally I found Snapfon  - it is senior friendly, and even has one touch dialing for eight numbers.  Way to go!!!

I purchased this phone for my older parents.  It the past my mom would try to use a cell phone, but could never quite get it.  My Dad would not even look at a cell phone.  This phone has large buttons and looks a lot like the house phone.  Very simple to use and both parents are using it.  The SOS button on the back helps give me piece of mind because it could be pressed by anyone and it will call/text the 5 numbers programmed in.  I also like the fact that you can use it with different phone services and I didn't have to renew my contract with AT&T to get this.

I purchased this for my father who is 77 years old.  I selected it because of the large keys and screen and minimal features, so he wouldn't be confused.  From the day he got the phone, he always complained about it.  The phone wouldn't ring when he was getting a call (he lives in a 5 bar AT&T area).  The phone would freeze and the only way to restore it would be to remove the battery.  He would complain about voice quality issues.  Maybe it was this particular phone, but we decided to return it.

I bought this for my husband who is not into anything electronic.  He can fix a car, older ones, but doesn't get the phones or disc players.  I think he will have this for sometime to come as long as it does last.  He likes the big numbers and I have all important people on the fast dial with a list made for him.

This phone arrived quickly, and presented exactly as advertised.  This is the fourth phone I have purchased in the last nine months,trying to find something for my 91 year old mother that she could actually use.  She suffers from macular degneration and severe hearing loss....so just getting a phone she could hear ring and manage to dial at all has been a godsend.  The earpiece volume is loud enough to allow her to use the phone without having to remove her hearing aids.  All she has to do is hold the phone about a quarter inch from her ear and there is no feedback.  I think this is the phone we have been looking for all along.

For some time my wife had intended to look into elder-friendly cell phones; particularly one she'd heard about with a built-in panic button. When the need arose for her Mother to change phone and emergency alert arrangements, we decided to go ahead and give a cell phone a try. Our research led us to the Snapfon ez ONE.Mom's 91, wears hearing aids and has always been technically challenged, so we were a tad anxious over how she'd fare with her very first cell phone.  Amazingly, our fears were unfounded as, after some 6 weeks use, she's actually come to like her new Snapfon and is burning minutes like a seasoned veteran!!  Also, she's able to use the phone without removing her hearing aids or switching to speakerphone.It's very loud (like we hoped it would be) and basic (a must). The large numbers and spoken-word dialing are welcome features and I haven't heard whether she's had occasion to use the flashlight, but too bad our phones don't have that.The SOS button, the main attraction for us, works nicely. Pressed for 5 seconds, the phone sounds an English ambulance-style alert while simultaneously sending text messages to user- programmed emergency call numbers. After (and possibly during) the transmission of emergency text messages, the phone then begins dialing up those same emergency numbers in order till there's an answer, for which the Snapfon ezONE will automatically be in speakerphone mode. When testing, remember the text messages go out first, so be sure to give the phone time to initiate the dial-up sequence.We would surely recommend this phone for it's ease of use and the added sense of security the SOS button provides, but the most amazing part of our Snapfon experience has to do with customer service. We had a problem understanding the above-mentioned SOS button operation and found it necessary to call customer service for help. It doesn't take long on the phone to realize you're in the care of genuinely concerned professionals who are patient and determined to do whatever it takes to have all the bases covered. My hat's off to the wonderful folks at Visikey and if quality customer care is important to you, you won't find a better outfit to do business with.

The first phone I ordered had a sticky button which wouldn't be a problem if I wanted the phone for myself, but I was afraid it would confuse my elderly mom if the the button was stuck and needed to be pushed gently to unstick. I returned the phone, and got another one with no hassle.  I LOVE this phone.  So simple, anyone could use it.

Muy buen aparato. Muy recomendado para personas con vision limitada o para adultos con presbicia. Lo unico negativo es que no tiene la opcion de contestar con cualquier tecla.

Great display - large font size.  Easily accessible functions including FM radio.  The large orange emergency button is really good - can be programmed to call more than one number!

This is a great phone for seniors. I bought it for my mom. But I will have to echo some of the other reviews. Take the radio out and the texting. All my mom needs is a basic large button phone with no frills. She has a hard time seeing and loves to press buttons even if they are the wrong ones. So far she has not really used it but I have it on a lanyard so if she goes out she can hang it around her neck.Hopefully Snapfon will come out with a more basic model for seniors.

I purchased this for my mother.  The customer service is lousy.  They don't work on weekends.  You cannot edit or make payments on line.  You have to call in to change credit card info.  It took them 3 days to activate my new credit card.  A Month later the phone stopped working because their system did not save the new credit card so now the phone is disconnected again even though I updated it a month ago.  It's a Saturday so, We have to wait till Monday for them to resolve.  Their web site is useless.  I have NEVER heard of not being able to see you billing on line or make changes to billing.  They only open 5 days a week and its not 24.The worst customer service EVER

Love the big buttons, big screen. As others have noted, the fact that it is not a flip phone means that when you take it somewhere you are constantly bumping the buttons. Of course, you can "lock" the keyboard, but there is so little resistance in the locking switch, it simply moves to "locked" and "unlocked" with gravity. Any attempt to carry it, even in a shirt pocket, results in it being locked/unlocked or calls dialed, with no input by the owner.Almost one year later: I will never buy another. It mostly works as promised, but the tactile features and mechanical operation are very poor. Specifically, it cannot be carried in a pocket (including shirt pockets) because the smallest physical contact "locks" the phone or activates the keyboard buttons (even if carried in the provided "case"). A clamshell design would solve some of these problems. It lacks even the most basic internal functions. For example, you cannot block outgoing caller ID with a setting change (something that even my $29 Target phones will do) and all other methods of blocking outgoing caller ID have been unsuccessful.

Just received the phone.  I have purchased a pay as you go plan.  Easy set up.  Love that is has a large slide on the side to lock the phone, also has a flash light.  Interesting feature is the number voice, this allows the user to hear what is being dialed, will come in handy for someone who can not see as well.  Large buttons are a plus, but needs the lock kept on or it will dial with little pressure.  Good phone for the elderly.

You don't have to be an aging baby boomer to appreciate decent sized keys -- anyone with fingers thicker than pencil points should like this phone.  I bought this as a gift for a technophobe; she is also an aging baby boomer, but the technophobia was the main issue -- I was looking for simplicity of operation.  Now I'm thinking that the snapfone would suit me as well.  For years cell phone providers have given us cell phone systems that included a confusing cluster of frivolous features, along with overly expensive and restrictive contracts.  Apparently the dazzle of features was supposed to obscure the fact that the phones were often only minimally competent at their basic telephone function.  The snapfone seems to go a long way toward addressing these complaints.  No contracts, reasonable pay-as-you-go prices, easy to use, and, so far, reliable phone service.

I am 62 and  searched for a simple easy to use cell phone and bought this one about a month ago. I think it is simpler than most, but I would like to see improvement. I hope with their next model that Snapfon will do the following.1---Leave the Radio and ear plugs off. It is so cheap as to be useless, but we don't want a radio anyway. We want the best and simplest way to talk.2---Leave off the alarm and calculator. We don't want that either. We would prefer to use our own alarm clock and calculator. Instead of these features use those 2 buttons to simplify the menu.3---Turn this into a flip type phone for 2 reasons. When we carry it around our neck or in a pocket, it keeps hitting something and activating. Yes we can turn the number off and on, but we can't remember to do that. It is just one more unnecessary thing we don't need to have to do. The second reason for the flip phone would be so that when we are talking we have a phone that feels more like the phone we have had all our lives. One that reaches from the ear to the mouth. Then we wouldn't feel like we were talking to thin air instead of a person. Also I think a very large microphone could be put in the flip--ear part of the phone for better hearing.I also suggest leaving the text feature off this phone. We DO NOT TEXT----and we don't even want to receive a text. This would also simplify the phone.Last----simply as much as possible the menu for the things that are left.I love the big buttons, and the lighted screen. With the above suggested improvements, I believe it could be the best cell phone on the market for seniors and other people who love SIMPLE EASY to USE.Thanks and I hope to see a new improved model soon.

My grandmother had been using an older Samsung-brand flip phone and she needed help finding a new battery, and asked me for help. I suggested that she might try a different phone, since her vision and hearing is deteriorating, along with her fine motor skills. She wanted an iPhone to replace her current phone (!!!) so she could check her stocks anywhere she was. (Nevermind that she probably hasn't seriously looked at her investments in years, and can barely do it through her computer...) I talked her out of it and we decided to give this phone a try.It works wonderfully. The buttons are big and easy to press, the sound is loud (even on the lowest setting, it's more than loud enough for me to hear, and at the highest, it can probably be used as a military weapon), and it's easy to use. The flashlight is bright and works in a pinch. There are very few ringtones, it doesn't seem to set the date and time through the cellular network, and the FM radio is a bit flaky. These are minor complaints, though, and for daily use, 99% of the time the Snapfone ez ONE is fantastic for the mature people in your life.

I don't know why it is beyond the comprehension of larger cell phone companies that the elderly need special phones.  My sister found this for my mom so we tried it.  We are keeping it because mom insists it is better than her phone from T mobile. It is but only marginally.  The keys are larger, good.  there is slightly more volume, good.  But it is bigger, smaller screen ( understand that to mean harder to see) and not a flip phone ( which means more keys are hit unintentionally).  You don't have to set the emergency dialing button so for hands that might hit that accidently just don't set it.

Great phone and great customer service.  It lives up to all the claims.  I am 77 years old and live alone.  I am pretty tech savvy however, but my previous cell phones were hard to read and who needs all those extras?  I particularly like the SOS feature.  Highly recommend it.  Even my baby boomer son wants one.

We SO agree with another reviewer that this phone needs to be as simple as possible.  My mom thought she'd be able to see the big, lighted numbers but had to rely a lot on touch.  The keys are so flat nothing helped her make them out.  Make the keys even bigger than they are by leaving out the radio and ear plugs, alarm & calculator--a low vision person can't use that small a calculator anyway!  They're doing well to see the time, let alone set the alarm. Leave off ANYTHING that will enable you to make the keys more touch and sight friendly.  Maybe make the keys textured, some raised edges or something to be able to feel them better!Definitely make this a flip phone that turns on when opened and off when shut.  The tiny lock on the side is impossible to see and difficult for an elderly person to operate!We too think the text feature is absolutely worthless for the sight impaired!  duh!It is the best low vision phone we've found but the above problems find us leaving the phone its box and trying to get by with the old flip phone--receiving calls but not being able to dial out, which is what we'd hoped to accomplish with the flip phone.  Good try!

We have only had this phone for a very short time .  It was very easy to program and seems to be a very good phone. The one issue I do have is the programing of the SOS  button, it will accept five numbers but, if an answering machine answers it will not call any of the other four numbers.Everyone has a answer service or machine so we had to program this SOS button for 911 service only because of this issue..................................................................

I was looking to buy a phone for my mother for emergency purposes only. Where I got it I couldn't make calls or receive. They blamed me where I lived(apartment building in nyc)why the phone couldn't place calls.  Here is my review short and simple. This phone is worthless and doesn't work well in high populated areas like a city. Tech support consist of 2 people. Tech support told me since the snapfone is a 2G device, it does not place calls because it shares the same network as other cell phone users and carriers, to try in places where I am away of other cellphones. Tech support gave up on me and told me to return the item. Its been a week and no refund. By the way I would like to add I did not buy this item in amazon. I bought the item in the official website. I wrote this reveiew to warn people not to buy this device. If you live in nyc like me, where everyone owns a cellphone. This phone is worthless. DO NOT BUY !!!!

For years I've fought with tiny buttons, dimly lit keyboards and displays, and a phone I can neither hear ring, or hear to use.  My Snapfon arrived this morning - today is Saturday - ordered it on Sunday - it probably actually arrived yesterday so Amazon's shipping was great.  I love the phone.  I love the phone.  Why?  because I can hear it ring - I can see what is on the display, and I can hear when I use it.  No camera!  No back scratcher!  No anything but a phone that works - that's what I ordered and that's what I got - I'm tickled to death with my new phone.

I love this phone.  I use it as a back-up for my AT&T and my pre-paid T-mobile phone.  Both sim cards work in the Snapfon.  I especially love the siren button on the back.  I use it as a personal alarm when I take my walks.  The flashlight is awesome and I love the FM radio.  I have a hearing loss and the extra volume is wonderful.  It's not a smartphone but its a great safety and back-up phone.

I ordered this phone for my parents (both are 80) after trying many cell phones for them.  The volume is good and they no longer miss calls because they can't hear the ringing.  They love the feature that announces the numbers as you dial.The screen is easier for them to see and Mom says this is the first time she can use the cell phone as a watch.I would have rated this product five stars except for the address book functionality.  Even if you have someone in your address book, when they call it still shows the number instead of displaying the name.Also, there is no easy way to add a caller to your address book.  When a call comes in and you want to keep the number with a name, it would be nice if the phone would ask you and then take you to the add screen.Another feature that is needed for seniors is a message that displays when they have accidentally turned the ringer off.  My parents have done this a number of times and do not realize it.  They also have issues dialing the phone unintentionally - a clam shell design  would be an improvement.All in all we are happy with the phone - the quality seems good.  I cannot speak to the reliability yet as we have only had it a couple of weeks.

Great phone... I have Low vision now I can see and use my phone. Simple and easy to use. Just put your sims card in and away you go... No 2year added contract with ATT needed.
