
TERRIBLE standby time of 2 days with the phone sitting on my desk not being used.  This is roughly 542 hours short of the "up to" 580 as advertised.

Planning a trip to Italy and wanted to have a phone while there; but also wanted a back up for my GSM service in the USA. This is a GREAT inexpensive phone. It's just a phone; no fancy items. For me, it's also a back up phone "just in case" something happens to my GSM phone.Having it unlocked is also perfect as once I get to Italy, I purchase a local GSM SIM card and I have a Europe phone number.Update: I had to replace my original one as I washed it. The second one was ordered and has room for two SIM cards! Twice as nice at the same price. Upping to five starts.

Product worked well with the stated features.The manual is badly written but if oneis familiar with cellphones it's not a problemto operate without instructions.It has an annoying power up soundwhich can't seem to be turned off.It worked reliably without any problems in Hong Kongand Macau.

I like the phone. But, the instructions are hard to understand. The instructions were written by someone who had English as a second language.

Just bought this for a trip to the UK. We'll see how it does as a phone, but the external storage seems to be MicroSD only. It does not accept MicroSDHC cards, so you're limited to 2 GB. You cannot use a larger card.

What works?+Phone calls, good call quality+Battery life & Stand byWhat doesn't?-Impossible to use software, basic actions take several steps.- No English auto dictionary.- Horrible Keypad.- Flash light doesn't have a menu to activate

I bought this for my mom who is staying in Ecuador for a few months, and it's worked fine here in Quito. You can use 2 different SIM cards which could be handy.

I took this on a trip to the UK.  I bought a 10 pound pay as you go international sim card from O2.  I paid 2p a minute to call home to NC, which is about 3 cents a minute.  it was a great deal.

Bought the phone for a trip to Costa Rica.  Got a Costa Rica SIMS card for it when I landed at airport. Activated it and all seemed well.  But call reception was quirky...even in metro areas.  Sometimes I would get a call through and sometimes not.  Checked with local service provider and they couldn't find a problem with SIMS or activation.  (I did get calls and make calls).  Problem was it wouldn't always find a signal even when I was in the middle of a town with good cell service.  So I returned it.  Friends in Costa Rica told me that the problem had to be my phone because even with spotty cell service around country, they never had as many problems as I seemed to have.  Phone is loaded with features and size is nice.  Documentation with it was so-so, quickstart menu was very basic.  User manual was lacking adequate description of certain menu features.  When it worked it was good but working 50% of the time isn't good. So I sent it back.

I bought this phone to use with pre-paid SIM cards while studying abroad in Europe. For making calls, the phone works great. My main gripe is that there is no predictive text feature for English (for Spanish and French there is). It makes using SMS messages as a means of communication a bit cumbersome. Given the price, I think this phone would be great for those using it while travelling, as opposed to day to day use.

I bought this phone because I will travel over sea and need to use different band than USA. The deliver was reasonale and the product box is very good. This phone has 4 bands frequency, FM radio, MP3 player and a LED flash light, quite a few features. Based on thses features, it is supposed a 5 stars. However the phone is very plastic and light like a piece of paper. It's not easy to take the back and it's so thin and I'm afraid to break it. The worst part of this phone is its ear bud connector. It's NOT a regular 3.5mm audio connector, it's a mini usb connector and the ear bud is so low quality and maybe worth 50 cents. It's a bad design and bad made product. Based on the price, it's a 2 stars. I don't recomand the product.

I purchased this phone at the end of Dec 2011, for a trip to Italy in Spring 2012. At first glance the phone although very light it  seem adequate, it comes with a charger, battery and headphones, which made it seem a great buy  for the $$.  I stored in its original box, and recently took it out to charge an prepare for trip. the phone has a major flaw the back cover is very thin and the side tabs to lock it are very frail. After installing the battery it's impossible to put the back cover and lock the phone, it seems the battery is a bit thick for the phone. At this point I can't return it, that's my fault for not trying to charge it sooner. But I don't recommend this phone, probably better off to buy a phone at your destination.11/2012 The battery that came with the phone was defective and "swollen" that's why the phone wouldn't lock. I bought a replacement battery which was almost as expensive as the phone itself, but at least the phone works, but I still don't recommended it.

Went to Europe, charged the phone, and bought a SIM card for the phone. It never even turned on. This phone is junk. Buy from a company that makes better quality products.

I bought this phone to use on a trip to Italy.  I purchased a SIM card at the airport in Rome but when I tried to use the phone, there was no charge.  I then plugged it in again and it was charging but the battery did not hold a charge.  I took the phone to a vidafone store and they said that the battery doesn't work in Italy and I could purchase a new battery that would cost as much as the phone cost me.  So, if I kept it plugged into an outlet it worked but for some reason the battery does not charge here.  I have been in Italy for 3 weeks so far and I decided to just use  a Skype phone number and forego the phone.  I'm very disappointed.  I don't know if anyone else has had this problem.10-18-11  I have now been in Italy for 7 weeks and I have found someone who lives here and was able to charge my phone using their Italian charger.  For some reason, the charger that came with the phone, not the battery, is the problem.  I have used the adapter and the converter for Italian usage with the charger and neither work.  My camera, iPad and GPS all work here by charging them using the adaptor for Italy.  I don't know if it is a defect with the charger, but I would like to hear from anyone else who bought one of these phones for use in Italy.  i am now on the look out for a new charger.

I travel to the Bahamas frequently, and purchased this phone to avoid the high per minute rate charged on my regular cell phone.  The Blu Deejay is great.....does everything but the dishes.  It is small and lightweight which I appreciate.  The reception is clear and worked just fine abroad.  I rate this cutie a 5 star product. I would definitely recommend this phone for occasional travel.

I had bought this phone because it has four GSM bands and I wanted to travel abroad. While the T200 Dejay works well overall, you cannot unlock the keyboard, at least not with the keys indicated. I have tried others with no success. So you take out the battery and restart it and disable the 'lock keyboard' feature. I have written concerning this problem to the manufacturer and to two forums. Either no one knows what else to do or no one cares. I won't buy any more off brand phone. BLU has not been on the market for very long, at least not in the States. Amazon suggested that I return the phone since I am under warranty with them. But I do not want to incur the risk the same will happen with a new phone.

BLU T200 is a basic cell - as it is per its specifications.Works fine so far, the battery stays live for 4-5 days - it is about 60% longer comparing to other cells I had. The only disappointing fact is - there was no car charger in the box - actually there was no description what to expect in the box.

Do not hesitate to buy the blu , the battery is just great , i went to paris for 10 days n i had to charge it one time only.its great to have a basic phone like the old days ,i love it and i will buy it again if i have to.wgain , do not waste ur time shopping for a phone ,get the blu

The phone worked while in Europe....just OK thought....nothing special.  For the price, not a bad deal for seldom used phone.

We bought this phone to use in Italy and Ireland. We had no problems with it at all. The phone is small and light-weight which I liked but because of that the buttons were a little small and it was a bit of a challenge to text. I could only get it to text in Spanish using the smart text, so I had to text old school in English or Italian.One review I read said that they couldn't get the SIM card to work. There is a little metal strip that the SIM has to slide under to get it to work. It won't work if you just place it over the strip. The strip is small and I had to work to get the card in.For the money the phone was great. We also used the alarm feature a couple of times to catch flights. I highly recommend the phone and will take it with me next time I go too.

Couldn't use the flash light and the video because there were no instructions. Very disappointed.I do not wish to recommend it to anyone unless there are improvements in your manual and descriptions on how one can operate the phone.

I BOUGHT IT FOR MY TRIP BUT IT DID NOT WORKED AT ALL CAUSE ME SO STRESSFUL OF LOST PHONE CARD COULD NOT USE WITH IT. I DID MISTAKE BUY THIS PHONE AND TRUSTED COMMENT OF CUSTOMER BUT TOTALLY IT WAS NOT WORKING AT ALL.

I got this and shook my head, it looked like a kid's toy. I did not use it, so I can not comment on it's performance.

The phone worked great in Peru. We arrived at the airport in Lima and purchased a SIM card from a local carrier in the baggage area of the airport for $9.99. We called back to the U.S. a few times with no problem. Since the phone will work anywhere in the world, we look forward to using it again. This phone will save us the cost of renting a phone everytime we travel.

Have used this phone in Italy, UK and South America.  Just pop in a Sim card and top up with minutes and it works just fine. Have not used MP3 player,  and see no reason why you would want this

I purchased this phone to use on a vacation in Europe, and it worked perfectly. I was able to buy SIM cards in two different countries and use them to make calls back to the US with no problems. Using a SIM card gave us a rate to the US of about 9 cents a minute, which was a bargain considering the roaming charges of $1.99/minute that we got hit with while traveling in the Caribbean earlier this year.It is a very basic phone - you can make calls on it and that's pretty much it - so don't expect to be able to get online or do anything fancy. But the battery life is impressive (with a full charge, I got almost a full week out of it at full bars when making calls just a couple times a day) and the reception was just fine.It's the perfect option for people who are traveling overseas (to Europe at least - I can't comment on other regions) and need to stay in touch but don't need anything more than basic voice calls.

the phone arrived on time. The product was exactly as it description,  excellent quality, nice and convenient to me. the phone is easy to use.

This compact phone arrived on time and has functioned as promised.  We are using it only for voice conversations, so none of the other features are tested.  My daughter has this in New Zealand during a study abroad semester.  Calls to and from the US are easy and call clarity is very good. No problems with connectivity in Auckland.  The web site to add minutes to the Telestial SIMM worked perfectly. This is still fairly new to us, so the durability of the phone is undemonstrated.  Never could exactly figure out the different price structure for calls to or from New Zealand but the cost is not prohibitive and appears to be much less than several competitors.  The website for determining this in advance is not quite as clear as it could be.  Nonetheless, I have had no surprises so far.  I need another phone for my son traveling to the UK.  I will by this product again.UpdateSure enough, I bought a second phone just like the first.  Both in use in New Zealand now and both functioning well.  My daughter has put about three weeks of continuous "on" time and 100 minutes of talk time on her phone before the first recharge was necessary.  Better than I expected.  There is an annoying time lag between the two people speaking that sometimes disrupts conversation, but I would be surprised if that is not a common problem between all carriers and equipment.  A good product, it seems.

BLU T200 DeejayBLU T200 Deejay Unlocked Quad-Band GSM Phone with FM radio, MP3 Player, Flashlight and microSD slot--International Version with Warranty (Blue)phone was of extremely poor quality.  Very poor reception, lot of problems and worthlrss manual.  I got what I paid for a CHEAP and thus a worthless phone.

Leaving for Africa in a week and a half, needed a quad-band unlocked phone for travel.Wasted my money on this one, it couldn't hold a charge after the 24 hours charging it recommends for initial use...or 36 or 48 hours...REALLY cheaply made, the buttons seem like they will fall inward if you push them too hard (like there's foam behind them or something). So if you're buying for travel, $34.99 is a great price for a phone but it's a HORRIBLE price for a waste of time. mnMad and now need to go shopping again, which I hate.

I was hesitant to buy this due to some of the negative reviews but I needed a simple unlocked GSM phone while I was in Europe.It was easy to set up and use. Slots for 2 SIM cards allowed for separate phone nbrs in different countries (nice feature). Reception, call quality, speaker and ring volume were fine. The screen and keypad buttons are small so it's not great for typing text messages.The keypad needs to be unlocked each time before use meaning no "pocket dialing". Battery life was outstanding: close to a week on a single charge. The battery icon on the screen however is small and difficult to read. I never did use the flashlight so I don't know if it works.It's a good phone for what it is: basic, cheap and reliable

BLU T200 is function packed unit, the cons are: buttons are too s-m-a-l-l!  Inputing contact #s were too fast pace, no pause were allowed.  Had no choice but returned the phone.

Cheap quality but the phone itself works fine. Its been working since a year not bad for the price paid.

Bought this "unlocked" phone for a trip to Sweden.  It arrived just in time and worked great while we were there.

This is a very inexpensive phone but it does do the job if you want a basic phone that you can use while traveling. I travel to Sweden from the USA on a regular basis and now I don't need to bring two phones, When I get to Arlanda I can just take out my T-mobile Sim and pop in my Telenor one and I'm good to go. I like that you can charge it from a standard USB mini plug which allows me to charge it with the same charger I use for my GPS. I wish you could access the memory card directly from the USB port but if you want to add some files you've got to remove the card to access it with a computer. I also wish the MP3 player would show the folders. Instead it just places all the MP3 files in one list. The manual is hard to read with the small print and the binding makes it hard to see the whole page. This lead me to cut off the binding and scan the manual to a pdf file (the manufacturer website did not have the manual). The manual it not much help though, it doesn't even tell you how to turn on the flashlight (hold down the select button when at the main screen). As another reviewer commented, the ear buds are junk and they plug into the mini usb port you use to charge it so you can't just substitute quality ear buds. I worked around this by cutting the buds off the cord and replacing them with a female 3.5 mm jack. This not only allowed me to use good quality ear buds but also to put a volume control cord between the ear buds and the jack. This was necessary because there is no volume control when you are on the phone and the volume it was set at was too loud with my ear buds. In spite of these weaknesses I still gave it four stars because there were simple workarounds to over come the weaknesses and the phone is very inexpensive for a quad band.

Works well

great little phone just recieved it today. I popped in my tmobile uk sim card and its working fine. Ready for my trip to london.

Without a doubt the best phone for the price. Very user friendly. Very simple to use. Radio receives stations crystal clear. Flashlight works and simple to turn on. I cannot write anything negative about this phone and would be surprised if there is any negative review. A five star phone!

If you are looking for a really simple phone this one is great. It does exactly what it is supposed to no problems. not a lot to say about it as it's just really simple. oh yea it has decent battery life.

My husband and I bought 2.....he is deaf and we need to text while traveling..we have been in Peru for a week and it is great...we can text and i can easily make all the local calls we need to..local sim cards are super cheap

UPDATED REVIEW: I received the missing charger from the manufacturer and figured out the microSD drive does work as the micro card was not fitted properly in the phone. FM radio worked fine and had great sound. Worked fine with a SIM card when tested. Other functions worked fine. Trying to listen to songs on the MP3 player is a bit cumbersome, but the phone is not primarily for that purpose. Decided to keep the phone instead of returning it. It works fine for the purpose of having an operational phone while traveling internationally, and that's the main purpose for purchasing it.OLD REVIEW: I received my phone today, however the charger is missing and was not in the box. Hopefully BLU (the manufacturer will respond to my phone call and email and send me the missing charger).Now I'm wondering if the phone will actually work.I'll update this review if I get a response from BLU customer service (and of course receive the charger) and actually test the phone to see if it works.Stay tuned. Until then, I can only give this product one star.

No problems with phone, only very small, good phone for young people.  Small number pad and screen for older people.  Very compact easy to carry.

I'm from Portugal and I'm staying in the US for three months. To avoid buying a cell phone I will never use again once I leave the US I decided to buy an unlocked quad-band GSM phone I could keep using with any SIM card anywhere in the world includign my own country. I don't care about fancy expensive technologies and all I wanted was a very basic and relatively cheap cell phone. I thought this could be it but unfortunately neither of the two phones I ordered recognized my portuguese SIM card. The phones were returned to Amazon and I was refunded.

It's probably not as good as the zoey or the jenny from the same manufacturer but I loooked at them all.  It works well - tiny size, disappears in the pocket.  Flashlight is very dim compared to others. Haven't used included mini-usb proprietary headphones to listen to radio, nor installed 2gb flash card (micro-sd).  I might still get a Jenny TV eventually.  USB is for charging only so I have to get a memory card to change the ringtone (I hope).  I'll keep this as a gsm spare.

I purchased this phone to use in Costa Rica in Nov, 2011. I charged the phone here in the U.S., arrived there (in Liberia, C.R.), purchased a pay-as-you-go SIM card for $3, and no problems, the phone worked.  Although I had never heard of the BLU brand before, when I went to the shop to buy my phone card (near the Automercado in the Pacifico shopping mall in Playa del Coco) this brand was for sale.It was very easy to use.  I had no problem picking up texts or phone messages.  I did have to refer to the pictures to get the SIM card in properly, but that was my biggest hurdle.  I would highly recommend it for anyone traveling into C.R.  It's an inexpensive alternative to renting a phone [for an astronomical charge of $10 per week plus $1.80 per minute which was what GSM Rent A Cell charged me for my visit in June, 2011].

I have had this phone for 2 months and I can say that it's a great basic phone. It's unlocked, quadband GSM, FM radio, MP3 player, has a microSD slot, color screen, loud, easy to use, and has a very useful flashlight. It's a basic phone so don't expect it to be like an IPHONE. I use it mostly for roaming to send but mostly receive texts messages to/from the Philippines. ( I have a simcard from Philippines that is on roaming.) The battery lasts for a few days sometime even a week since it's mostly texting that I used it for. So if you want a cheap basic phone to use internationally this is the phone to get.

Here's the scenario - a young man from Glasgow is leaving Scotland for 10 weeks to work in a US summer camp. Neither that young man nor his mum (me) have a finger on the telecoms/electronics pulse - said young Scot has a 7-year old bashed and bruised mobile (sorry, cell) phone.  This old cell phone is dual-band and as everyone (except us) knows, that will not work in the US. Mum goes to Amazon and buys this unlocked cell to allow son to use pre-paid US Sim and keep in touch - Amazon ship it without delay to the camp - his verdict - excellent cell-phone, works like a dream.  If you need a basic reliable cell-phone and don't want to shell out a fortune - here's the answer.  It occurs that it would probably be a good bet for a youngster geting a first cell-phone.

Not pleased.  Phone works, yes.  However:-Battery life is about 24 hours max if no calls are made-Micro SD card slot did not work / phone would not recognize card-Phone would not turn-on unless you push and hold the on button for an absurdly long period of time (like 20+ seconds), if at all.  Normally had to pop and reset the battery for it to workBottom line: pony up another $30 bucks and get something with a better reputation.

I used this phone in Vietnam, Taiwan, and Hong Kong (used an international SIM card from Telestial in VN and HK, local SIM card in Taiwan). I wanted a cheap quadband phone that I wouldn't be paranoid about losing, and this fit the bill - it worked perfectly everywhere I went. Battery life was fine; I think I charged it overnight about once every 4-5 days (and I used it every day for ~30 minutes). I didn't use the music functionality. The flashlight was a nice touch during power outages.To address some negative reviews - I really don't understand people who complain about key sizes; the keys on this phone are roughly 2-3 times larger the keys on the phone I use normally. The back is easy to remove (to replace SIM card), but snaps securely into place. As for it being lightweight/flimsy - lightness is a GOOD thing when you're traveling, and the perception that light = flimsy/cheap is a psychological thing. Some consumer electronics (e.g. TV remotes) are intentionally weighted to make them seem more durable/high-end. I'm glad that the makers of this phone didn't do that!

There's nothing special about the features of this phone, but it is a great, cost effective, easy to find space to pack for handset that is perfect for taking on international trips with a multinational SIM card or if you are planning on picking up a local one at the destination.Did use the flashlight once too to find some keys.

Bought this for my business trips to Costa Rica where my US cell phone (CDMA) does not work. Easily sends and receives text messages, and I had good voice coverage anywhere I went in San Jose. I did not need it outside the city, so I cannot confirm coverage in those areas. I bought a SIM card at WalMart for 10,000 colones (~$20), popped it in, and was ready to go. I've also bought SIM cards or reloaded my card at the various malls. This phone is made of plastic, and certainly isn't built like my everyday phone, but for one week every so often, it does the job.

Very easy to use and GSM makes it operable in Australia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka.You can buy the chip at the Air Ports and its ready to go. Phone is made in Brazil.

I think this phone is probably just fine.  But the battery it came with was not good and I was leaving the country too quickly to try to resolve that.  I was able to turn it on with another battery (that wasn't a perfect match), and it seemed quite functional.  I returned it and got a prompt refund.  No problems.  Wish it had worked, but the other BLU phone I tried is working out just fine.  Glad I ordered 2.  At this price it was not hard to afford that, either.

This is a nice little phone for international use, but I have a problem!  What's the PIN to open the phone when you turn it off.  I left the user manual at home and don't have it; it's asking me for a PIN to open the phone.  Anyone have the user manual handy?  I can't find it anywhere online.

This phone is a quad band GSM phone and will work virtually everywhere on the planet with a cellphone signal. I already own a smart phone for use at home and I needed something to make phone calls with while traveling in other countries. This phone has everything that I needed. It has a built in flashlight that I can turn on without hassle when I need it. It also plays mp3 files that can be loaded to the optional micro SD card (2gb max). It comes with clear instructions, a headset, and a charger. The greatest thing about the phone, to me, is that the phone, while it is small(about the length of a deck of cards) it can hold two sim cards simultaneously. This allows you to talk on two different networks with the same phone. That allows me to keep my high dollar phone at home, load a cheap pre-paid sim card from Ma Bell, or that T company here in the USA, and load a pre-paid sim card from my destination at the same time. One phone, two countries, no commitments or contracts. Life is good! Battery life is good. And the traveler friendly charger is rated for 100-240v. All you need is a plug adapter and voila, instant gratification. When and if this phone dies, I'm buying another. Highly recommend!

I actually bought the T210, which is identical to this phone but for the extra sim card slot.I just wanted a pocketable quad-band GSM phone that does well at making and taking calls--nothing else. No texting, no Bookface, no Internet, camera optional. Unfortunately, this phone proved unable to meet this simple requirement. Fortunately, Amazon stood behind its guarantee and gave me a full refund, shipping included.This phone seemd to fit the bill. And with the Amazon $40 credit for opening their credit card, it was free. I really, really wanted it to work. And for almost a week, I learned to accept its many baffling quirks.The one "quirk" I could not accept is that it routinely drops calls when I talk to my dad, who uses a landline in a small town. (It also dropped a call several times to a friend who's on Verizon Wireless, but I chalked that up to a major rainstorm.) Dad noted, when I called him back on my wife's iPhone (also on AT&T;), that the call quality was markedly better. So I'm returning this phone, even though I like its small size and simplicity.PROs:* This phone is TINY. It might be the smallest phone available now. About half an inch longer than a credit card. If you remember the tiny candy-bar phones people were using around 2000, it's just like those. Super light. Very pocketable, but the size means the navigation ring is also tiny.* The speakerphone is loud on my end.* Typical of GSM phones, the battery life is good. The phone lasted just about six days on its first charge, including a couple of long calls and many short ones, plus liberal use of the flashlight.* That flashlight is decently bright and very handy. If you buy this phone, make sure to turn off the keypad lock when you first get the phone. Then hold down the middle button inside the navigation ring to turn on the flashlight.* No camera means less to go wrong.* I like the phone's appearance--solid matte black. It's not slippery at all, yet its rounded corners make it very unobtrusive in the pants pocket.CONs:* Dropped calls. I routinely get a frustrating "no network" warning, even when I'm calling from our house, which is smack inside a major metropolitan area. We have no problems getting AT&T; on other phones. I think this phone's reception problems are due to the phone's lack of any 3G capability, such as EDGE/UMTS/HSDPA, etc. It can't be AT&T;'s network, because my wife's iPhone 3G  does fine (as does my bare-bones Samsung SGH-107 when I'm not in the basement).* Incredibly, there is no instant-hush button to quickly silence the phone if it rings. You can, however, program one of the nav-ring directions to go to User Profiles. And from there, you can go to "silent"--meaning a total of four clicks to shut the thing up. Alternatively, you can press # to put it on vibrate--or turn it off. This is a major omission.* Bad sound quality for those on the other end--at least for some people.* The speakerphone, though loud as can be on my end, left one caller saying there was a weird noise on his end. But other calls on speakerphone have been OK.* The navigation ring is very narrow--so much so that it's clickable only via fingernail.* Keypad buttons are separated only by horizontal creases--no actual grooves, and nothing vertically. So you can't dial by touch. (This does, however, seem like it would prevent crumbs or other gunk from getting under the keypad.) This phone is not for the visually impaired, the arthritic, or the clumsy. Or those with long fingernails.* The icon for signal strength doesn't work on this phone, at least for AT&T.; Maybe that's to be expected, as it's not one of their phones. The battery icon does work, though.* There are only 9 speed dial numbers, and no. 1 is automatically voicemail if you're on AT&T.;* You can't do speed dial via pressing then number and then "send"; the only option is to hold the number down. Similarly, you can't hold down the "send" button to dial the last number called or received, as you can with LG and Samsung phones (and perhaps others). This is very annoying if you're used to doing number plus send.* The call log doesn't separate missed/sent/received calls, instead listing them together, each type with a different icon.* The FM radio works only with earphones (though this is commonly the case).* There is no external volume on the side--you must use the navigation ring's up or down keys during a call.* You can't turn on the speakerphone until a call has been made or received.* I would prefer a generic, old-school, non-musical ringtone. But one of the three included has become strangely pleasing: a fast waltz in a minor key, of all things. The others are like something from a 1997 Belgrade karaoke bar. There isn't a non-musical ringtone, unfortunately.* I hate the wallpaper--purple with some dumb DJ character. Blech. You can't change it unless you download your own wallpaper; this is the only one included on the phone.* There is no voice dialing.* No Bluetooth!* The English manual is a comically bad translation. (Evidently, even Google Translate is banned in China.) It's positively incomprehensible in places. Worse, the page numbers in the table of contents are wrong; that's just lazy. And the SAR is not mentioned anywhere.TIPS:* I almost thought there were no speed dials, because they are for some reason not mentioned in the manual. And they're not where you'd expect them, under Address book. Reach them via Menu/Call Center/General call settings/4--speed dial.* The battery cover is not intuitive, and the manual doesn't tell you how to open it. Use a fingernail to pry open from the end with the slot, and then do the same via the side. (I.e., pry it up but don't try to slide it down.)* The manual tells you to charge the battery for 12 hours the first time; they must be stuck in 1995, because it's a Li-ion battery. There is NO need to do this for Li-ion batteries. (The quickstart menu says to charge it for 24 hours!)* To do anything on the phone, you have to wake it up out of standby first, by pressing any key.* FYI: The languages available on the phone are English, Spanish, and Portuguese. (The founders of Blu are Brazilian.)CONCLUSION:I had thought this phone would be great for a calls-only luddite like me. Alas, it was not. I was even accepting of the phone's many annoying quirks, thinking it was worth it to have a phone that is so small I wouldn't avoid carrying it. It does have some cool features (e.g., the flashlight, FM radio). But there are some unforgivable interface omissions--no silent button? REALLY?--and functions are not mapped intuitively.Most importantly, a phone has to be able to reliably make and take calls. That means not dropping them.BLU Products needs to do some basic user testing before introducing products onto the market. Props to Amazon, though, for standing behind its customers.

Phone worked fine in Panama with a SIM. Now in Italy with a new SIm it defaults to "unlock" and I have to remove the battery to make a call. Cannot receive calls unless I can predict it happening and remove/reinsert the battery at that moment. Deejay website says not to bother them with unlocking issues. I've spent hours surfing for solutions.When the phone says unlock, it gives me the option to press send or #. Neither work. And the security option shows "off" for both SIM and phone lock. It doesn't accept my pin either.Phone is useless at a very inconvenient time when I need to keep in touch with others I'm traveling with, plus verify reservations, etc. Hope no one else who bought this phone is having the same ridiculous problem.

Bought this for international travel through southern Europe. Works great in Italy, Spain, France, and the States.Makes calls, places calls, receives texts, sends texts reliably.Also, it has a built in flashlight function which is kinda nice. I know with smartphones and the like, a built in flashlight doesn't seem like something to brag about, but its quite handy.Anyway, it does exactly what it should without fail. Has a pretty good battery life as well.If you want a cheap unlocked phone, I would definitely recommend this.

This is a basic, no frills, unlocked GSM phone. If all you need is a simple cell phone while traveling abroad, this one will do just fine. Call quality is generally good, and the battery life is also fine.If all you want to do is make/receive calls, you'll do just fine with this phone. (As for the radio function, the radio sounded fine using the included earbuds. I left the radio on after charging the battery, and it took about 2-1/2 days for the battery to die.)

I use an iPhone, but wanted an unlocked quad-band phone to use overseas with various SIM cards to avoid AT&T's roaming charges. I was hesitant to order this, because I had never heard of Blu and there weren't any reviews either here or elsewhere. But the price was right, so I thought I would give it a go. I was very pleased with what I got. The phone works fine. I don't think that it seems badly put together. It's small and lightweight, but that's a good thing. It's low on features, but it does the job if all you want is a no-frills, basic phone. I recommend it for two types of user: (1) For people like me who want an inexpensive second phone for international roaming; (2) for anyone who wants a very inexpensive unlocked phone for domestic uprepaid use and who doesn't need features. Blu emphasizes music in marketing this device. I haven't used it for that and I suspect that most people who buy it won't have that in mind. Caveat: I've only had it a short while and have taken it on one trip, so I can't comment on how it stands up over time.

We got two of these phone along with two Telestial SIM cards to use while we were in Whistler, B.C., Canada and they worked just fine.  Fairly easy to set up and the total cost, including the minutes, is quite reasonable.

My wife and I purchased two BLU T200 phones for use in Chile. We purchased SIM cards from a different company. (You have to get SIM cards, and they don't come with the phone.) The cards were supposed to work in most countries, including Chile. The SIM cards were easy to install and we got the phones to work in the U.S. but could never get them to work in Chile (Santiago). The instructions that came with the SIM cards were confusing and incomplete. So the problem was probably not with the phones themselves, but either something about Chile, or our inability to follow the instructions that came with the SIM cards (and believe, me, we tried everything we could think of, and we were using the correct code for Chile). Other reviews have said that the phones have worked fine in Europe, which I don't doubt. So I think the cautionary note is that if you are going to a non-European country, try to find out information about cell phone and SIM card use in the country you are going to visit before you actually get there.

Bought this phone on 12/09/11 and had no major problems with the product.[---] Three weeks later the battery can not hold a charge in standby for a day and a half.[The minor issues I had with the phone are the text input, archaic menus, and hardware limitations.][--] When texting must cycle through:Multitap ABCMultitap abcSmart ESP (Spanish)Smart espSmart PN (Portuguese)Smart pnNumerics[-] So when you need to capitalize a letter, have fun hitting asterisk a few times.[-] As for the menus. Their as intuitive as the bar phones from 2003 if I recall.[-] USB is only use for charging and can not connect the 2gb max microSD card to the PC.[+] What I did like about the phone was it's loud and clear speakers. Great sound quality for music as well as speaker phone.

This phone worked fine in the States but when I got to Buenos Aires the first call home was ok, but the next call home a day or so later was horrible - very quiet, missed words during conversation, etc.  Switched carriers and still no improvement.  Tried switching again but it didn't make a difference, so we wound up using my wife's phone.  Tried making a local call a day or so later and it wouldn't connect.  Tried switching carriers but it wouldn't connect to other carriers.  At the airport on the way home, my calls home couldn't be heard by those that I called.  But when we were back in the States the calls were normal again.I'll take it again when we travel internationally but I'm not overly confident.  Could it have been Argentina's network?  Probably but not likely.  I realize that it is a cheap phone but I was looking for a simple phone that had quad band.  So I guess I got what I paid for.  As others mentioned the manual must have been written by someone who has English as a 3rd or 4th language and the UI is simplistic and not very intuitive.All in all I can't recommend this phone.

I just received this phone today, and after playing with it for a day now, I have to say that I'm a bit disappointed. Here are the pros and cons of this phone:PROS:* Really inexpensive, and support quad band and unlocked* With microSD slot which you could use mp3 music (up to 2GB)* Very light weightedCONS:* Looks really cheap, the whole thing made by plastic (even the back cover)* My biggest complaint has to be the keys... really small and very difficult to press* The UI is a bit confusing.. not really well thought out.* The user manual is NOT well written.* The radiation (SAR) level seems to be high (google for it)* NO speaker phone, no bluetooth, just a very basic phoneIt does seem to work OK though. I'm not planning to return it as too much hassle. I hope I had spend a little bit more (maybe another $20 ~ $30) and get a better phone, as the build quality for this phone is really not that great.

I bought this nearly last minute prior to a trip to Italy. I wanted it for use with an Italian SIM card for local calls. It proved to be a great choice with features I haven't yet tried out. No camera but so what?  The phone works well with good voice quality, no dropped calls, no 'fuzzy' reception (when you miss a word or two from someone you're speaking to).  The manual is pretty sparse, so don't expect too much from it.It took me awhile to figure out the volume for the phone was controlled under the menu item: multimedia, then audio player. There are no external volume key buttons. You end up using the # key to increase volume and the * button to reduce volume. The volume without the headset is still kind of weak, but quite acceptable with the headset.For the price I'm very happy with the phone.  I made calls to the states and the quality and volume were very good according to those I called.  Battery life seems very good as well, I charge the phone about once a week with light use.  You can spend more and get more but this is a solid performer.  I'll keep it for my next trip!

I got this phone last week for an upcoming trip to Europe. I plan to purchase a SIM card while there, so I haven't been able to actually talk on this phone yet, although I have looked it over and played with the settings.The design of the phone is very compact and aesthetic. It is much blacker than it looks on the picture - there is no contrast between dark black and greyish black as shown in the picture. Someone mentioned in a review that the buttons are too small - I found that the buttons are actually quite large, especially considering how small the phone is. I can easily push them with my fingers instead of having to use the fingernails.The settings are a little complicated. I'm still trying to figure out what user profiles are, and there are limited number of rings included. The settings seem disorganized and are not very intuitive. Although they sound pleasant, there are no 'traditional' sounding rings. It is more windchime/xylophone sounding rings but since there is an microSD card option and a few empty ring slots, you should be able to upload any ring you like.There was no microSD card included as I thought, and the slot is behind the battery! I thought it was on the side of the phone. That's ok, but wish they would have specified more clearly. The FM radio works nicely and the earbuds are good quality. It has a mini-USB port at the bottom, which is the same one my MP3 player uses, so I can now charge my MP3 player from a wall outlet using this cell phone's cord. The headphones hook into the MINI USB port, so you won't be able to listen to MP3s or radio and charge it at the same time. Another nice feature it has is the option to put a password on it and you can lock both the phone and keypad.The only thing I don't like about the phone so far is that even though I followed the directions from the insert, I could not get the flashlight to turn on. When I hold down the center button, it automatically starts audio record, which is a nice feature, however I bought it specifically for the cool flashlight feature, and hope I will be able to use it for that...Update: I did use this phone during my trip to Norway, and it worked perfectly. It got even better reception in the woods than a local friend's aging Nokia phone. I am very pleased with this product, and will be happy to use it on all future international trips.

This score was chosen for &#34;love&#34; as the color of the product along with its quality make the vendor is qualified in such manner. I recommended to my niece buy a model phone celular and hopefully soon will enter. thanks

Bought this little cell phone for use during a 3 week trip to Belize. It worked well overall and certainly served the purpose! The only "complaint" is that it would never show the signal strength so we often had to guess or move around trying to find a good signal.Getting the SIM card installed and a number assigned took about 10 minutes at the local phone company office near the car rental!Voice call quality was fine. Small size was nice. It held the charge really well.Only thing we'd have liked to know before we purchased is an explanation of the warranty info. All the phones say either US or International warranty - but what does that mean? These phones are bought in the US for use internationally ... so I still have no idea which type of warranty would be better.

Nothing fabulous about this phone, but it did the job very well calling the USA from Italy. I was sitting on a balcony while talking to my mom and she was able to hear church bells in the background about 12 blocks away. Battery life is very good - an important feature when you're traveling.  It might be too small for a man's hand, especially if you're going to be texting, but if you're in Italy you really should be relishing the sights, instead.  I didn't use any of the other (sparse) features, but I was too busy looking at stunning art and architecture to be curious about getting music from my phone. There's no camera, but why would you take pictures of the gorgeous sights in Italy with a camera phone, anyway?When I (sadly) got home I put my T-Mobile card in, because I'm not a smart-phone user, but it really is a little too small for an "all-the-time" phone.  The size is perfect for sticking in your pocket or purse for sightseeing, though.

This was to be the ideal phone simple and  long lasting (upto 580 hr stand by said the specification).  I have a dyeing Nokia N-gage QD.  Lasted me over 7 years now and still love it.  But it sometime shut it self off or crashes.  This Blu Deejay phone works great but the battery life is less than desirable.  I was getting little over half a day usage on standby. At first my thought was it might be the battery.  I replaced the battery with my N-gage phone battery which is new and has a higher capacity (1050mAh vs 800mAH)than the stock one.  With the newer battery I was able the achieve almost two days on standby.  My N-gage can go to a week on standby.  I find the Blu Deejay to be useless as a phone due to the weak battery life.  Function wise it is a good phone.  If Blu work on their battery usage I would have given this product a 5 starts rating.  On a side note N-gage battery (BL-6c) is physically bigger so you won't be able to fully close the cover on the Deejay.

My parents took this overseas for a trip to the Middle East and it worked fine for them.  It's a no frills phone and does the job for making calls from overseas (you need to buy a SIM card from the country you're in)

I would reccomend this product to any travelling the World on a vacation.It's useful and reliable,good phoneI love it.

I purchased this telephone to be used in Europe.  The phone is completely useless.I could not make calls out of it.  The people I called could sometimes hear me but I could not hear them.  It constantly locked up, to unlock I had to remove and reinsert the battery.  Oh well, this is what I get for buying a cheap phone.

I used this phone on a recent trip to Italy, Monaco, and Greece.  The phone quality was good and worked well every time I used it. I didn't use anything else on it so can't vouch for other features.  All I needed was a simple phone to keep in touch with folks at home and this was a good, cheap option.

I bought this unlocked mobile phone recently to use with an international sim card for travel in Europe. When it arrived, I was immediately impressed with the simple but attractive styling. It is easy to operate, handle, and set up. It accepts a micro SD card which is necessary if you intend to receive MMS or store music. I placed my AT&T; sim card into it right-a-way and used it for a week to test it out and I was so pleased with performance I considered using it as my full time mobile. The speaker volume is quite sufficient, loud, and clear. The battery lasts a very long time which was impressive. If it had a camera built in I would have given it five stars instead of four.One downside experienced: it does not keep accurate time, even though I have it set up for automatic updating. This is minor as I wear a wrist piece anyways. The user guide is written in unusual English, probably by someone who is not English speaking.In a nut-shell, this simple no-frills mobile phone was a bargain for the price that I paid and it will fill my needs perfectly for travel in Europe. The compact size makes it light and easy to carry in any pocket. Although it is plastic, it is actually more durable than it may first appear.

I bought this phone for my wife and after finally getting the mini-sd card for it I'm relatively impressed.The documentation on the instrument is horrible, but the phone performs well--- as a phone.other features:The mini-sd must be formatted as a VFAT partition and there is some restrictions on the primary folder names... "My Pictures", "My Music"... but after that you can build as many folders as you wish.The photos must be reformatted to a tiny size or the machine will timeout on trying to load them.The media center can build a playlist with all or a subset of your music, and play them randomly selected or in order.The media center controls the volume for all functions (which is sort of silly, but a quick key to media center solves that)This is not a phone for the elitist cellphone user, but is a good starter phone for kids; for a very reasonable price.
