
04/05/2012 UPDATE: I want to do a quick comparison between the Nokia C6-00 and Android phones, specifically Samsung Nexus S by Google. I've been using the Google android phone for the past 11 months and it did EVERYTHING I needed it to do from paying for Starbucks coffee using a Starbucks app so I didn't need to carry my Starbucks card around and accessing multiple MS Exchange accounts to the interface and OS being slick and nimble as well as Google directions/mapping/GPS; the MAJOR downside to smartphones such as Android and others is the fact that they are battery drainers because of the intense use of power for the OS and display especially. I could not last more than 6-8 hours on Android and this is with setting the Display to the lowest brightness at all times which is a pain when outdoors in bright sunlight. That was the ONLY issue with my Android. Anyway, it did everything I needed so I stuck with it. Until recently the sounds stopped working. So I sold it and now I am back with Nokia. The strength of Nokia is the battery lasts a good 14-15 hours on standby (not sure why this Amazon description states 16 days or so, no, 15 hours, so at the end of the day before going to bed, you need to charge it up again for the next day). I can only add ONE MS Exchange email account on Nokia and I also have Gmail installed. The OS is not as slick and fast as Android and there is a "white screen" lag, but you put up with it. The sounds, ringing, call quality and reliability of the Nokia as a PHONE first and foremost is second to none. The Android (Samsung) had low ringing volume even at maximum. Also Sprint service for the Android was weak in my area, so ATT under Nokia was better. The Nokia is a "workhorse" of a phone that is loud (volume, I like!) and does a barely ok job at being a 'smart phone.' I will keep using it for now because of long battery life and I can switch out the SIM card to my flip phone using the same data plan for traveling using a small flip phone, esp. overseas like Europe (ATT only charges $10 month for unlimited data since it is not considered a smart phone versus minimum $30 for smart phone). Will I eventually switch to a smart phone when something I like comes out, YES, of course, the Android experience (except for battery life) did EVERYTHING I needed a smartphone to do (rich apps for banking, Starbucks, etc) and my LIFESTYLE. What will I look for in a smart phone next time? STRONG BATTERY LIFE (EASILY LASTING 15 HOURS ON STANDBY OR BASICALLY WHAT I CALL A 'WHOLE DAY' BEFORE CHARGING AT NIGHT), LOUD RINGER AND VOLUME, 4G CAPABILITY, HANDLE MULTIPLE MS EXCHANGE EMAIL ACCOUNTS.06/20/2011 UPDATE: Bought this phone in September 2010. There is still a slight lag (in the form of a "white screen") in between applications but other than this and the slight heft (weight) to the phone, it is a good sized pull out keyboard phone. For a while the Ovi maps and Ovi store apps did not work, I finally figured out I needed to delete the old files from apps manager and redownload Ovi maps and Ovi store. The trick is it is a Catch 22, you cannot download Ovi maps with Ovi store (the PC sync did not work for me in the first place), and you cannot if Ovi store did not work, I finally went to the browser and searched download ovi store and did it that way and once I go Ovi store working, downloaded Ovi maps and then everything works now. The music was a trick, you need to sync to your PC and copy and paste to the C6 after created a "Music" folder, then in the C6 press music and then library and then "Options" and then refresh the list and then your copied and pasted music will show up, otherwise you will be figuring out why it does not show up after a while, you need to manually refresh the music library!I added somore more apps like a flashlight and games, etc. It is 100% working and a nice little phone. However, my main phone is a Samsung Nexus S 4G from Sprint because it is a PURE GOOGLE experience on android, it is faster and smoother, and because I rely on gmail and Google calendar and Google everything apps, it just works for me. This C6 is a travel phone for me, for example I also have a Motorola Ming A1200 flip phone I used in Europe and the C6 will also be a travel phone for me when I do not need to take my larger Nexus S 4G with me traveling. So the C6 is powered off, all set up, and stored away in my closet until my next travel trip (the last time I took it I went to Idaho and Oregon on business) because the battery life on the C6 lasts a whole day+, the flip phone Ming A1200 was even better, a few days battery. The Nexus S 4G I charge every night and can't beat the apps and user experience on nexus S.Recommendation is 3 stars now from 2 stars. I would recommended it but would advise of the heft and the white screen. Everything works on it though, but with MS Exchange you can only add one email address so I have a MS Exchange address and a Gmail address, which is basically what I need for email.11/1/2010 UPDATE: HAD THIS PHONE FOR A FEW WEEKS NOW, THE "WHITE SCREEN" BETWEEN SWITCHING SCREENS, ETC IS GETTING ANNOYING NOW, FOR $300+ OR SO I PAID FOR THIS PHONE I EXPECT A FASTER PROCESSOR. I AM CHANGING MY STARS FROM 4 TO 2; I WOULD NOT BUY THIS IF I KNEW HOW ANNOYINGLY THIS WHITE SCREEN WOULD BE.I am reviewing Nokia C6 here first since I had time to play with it, I will review the N900 soon in a bit under the N900 product site on Amazon (I reviewed the N900 on 10/13/10 so look for it under my "Kingmonkey" ID). The C6 . . . I couldn't decide between Nokia N900 and C6 (did not want new N8 coming out end of September 2010 since there was no physical keyboard), so I bought both N900 and C6. Phones do not come with a case to hold, which is a disappointment considering how much each phone costs. For some reason Nokia only sells OEM cases for these phones to the European market, if you go to Amazon UK site or Nokia EU site you will see cases made for N900 and C6, so I had to go to Amazon UK site to order an OEM case for N900; the C6 on Nokia EU site has some nice ones but could not find them on Amazon UK and on Nokia EU site I cannot order them online being from the USA as you need to go to a retail location in Europe. Anyway got some generic case (more like a pouch) for the C6 from Amazon UK.The C6 is a nice looking, stylish phone, good size phone, not too thick or long at all, it's fairly small and fits in your shirt pocket if you are a guy. Made of quality materials and feels like a quality product from the weight of the phone and also when you slide the keyboard out, it is stiff and not moving about. The top row keyboard key is a little close to the top half of the phone so when you type your thumb hits the top and gets in the way; not a deal breaker for me as I just learn to adapt. Those with bigger hands (fingers) may find the keyboard a little cramped but I wanted a smaller smart phone compared to the other ones out there such as Samsung Galaxy or Motorola Droid, so it is expected to be smaller overall as that is part of the appeal. Physically that was the only issue, again, Nokia is stylish, smart looking, and as always, love their Nokia ringtone theme. One last thing on the physical side, being a middle of the road phone (between N8 and lower end Nokia phones) it doe snot have al of the bells and whistles hence the lower price. One feature I wish it had, like the more higher end N900, is a camera lens cover, the camera is just exposed to dust, etc; the C6 does come with a factory "screen protector" and since this is a new phone and you can't buy a screen protector just yet I suggest leaving it on to protect the screen, since after I set up the C6, the screen protector is scratched from my use of the phone (normal use with fingers swiping back and forth, mind you, I take care of my nice things, gently putting it down, wrapping it in napkin until my pouch comes in the mail, wash my hands and dry them, no lotion, before I handled my phone), so even with all of this the screen still gets scratched slightly if you look at it at an angle. Anyway will need to buy a screen protector when they are available and hopefully the one that came with it will last.On the software side, the 2GB microsd chip only holds the California map and voice navigation (street names + male voice both for US as two separate files); that's about 2GB total. If you want all of US and other countries, need to buy a 16GB microsd but even with this not sure if it can hold all the maps as you will need to delete some still as some maps are several gigs(I think 16GB additional gigs is the limit the C6 can handle for a microsd card). I don't travel a lot outside of California so it does the job and don't need to buy a bigger sized microsd card for now, I can wait until I need it and by then the microsd card price will go down.The other major issue is I use Google calendar, right now you can use MS exchange to set up google mail, calendar and contacts but it imports ALL of my gmail contacts into my C6 even though I don't actively keep in touch with all of them, I suppose you can choose to update only calendar and gmail and skip the contacts, don't remember if this is an option. The calendar also only updates my main Calendar so others I created, including Holidays calendars, bill due date calendars, etc do NOT get imported. This was a deal breaker for me so I deleted this newly created/added gmail account and all of the contacts and email and calendar got deleted, which is what I wanted and it went back to how it was, being empty. By the way when you import this way, any contacts or information you had in the calendar gets overridden with the new import, so my one contact I created with a photo and all got overridden with the import. I had to reenter it. Anyway my workaround is to use instead of MS Exchange option on Nokia to add Google accounts like gmail and calendar, etc, I used the "Gmail" option via the email icon to set up the email account and it works well. As for Google calendar, there is a Google Mobile site and one bookmark webpage you can set up is for Google Calendar, so for my Internet application I set my default homepage as the Google calendar address so when I want to look at ALL (holidays, bills, color coded too) of my Google calendars I just open up that bookmarked web page homepage and it is there updated in real time by Google. As for the Ovi calendar, don't use it, maybe I'll look at it just to see what day it is every sooften. So I get my Google calendar but via a webpage site, not the Ovi calendar because like I said the MS Exchange way to sync gmail mail and calendar and contacts only gives you the main calendar, no other calendars created as discussed above.I also downloaded OVI software to my PC and the linking between the C6 and Ovi software on my PC works well, this is how you sync the photos, maps, contacts, etc from your PC to the C6, also faster way to update your C6 with software updates since you download them from the PC first and then link your C6 to the PC via a USB cable and the data transfer is faster. Otherwise you would have to do it over airwaves on the C6, which is slower even using 3G but you can connect to wifi if available using the C6.I customized my desktop icons, which is pretty cool, I added a couple rows of frequent contacts, then 3rd row from top Gmail, then a couple row of shortcuts below such as web access, a bookmarked web page, calc, camera, last row has messaging icon, then I downloaded an app for messaging, including google talk, from the Ovi app store by searching for "messaging"--it's called Nimbuzz and with this you choose your account type, Google talk, Yahoo messenger, whatever . . . at first I was lookign and looking for Google Talk app but it does not exist, you have to access Google talk through this 3rd party app Nimbuzz or something else equivalent (it was a free app) and it works perfectly fine. The C6 home screen icons,being Symbian software based, is a bit "cartoonish" when compared to more sophisticated phones like the N900 or Droid icons or Blackberry 9000 Bold, but it's fine and the learning curve is not steep to learn to master the C6 menu and navigation as discussed above.Overall I am happy with the Nokia, good size, small bar type smart phone, good looking, quality materials. The C6 is Symbian based and my N900 is Maemo based so another reason I bought both to compare and see how I like them. C6 works with ATT 3G so since I have an existing ATT SIM card it works great, the N900 I signed up for a T-Mobile individual plan text+web+voice and the N900 3G only works with TMobile 3G, So I am set here; if I used the ATT SIM card the ATT 3G does not work with Nokia N900 and would have to settle for EDGE (non 3G). Email me at darian.chin at gmail dot com if you have questions.

Los Pros: Buen telefono, bastante personalizable, dise&ntilde;o anat&oacute;mico, pueden descargarse muchas aplicaciones para sacar aun mas provecho del equipo, la pantalla tiene buena sensibilidad, la camara es excelente y tambien la calidad del sonido al reproducir musica, el precio es accesible.Los Contras: No trae un instrumento para maniobrar en la pantalla (l&aacute;piz o stylus), a veces se congela cuando se utiliza mas de una aplicacion al mismo tiempo, no muestra las fotos de los contactos cuando se recibe un mensaje de texto y no se puede insertar datos como numeros o datos a un msj de texto sin necesidad de adjuntar o crear una tarjeta de negocios como se hace con el 5300.

The defective phone, just so you can use in two months, I agreed to go back to Amazon and did not accept refund, NOKIA rejected the warranty, the phone very poor quality and without warranty.

Buen tel&eacute;fono, pero les doy un consejo " No le instalen temas adicionales ya que se pondr&aacute; mucho mas lento el sistema operativo " yo lo hice y me paso, lo quite y puse uno de los predeterminados y mejoro mucho la velocidad el touch no es tan r&aacute;pido pero para el precio esta mas que bien el que quiera algo veloz que se vaya por un Iphone 4 o el sucesor de este el Nokia C7. Por ahora estoy conforme con el tel&eacute;fono pero en Venezuela usar Nokia con digitel es un asco.

I thought Nokia was supposed to be top quality, but this phone stopped working six weeks after I bought it. The touch screen locked up completely, and the keypad only allowed limited navigation.  Soft and hard resets and software updates do not fix the problem.  There are tons of complaints about similar issues with this model (apparently Nokia's worst model ever produced) on internet Nokia forums.  Nokia also does not provide any global support.  If you have any issues while travelling internationally, you are out of luck even when a Nokia "Care" center is available.  Worst electronics purchase I have ever made!

What's going on with Nokia?The screen of the phone it's too thin and delicated.It's like a toy.Amazon's service was good.

poor performance, slide failed to work after a month, Phone freezes most of the time, worst touch experience. Dont even consider getting this phone.

I was looking for a phone with smart features but not so smart prices. And I found this one! I simply put my SIM -I live in Argentina- and it worked like charm, being full multiband. The GPS is very precise when conditions are favorable (needs open space and clear views), the camera is simply great, the sound is awesome, and it's very easy to be connected -wi-fi, network, bluetooth.The UI is not so intuitive, but I know there are dozens of third-party add ons to fit every taste. Just started to scratch this baby potential!

excelent product, feels nice a confortable... nice materials and construction. Good Camera quality.Great choice for price

After searching for an unlocked cell phone since September, my research led me to the Nokia C6.The ease of use is remarkable, the touchscreen easy to navigate and the 5 MP takes sharp pictures for both developing or just wallpaper.The wifi option makes surfing the net w/out a data package quick and easy, especially with Opera mobile as a browser.I'd strongly recommend this phone for someone who wants to avoid shelling out hundreds more for an Iphone.One caveat is that you want to add as much memory as affordable in order to make surfing quicker and increase the cache for temp files and downloads.

I am a nokia guy I think they are the best phones but the C6 leaves a lot to be desired.  It is almost as if Nokia tried to be like the other manufacturers making a cheap but expensive phone. They have even imitated LG with the phone turning itself off and not being able to turn it back on unless you take the battery out.  I don't know how many times I have had to re set the time and date.  It is a shame the is the first Nokia I have had that I don't like, maybe they just rushed it out but my advice is stay away from the C6.

this is a great deal if you buy it in the correct price, i've bought it in $219. With this phone you can do almost everything, in the OVI store you can get almost everything, the GPS aplication is so great, actually i live in Costa Rica and here it's suposed to don't work because of the irregular land, but the signal is really good. Also you can install some aplications as What's app in wich you can talk for free wit your friends even if they have an iphone or an Android phone, and at OVI it's Free

This is my third Nokia phone and as usual I am very satisfied with this phone.I brought this phone when it had no reviews. Just after buying the phone, I saw some negative reviews after I purchased but still thought of giving it a try. I am happy I did not return it without trying it myself.The basic features of this phone are really great. It has excellent signal strength and sound clarity. Also touch screen works quite fast and it is very easy to use just like other Nokia phones. The only issue with the phone is the memory which is 2GB but can be extensible up to 16GB. If you use maps, your memory will get exhausted very fast. The camera and music players are also very good.

I had and I owe a lot of cellphones and I can clearly say, this is the worst phone I ever had,the Ive downloaded WhatsApp from their Ovi store and it works very slow and clips I couldn't view at all ,the sliding is bad it takes a few seconds till it recognize you've slide it, the keypad is also bad in my case the letter Y was giving me a Z and the z gave me a y, the txt msgs also came in disorganized if you  get lets say several msgs from Twitter it will popup separately instead of showing only one time twitter and when you enter it then you see all msgs from them

buen celular cohe en todo los paises inclusive en ecuador es completo tiene d todo les recomiendo

very low battery life, two day is the max. ugly phone, and it cost 300 when i bought it. very dont like this phone, slow as hell. dont buy this phone. buy a better phone

I have two months using the phone .. could not be more satisfied, is an excellent phone for the pricePros:- acceptable quality camera- slider qwerty keyboard- Browser with Flash Lite 3.1- Good overall quality, very solid- Connection Wi-Fi and 3GCons:- A bit slow on the navigation menu- Battery with very short durationI only see two negative points, so I say that for the price of this equipment is nothing better in the market .... you manage your email accounts and notifies you the arrival of each new message, when you want you can surf the Internet quickly, enter into any sites like YouTube thanks to Flash Lite 3.1, and keeps you connected to social networks (Twitter, Facebook , Hi5 ..)... 100% recommend it for the price.Apologize for any misplaced word or do not understand, I do not speak very good English.Thanks.

He usado el telefono por cerca de una semana en Venezuela, actualic&eacute; su software y no se apaga ni se bloquea.Me parece un buen telefono y tiene (a mi parecer) todas las funciones que la mayor&iacute;a de nosotros necesitamos.El unico detalle que yo desearia mejorar es la velocidad de respuesta: Es un poco lento al pasar de una aplicaci&oacute;n a otra y si tienes varias abiertas hay que esperar 3 o 4 segundos para que acepte un comando. La pantalla blanca aparece mucho sobre todo al cambiar la inclinaci&oacute;n del telefono (de vertical a horizontal).Para quienes la velocidad no es algo de vida o muerte, este telefono es perfecto. Puedes navegar por internet, escuchar m&uacute;sica, ver videos, escuchar los mensajes de texto si estas manejando o algo, ubicarte por GPS sin tener que usar el plan de datos, recibir y enviar e-mail, conectarte facilmente a facebook y otras redes sociales, etc...Actualizado al 01 de Julio de 2011:El telefono es realmente lento... a medida que fui cargando nuevas aplicaciones (las cuales son muy buenas y trabajan sin problemas) el cambio de una aplicaci&oacute;n a otra es muy penoso y si ademas inclinas el telefono y por ejemplo, tambien estas escuchando musica, preparate para unos 7 - 10 segundos de pantalla en blanco.Aun as&iacute; pienso que el telefono es muy bueno y bastante confiable (solo he tenido que sacarle la bateria una docena de veces desde que lo compre)

I purchased a refurbished version at a very good price. The product seems brand-new. Keyboard, screen, sound quality , video quality, call quality, camera are all great.My main complaint is with the Symbian OS. Certain applications like Web Browsers, or WAZE GPS program don't run properly - I get an "out of memory" message with instructions to close applications. I upgraded the firmware to the latest version available, but the problem still remains. The phone runs slower (downloads, web browsing) than I would like.Email works Ok (I connect to my hotmail, yahoo and work email); that said, often there are synchronization problems. If I reset the phone, the email does return to synchronize properly. There's an annoying issue of downloading multiple copies of the same mails to the phone; certain multiple copies contain the email text, others don't.I find that I need to reset the phone a couple of times a day to keep the many applications I try to run happy.I used a BlackBerry Curve 9300 before this Nokia C6 phone. Much, much better OS, much better handling of email, much faster page loading and task switching. I would end up resetting the Blackberry only once every couple of weeks.I do like the abundant availability of applications from the OVI store. Not as many as for iPhone or Android, but more than for Blackberry.To summarize: a full featured phone that provides good value; however the poor Symbian software platform makes what could be a great product into a mediocre and barely tolerable phone.

This phone looked great online, but after only 3 days I can't wait to return it. If this phone is Nokia's answer to the I-Phone they have a long way to go! First of all it will not stay connected to WiFi. The phone constantly loses the WiFi connection and I have to manually select to connect back to it only to lose the connection again a few minutes later. I don't know if this particular phone is defective or if that's how they all are, but my computer and I-Touch stay connected to WiFi just fine so I know its not my network. Well I figured no big deal because I have a data plan (that my Blackberry worked fine on) but even this is slow. Retreiving emails and using Facebook is so painfully slow that it's pretty much unusable. The interface is also slow and the phone constanly freezes. The phone catches up after a couple seconds but constantly waiting for it while you are trying to navigate screens is maddening. The phone looks great and has alot of features but its functionality is terrible. I would not buy it.

El celular en general es bueno... buena interfaz, me gusta el modelo y aunque el peso es un poco alto, su teclado qwerty y una buena distribuci&oacute;n de peso lo ayuda mucho...Su desventaja por la que le doy el 4?... Es lento, y se ha quedado pegado en 3 oportunidades en 6 meses... aparte la aplicaci&oacute;n de correo electr&oacute;nico si quieres que se actualicen los correos tienes que reiniciar el tel&eacute;fono porque en lo que se des-sincroniza por meterte en el correo en una computadora no se vuelve a actualizar hasta que hagas eso.

I can do everything I could with my old E-71 but more confortable cause its large keyboard and bigger (touch)screen (very usefull for GPS applications and web navigation).The 5 megapixel camera surprised me because of its high quality, although the lens is not Carl Zeiss.

I bought the phone right through the internet, I arrived in Ecuador received well, but when used with the news that goes I can not use almost constantly, and not as a claim or who claim the warranty on this phone, I'm practically those dollars to pay.

This phone has nice features but the display is a problem. The phone fell from my hands once from a very short height and the display stopped working, everything else was operating even the touch screen was functioning.

This machine is running so slowly! And the fonts on screen never could be SEEN as a small LCD with unreasonably high resolution!!! By the way, it does not support Chinese website, this kills me! So I had this product returned and I will buy an anroid cell phone.

I purchased this unlocked phone, because I had been disappointed with a replacement sent to me by At&t.;  The phone seemed to have the features I was after, and it did.  I liked it for the most part.  After only a few weeks the coating on the 3 external buttons began peeling off.  This is no big deal, as it doesn't at all effect the usability of the phone, just looks bad.  After four months of use, the screen and buttons both began not working.  The phone is under warranty and has been sent back for a repair/replacement.  The company seemed to be easy to work with so far, but we will see.  It seemed like four months was not long to last, so I fear that the replacement will probably only last till around the end of the warranty period.  For the money spent I expected a phone that would last a couple years if taken care of, and it was taken care of.  It had never been dropped,or gotten wet, and had a good screen protector installed on the day it arrived to me.  I will update this review as I get the replacement and see how it holds up.Update:Well the service was fine.  Got the phone back in a reasonable amount of time, and it had been repaired.  It seemed fine and worked for another few months.  Again it stopped working, still under warranty so I sent it off again.  The company again has been good in that it has sent me a new phone.  I just feel like there is no way the phone will last past the end of the warranty.  I still like the phone, but the quality is obviously not there.

It is much faster than my XpressMusic 5800 and the screen is more responsive... I also like the additional keyboard as it feels similar to the N810 keyboard... the available apps function as expected and the Nokia maps are really nice (only the US maps will fit on the included 2GB card). It is very stable with the latest firmware update.The inclusion of a larger memory card would have enabled more downloaded Nokia maps as well as more applications and music, but 200USD for an unlocked phone of this calibre is already more than a competitive value...

I purchased my Nokia C6-00 unlocked GSM Smartphone for both U.S. and International usage in March 2011 from Amazon.com. Before I make any comments about the phone itself, I just want everyone to know that, based on my experiences with Nokia Technical Support, that you can be confident that Nokia will treat you like a VIP and stand behind the phone.First off, the few times I have called Nokia support number for assistance, I was totally delighted with the knowledgeable representatives who always spent whatever time I required to ensure my complete satisfaction and that all my questions were answered to my satisfaction.But best of all I have been in the Philippines since June 2011. In September 2011 the slider started to develop a little sloppiness which was slowly becoming progressively sloppier. I went to the local Nokia phone store here in Manila and the Nokia representative assured me this was not typical. I was advised that since I had purchased the phone in the USA, that I should contact Nokia's Support Center in the USA to determine how to best get my issue resolved.When I called Nokia, the agent wasn't sure how to best accommodate my request to get the phone serviced locally here in the Philippines and had my case escalated for management resolution. Being that the phone was fully functional and that my request was not urgent I was more than happy with the suggested process offered by the agent.Needless to say, I was quickly assigned a personal case manager named Macy, who treated me like a VIP. Macy took the time to fully understand my concern in getting the phone serviced locally. Where my phone is a USA variant Macy using her words assured me that her and Nokia's resolution to my case "will have a smile on my face".Macy asked if my request was urgent or if I could give her some time to work with the Nokia team to come up with the absolute best resolution. Again, like I told my original agent, I told Macy that my request was not urgent and that the phone was fully functional but I am sure at some point the slider will become too loose to be useable.Within a few days Macy contacted me and offered to ship me a brand new phone here in the Philippines at Nokia's expense to ensure my complete satisfaction. I now have my new Nokia C6-00 and to say I am delighted with Nokia is truly an understatement. Macy and Nokia definitely have, to use Macy's words "put a smile on my face" and then some, as promised.As a result of how I was treated by Nokia, especially in this age of companies looking to cut costs wherever they can, I will never own another brand phone.Now getting to the phone itself. I understand that Nokia's direction is to be soon offering Windows phones replacing the Symbian operating system. Yes, at some point when I am ready to upgrade to a new phone, based on my experience with Nokia, a Nokia Windows phone will be in my future.I did a lot of research before purchasing my Nokia C6-00 Smartphone and felt for my purposes this unlocked GSM phone that works on both AT&T;'s and T-Mobile's networks in the USA and virtually everywhere in the world was the best value. Plus, being an unlocked phone that is affordable you do NOT need to commit to an expensive phone contract to have a fully functional quality Smartphone.The reality is the phone is rock solid and does everything well and simply works. There are a lot of applications available for it from the Nokia store, and the interface is very intuitive and straightforward to use. It may not be as glitzy an interface as some of the newer interfaces, but again the phone really is very intuitive to use, it just works and is loaded with features, which are all implemented very well.The hardware is also rock solid and I get a lot of complements on the phone wherever I go both when I was in the USA and here in the Philippines. The quality of both the materials and the workmanship are very obvious.In summary, whether the Nokia C6-00 is the right Nokia phone for you or not, I am sure that you can find a Nokia model that meets your needs.If you are not in an urgent rush to get a Windows phone, based on my experiences with Nokia, you would do well to wait for the new Nokia Windows models before making an investment in a new Windows phone.

The device is good, excellent sliding keyboard, but the screen is very hard and had to make very hard to accept the options, finally threw away

Compr&eacute; un Nookia C6 por Amazon ya que en Costa Rica este tel&eacute;fono cuesta literalmente, el doble en precio. Ten&iacute;a temos de que por alguna razon t&eacute;cnica no funcionara, sin embargo, no pudo ser m&aacute;s facil. Lo saqu&eacute; de la caja, le puse la tarjeta y voil&aacute;!! F&aacute;cil, barato y pr&aacute;ctico!Me encanta el tel&eacute;fono, lo &uacute;nico es que noto que se pone muy lento si grabo aplicaciones en la memoria del telefono. La tarjeta de 2MB por elmomento esta ok. Provecho!

This is my first smart phone. In the past, I've always opted for cheap and typically prepaid, but after finding I could not call an international cellphone with my cheap Tracfone, and a major disaster had occurred in the country I was flying to, I decided that having a phone that would not work in the country I was heading to, nor the ability to make cellular contact, if I chose, it was time to upgrade.I can now make international calls to cell phones and landlines. Because the phone was unlocked, it gave me the option to choose what phone I wanted in my price range and to choose between the GSM cell providers. The wireless works great. I can use the wireless feature to access my email and other web functions without having to get charged by a wounded bull (ATT) for traffic. The qwerty keyboard is better than many I have ever seen. The keys are a lot bigger, but the phone is still smaller than the latest HTC models.Some people have complained about the touch screen not being sensitive enough and that it's better to use a stylus. I find that it is just fine with my fingers. Yes, it doesn't seem completely solid when it's in a closed state (when the keyboard isn't in the slide-out mode), but it does feel solid when you are using the qwerty.Also, I love the fact that I don't have to use the qwerty keyboard to dial a number - the onscreen touch numerical keyboard works fine. There are some features that I haven't explored yet, but it has great sound when you're playing music and while it's loaded with some applications I didn't care for (Myspace, Friendster etc), you don't have to keep them.While it comes with a 2gig chip, I upgraded to an 8 gig and you can go up to 16gig, which is a nice option if you want to use it as an MP3 player.Update August 2011: Extremely happy with my purchase. Flew back to New Zealand and picked up a 2degrees SIM card at the duty free shop, before clearing customs. By the time my luggage was checked for my next flight, I had a working phone and a New Zealand cell phone number - without the nasty international roaming charges. (The phones will also work with Vodafone NZ's SIMS.)

es un buen telefono, todo funciona muy bien y si te gusta nokia, y ademas quieres un smartphone.. este es el adecuado para ti! ademas por 200$ es una ganga..funciona muy bien en venezuela.. y hasta en 3g

This product is nice in quality and finishing, just found it to be quite heavy to carry. That's the only comment.

Purchased this to await a new Pre from HP because it was cheap and un-locked. It's not really the fault of the phone (except for the keyboard issue), but of the operating system. Symbian is horrible. Completely unintitutive with layers of "junk" to sift through before being able to accomplish the simplest of tasks.  I finally had to print out the entire operating instructions and read them page-by-page before I could go much beyond the "phone" function.  The touch screen also leaves a lot to be desired.  It's extremely un-responsive and doesn't even register a touch at the edges when one is playing games. The slide-out qwerty keyboard is a disaster.  I don't have particularily large fingers and had minimal trouble typing on my old Palm Treo keyboard, but I cannot EVER type a message of any kind on this thing without pressing adjacent or incorrect keys! After using the wonderful PalmOS for so many years I just can't get over how awkward using this phone is and can't wait to get rid of it. For using as a "plain-vanilla" phone it's perfectly fine, which is why I gave it two stars instead of only one, but then it's overkill to pay even this much.

I've always likes Nokia phones and have been looking forward to owning one of their new models.  Well, I'm not sure if I just got a lemon or there is a serious OS problem with this unit.  The phone totally locks up after boot up and gives a "memory full" message.  Good luck with yours, I hope Nokia fixes the problem as they are falling way behind in the smart phone area.

I've been using this cell phone on the last week and so far no complaints regarding it at all. I've had the chance using all its features that had worked pretty good. You just have to be careful to close all Apps after you use them otherwise it can freeze.

I read every single review of this phone, and tried not to give so much credit to the bad reviews, because I have used nokia all my life, and never had the kind of trouble this cellphone gave to me.I bought by mistake, 2 Nokia C6. The first I opened, crushed from the very start, never got to navigate, because it crashed again...and again...I tried it almost for  1 hour, and crashed every 5 minutes...finally I got to upgrated de sw...but the problem never went away.And the second one, was better, but when trying to upgrade, it crashedd badly....SO ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!Every single bad review came with both phones...I dont think is bad luck, nokia c6 is awful!I hope nokia next phones come with better SO...

Overall I would give this phone 3 stars. Unfortunately it would turn off by itself constantly even when the battery was fully charged. The only way that I could get it back on would be to remove and then reinsert the battery. The touchscreen would freeze several times daily which also could only be resolved by removing and then reinserting the battery. This phone has excellent features but crashes way too often and by that I mean DAILY! If it weren't for those issues, I would've been very pleased with this phone. Overall, most other functions worked well.

They are best in service . Customer care is very helpful. When i receive my phone , data cable was missing from box as i ordered a open box item. I called them and they politely listen my issue and refund me $30.Since then i ordered many item from BLINQ. Keep up this good service BLINQ.Thanks

I had two Nokia smart phones before, the latest being the model E72. It is impressive how Nokia made a the phone operation even easier than before, the menus are very intuitive and when in doubt, just click the help option for instant access to the user manual.I was familiar with the PC Suite software but the new Ovi software is a step ahead for seamless integration with MS Outlook and PC communication. It is also worth to mention that the Nokia C6 can be used as a modem, connecting your notebook PC to the internet enywhere there is a GSM or 3G network available.The battery life is much better than other touch screen phones out in the market, such as iPhone. My wife has a Motorola Dext Blur and the battery life gets nowhere near the C6!This model is highly reccommended for people over 45 like me that is having trouble reading texts in small screens, that was one of the reasons for replacing my E72 for the C6.A warning for Nokia users of E-Series phones: don't expect the battery of touch screen phones to last as much as that of your phones, this is a price to pay to have a bigger screen.I bought this smart phone for professional use so it was good to see that configuring the e-mail accounts were fast and easy.For those who like to listen music on the cell phone a piece of advice: use a good quality ear buds instead of the of the headset that comes with the phone. You will be surprised with the high quality of the sound of the Nokia C6.The 5MP camera takes great pictures and there is even a built in LED flash that does a good job when the ambient light is weak.Possibly the only downside that I have experienced so far is that the screen is easy to scratch, apparently Nokia saved money using a low quality material there. I advise the purchase of plastic skins along with this phone, this will provide protection aginst scratching. On the other hand the touch screen works well, no worries there, though I prefer to use the keyboard which has a scroll for up/down/left/right control of the screen and menus.

Greetings. I bought this phone last week and it does not work well. And has spoiled me two new batteries and does not load, I was off. The phone does not work. I need help to enforce the warranty. This is the cellphone [...]Greetings!

I am overall satisfied with this phone, Pros: I like the fact I can pop my operator SIM without jailbreaking/unlocking the phone - built in wifi, full bluetooth functionality, fm radio, and gps are very nice to have and enable many interesting apps and uses. Home screen panels let you put shortcuts and content all in one place.  You can use it as a mobile hotspot with the JoikuSpot app. Ovisotre has a good amount of additional apps, and there are a lot of Symbian applications that can be installed from the PC or directly in the phone. The full qwerty keyboard is very nice and the battery life is good even with moderate to heavy browsing gps navigation.  you can also carry a spare battery. the camera is good by smartphone camera standards.Cons: I have not been able to hook yahoo, hotmail or gmail account with the built in email program, I had to use a third party app called Emoze.  Too bad the built in app can't be used as a regular pop3 / imap client.  The built in sms messaging app does not support threaded views, you'll have to buy an additional app for that (ThreadSMS - at least it is cheap). You'll want to replace the included 2Gb micro sd card (almost filled with OviMaps files) with a bigger 4Gb or 8Gb one if you are planning on uploading many music files / videos, etc. you cannot charge the phone via the usb port. The phone does not include a stylus, you can get the job done with your fingers or nails, but for some operations it would be nice to have the extra precision.In summary this is a nicely priced phone given the specs and features it has, and most shortcomings can be solved with additional apps, memory.

This phone is constantly freezing and the only way to fix is to take the battery out. The only plus to this phone is the Ovi Maps. Other than that, it sucks. The processor isn't fast enough to run more than two applications at one time.

Hi,I bought this mobile phone almost one year back. Its works good still now. I didnt face any pbm with is mobile.But If i open lot of application which is connecting net, the application closed by itself and says "Not Enough" memory. Apart from that the voice converstion and reliablitly and battery charge are very good.This mobile is good for those people who needs for voice converstion and partial browsing.Thanks

The cellphone works very well for my in my country, easy connection to the internet, I have all the necessary applications, social nets, office applications, games, excellent camera to take pictures and videos, good to listen music, what I don't have installed, I can download it with easiness, it is truly an excellent product.

Well the phone had some nice features, but that means nothing if you can use the phone. After a little over a year the phone started freezing and now it just refuses to work. The touch screen does nothing when you to touch it, you cant answer any calls. In short this is just a waste of your money.

First -- I may have different priorities than the average US citizen!I'm not wearing a mechanical watch,I drive a car with manual gearbox,I remove brand stickers from my clothing,I don't watch TV or listen to radio interrupted by advertisement.This was a present for my wife. She needed a new cellphone -- hers was 3 years old.Since I've heard bad things about the iphone not being a good phone for voice communicationand since I was not willing to spend $400 for an cellphone (you get a laptop for this)and since I did not want a cellphone sold and tailored by my provider,I decided for this phone.1) negative points:* gigantic "smart delay" for a lot of the user interface elements.Very often one does not know, whether the phone recognized the last user input or not.* There seems to be no way to avoid getting a data connection via your cellphone provider, once you left your wifi area.The phone keeps prompting for permission to connect to the internet via the cellphone provider (if you told the phone to ask for permission).I could not figure out, what it needed the internet connection for.I spent probably around $100 during the first month for not required internet connections.AT&T;'s go-phone-rip-off-scheme seems to have something to do with this.I asked nokia support for help. Loading their website cost me around $15 (I bought the AT&T; data package for one month). I tried to use email on their website using this phone but it did not work. Then I called support. The first 2 support people referred me to non existent settings. The third one told me to shutdown wifi (to avoid connecting to the internet via the provider which is not wifi). I sent an angry email to nokia support but I'm still waiting for a reply.I also researched this on the web. A lot of people seem to have the same problem.I ended up changing the communication standard for the data connection to what-was-the-name-of-this-US-only-cellphone-standardwhich hopefully does not work with AT&T.;* The user-interface takes some getting used to.There is a difference between long-press and short-press on the screen!2)FM Radio is very nice3)Music player is very nice

Is a nice phone, signal is very nice 3g, Wi Fi wonderfull, details beautifull, design easy and pretty, camera resolution very hight quallity pictures, the touch screen easy to use with this or the qwerty. The internet navigation is easy and very nice.Thanks a regards.

Excellent phone, meets the expectations it had respectively, It has many functions and is easy to handle. The only comment is that I think the battery is not appropriate, since it runs very fast, despite most of the time the phone is on standby. Not sure if it is normal or if my phone's battery is defective.

Llevo mas o menos unos 8 meses con el telefono tiene todo lo que se necesita, internet 3.5G, gps, touch... muy bien lo unico malo es que la bateria no dura mucho tiempo cuando se lo pone en modo de vibracion..

Hi i received my c6-00 right on time, the phone feels good in my hand solid,had a few reboots,freeze two or three times,message indicator keeps blinking all the time,volume is good,keyboard a little cramp i love the camera,the phone drops 5 minutes of time all the time

On the occasion of the testimony of my short experience with this phone, in order to serve someone else and if it is possible that the manufacturer improve its products, I make this review.Pros:The phone is fairly light weightGood appearanceQWERTY very pleasant to operate, good size keys that reduces any possibility of error by typingThe appearance and form are very strikingMessages and phone calls very solid, no noiseCons:The operating system is relatively poor. For example, I included music by OVI and after a while I wanted to remove, it was practically impossible without leaving a trace on the phone. In various parts of your rankings are the same song, which does not seem bad to me, however, when you delete a song or albums are traces of the deleted song impossible to remove pointing errors. Even restoring the track to choose another way to delete does not mean that it ceases to occur. OVI software and the phone in this regard is poor. I have chosen to avoid including applications, songs, etc. than the original settings, trying to avoid filling up your mistakes erased. Compare this procedure to include and delete songs from your computer using iTunes or from my iPod touch directly.Thanks.

The C6-00 is a good cell phone, but not a good smartphone.  First and foremost a smartphone is a cell phone, and like all Nokia phones signal quality and range are good.  However, as a smartphone the C6 was obsolete the day it was announced, because of it's clumsy user interface.  It can't hold a candle to iPhone or Android phones when it comes to smartphone apps.  I've owned my C6 for 3 months and have yet to be able to buy an app because I don't have a data plan (I use Wifi connectivity) and Nokia's procedures for purchased apps via their app store don't allow for credit card purchase (Nokia support unable/unwilling to resolve).  Free apps install fine.  If you want to exploit the "smart" in smartphone, look other than a Symbian OS based phone.  If "smart" is not all that important to you, there are cheaper Nokia phones that will suffice.

Have this phone for almost a year. Got it from frys. Decent phone, nice keyboard, however I prefer the screen responsiveness of the Nokia 5530.The screen stopped responding after 8 months or so, and Nokia fixed it very quickly. Then in month 11, the screen started to flicker and not work. Nokia replaced the phone with a *NEW* phone. Their customer service is excellent, polite, courteous and professional! I've always been using Nokia phones and this is the first Nokia phone I had problems with.Overall rating:Phone: 4 stars.Nokia customer service: 5 stars.

I had bought this model to gift it for someone special. When I bought it, the price was $249 - now it has come down by $30 over nearly 5 months.She used to play a lot of youtube videos over WiFi and stuff - I know she liked it a lot and didn't have any problems...

I think for 200 bucks this is perfect thing to purchase... It has awesome features, qwerty keyboard, good touchscreen etc. Have not detected any flaws yet... Hope will not... If you are looking for a really awesome phone for really cheap price this is the one you want!

I have owned a couple of Nokia phones in the past and my experience with those phones has been much better than what I've experienced with the C6.  I bought the unlocked phone to use while I'm going to school in Germany.  I like that it can connect with Facebook and GMail fairly easily.  The pictures are of pretty good quality, especially in open daylight.  What hasn't worked for me is that the phone locks up on a daily basis.  The phone just freezes while I'm using it.  One firmware upgrade made the issue a little better, it locked-up only occasionally.  But after the latest update, I have to take the battery out on almost a daily basis.  Sometimes I have to take it out 2 or 3 times a day. I haven't installed any software on the phone, besides the recommended firmware updates.  I don't have my music on the phone, and I haven't taken many pictures, so it's not that I'm using the phone past it's limits.  When I click on email, there is a long delay before the email appears, there's also a serious delay when scrolling contact lists, email lists and application lists.  I wish I would have never purchased this phone.

I think this phone is too expensive. The phone does not have a wider screen as at thought it would. Shipping was faster. I actually bought the phone for my wife but since she was not available by the time the phone came in i did not open the box at all untill this day that i'm writing this review only to find that the phone came without battery in it. So i have to order a new battery at amazon before i can even know whether the phone works or not. To me, i think the phone is expensive and it's not that classy to deserve that price. the screen is not wide and it's not easy to slide. I cannot say anything about the software features b'cos i haven't been able to switch it on b'cos it came without battery in it. I feel cheated.

I was looking for a phone to make calls, manage my calendar, severals languages, 3g in 850mhz band, and i can use applications for my work.This is the best phone for the best price.henry castro from costa rica

I ORDERED THIS PHONE AND WAS NEVER WORKING. I CONTACTED THE SELLER ADN THEY SAID GUARANTEE HAS EXPIRED AND REFERRED ME TO NOKIA COMPANY. I DID AND THE NOKIA COMPANY SAID I HAD AN INVALID CODE FOR PHONE. I CONTACT SELLER AND THEY REFERRED ME TO A LOCAL PREPAIR SERVICE AND TO SEND THE CODE THAT THEY WILL HELP ME WITH MY DEFECTED PHONE. TO THIS DAY THE SELLER NERVER REPLIED. I THINK THEY ARE A SET OF FRAUDS SELLING CUSTOMERS DEFECTED PHONES.NEVER GOING TO BUY FROM IT COMPANY AGAIN. SO BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASE YOU PHONE. BAD,BAD, SERVICE. I HAVE NO PHONE AND NEVER GOT BACK MY MONEY.Nokia C6 Unlocked GSM Phone with Easy E-mail Setup, Side-Sliding Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, and Free Ovi Maps Navigation (Black)

We bought it last July 2011 and could use it only 4 months.  After this time it did not turn on anymore.  Reparation was useless.We are NOKIA users almost from the beginnig of cell phones, and now we wanted to update an old Nokia XpressMusic, just because the screen needed a stylo to make it work properly and this new model of Nokia named C6, has a sentitive touchscreen and regular keyboard also.The screen on this C6  scratches easily and looks worn out with little normal use.  I compared this Nokia C6 screen with an iPhone 1 that I still have and use and the screen is 4 years old and looks spotless.  My guess is that the screen quality on this new Nokia C6 is worst than older models like the Nokia XpressMusic that now we had to use again.Very disappointed with NOKIA and reparation Service not to trust at least in my case.  Do not recommend this model.

The phone's fine, im just disappointed when i discovered that it was made in China, if I only knew that it was not made in Finland I will not order this... Sellers should state where their products are made of, this should be included in the product description..

Phone works great. Not a lot of apps available for it, but good reception, wifi and camera.

I just got this phone and I'm loving it... I have had it for 3 days and it's way better than I expected... may be it's cuz I had a very very old crappy phone but this one is really getting in to me... It has 2 cameras, one to take pictures and another to video chat, it's so easy to use, the keys are very gentil and smooth (one of my biggest problem with the other every time I tried to type something it looked like I was killing the abc's). It also let's you to have some frecuent contacts on the desk for easy access, It's just great... I've been able to sms, mms, check my email, facebook, skype, and I live in costa rica, so there are absolutely no connectivy issues over here!!! And yes!! I won't have to carry my laptop anymore, this phone comes with office and acrobat reader too!! So I can get my job done anywhere!!! FABULOUS!!!

Buenas noches...!!! Les Escribo por la siguiente razon, me parece que el precio del Nokia C6 es muy alto comparado al del C6-01, es el mismo???, se que esto no se puede hacer pero una rebajita para poder comprar el telefono ya que no me alcanzan con los dolares que tengo... jejeje y gracias...!!! De resto me encanta el Telefono...!!!

camera quality , voice quality is excellent, sound from the speaker is low, it is heavy, sometimes slow, phone clarity was awesome i loves it, 3g , bluetooth, wifi works fine. keyboard is kind of ok.

I got stuck with this phone. It is full of software bugs and not worth owning at any price. I use the device as a basic phone and still have annoying problems: 1) the battery can be dead at any unpredictable time (the battery can be hot with no application running sometimes), and 2) the phone may lock at any time. These problems happen once in a few days with virtually no usage.

Pros:* Biggest pro, it's cheap! Compared to other similar level smartphones, you know the price is right.* Wi-Fi, it really does help having wi-fi specially for people like me, who are on campus most of the times. Means no actual need for a data plan. :)* The QWERTY physical keyboard is probably the best thing about the phone. It's so comfortable to type with and the keys are just so of high quality. Full navigation using the keys if you hate using the touchscreen.* The camera is of real high quality. Night pictures are a little off, but during the day, you don't really need your camera with you.* The quick contacts widget display is just one of the best things about this phone. Makes it so easy to do about everything with favorite contacts. Other widgets available too!* Ovi Maps is also a deal breaker. Thats a fully functional GPS device right there. Works perfect too. Just takes time to pin down your position though.Cons:* I hate the OS. It's a little buggy and does crash whenever I open the apps marketplace. So no apps for me :(Neutral:* The touchscreen is not so awesome, but it definitely isn't bad either. In fact, after the Iphone, this is the closest responsive touchscreen I have experienced. I'm talking in comparison to other cellphones such as Nokia N95 for example or Samsung Impression.* Although i don't use the handwriting feature, its a 50/50 feature. It understands most of the letters I write, but I guess its too slow for me.

This a good, well priced, Symbian OS, smart phone. The first thing you need to do as with any computer device is to update the firmware by going to the Nokia site. Once this is done, it worked perfectly. I have easily set-up my personal POP e-mail on this unlocked device. The WI-fi works great on my home wireless and WI-fi hot spots. I have already downloaded many free apps to tweak it to my liking. It allows me to delete the crap I don't use. I am done, buying locked phones from cell carriers. You have little to no control over the phones installed apps. This phone works great on my cheap pay as you go non-contract plan. Plus I got it a little cheaper since somebody sent one back. Most likely because, they didn't take the time to updatefirmware to the latest version.

favor como hago para comunicarme con ustedes referente a el tel&eacute;fono nokia c6 que compre en el mes de febrero como regalo para mi madre el celular presenta problemas

I did not like the white screen when you try to change functionality. Although the phone looks great.. but the turning off thing really bothers when you are working on the phone.And I found on the Nokia website that people were having the same problem. that's why I preferred to return the phones

Tengo unas 3 semanas con el telefono, puedo catalogarlo como bueno. Buena calidad de construccion, muy buen teclado qwerty, nice pad, podria decir que no es lento, pero tampoco muy rapido, nice touchscreen, el navegador va muy bien y si descargas operamobile mucho mejor. Buena calidad de llamada y muy buena recpcion, tiene muchas aplicaciones preinstaladas. Buena autonomia en la bateria si le desactivas la luz intermitente y lo mantienes en red gsm, utilizo el umts cuando quiero navegar en paginas web pesadas. La conexion gsm es mas rapida que la de mi antiguo E71. No me gusta que a veces me cierra aplicaciones por la cantidad de aplicaciones abiertas.

Funciona perfectamente en Costa Rica.No borrar los datos que vienen en la tarjeta de la memoria del tel&eacute;fono, que son los mapas... :PEsta demasiado bueno, solo que con la conexi&oacute;n del ICE no se aprovecha al 100% :P

spanish reviewLlevo 2 semanas con este telefono lo compre aqui en amazon y en general la experiencia ha sido buena ,pero lo peor ha sido en primer lugar  la bateria que su duracion es muy corta y en segundo lugar el parlante MONO que tiene le telefono obligatoriamente toca usar los audifonos para escuchar la radio o el mp3player.Finalmente si compras este telefono no esperes un super telefono es muy similar al nokia 5800 y nokia X6 , es justo un telefono de nivel medio-alto que cumple con muchas de los requisitos de un usuario promedio.

Desde el momento que recib&iacute; mi tel&eacute;fono comence a utilizarlo y de verdad que ha sido excelente... no tuve problemas para configuraci&oacute;n de la linea en mi pais (Venezuela) ni de la conectividad a internet.  me parece que el espacio en la memoria es poco, incluso con la memoria externa ya que con pocas aplicaciones y algunas fotos se lleno la memoria, sin embargo le elimin&eacute; algunas aplicaciones que no necesitaba y se corrigi&oacute; el problema, aunque creo que voy a tener que comprar una memoria mayor.Con respecto a la pantalla tactil, es muy c&oacute;moda ya que no es tan sensible por lo que puedes tocarla sin marcar algo con facilidad (eso es algo que encuentro positivo ya que mi tel&eacute;fono anterior se colgaban las llamadas y se cerraban las aplicaciones con solo rozar la pantalla) hasta ahora no he podido utilizar el GPS pero me dijeron que le instalara el Garmin para mejores resultados... el software es amigable como todos los Nokia. El teclado QWERTY es excelente, las teclas son suaves y el tama&ntilde;o para escribir es apropiado, incluso para mis manos que son bastante peque&ntilde;as.

Compre este tel&eacute;fono hace aproximadamente dos semanas, y se ha comportado genial, el teclado es muy &uacute;til y la escritura desde la pantalla t&aacute;ctil es buena tambi&eacute;n, el sistema al inicio estuvo un poco lento y se pegaba, pero hacer aproximadamente 4 d&iacute;as se actualizo, f&aacute;cil desde el tel&eacute;fono y quedo muy r&aacute;pido, responde inmediatamente. Nokia esta haciendo las cosas bien. Lo &Uacute;nico negativo que le podr&iacute;a encontrar a este tel&eacute;fono seria que bajo la luz directa del sol la pantalla se torna dif&iacute;cil de leer. Por lo dem&aacute;s un 100.

bought the C6 in Apr/2011 and now (a year later) the the screen does not work. i'm told its either the screen or the flex cable but either way i have send it to a Nokia shop to get it sorted out. when i figure out what i'm going to do i'll post an update. I've been an exclusive Nokia user for 10 years now so maybe its time for a change.i've loved this phone even before i got it. it looks cool, it feels good in your hand, its comfortable to type on and the touch screen works. the C6 is built solid; its taken quit a few falls and kept on ticking (which is probably why its not working now). there are not many options of covers for the C6 and the silicone covers which are good for falls, interfere with the proximity sensors some times. the camera is good (better in sunlight). video is ok but not the best. i usually power up every 3 days. the processor/apps can slow down at times but its not a big issue. i have issues downloading apps from OVI because of my location (the caribbean).the best thing about Nokia phone is the Nokia Suit. i have hundreds of contacts and media but i can easily move my content from 1 phone to another using this suit. this is one of the reasons i've been with Nokia this long... that and the solid build of the phones. Even with the screen not working i was able to download all my content from the phone so i haven't lost anything.

This phone is entirely what I wanted.  It plays music, has a great GPS, has an easy to use slider with full qwerty keyboard, instantly connected with the Internet for surfing the web and e-mail, and also works as a phone.  It arrived fairly slowly, since they wouldn't ship to an APO address  :-(  but my daughter forwarded it to us.  Only thing I don't like is the scree scratches very easily, so I bought a cover for it.  Really like the GPS and hope the life-time world-wide updates advertised is really true.  Also hope they come out with a holder for the car soon, as we're rubberbanding it in place to an old gps holder.  The manual is VERY good and the e-mail help from Nokia is VERY quick, clear, and helpful.

Este fue unos de los primeros celulares desbloqueados que me compre, muy bueno lo use por mas de 2 a;os y funciono a la perfeccion.

I buy this phone for a friend and i think is a really nice phone, with a lot of settings, but is the same OS of all nokia phones, and it feel a little slow. But it works just fine!

my first negative review....I really wanted this phone to work - it had all the features and reviews supporting my purchase. Fully charged it before using - installed the sim card - it came alive without any sound which was weird and then when attempted to search for wireless connections it came up with a white screen and wouldn't budge for minutes, tried hard reset , updating OS over the air - very erratic response to touch. Randomly it would come up with 'Memory Full' and then there's no going back even after clicking on 'OK' !! I checked the memory too - both in-built and the microSD had some 250 MB of memory free on each. Called Nokia but they just gave me a code to restore it back to original settings but that didn't work either - they actually advised me that the phone is beyond troubleshooting and to return the phone!The sad part is that I love nokia and some of my really old nokia phones just wouldn't die even after rough abuse like 'emergency car phone'(meaning the phone stays in car all 12 months)or kids tossing them out of the window. I really wanted this phone to work and am surprised and shocked ! Want to believe that I got a bad unit with a 1 in thousands chance..I did return it back and am very hesitant to order another C6. Any comments / experiences would be appreciated...may there's just a petty thing that needs to be taken care of...

PROS:For the price,  one of the least expensive smart phones on the market.3rd party JAVA apps availableCONS:3rd party JAVA apps don't always download while others doUntil I returned it, crashes in sleep mode 2-3 times dailyNext C6 I got from the Bell store, the screen was slightly dark on the bottom (holding it vertically)Bottom line, use it alot if you have the option with your provider to return it if dissatisfied.  Look for these problems and if you have them, return it!

I've been using this cell phone a week now and i m very satisfied with the phone. But obviously its not 1 of the best smart phones in the market. For $250 phone it is very fast and comfortable. It will be hard for any1 to use this first couple of weeks if they are not familiar with the nokia OS. Only time its got frozen is when i downloaded opera, so i deleted it and using the default browser, which is also very fast. Without that the phone works just fine. I even tried opening 6 apps at the same time and it flows perfectly. The only reason i m giving this phone 4 star is only because of the display. Although it is a resistive touch screen sometimes it takes 3-4 clicks to open sumthng. If never bought a smartphn b4 and planning to buy 1 you can certainly go for this one. Very good smartphn for its price.

The touchscreen isn't user friendly. It acts like you need a stylus but one isn't provided. I decided to return this phone after just a few days of trying to get used to it. More user friendly phones are out there with the same features.

I like the phone a lot and it worked very well for me the first couple of weeks. It has many features and I am still discovering new ones. The GPS works great and the maps are current.However, the manual is not good. Many features simply have to be discovered by accident or because a friend knows them. A comprehensive version for download what be great.It also takes some time to understand the logic behind when to close, exit, or disconnect an application. The wrong button can eat up battery power, and you don't even know why.Finally, get a big memory card with the phone (8 or 16 gb).The application store is nice, but no comparison with the apple offers, but that may come.Overall a reliable phone that works well and still shows new stuff every day.

EXCELLENT PRODUCT COMMUNICATION. HAS ALL THE FEATURES YOU NEED TO FIND ALL IN A MOBILE PHONE.INTERNET CONNECTION IS GOOD, EXCELLENT CAMERA

Great phone love it, had the E71x before so there is a learning curve for this phone but the more I use it the more I like it. One of the selling point for me was the keyboard but the touch screen is awesome, I believe it works as well as the Iphone.

The phone is efficient, has high network coverage and is friendly.Opportunities for improvement:1) The battery is not enough,2) were not charged by the USB port, just for the charger,3) does not identify the numbers that are making contacts. That is, if you are typing the number of a contact, the phone does not recognize it and you must type the full number

I am a hard core Nokia cellular phone buyer and user. I stay with Nokia because of their attention to detail and their quality products. The only reason why I rated the C6 with 3 out of 5 stars is because of my own personal bias. Over all this was an excellent phone but because of my personal biases it just was not for me. I do not like touch screen phones and I unfortunately had to try one out to know I do not like them.The Good: The small design for a full QWERTY slide phone. The ability to customize the home page of your phone allows you to have everything you need just a click away. The applications that are free on the Ovi store that can be used for the phone are nice and easily used such as games, phone battery time remaining, weather, etc. The ability to have a regular sized headphone jack is wonderful; I could listen to my Pink Floyd on the bus or tune into a local radio station to pass the time in between classes.The Bad: transition time from upright to sideways mode can be a bit annoying; this is especially for when you have applied a large theme to your phone. But for me even having to waste one second on anything is annoying. The lag time is about 1 second or less, and for a large theme it can be up to 2 maybe 3 seconds. The touch screen is not capacitive (like iPhone), instead it is a touch screen that embraces some type of stylus i.e. fingernail or fine tipped plastic pen.The Ugly: Not being able to text with one hand (my bias), it is nearly impossible to text with one hand. Also the phone was designed for right handed people. I am a lefty (this is where my bias comes in). Almost all of the virtual decision/navigation/selection keys are on the right side along with volume rocker, and navigation key on the QWERTY board.

I really like this phone.You can use like a mini computer.You can browse almost any page on internet.You can configure yours emails accountsYou can be online on tweeter and facebook.I recomend you the snaptu application. Its free.

Just like the title says, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!  Within a few days you will hate the phone and yourself for wasting time and money on it.  I had this phone for about 9 months and it drove me effing crazy.  The operating software is very outdated and going from screen to screen you will see nothing but a black or white screen for at least 1 second a piece, but most times it will likely be longer.  Quite often I have counted ten seconds or more between the time I hit reply to a text message and when the actual "write message" screen pops up.  Changing the stance of the phone (horizontal to vertical or vice versa) always gives a delay of a few seconds.At first this doesn't sound like too much of a bother but when you have to wait 15 seconds to reply to a text message or call, ALMOST EVERY SINGLE TIME, it becomes very annoying and can make you quite irritable.  The browser is shotty at best, it crashes often, the phone often claims it has no memory to run applications.This phone is truly crap.  If I would have known 10 months ago what I know now, I wouldn't pay more than $10 for this phone.  If you don't believe me, try it out for yourself.  Don't say you haven't been warned.

Is every thing that i waitting for!!!! No more, no less, just perfect, arrive a little longer, but its OK

Good product for the price, had all of the characteristics I was looking. Only thing that had to be better its that the  among of memory is little.

I have used nokia cellphones for 8 years. Frankly speaking, I think I am a fan of nokia cellphones. but I just found the quality of nokia cell phone is going down. This phone, I have received for one day and tried it. I found it's not good as I expected.1) battery life is not good.2) somehow, the phone has restarted by itself once, which is really bad.I would not like to buy a nokia phone next time.

I just switched from a Nokia 2710i Navigator to the Nokia C6 just because the 2710i Navigator, which I bought on a trip to Germany, does not support Wi-Fi access. I tried for hours loading some MP3 songs to the phone via Ovi Suite. In my last attempt I finally shut down the phone, connected again and suddenly it worked. I was loading also some Maps and was surprised, that after some 10 maps the 2GB memory card was almost full. When I checked the sizes of the maps I noticed, that the C6 maps consume almost ten times as much as the same maps for my 2710i. So keep in mind that you might need to buy a bigger memory card. With the 2GB card you are quickly running out of memory.After all I have the impression, that beside the wireless access, the C6 does not offer much more functions as my old 2710i.

It's a good cell phone.The first one that I received there was a tiny blue stain however the second one was perfect. The problem is that we cannot access the GPS without internet.

This phone is buggy. It's difficult to write text messages when the phone continuously inserts spaces or the letter K. Likewise, navigating the phone becomes difficult when the touch screen suddenly stops working. Also, it's hard to make calls when the phone claims it can't find my network, despite being able to connect to the network manually. Staring at a white screen becomes tiresome. Interface lag of more than 60 seconds was designed for another species. These problems have gotten worse and worse over the four (4) months I've owned the phone.As I write this, I'm desperately trying to get the phone to work so I can call a car service to take me and my cat to the vet. However, because of the aforementioned problems, I cannot do something as simple as bring up the dialer. I really hate this phone.Also, the "free GPS" does not work in New York City. Where I live. Yay!

Siempre he preferido los telefonos Nokia, tengo un N78, queria migrar a un cel con Touch Screen y teclado deslizable, encontre el N97 mini que cumplia con mis requisitos, pero al ver el C6 y compararlo, me di cuenta que el C6 es una version mejorada y actualizada del N97mini (solo que con una carcaza de menor calidad) lo he estado usando y he encontrado cosas muy interesantes y utilies.... En definitiva, lo recomiendo, muy completo, la pantalla tactil no tiene nada que envidiarle a la Capacitiva (como la del X6), para los que conocen a los cel Nokia, creo que no se defraudaran de este modelo....Lo que si me decepcion&oacute;, fueron los audifonos, el cel tiene muy buena calidad de reproduccion, pero incluyeron audifonos de malisima calidad, de igual forma, el cable de datos es muy corto, no entiendo que ganaron con la reduccion del largo del cable, realmente incomodo, no trae manual impreso o cd (el software Ovi Suite ya viene pre instalado en la memoria para ser luego tranfs a la pc)...

After using it for a week I have decided to dump this phone. There has never been a time when I have received a call successfully in the first go. Most of the time it is the person on the other side who never hears me. They have to call me again, and when i hang up the phone, the phone hangs up on me. I have to take out the battery and restart the phone every time. Some times they are not only able to hear me but also themselves very loud and clear. Once i called up on it, just to verify it it was true, from another mobile and i can hear the echo so clearly that i felt there was a third person, who was part of the conversation and was repeating my words. Had it not been me who paid for this piece of crap, i would have found it pretty funny. Probably would have thanked Nokia for making my words not only loud but doubly clear.And now i am stuck with it because i got it from States and had it shipped to India and now i probably can't even get it repaired here.

Product did not work very well in india (the reason i paid high price for)  ,Had to re-start every time to make a call / receive cal was on luck...not satisfied.gave 2 star as working fine in USA

This cell phone is very easy to use but mi cell phone had problems , the battery does not charge, etc...

i had shopped around and around. i was too ignorant, and settled on this junk drawer of a phone. i had a nokia brick as my first phone so had a false sense of quality from it. phone constantly shuts off apps because memory is full - phone is too slow to support it's own built in apps. WACKfeatures i wanted...#1 - description made the gps look awesome! in fact it SUCKS. takes way too long to locate and is WAY off almost every time. basically useless, because when you are lost you need to know exactly where you are, fast. when i saw how ios or android serve gps i felt very ripped off.#2 - camera quality is much like any 5mp. a lot of phones (and cameras) have these heavy megapixel ratings to trick stupid people like me. we assume more indicates more performance. how did i fall for that again? the flash is ugly as hell, makes color horrid. the first thing i noticed using it was how if i don't like a picture, hit delete, get an error message that memory is full, close apps and yadda yadda... you have to kind of wait and be tricky with it to get it to work... sigh. i need to be able to delete quick at work so i don't have a bunch of extra pics to go through. camera functionality blows. video is ok but needs super bright light to work at all, so not any better than a childs toy camera or crappy webcam.#3 - wifi? yeh i knew wireless G was going to be slow, but combined with this crap browser and buggy phone i felt like i was dialing up to AOL. except that back with AOL i would actually use webpages, with this thing i never could, especially my work website. i got burned pretty bad there, should have had lower expectations.#4 - touchscreen functionality was slow, bugged out, ugly animations (should i say lack of animations). i found myself repeatedly tapping or pressing harder, as a person is prone to do when the crap simply don't work right. i installed a small stack of games on it, all ugly 2d versions of real games. LAME#5 - slide out keyboard? hurt my fingers when pushing upper keys as other reviewers have said. oh and by the way 2 months after warranty expired the screen started to bug out while sliding - i researched to find that is now COMMON among these phones and LAUGHED HEARTILY watching a youtube guide on how to "fix" it (cost of parts and tools + time involved means i won't).#6 - FM radio, i basically used two maybe three times. not sure why i thought that would be cool. bluetooth, slow - never ended up using it. software? a joke obviously, digital poison for your pc. the thing has a headphone jack but since the battery is so crappy i never even put any music on it. all these little extra features seemed cool until i found real life usage was a huge pain.- in conclusion, i foolishly defended this phone and convinced myself that despite it's bugs and quirks that i had somehow gotten the best deal i could afford. now i already need to replace it with another $200 phone, plus the $30 backup i had to get just so i could at least get calls till then... i failed at buying a good phone apparently.

The phone is very comfortable with its Qwerty keyboard and its screen is very sensitive to touch provides ease of use. The camera is very good, 5mp and excellent image quality in both photo and video, the front camera is good too. has many great features, the GPS, wi-fi, it has everything. but should bring a memory even 8 gb because it is included is very small for this phone, supports up to 16 gb, open your documendos of office, pdf, power point slides, etc. can be downloaded free great apps from the store ovi, messenger chat, facebook, hotmail, in order the phone is comfortable, beautiful and an excellent companion for entertainment, nothing to envy to other phones. Good supply of Nokia.

This purchase was to replace my old XpressMusic 5530. Which I used for a phone and heavily used media player. Where the 5530 fell short, this one picks up. Anyone that had the 5530 or probably even the 5800, can tell very well of the bugs they had (shutting off when you tried to pick up a call, random freeze ups, very limited interface, the constantly disconnecting wifi, etc.).INTERFACE:The interface is much cleaner, smoother and a better tactile touch response. Compared to the 5530/5800 even with the SPB Mobile Shell customization, the c6 is a better performer. The wifi pickup is much improved as it will retain the wifi connection and quickly pick it back up if it is dropped.Response is much faster than the predecessors, yet still minimally sluggish. The improved audio is complimented by the larger screen. When playing movies the battery doesn't drain nearly as fast as the 5530 did due to it's larger capacity battery.BODY:It's size is a bit bulkier. But I prefer this one's larger size compared to the 5530 as it was just a bit too small for my hands. The side buttons for volume control, slide lock and camera button are a little difficult to press as the slide out keyboard causes a bit of an obsticle because it tries to slide out when pressure is applied.However, the slide out qwerty keyboard is a great gain. The buttons are a bit small for my large fingers, but typing on it produces significantly less errors than when I had to deal with the touch screen of the 5530.The Nokia tech support has been good to me thus far when I've had issues. I didn't have to deal with a bunch of beurocracy when they needed to cover my warranty. All in all, I'm glad I bought this phone. Due to the improvements and solidarity of the phone & customer service, I'll probably be upgrading this phone to another Nokia when it becomes out dated.

I just received this phone today and I turned on and I happened to notice the white screen right away. Not even five minutes or use and froze on me. With so many smart phones out there I have to say this is not a good product by Nokia. I am surprised Nokia is not listening to users about the complains in regard to this phone. I gave it a try and it is not for me so I packed it in the box and asked for refund from Amazon and they setup UPS for free pickup.Maybe some people are happy with it but as a previous Nokia Owner I have to say this is not as good as someone except from a smart phone.

Nokia C6 Unlocked GSM Phone with Easy E-mail Setup, Side-Sliding Touchscreen, QWERTY, 5 MP Camera, and Free Ovi Maps Navigation (Black)

It was slow. Lagged and the screen had lines going through it. It became unusable. Do not recommend  stay far far away

I like the features. It address my purpose. Outlook compatability, querty keypad.Good camera & Maps.non availability touch screen qwerty keypad is disappointment. bulky but OK.Overall I feel that the phone is value for money.Bhaskar

cuando compre este movil me gusto pero despues de una semena y media comenso a congelarse y un dia no hacia nada totalmente inservible no se lo recomiendo a nadien

The Nokia C6-00 is a nice phone, unique and handy. Received the phone quickly. Amazon does a great job with shipping...if they tell you 2 days, it will be 2, if they say 3-5 days, you might get it in 4.  The phone is not heavy. Like the apps, but wished there were more like what the iPod and iPhone has.  Love the Map, I can download just about any country and it actually shows you where you are without been online and it talks to you while you drive when you put in where you want to go. I had to go away, so I tried it outside of the USA and it still shows you where you actually are. If you need to download the entire USA, you'll need a larger capacity Micro SD card...the USA is large, but you could download which state you need or just search for the address...as I said you don't need to be online to do this.Sometimes when you are at a particular screen it freezes and you have to turn off the phone or the phone turns off without you doing it, otherwise it's okay. For the price, it has a little of everything and some extras that other phones don't have.  WIFI is great, I can pick up WIFI virtually anywhere.I had one problem, I could not find any cover and screen protective films except in the UK or China, so now I have to wait for the package.  Amazon had two types from another company, which I only liked one and they only had one color available and I need more colors. So I'm hoping Amazon will get the cases, so in the future I can buy more cases and other customers would do the same.Overall the phone is nice and does everything it says it would do.

Very much like this Nokia C6. The slide out keyboard and push button is easy. the screen response good when touching. Camera pix is great. Easy viewing your capture pix or slide show with music. Battery time is good, better than my Sony Ericsson or Apple. The size is pretty much compact, smaller than the apple and a bit bigger than my Sony Ericsson because of the full LCD screen. Music sample tested loud but not only single speaker at rear, but using headphone is stereo. Did not add music yet or change ring tone. Installed 16GB memory card (Maximum. No drop calls, reception is excellent and basically,this phone works like it should with no complaint.

proswi-fi: Greattouchscreen: very responsivekeyboard: great (you can adapt to it)Camera: great photos after you create your own scene modeaplications: many on googlePreinstall aplications: quickoffice, facebook and many moreIntegrate Gps: GreatCons:Battery durationIts Heavy but not too much, be aware this phone doesn't charge with the cable by usb, you can charge only with the charger.I'm very happy with this phone, if you decide to buy it, i recomend you to update the firmware version

Phone came with a damaged screen. I live outside the US so now i have to accept my faith...Shame on you Amazon...

El telefono es muy pr&aacute;ctico y completo. La camara toma buenas fotos y es bastante funcional.Nokia se la comi&oacute; con esta versi&oacute;n econ&oacute;mica del N97

This is worse purchase i have ever done. I pay for a nokia pnone that i never have receveid. Nobody knows where is my phone. It is a bad service.

This is a terrible phone, no matter the price. Symbian is annoyingly slow and cumbersome, the simplest tasks require 3 or 4 steps. It takes forever to start. The connectiom to my webmail constantly fails and requires to be set up at least once a month. Uploading photos to Facebook takes forever, since Symbian only uploades to Flickr and Ovi by default. And synchronizing to  Outlook doesn't work at all.The equipment itself is OK. Nokia should kill Symbian and move to Android, otherwise no one will buy their smartphones. At least I know I won't.

The phone hangs constantly and shuts down unexpectedly. On internet is slow and you can not visit web page with standard amount of multimedia content. Generally speaking is slow performance, The OS is confusing and the Nokia store does not have applications for the touchscreen symbian, so you finish having a virtual keyboard occupying half screen for the most of third party applications.Nokia has to do a lot of work in its hardware and software touchscreen phones

Bought this phone to replace a old basic phone on the T-Mobile network. Wanted a keyboard for texting,a camera, music player and WiFi access to hotspots, but do not want to pay for a monthly data plan, so anunlocked phone was an obvious choice. The Nokia C6 is a perfect fit in that respect. Not too expensive,and fullfilled my requirements. Turned on the phone, and connected to WiFi at home. Downloaded thephone software update. Then inserted the T-mobile sim card and the phone worked right the first time. Usedthe setup wizard for Gmail and Facebook without problems. Navigating the Symbian OS is a bit akward butnot too cumbersome. It was difficult to find instructions on how to transfer files from the 2 GB memory cardusing the Ovi software to a larger 16 GB that I had bought. Copying the files using Windows Explorer working just fine.Battery life would be a little better, but I have not tried to adjust settings to increase battery life.Highly recommended if you do not need a lot a apps like on the iPhone or Android phones and want to avoid expensive data plans.

Just bought last month with 16G SD card, total $240. A little complicate for 1st time user, and the manual is not helpful. I don't know how they designed their product manual. But after I get used to the interface and functions, I felt the phone worth the money.Positive:The connection speed to internet is fast using Wi-Fi. I don't have data plan since my office and home have wi-fi. T-Mobile should not like me.Camera is good for pictures with enough lighting. Phone call function is good. I also like the keyboard to be easier typing. Speaker is better than the headphone that the package provided.The most function I like the phone is the build-in GPS. It is much better my 3-year-old GPS. And no internet connection required. Map can be update lifetime.Negative:Screen is small.To slide out the keyboard, I have to use both hands. Maybe my fingers are too big.Generally, the phone has all functions that I want. I am not teenage, so I don't need those fancy features.

yea, so I took a chance with this phone. It had no reviews and Amazon was advertising it, so I said, "what the heck, I can always return it." It had everything I was looking for, quality camera, slide out QWERTY pad, touch screen and priced right. It has a nice touch screen, although, it sometimes took too long to realize whether I had the phone sideways and to change accordingly. Wasn't too impressed with the camera quality and there is a lower grade secondary camera if you want a personal picture. If you try to take a picture of yourself using the main camera, you'll have a hard time finding the button because there is not one on the side so you can easily snap a picture. I'm not very literate to the smart phone world, so bear with me. The QWERTY pad is great, I liked it. Overall the phone was okay, I could have stuck with it. But 4 days after purchase, the deal breaker came when I was losing calls because the ringtones preloaded to the phone stopped working. I didn't change anything about the settings or volume, they just stopped working. Nothing else seemed defective, so I don't know what happened.I took a leap of faith and it didn't pan out. Oh well, on to the next phone!

Had the phone for over a month and I totally love it. Its more than I need. Its convenient because you can use the touch screen or full keyboard. Its not big and it fits in my pocket perfectly. I dont like phones that have bigger screens or are too big and bulky. My phones usually take a beating and Nokia usually withstands my daily beating and abuse of my phone. I have dropped this phone at least 3 times in the cement nothing has happened to it and no scratch on the screen. Has many little applications but I dont really use them. I use the phone for calls, text, dictionary, calendar, alarm and calculator. For ring tones I download songs from my computer to phone and use real MP3 files. The USB cable is included. Hope my review is a little help.

It is a nice goods I think. I'm satisfied about it. But its price drops sharply after I bought it that makes me very upset. lol... Another thing is I can't stop the sound when I take a photo. In a word, it is really attractive!

the phone was ok at first then after a while it started acting slow. and the front camera doesnt work

I loved this phone, the only problem I had with it and it's because I'm near sided and hate to wear my glasses unless I'm going to read the bible, is that the view is too small for me.  If the screen was a little bigger I would have given it five (5) stars.  The WI FI worked perfectly, the volume was perfect.  I titled it a "mini computer" because it keeps you in touch with the world.

excellent phone as i expected .the battery duration is ok and the phone has a wide range of applications for an smart phone highly recommend this phone

I purchased this phone because it is new and looks good. However, it is a bit slow in booting up.

Great phone. QWERTY keyboard is awesome for typing. Touch screen is very responsive. Very affordable for the features. Fast Delivery from Amazon.

I'm very happy with my phone. It is true Symbian doesn't have as many applications as an iPhone or Android, but the phone works great, has great signal, the qwerty keyboard is very nice and the price is great. So I would recommend it.

I was looking for an unlocked Nokia phone with full QWERTY keyboard and this one is absolutely perfect for all my needs: easy to handle, very clear picture on the screen, elegant and handy keybord (with dual white nad yellow lights for keys), excellent Nokia navigation, very usefull and free apps from OVI store + works with all GSM frequencies used in the world. All I wanted and all I needed in one handset. Good buy for someone who is not a big fan of touchscreen typing!

I bought this from [...] (via Amazon), but I currently live in Costa Rica. I love this phone. It has powerful reception where other have little or none at all. Sound and image quality of the screen is great. It comes packed with a great deal of software, and the Ovi Store had everything else I needed for free. The 2GB mini SD memory it comes with has been more than enough for me to this point. Assuming this device is wonderful (for the given price), my only cons are:* It can't be recharged via usb* Pictures taken with the main camera appear a little blueish. Probably need to play a little more with the ISO / White balance settings...* When using the sliding keyboard, the upper row of keys is uncomfortable to reach using your thumbs.* It sometimes "became a little confused" when you make certain movements, rotating the screen when you didn't need it.Sadly, Ovi Maps doesn't have one for my country, which is very disappointing, as I was misinformed of this from the Nokia website, but now I'm getting used to this and looking for alternatives.Friends of mine who have Sony Ericsson Xperia or Nokia n97 where amazed with this device, because of a higher image quality in the first case, and an easier to use sliding keyboard and very similar functions at a cheaper price in the latter.

Bought this phone, was very happy since it is just the way I want: QWERTY phone and touch screen slider. But the phone sucks! For real! Very unresponsive! The email function keeps freezing every now and then, not performing at all. Sometimes the alarm just decided to take a break and the music player decided to act all crazy in the meeting! The phone itself decided that it needs to be online 24/7 and keeps burning out its already limited batter capacity. The browser is also a huge pain in the ass and shut down everytime you want to use the search function! Anyhow, this is not a good choice despite all its cool looks and features. From now on, I will never buy a Nokia phone ever again!

Yo uso telefonos nokia desde hace mucho tiempo pero este telefono me parece bastante malo a pesar de su agradable modelo ya que se da&ntilde;o la pantalla enseguida, tuve que cambiarsela, la se&ntilde;al wireless es bastante mala tengo que estar junto al router para que funciones. Asi que no los recomiendo preferible un nokia 5800, e73 o cualquier smartphone mas estable.

It's so, so.  Very small for a smart phone & worth the investment to purchase a larger one.  Screen small, texting keys far apart, OVI maps you have to squint to see of which isn't good while driving.  It's a great phone for a teenager however.

Phone has great features, but:- Shuts down at least once a day, even without any application extra installed. It looks to be a normal problem - [...], I have a sony Ericson k800i for 6 years, much more stable!!!I wrote this 3 months later...Still resets at least 3 times a day... yesterday even during calling.TODAY I CAME LATE FOR WORK BC I TRUSTED IN THE ALARM FROM THE NOKIA C6... BESIDES SHUDDING DOWN ALONE DURING THE NIGHT... IT RESETED THE CLOCK!!!I REGRET CHOOSING NOKIA... NEVER MORE. I WILL BY A Sony Ericsson Unlocked XPERIA X10 Mini Pro AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. AGAIN NEVER HAD THIS KING OF PROBLEM WITH SONY!

Buen producto,, todo excelente,, pero tenia un problema con el bot&oacute;n de c&aacute;mara, no funciono.

At the beggining it was working just fine but that  lasted a week since that point on the phone has been having problemes with the screen there are some strips across it and it doesn't have a clear image

This phone is just what I wanted in a touch phone and I love it. I will approve it to anyone who wants to get it. Go for it, its ok although I have not connected the ovi, the camera is sharp and the recorded music sound so good.  Thank you Nokia you are really connecting people.

My nokia has made my life easier with my navigation and my link with friends on facebook.Thank you amazon.com for making this possible.

I bought this phone 6 months ago, and since a month its impossible to enter to the menus or messages. The touch screen doesnt work sometimes, and sometimes you press 5 in the touch screen but it writes 2..Also, when you try to unlock using the keyboard, almost always it fails to power the keyboard, so it stays off.The phone is very slow now, and i alredy tried reseting it to the factory settings.. but no joyWhen i first bought this phone was very fast. The ovi maps require a working online conection so its not very useful if you dont have a data contract. The earphones are very cool but it stopped working after 2 months.Resume: Dont buy this crap if you want a phone that will last. Save a few bucks more, and buy something more expensive and well constructed

Good phone, especially for social networking, Facebook is using special touch phones so that if you enter your data with the qwerty keyboard is not registered properly, it works perfect in Costa Rica, draining the battery very quickly if used extensively on the Internet, the camera operates normally.

Pros* Best Value for money* Looks/Feel* GPS with voice navigation* Music* Outstanding Camera (10/10)* Wifi/Net connections* Slider touch screen + Querty still not heavy and fits in pocket easilyCons* Default memory card only 2 GB* Touch screen is bit sluggish(OK for me)* Default head phones which I recieved are worst

Please beware that you cannot download the Nokia Ovi Suite because it currently supports only Windows.  I binged the Internet to look at a roadmap and don't see any hope that Mac machines will be supported at all.The Nokia Software Updater and Maps Uploader apps for Mac do not recognize this phone at all despite successful OTA software update.  The Media syn app also doesn't recognize the phone and so I could't upload music to this device.It is a resistive screen and touch response for me is adequate.  It may be deemed slow or trash, but hey touch screen response is very subjective.  At times the screen would turn white for a second, usually when you slide out the keypad.I like the physical keyboard.  Battery is more than average.  The first full charge did not last a day despite the phone mostly on idle.  The second charge lasted 2 days with apps running.I like the free Ovi Maps the most.  This is probably the phone's best asset.I also like the Facebook ticker.  It seems to me that this is the "Facebook phone.".  Albeit, the typeface is small due to cramped screen.  Also, I never like the legacy Nokia font which existed since my Nokia 5110i.  The FB ticker shows random contacts.  Can't change that to your inner circles.I also like the feel of physical answer/hang-up buttons.  The phone is good quality plastic, the screen however cheap looking.This phone is the low-end ver of Nokia N97 Mini.I am bothered by Nokia's lack of support for US market bec software updates are apparently released first in EU and Asia for similar handset in the US.

I'm simply loving this phone. The only drawback I have, and the reason I did not give it a 5 star rating, is that yes, the OS is a bit laggy when opening screens and you get the white screen for a second or two and I had some apps close on me without any apparent reason or any error message (specially true with the Opera Mobile app).The Nokia C6 looks and feels like a poor man's N97, or more accurately N97 mini, except it's not actually that cheap. The C6 suffers from the worst excesses of the N97's software, without the saving grace of its solid hardware, resulting in a phone that's disappointing at any price.he C6 doesn't look too bad on paper. It's got Wi-Fi and 3.2Mbps HSDPA connectivity for fast Web surfing over wireless or 3G. But Web pages don't look great on the 81mm (3.2-inch) resistive touchscreen. It isn't as bright or sharp as the competition, and we found the Web browser slow and clunky to use. There's also no multi-touch zoom, and there's no other quick method of zooming into the text on a page either. Double tapping the screen does zoom in, but it doesn't reformat the text to fit the screen, which would have been a welcome touch.If the Nokia C6 was selling for a song, we could forgive its cheap-looking case and sluggish performance. But, for a contract price that's up there with that of the HTC Desire, one of the best phones of the year, we expect much more. The touchscreen version of the C6's Symbian OS already felt dated when it came out. Now that a year has passed, it feels painfully behind the curve.AWEOSOME UNLOKED PHONE

Me enviaron un t&eacute;lefono que nunca funcion&oacute;, no encendi&oacute;.Lo retorn&eacute; a amazon lo reemplazaron, sin costo y me reconocieron mis gastos de env&iacute;o desde Costa Rica, lo que considero justo. Luego el que me enviaron funciona muy bien. Lo compr&eacute; para mi hija y ella est&aacute; feliz. Le doy esa calificaci&oacute;n por el hecho de recibir uno que no funcion&oacute; de lo contrario por el precio y aplicaciones del telef&oacute;no habria asignado 5*.Amazon sent me a phone that never worked. I returned to amazon and they replaced it free of charge and took my shipping from Costa Rica, which I consider fair. They sent me one that works very well. I bought it for my daughter and she is happy. I give this rating because receiving one did not work otherwise in the price and phone applications have been 5*.

Realmente es un tel&eacute;fono muy &uacute;til y divertido para quienes necesitamos un tlf tipo PDA (sin necesitar de muchas aplicaciones tontas de juegos y otras que los ni&ntilde;os u otros mas j&oacute;venes estar&iacute;an interesados). Se conecta a las wi-fi de manera muy r&aacute;pida y f&aacute;cil y ademas con una conexi&oacute;n de datos bastante r&aacute;pida tambi&eacute;n. Sin embargo uso el FB, el Whatsapp, ESPNsoccernet y otros de manera habitual y satisfactoriamente.Es de notar, que al ser un tlf de pantalla t&aacute;ctil no es para ser usado por quienes andamos apurados pues a la hora de buscar un contacto o un numero de la agenda resulta algo incomodo(pero esto sucede con todos los tel&eacute;fonos de la categor&iacute;a).  El tel&eacute;fono tiene un teclado qwerty muy pr&aacute;ctico que permite escribir de manera muy eficiente. La c&aacute;mara es buena para los espacios abiertos y soleados, regular para los entornos cerrados y con luz artificial a pesar de los m&uacute;ltiples intentos por configurarla correctamente.En otros aspectos, hay ciertos detalles que deber&iacute;an poder ser cambiados (pero al menos, hasta ahora no he logrado). Uno de ellos y muy importante es poder ver los n&uacute;meros de tlf de cada contacto al momento de ver los registros y de hacer una llamada. Esto es practico porque por lo general, siempre interesa verlo para identificar la operadora a la que haremos la llamada (porque para quienes usamos planes prepagados puede resultar en un gasto mayor al llamar una operadora diferente a la que estamos afiliados).Por otra parte, si les interesa pueden hacer algunos ajustes para evitar consumir bater&iacute;a in&uacute;tilmente. Entre ellos, desactivar el sensor de movimiento (que hace rotar la pantalla de manera autom&aacute;tica y aun cuando no lo queremos). Tambi&eacute;n pueden cambiar el tiempo que dura la pantalla encendida despu&eacute;s de dejar el tlf en standby (dura unos 60 segundos de manera predeterminada y pueden reducirlo hasta 5 segundos). La conexi&oacute;n de datos tambi&eacute;n debe colocarse en la opci&oacute;n "cuando es necesario) de otra forma siempre estar&aacute; conectado.Del resto, creo que no se sentir&aacute;n decepcionados. En verdad es muy bueno! Eso si, no lo usen al conducir porque aparte de ser indebido, ser&aacute; casi imposible por el hecho de ser t&aacute;ctil y realmente nadie quiere que suceda algo malo por ello.Saludos desde Venezuela.

I bought this phone because usually Nokia is great but this one will turn on and off while you're on a conversation, then it's extremely slow phone and when you turn it side ways you must wait at least a couple of seconds with a white screen&iexcl;!Getting another one is your best beat&iexcl;!

I'm simply loving this phone. The only drawback I have, and the reason I did not give it a 5 star rating, is that yes, the OS is a bit laggy when opening screens and you get the white screen for a second or two and I had some apps close on me without any apparent reason or any error message (specially true with the Opera Mobile app).However, the Interent connection is a breeze (but will depend on your internet plan), and using Sports Tracker with the GPS capability is great and very precise. Be aware that the first time you run your GPS on the phone (and anytime you do a hard reset) you NEED to be outside with a clear view of the sky or you will not get a lock. Once you have established the first lock on the sattelites, subsequent locks are a cinch.The phone's constructions is very sturdy, the resistive touch screen is quick to respond and very intuitive to use, even when wearing my motorcycle gloves. So I have no problem with having a resistive touch screen.And for that added benefit, the price of the phone has already dropped $15 since I purchased it, so you can get a good quality phone for one great price.

The phone is very nice, practical and useful.The manual has good explanations in Spanish, easy to understand, the more important that it has WI fi, GPS works well, the OVI store excellent to download applications, to register gives you some free applications.5MP camera is good, of course, I would say that's not better than in my old sony ericsson, but even so can be seen very well the images. Very practical to receive your emails directly to the phone, among other thing.I recommend it!&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&El tel&eacute;fono  es muy lindo, practico y &uacute;til. El manual tiene buenas explicaciones en espa&ntilde;ol, f&aacute;cil de entender, lo m&aacute;s importante que tiene WI fi, el GPS funciona bien, la tienda OVI excelente para descargar aplicaciones, al registrarte te regala algunas aplicaciones gratis. La c&aacute;mara de 5MP es buena, claro yo dir&iacute;a que no mejor que la de mi antiguo Sony Ericsson, pero aun as&iacute; se aprecia muy bien las im&aacute;genes. Muy practico recibir tus correos directamente al tel&eacute;fono, entre otras cosa. Lo recomiendo!

Great lil phone. I really enjoyed the phone until I broke it. Unfortunately don't have very much luck with phones. This wasa good phone to get me into the smartphone realm.

Wrong product sent. What I ordered did not come. The correct product should be C6 not C6-01. Nice phone but not what i wanted.:(

I purchased this phone for a replacement of my 3 year old Motorola Krazer "dumb phone". I wanted to upgrade to a "smart phone" without spending serious ca$h or committing to a 2 year contract. This phone was a great choice that fit those requirements. The reception for T mobile is great! Ive got all the bells and whistles such as qwerty board, touch screen, video calling, MP3 player, wifi, internet, GPS, 5mp camera, plus many many more. The quality of this phone is top notch! The only issue is that there is a lag between screens. A white screen appears for 1 second before the new App comes on. Gets to be a little frustrating when wanting to make a quick call or text sometimes. All in all this is a great phone for $199.99 and would certainly purchase again!

This phone is great for the price.  Software is not up to par as Android and iPhone but still gets the job done.  For the price this unlocked phone is great.  Free navigation works very well, download individual states for US maps or download the whole country's maps.  Web browser works okay but could have better features.  The internal memory sometimes runs slow and kills heavy programs like 3rd party web browser software when dowloading large web pages.Have had the phone for over a month now and had no issues with it.  Can't install the latest apps/games but for the price I'm able to live without them.

First of all i want to say im generally pleased with this phone, very nice menu, touchscreen, very good camera with flash, i installed many applications on this latest revision of symbian OS but my only complaint is that sometimes i get this error saying "not enough memory" ex: Opera mobile loading email.i received the phone in 2 business days, brand new, 5 star store

This was my first Nokia phone. It was too small and you had to hit the touchscreen hard for it to work. It was okay but I wouldnt get another Nokia.

I bought this phone because I like the N97, the N900 and the N8 that was recently released. However, the aforementioned are too expensive for me and this one met my needs for a great price. I loved everything about the phone except the slippery, flimsy, plastic back cover and the constant freezing.  The freezing didn't really occur unless I wanted to type on the keyboard, but I couldn't stand it because I wanted to utilize both my touch screen and the keyboard and I couldn't.  I always had to slap the battery out and "reboot." I'm really disappointed...

Excelente, es la unica palabra que le queda a este equipo y el servicio..Es una maravilla, llego rapido sin problemas el equipo cogio a la 1era y todo funcional... excelente no hay nada q hacer espero siga adelante NOKIA y este vendedor
