
Glad I was able to find such a great phone for a reasonable price. Will continue to buy iphones again. great design and usability

I'm in love with my phone...has some wear & tear but that comes with a used phone. Be careful who you buy from!!!! Read seller reviews!

Fast shipping.  My son is having a hard time getting it activated though, it seems to be locked or something.

The unlocked iphone works great internationally. I purchase it for a 2-yr assignment in Brazil and have to say it worked well, never had an issue.

Great

No audio would send, everything else did work but a phone where no one can hear you is not effective.

Never been happier. Works Really Well. Perfect Condition! Easy to use. Love all the apps I can get on it. Use this phone for everything

Very disappointed and had nothing but trouble trying to connect this phone due to the phone being reported stolen so am unable to connect this phone. Still have had no help from seller straightening the issue!

Simplemente me encanto esta en muy buen estado y la presentacion del paquete esta muy padre creo q estoy muy contento con esta compra volveria a comprar otro

perfect, its what i m waiting for. I would like to buy iphone with u again when the new iphone come, thanks alot

I was so wary when I ordered this - because it was locked. But I got the phone, it was perfect, and I was already on the AT&T network and it works wonderfullyl! Well done to the seller!

It took a while for me to receive the phone.  I ordered the IPhone because it said it was new, never been used and would come in a box.  The phone did not come in a box and it did not include the &#34;instruction book.&#34;  The parts (ear plugs and charger) were VERY, VERY used.  The phone itself does look new.

The iPhone does basic things I needed for - receive phone calls.The phone is very slow and has a short battery life. I used iPhone 4 when it was the newest phone from Apple. And at that time, I purchased it from Apple. I don't remember the phone being so slow and having less than a day of battery life. This made me wonder if the phone from Amazone is really manufactured by Apple.I know its older version and only 16GB but it clearly is lower quality than the iPhone 4 i purchased directly from apple.

GUYS NO SIRI! That's the first thing everybody seems to want to know. I personally don't care, but a lot of people complain in the reviews about it. It's a great little phone, two cameras, flash only on the back one. It's fast, and can do everything my recent Windows Phones did and more!

Good Phone Get this phone very good when you need a Phone get iPhone best Good smile Apple Unit. Company is very good to there new customers when you ask for missing things with your order, Buy from them they will help you anytime you need question about any wrong orders,

I only bought this because my 4s broke but it was nice that I could get it at a good cost and not have to go through actual AT&T to do it.

The iPhone came in it's original sealed box. I took it to AT&T store. They inserted a sim card at no charge and helped me to transfer info from my old phone to the new one. Works great!

It worked except for the home button. Had to have it fixed, which is basically essential for the working of the phone.

I got the good phone as i saw in the picture .Only thing can be improve is packing ! the phone was wrap in cardboard.

Below is my review of the 16GB model that I purchased in September. Please note that this is strictly my opinion of the phone itself, I have no knowledge of this seller or the condition of the phones they sell.I had the 8GB 3G model and thought that was great, until I got a demo of the iPhone 4. Man is this version is light years ahead of the original model.With a 1Ghz CPU, and 16GB of flash memory, this thing is a portable office/entertainment center par excellence. I've had this phone for 3 months without a single problem, the display is nice and sharp, the apps load very fast, and I now have over 130 apps to perform just about every duty you could possibly think of with absolutely no impact on performance. And on the ATT 3G network, I average download speeds of around 1.8Mbps, and over 1M upload speeds....and how do I know that, cause I got an app that tells me that's how. BTW, the display is the equivalent of a 960x640 on your desktop (double the 3G model) so what you see is essentially a high res yield and page loads are superfast. And resident memory, after a full days use I just checked and still had 120Mb of Ram available. On the 3G model that number was usually down around 4Mb by the end of the work day and had to be refreshed.I was in the computer/design/manufacturing business for 20 years, and this is by far the most amazing piece of technology I have ever seen or imagined. Even the battery life is 3x better than the previous model, and thats a good thing cause its integrated but a full charge should yield and entire days work of calls, emails, surfing the web, SMS messaging, and play. I no longer need my laptop cause there's nothing I cant do with the iPhone, and that includes sending faxes, editing Excel or Word documents, and even printing. A flash for the 5MP camera, an HD video camera, and even real time video conferencing over a wireless network, and Bluetooth that unlike the 3G model is actually compatible with everything you throw at it, including Garmin GPS....just amazing. This thing even has 2 mics with noise suppression so calls are clearer on the other end. Man, Apple hit this one out of the park.BTW, with all the apps, music, and videos I've got loaded on this thing I've still got 10GB of flash memory remaining. I cant imagine why anybody would need more storage, and the 32GB model isn't any faster and doesn't have any more features. You'll need iTunes on your desktop to get the most out of this phone and iTunes can be a little intimidating at first but its worth the trouble, and all the instruction you need can be found on the web or Youtube for transferring photos, videos, music, apps, etc.Update 12/09/10: I've been reading up on the "antenna problem" with the iPhone 4G and have this to say.... It is easily cured by slapping on a hard case or shell on the phone, which eliminates the issue I see some people complaining about. I have personally never experienced this issue because I left the AT&T; store with a protective shell on my phone which virtually everybody I've ever seen with an iPhone has anyway. Very simply you CANNOT replicate the reported "death grip" problem with a shell around the outer frame. Cant be done. And BTW, I don't know if its due to network improvements or what but lately I'm getting 4Mbps download speeds so if anything I'm happier with my purchase now than I was 4 months ago. Zero complaints, and that's something most smartphone users of other OEM products can't say.Apparently this phone from Worldwide Distributors is LOCKED, according to other reviewers on Amazon. If you plan to use this phone outside AT&T;'s network you may have a problem. A word of advise is to contact these sellers with all your questions re: status of the phone, new or refurbs, return policy, warranty, etc before buying. Most of the one star reviews on Amazon are from idiots that paid $800 for this phone without doing proper due diligence.A final word: Beware negative reviews on here that are filled with bad English and are authored by individuals who have written only one review (on the iPhone) and posted it in several locations on Amazon's site. Its easy to pick these out, and they have no doubt been written by the same person. See the comments section for a definitive review on the Iphone 4 and the overblown "antenna issue" from Anandtech.comOh wait, I do have one complaint about the iPhone 4. Several times a month my girlfriend gets mad at me and hangs up in the middle of the conversation so I guess I'm suffering from this "dropped call" thing after all. haw haw

Not any better than the IPhone three, the only difference is the cost and ability to take pictures with both sides, And I'm not sure that taking pictures of your self is necessarily worth the cost

My daughter was very pleased with the Iphone 4, it's an amazing phone and was in like new condition, thanks John

Im on my 2nd iPhone 4, to me this device captures  all of what an phone should be, and strive to be. It's beautiful design of reinforced glass, the minimalistic feel and premium quality make this device a cut above the rest. Great camera, great music integration, fantastic clarity of the screen, and to me it's best quality is its size.I'm president of the fat finger club! I have big hands, and even with a 3.5' screen, I can hit each letter on the keyboard with amazing accuracy. I don't have anything against other phone makers who love putting out 4.3-5.3 inch screens. To each there own-for me, the iPhone hits the perfect size.Pros: music, apps, browser, email, display, auto correct, keyboard, iOS platform, video playback, camera, multi-tasking, size of the device.Cons: it might be reinforced glass, it's still glass, the antenna, and the home button. Never was a fan of the home button, mainly because after a while, it'll start to stick, or you have to keep repeatedly pressing it.To anyone who hasn't yet bought a smart phone, and is thinking about buying one, I recommend the iPhone. There isn't a very steep learning curve, in fact, you'll learn the device inside a few hours.And to anyone who wants to upgrade to the 4s, I've played with one, of you have a 4, stay with it til the 5 comes out, if you have a 3GS or 3G its well worth it to upgrade.Remember, the iPhone 4 is first and foremost a phone, so don't get it if you aren't in a good coverage area, because the antenna really isn't as good as phones like the droid razr, or phones from htc, they build phones with great cellular radios.

The phone did not fit in the case and had a deadspot on the left side of the screen. Was returned and not replaced.

i have not gotten my phone. How do i get my money back. or at-least get my phone in a week.

I received this ip4 during 3days after purchasing it.However, there r two things not very good:1. The silver speaker cover just disappear;2. This is an locked phone, I cannot use my t mobile card.So, I just sent return request to return it.

Came in quickly, works perfectly! No noticeable scratches just minimal ones from wear and tear, battery is great also. Thank you for the great phone!

Awesome phone can't complain.  It is new and great condition and ready to use.  I love Apple products and could have not gone wrong with the phone.

IPhone came on time, package was in a good condition, but and big but there was some scratches around the phone, which was very disappointing to me, as I am buying new phone which should come with zero scratches.Alfredo

For me, this is the best cell phone I ever had. The camera has an excellent 5 megapixel resolution. I can take pictures or videos in high definition. You may notice much difference between the old iPhone with this one. this phone has more speed than previous ones. New applications are made for this cell are incredibly fantastic, the games with better graphics. The iphone definitely have nothing to envy to others

Thanks :)

Device was in great condition, just as explained on the add. All in great shape and working. Really loved it!!

Item just as described.  Works great.  Shipped very quickly.  Very happy with my purchase.  Way better than having to bid.Thank you so much.

looks great and everything is working and functioning smoothly, I like the (Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 16GB (AT&T)). am very happy with it.

Unfortunately, I had a bad experience with this purchase.The phone I received looked good but acted seriously weird, never a good combo.The apple store genius bar opened up the phone and discovered traces of liquid damage, explaining the problems.  There and then, they offered me a replacement phone (at a discount, but not for free obviously) which I bought, having no alternative phone.  The apple store took the defective phone i.e., I couldn't return it to Amazon/this seller.  Subsequently, I filed a claim with Amazon, which they denied because I couldn't return the item.  Never did they actually contact me to ask for more info f.ex., apple store receipt.  Neither did the seller even though there was some communication about refund.  Well, that's an easy way out for something called 'a-z guarantee program'.Conclusions:- I would not recommend buying used electronics items from this seller as it doesn't seem the testing they may be doing is foolproof- I would not recommend buying used electronics items from amazon except if you know the seller to be 100% trustworthy

It's really good but like a spec of water touched the screen and I couldn't  stop it from calling people

Everything was OK, I receive the phone sooner than I was expecting, The phone works really good and looks like new.

Story in short ->1. The first moment I see this stunning beauty iPhone 4: I said WOW! I am totally in disbelief mode how one can make so beautiful thing. I am in total love with the lady.2. After living with this lady for some days: How could God (Apple) create so beautiful with ugliest heart!!! I mean beauty is sometime very deceptive but not that much.3. I am still in love with this stunningly beautiful lady: I return first iPhone 4 and try another iPhone 4. Still hoping for best.4. I got same replica of this lady. (God cannot create the exact replica of most beautiful things but Apple can)5. After living with this lady only for few days: I am more than happy to part my ways with this stunning beauty. Let me tell you, in my whole life I have never been so happy to part my ways with so beautiful lady.6. Now I am in totally hate of this lady to the extent I even don't want to the face of this lady. I say: Hey Beautiful lady please go back to Apple's beautiful store, museum or in REEL life (MOVIE). You have no place in my REAL life.Interested in full version of the story? Please go head and read.My first review ever (FYI I am 35+ of age and bought many products). I have never written any review for any product so far. THE SOLE PURPOSE OF WRITING THIS REVIEW IS TO SAVE YOU YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY. SO HERE GOES THE ONE OF MOST HONEST REVIEW OF THE GREAT IPHONE 4 WITHOUT BEING MESMERIZED BY THE SHEER BEAUTY OF THE PHONE.SO READ THIS REVIEW IF YOU DO CARE OF YOUR MONEY ELSE YOU ARE MORE THAN WELCOME TO BUY IPHONE 4 AND HAVE YOUR EXPERIENCE OF YOUR OWN.I received my iPhone 4 almost 17 days back from AT&T; on 12th Oct 2010. From the first day itself it started showing me all of its true colors.Pros:1. As everybody says great display (Retina display).2. Great and simple and nearly perfect touch user interface.3. Hands down the most beautiful phone with best built and finishing.4. 5MP HD camera.Cons:1. `ANTENNAGATE' -> From the moment we started using it we had that notorious 'antenna' problem. Everybody including us so much pissed with the voice quality suffered because of this issue that we preferred not to talk at all. Sometime the voice was so low at both ends that it was not audible at all. Even after putting the bumper on the phone did not solve the problem entirely. Sometime though rare we noticed the above antenna symptoms again. I PROUDLY SAY "I WAS ABLE TO PRODUCE THIS PROBLEM ON ALL FOUR IPHONE 4 I HAD COME ACROSS". ON ALL THE IPHONES THE SIGNAL BARS WENT TO 2 FROM 4-5. Many videos can be found on youtube.com for the same (JUST CHECK THEM OUT THEY WILL FEEL YOU GREAT HORROR MOVIES IPHONE 4 BEAUTY LOVERS). This issue was not blown out of proportion as against what Steve Job's claimed.There are some very important things to note here about this so called `most appreciated company' Apple and one of its best product iPhone4:(i) SEE THE CHANGING COLORS OF APPLE/APPLE CEO STEVE JOBS:(First) No such problem ->(Second) Not that big problem ->(Third) Others are having the same problem (Did you hear it before? Or at least others don't give trouble when you hold them in your normal style) ->(Fourth) Take the bumper ->(Fifth) Avoid holding in that position.Apple CEO Steve Jobs said `avoid holding that way'. Apple Please tell us why should customer amend their `normal' way of holding the phone that too after having paid so much price? Instead should not Apple should have taken the moral responsibility of this mistake and recalled it?Apple/Steve should be ashamed of when they asked to asked customer to change the way of holding the phone. But how Steve could do that? Then he will no longer be the best CEO of the so called best company? (It would have incurred the loss right?) Most ridiculous asking so far I guess. Why there should be any restriction on the most basic thing `holding the phone'. It's like one electronic switch company saying please press the button in certain way else ...'(ii) This antenna problem comes into the play when most of the right handed people hold the phone their most natural way. It seems that so big and quality conscious company has even failed to do even a simple usability and quality testing. Shame on you Apple!2. BATTERY -> Battery would run only for 24 hours at max without using battery consuming features. So all claims of this many hours for standby, video, internet etc. looks false.3. TURNED OFF ITSELF -> On 17th day my iPhone 4 turned it off on its own though it was fully charged.4. NO ADOBE FLASH SUPPORT -> Though `Adobe flash' is universal standard for web this iPhone 4 still does not support it. Great Mr. stubborn Apple!5. SPEAKER VOICE NOT GREAT -> Speaker voice not that loud and not acceptable for this so called great smart phone. Many Other phones outperform iPhone 4 in this area.6. VERY POOR SIGNAL RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITY -> Call voice quality average and not that great what one would expect from this phone. MY BLACKBERRY CURVE 8310 WITH THE SAME ATT NETWORK WOULD WORK EVEN IN UNDERGROUND PATH STATION AND THIS GREAT IPHONE 4 DOES NOT EVEN WORK INSIDE WALMART WHICH IS QUITE OPEN WITH THE SAME ATT NETWORK. POOREST SIGNAL RECEPTION. THE T-MOBILE NETWORK WITH THE BASIC PHONE (WHICH I USED TO HATE A LOT EARLIER) SEEMS WORK BETTER THANKS TO IPHONE 4. SO IN SHORT THE WORST COMBO IS WORKING BETTER WHEN COMPARED TO BEST COMBO (ATT AND IPHONE 4)Another couple shared the same thing with me. They told me that Blackberry Torch with worst network (T-Mobile) was having better reception than the dead combination iPhone and ATT.7. BAD 3G EXPERIENCE -> I noticed couple of other things with respect to 3G. When I keep 3G and cellular data on, the signal bars are very low where regular network is giving full bars and I was not able to access the web at all even in prime city locations. Not sure whose problem it is: Apple or service provider.Once I turned the cell data on and the bar became from four to one and then zero, after that my iPhone went into Searching mode forever though I turned off the cell data plan. As usual I restarted the phone and it worked. Looks like another bug in phone's simple functionality.8. BEAUTY IS ONLY SKIN DEEP -> This iPhone's beauty is only skin deep. Beautiful by looks only not by heart (features). If you compare it with a woman then I would say its most beautiful woman but with HIV. So you can do whatever with this stunning lady but those basic things (you know what I mean right?)9. THE LADY WITH HIV LIKES TO BE TOUCHED AGAIN AND AGAIN -> This lady with HIV will work only when you touch it, thanks to the touch interface of it. So if want turn off the phone press the button then touch (slide). You want to turn it on; press the button and touch (slide the finger on it). Want to make a call? Touch the phone application icon and then type the number (forget the good old days when you just touch either number key or call button and you could do it). Done with you call and want to finish the call? Don't forget to touch the end button. ENOUGH?10. EXPLOITING CONSUMERS -> Like other companies (Earlier Microsoft for example) Apple also started using malpractices and exploiting the situation because this company is now in command. Some examples :(i) AV component cable you have to buy from Apple only. Other's cables do not work. Now imagine the price of Apple's AV component cable: $49. That's almost 1/10 of the price of the phone itself.(ii) The iPhone cannot be (or as easily) unlocked as other phones.(iii) I heard if you unlock the iPhone the other's carrier's SIM does not go that well (May be because of its unlocking through software not through hardware).(IV) ON ATT AND APPLE WEB SITE YOU WILL NOT FIND ANY REVIEW OF THIS GREAT IPHONE 4. REASON: APPLE CANNOT MAKE ANYTHING LESS THAN GREAT! (HA HA HA)SUMMARY: THIS IPHONE 4 IS EVERYTHING ELSE BUT CELL PHONE. PLEASE SPEND YOU MONEY ON SOMETHING WORTH AND MAKE SURE AT LEAST YOU ARE GETTING WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THAT IS A CELL PHONE AT LEAST WITH GOOD RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITY.Question to all of you ->Now I ask you all, the phone which cannot even offer you basic things well, what you would call it smart phone? There is one car with all kind of luxuries: AC, pool, TV and whatever you can imagine but it does not drive well. The engine gives some trouble after every two hours. Will you buy that car? Are you going to live in that car? First thing for any vehicle obviously is smooth driving right? Same way most important thing for any cell phone is good signals and good voice quality. This phone lacks in those basic things. Apple, you have to get those basic things right. So when consumer reports did not suggest this phone to consumers they were absolutely right.I am not that happy with this phone.Update on 6th Nov 2010 ->I tried my second iPhone 4 after returning the first. The experience is getting worse about this iPhone 4 and I have decided to return the phone. ATT exchanged my first iPhone4 with already returned by other customer (Looks like other than me there was one more wise guy in this world who returned this phone). Shame on ATT who charged me the price of new piece and sent me the refurbished one.Bye Bye the great beautiful iPhone 4, Please go back to Apple Beautiful store or museum or in REEL life (movie) , you have no place in my REAL life or pocket which is looking for just a decent usable cell phone.Update on 25th Nov 2010 ->I returned the second iPhone 4 also and start using my other spare $9 phone. CAN YOU BELIEVE $9 phone is working better in terms of voice and reception quality.SINCERE ADVICE ->->-> Please wait for next iPhone. This iPhone 4 really sucks. Apple had become very over-confident when they release iPhone 4, because they know there are many BEAUTY BLIND people who would buy this DUMB BEAUTY without even reading review for it even though they had to stand in the QUEUE.

I think the product looks good, scratch and works properly.I received the item on time.But I expected a headphone, but it was not in the package.

We received our order earlier than expected! My kids were able to update software immediately, all features worked perfectly and thus have two happy teenagers/parents! Highly recommend buying from laptopangels!

Great phone. everything worked great, i only returned it cause a family member gave me theirs for free. When i  got it it was in super great condition, their was hardly any noticeable wear on it from daily use. The battery didn't last as long as i would have hoped but regardless if you're always near a charger or have a way to charge it i highly recommend it, but since i'm always taking daily trans and sometimes i get lost i need a battery that was a little longer lasting but i'm sure you could get that replaced. not sure how much that'd cost but all i give it a 4.5/ 5

i love this phone so much because of the retina display.it is so clear. I also love it for the apps that apple has to offer.I have so many games and apps that help me out in life,like when i order something here on amazon it shows me wheremy package is at or when im bored waiting in line for something it keeps me busy.those are just some of the things that i love about it.you must see to appreciate this phone. I dont know why the other person who reviewed  this said it sucks.i love it!

The iPhone 4 was a great investment. I have two children, ages 1 1/2 and 3 1/2 and they are obsessed with it. It is the perfect time waster while at restaurants  while you are waiting for your food. It keeps the kids quiet and happy. Face talk is the best feature it has! My husband is a firefighter and is gone for days at a time and the fact that my kids and I can FaceTime him is amazing. My kids LOVE it and they think it's hilarious that they can see him in the phone. The phone takes great pictures and video. I highly recommend this phone. You won't be disappointed.

I ORDERED THE IPHONE 4 FOR MY HUSBAND ABSOLUTELY DID NOT EXPECT THE PHONE TO LOOK BRAND NEW, BUT IT DID.  EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT , DELIVERY WAS ON TIME. I AM VERY HAPPY I ORDERED FROM PHONE2DRIVE.

...with my product because it had a defect, so I went to the apple store and they told me the warranty was expired. It means the phone was more then one year old. I was not happy about that. On the other hand, I didn't have any problem returning it. I appreciate!

I gave four stars only because my front camera doesn't work and that's the main reason why I wanted the phone. but other than that its perfect.

I was sold an unlocked AT&T iphone 4.  But what i received was a LOCKED to AT&T carrier iphone 4 with a Broken left speaker. I need an unlocked phone and have no use for a contact AT&T phone.

so i bought this used iPhone.  It looks brand new!  Does not look like it has been used.  I am very happy with the phone

I bought this new but the phone had some cosmetic damage (which I really could care less about, but this was supposed to be new, right?) and the speaker didn't work at all - so no one could ever hear me talking. I had to return it because while I could get the speaker fixed, the internal system always bugged out (I've never had a problem with Apple software in the past) and the GPS couldn't locate the Statue of Liberty, let alone any address I tried to find. I was very disappointed in this product.

Great

The first thing that happened was the phone wasn't shipped in time. It arrived late. By the third week, the phone had an internal fault, and I asked for a refund. The seller agreed to replace the phone, which when he did he sent me a 8G instead of another 16G.This phone also had problems within the first couple of weeks. I made him aware I wasn't happy with the difference in the phones, and asked for a partial refund. He agree to refund to me $60.00, and send another phone. So instead of sending a 16 G he sent another 8G phone without the $60.00 refund. I have yet to see any money returned by him. This phone is working but I don't know for how long. I wouldn't recommend buying anything from PARTY SCHETCHER or  Dong &#34;Rick&#34; Tang. He seemed nice enough nut the refund never arrived. I feel like I have been ripped off.

I bought this phone a few weeks back refurbished from Pasha Electronics (one of the available sellers) for about $350 plus shipping. It came very quickly via USPS and AT&T; had no problems porting everything from my old iPhone 3G to said iPhone 4. The condition it was in when it arrived was very good, only one minor shallow scratch near the bottom right corner. The audio was crisp. Even the signal seemed to be better when the phone was configured properly. However, I'm giving this item, well, the seller really, 2 out of 5 stars because they sent me a phone with faulty connectors on its logic board. The rear camera would not initialize no matter what I did meaning that the virtual shutter would not open no matter how long you waited for it. I tried everything to get it working again. Apps that didn't use the shutter, on and off tricks, force quitting, hard reset, a couple of complete device restores, everything short of completely wiping the phone and starting from an empty shell, even buying 2 new rear camera units and switching both out for the original unit that came in the phone, still nothing! And the high end sharp optics rear camera was one of the major reasons why I bought this phone in the first place! So I eventually had to go into the Apple Store and get the phone replaced with a completely new phone for another $150 due to there being no warranty on the refurbed unit I bought from Pasha Electronics. I'm upset and annoyed that I ended up having to pay more in order to correct the seller's simple mistake of not testing the devices (which should have been Apple Certified Refurbished by the way; they are not when you buy from this seller) to ensure that they are in proper working order before they ship them out to their customers, which would've taken only about an extra 5 minutes to do.Long story short, DO NOT BUY FROM PASHA ELECTRONICS! Buy from Apple or an authorized Apple dealer instead. Don't get screwed like I did.

The price was excellent, product arrived on time and shipping package was good.  However, the phone was described as new and I don't believe this is true. The exterior of the phone is scratch free, but The iPhone box was slightly worn, resealed and had unfamiliar labels on the back.  The protective screen cover on the phone was very worn.  The assistant manager at my local AT&T store told me that he believed the phone was not new that it was a refurbish phone as I also suspected it was.  I guess only time will tell.

I recive it without factory box,pasport,manual,papers.if I want sale it -I can't... phone works fine. kjbfrbgf jhbfjhbf ejhfbehbf kjnkkjl kjbrkjb

As our economy grows, newer and more advanced technology is presented all over the world.  The most common piece of technology that excites and gets people reaching for their wallets are cell phones; or as we now call them, smart phones.  In the past cell phones were only used to make calls on the go; now there used for texting, surfing the web, and work/business.According to reviews and sales charts the phone that was considered to be the best for texting, surfing, the web, and business/work is the "iPhone".  The iPhone was produced by Apple and is pretty much their best seller.  I myself once had an iPhone, but like many "iPhone lovers" out there I'm not really a fan.  I actually prefer its nemesis the "Android".  I prefer the Android over the iPhone because of the iPhone's small design, the pricy apps, and the lack of flash support.Don't get me wrong the iPhone has a beautiful design but just isn't for me.  The main thing I look for in a phone is the size, but that's something the iPhone lacks.  It displays a 3.5" screen while my Android (The Droid Bionic) displays a 4.3" screen.  Pretty big difference huh?  The iPhones size makes it difficult for me for me to hold onto , forgetting to mention its too sleek, and glassy design.  This just makes the phone slippery and even harder to hold on.  Due to the screen size only being 3.5" it makes it harder for me to stream videos and surf the web.  Don't get me wrong, the graphics are beautiful, but so are the Androids; plus the bigger screen which makes it even better.  I am constantly streaming videos and surfing the web so that's a two thumbs up for me.Another reason I don't like the iPhone is because of the pricey apps.  There are tons of apps to go through, but a lot of them you have to pay for.  You can find the same apps on the Android and get them for free.  The apps are also a little more complicated to use on the iPhone.  For example when downloading an app or purchasing one you would always have to enter your email address and password.  Why the hassle?  On the Android you simply search, click download, and within seconds your app is ready to use.  Another example of an app on the iPhone I find complicated to use is the music downloading apps.  Searching and downloading music on the iPhone is really complicated.  Once you find an app that actually allows you to download music, the first thing the app does is direct you to a music downloading site like "BeeMp3.com".  Then once you find the song you want and download it the song wouldn't even appear in your "music folder".  You'd have to find it somewhere in your files, which can get very frustrating.  On the android there are music apps that you can download that let you download from its own source and not a random website.  After a song is downloaded it actually appears in your music library making things way easier.Lack of Flash support is another reason why I prefer the Android over the iPhone. To some it isn't really a big deal, but to me personally it is.  As I said before I am constantly surfing the web and streaming videos, but without flash you can't really do that.  75% of video on the web is run by flash.  Although, there is an explanation of why there is no flash in the iPhone and Apple products.  As stated by one of the co-founders of apple, Steve Jobs,"Although Flash has recently added support for H.264, the video on almost all Flash websites currently requires an older generation decoder that is not implemented in mobile chips and must be run in software. The difference is striking: on an iPhone, for example, H.264 videos play for up to 10 hours, while videos decoded in software play for less than 5 hours before the battery is fully drained."I guess the main reason for there being no flash is so that iPhones and other Apple products will have a longer battery life and from my experiences that statement is true all the way.The iPhone is not my favorite smart phone, but definitely is still one of the best smart phones out there.  The design is flawless, covered with alluminosilicate glass that is said to be 20 times stiffer then plastic and 30 times harder then plastic.  The apps don't really fit my needs, but still there are millions of apps to go through that fit other iPhone user's needs.  Although there is no flash support in the iPhone the longer lasting battery is there to back it up, so you are able to enjoy your iPhone without worrying about the battery dying.  As you can see, the iPhone is a great phone, but personally I'd still prefer the Android because of the much bigger display, the millions of FREE apps to search through, and the use of flash support.

this is a great product for the price. Easy to install and has been doing its job for months now

Amazing phone, excellent seller. Thanks and grettings from Venezuela :)

It has been the best phone I have has so far. I'm very pleased with it. Love it. Thank you

The price wasn't what I wished it was, but I can't complain. I am overall very happy with the product.
