
Buen Dia, amigo yo realice la compra por un Apple 3G iPhone Cellphone 16GB GSM Unlocked (Black) y me llego fue un 3G iPhone , no lo puedo utilizar cmo telefono, que debe hacer ahora, gracias y en espera de respuesta.Good Day, I friend make the purchase for Apple 3G iPhone Cellphone 16GB GSM Unlocked (Black) and I came was an iPhone 3G, I can not use phone how, to do now, thanks and waiting for reply.Att. Mayra Montero.TEf.04125007723/04124817076Venezuela

The phone did not work...it had a broken button for the sim card. the charge would not hold ( dead battery) and the phone could not be reset. Amazon contacted me and they are processing the refund after 2 weeks...Happy I was not ripped off...would try vender again since I got my refund...

I purchased this for my wife who prefers an iphone. One of the reasons I chose it was because it was listed as a new phone which means it should come under manufacturer's warranty. It died after lasting less than 6 weeks. The local store refused to send it for repair or otherwise honor the manufacturer's warranty on an iPhone purchased through Amazon.

Alway a pleasure to have this Cellphone even tthoygh it's an old version of apple but great for texing and

I liked the phone and all , seller was great. Only this is I couldn't use the phone for what I wanted too because it would only update to 4.1.2 or something and what I needed it for needed to be a 4.1.3 other than that it was a great phone but just not what I needed it for, so I sold it

The phone worked for about 2 1/2 months then crashed. Seeing that it came without the ear-phone and I had to contact Wireovia to get one, I am of the opinion they sent me a refurbished or used phone instead of a new one which I paid for.

When something is sold as new, I think it should be new. new in a nice sealed box, not an opened box that clearly had been repacked. couple scuffs and scratches on the back and a sticker in french. battery dead. inside box was the same, clearly used items, and nice user manuals in french and german, well i speak english and spanish, so lucky this is not my first iphone.will update if bettery ever charges and phone turns on. until then buyer beware!

This phone doesn't support current applications nor can its software be updated. So, for example, facebook, skype don't work.  Besides, it was too slow. I returned it to the seller and got a full refund

didn't work.... hated it.. and I Hate the word HATE... I ran around all day trying to recover my old phone.. Even APPLE said parts inside were NOT APPLE PARTS... it was worst experience I HAVE EVER HAD... NEVER AGAIN.... JUNK!!!! i guess u get what u pay for...

Not really sure how Amazon puts reviews on these items... as sellers appear to change when I click same item later on.  For me the seller RazorbackJones provided an iPhone 3G.  It was unlocked, it was GSM, it was in excellent condition.  I would trust this seller... some other of same item, no way.  And no, I am not related to this seller.. ha ha ha

As many others have said, this is a jailbroken phone, rather than simply being unlocked. It functions well for phone calls and texts, but to use it for anything else (Internet, Facebook, etc.) is annoying. This phone continues to crash when I use it. I wish I would have gotten something else.

I am very satisfied with my purchase. Iphone in excellent condition, appearance as well as functioning. Packing was fine and delay for expedition and reception was perfect. This was very important for me at that moment.

I loved this phone but the battery a) wouldn't take a charge and b) when it did charge, it lasted all of 1 hr if that.  The seller was wonderful and arranged repair/replacement at once.

This is not worth it cant use facebook or wattsapp my daughter is so disapoin ted I am not happy at all

I bought the wrong product, so it was sort of my fault.  However, it seems that this was jailbroken, and then I uprgraded the iOS and had to re-jailbreak it.  I sent it back.

This phone is slow, the touch screen works when it wants to, and some features/apps on the phone just do not work. Should have saved my money for a new one instead.

The unit malfunctions and I have not been able to correct it. The message of forwarding call will always appear at any receiving call even though it has been set to be off. Also, the unit is too slow to respond on any key function. I live in Spain at the present and I am stock with this phone.

I dislike the fact that it is a 3g with a back cover of a 3gs. inside of the phone have a black back ground and can never change. no matter which picture chosen the back ground remains the same black. The USB cord which came with the 3G Iphone do not fit the Iphone properly.

I was highly disappointed because it advertises as a new phone but actually it was a REFURBISHED phone... so the advertiser lied!  However, the good was that Amazon customer service allowed me to keep it ( I had to have it asap for travel) and they reimbused be the difference between the new and refurbished phone... and they told me I could return it if it does not work!  So far, this phone works fine, it is unlocked with Cydia... which I'm not happy about, but maybe all phones are unlocked that way. By the way... if you travel and you want to install a SIM card, you must have the GSM with a unlocked phone...

El tel&eacute;fono llego en perfecto estado lo recomiendo al 100 %. trajo sus accesorios completos y llego en el tiempo indicado.

It is really impossible to use it because it appears to be locked when I specifically asked for an unlocked phone... It has no instruction on how to use it.... I bought a new phone and I received a phone that looks like a refurbished phone and it is sitting in my house because I can not use it... I hate the service I have been getting from these sellers its as if I have a bad luck...  I HATE OYUR SERVICE PERIOD!!!!!!!!!!!!

The phone was jailbroken not unlocked and it was an 8G not even a 16G. There were also some wierd things that didnt add up, like the sellers name on the recieving address indicating it was shipped to them. The phone is unable to sync with the itunes program because it is jailbroken so it is absolutely useless. Do not purchase anything from this seller!!!

Amazon's policy states that jail broken iPhones are not supposed to be sold on their site.  These are jail broken--that's why the buyer is responsible if the phone locks.  These iPhones will lock as soon as you update the software.  That can be a problem.  Also, jail broken iPhones have no Apple warranty.  Further, Apple has not made these phones for several years.Why would anyone pay for a several year old iPhone with no factory warranty?Before buying one of these jail broken iPhones, you should consider how these problems will affect you.At least if you are unhappy, you can demand a refund under Amazon's A to Z guarantee by pointing out that these jail broken iPhones are prohibited items according to Amazon's own policy--unless Amazon changes this policy.

I didn't realize that this model was so outdated, all I could do with it was send/receive phone calls and text messages.

Really love my unlocked phone your phone is just great with straight talk and it really works great for less money

These guys sold to me this phone as unlocked but i discovered its not unlocked,and they say used like new but its used with a lot of scrtches now i am still waitting for their response coz i cannot use this phone,it also came with AT&T sim card

If you are a fan of smart phones I guess you should be looking for a phone as smart as this particular one. It is perfect in every prospective. I totally like this phone. Not only me even my friends and family members has a special interest about this phone. Everybody think this phone is special, cute and awesome. So to take  a good care of this awesome phone I use100 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes (iCA100) for Flightdeck Displays, EFB & iPad Touchscreens, Aviation Electronics, GPS Monitors & HUD Displaysas a solution.

This was advertised as a unlocked. I had multiple issues trying to get it setup w/straight talk. The phone actually was a locked phone I had multiple issues trying to get in contact with an actual person at AT&T to try and get it unlocked

So I get this link from Amazon to review the iPhone. I guess millions in sales, the app store and that it holds its vaule isnt enough for people to make a decision whether to purchase one or not. Perhaps there should be an indicator on the top items being sold by Amazon to dentote if a review is required or not. I guess its the same as asking me to review a 5 lb bag of sugar. Some people may be on the fence on whether they want to keep their kool-aid sweetened or not. But, nonetheless, I'm a team player and which to contribute to the electronic collective of those with opinions on items that they purchased. Thusly, after carefull scientific analysis and many discussion panels with my colleges: Here is my final official and ready to publish review of the iPhone 3G with the white backing and 16gb of mememory:Purpose:To provided a totally biased review of a used iPhone 3g with 16GB of storage.Abstract:I bought it, used it as both a phone, entertainment device and sliding projectile.Conclusions:Its pretty cool.Works Cited:None.

It was the Best of times; I was the Worst of times.The phone is fine, and it looks great, and functions well.But there were some issues......The box said White. I got a black phone, which was OK, because it is in a case and the color cannot be seen anyway.The phone said it was unlocked. I wanted that, and not a jail-broken phone. The phone is indeed locked, and cannot be used on any other network besides AT&T.; If I switch carriers, I must apply to unlock it myself, or jail break it myself. This is what I wanted to avoid.It was not clear that the phone was refurbished. In fact, I would categorize it as misleading in that the word was never used in the ENTIRE ad, and should have been. Given the price that I paid (over $400), I was well under the impression that I was indeed getting a new phone. Anyplace else I looked at had them to $100 less.I think that the seller misuses unlocked when it should be clear that this phone would have been jail-broken.All in all, I got a nice working phone, but I think that this seller is misleading and dishonest in dealings.BUYER BEWARE!!

No way to use some of the usual apps. The system can't be updated so some apps are not available

Now I understand why people lined up at their cellular provider's stores the day before to be the first to buy an iPhone 3G several years back. It is all that! I'm still learning to use its many features and functions. I believe I got a very nice phone at very good price. I'm pleased with my purchase.

Phone came in perfect condition it was delivered in 4 days! Im in love w/ my purchase!But I would recommend buy a case and screen protector before or during your purchse(:

this is iphone 3gs 16gb white jailbroken not unlucked excelent condition the back has scraches 6/10  the chrom bezel 6/10  the scren 10/10 always protected has apps games GPS the phone works 100% alitle crack around the air phone conection but works fine  chiping USA only not international thank you

It was exactly what it was supposed to be.  We had no trouble activating the phone. My husband has enjoyed it.

this telephone when we buy start working very bad, didnt charge, stopped working, didnt talk, in less than 6 month

these people wants me to retrack what i wrote as a review when it is the truth .look when your company sent me the iphone and it is not working i i contacted your company and told you that all i wanted is my money back nit how to fix it my money .the only thing your company can do is come up with an excuse on how to upgrade when in the papers you sent with the 90 day warranty is not to do upgrade or and hard set or anything that would void the phone so please stop emailing me a lie .this is in your company hands simply send the shipping label that i been asking for and this can be over .your company is handling this matter worse than a bad sore.maybe if your company had done the right thing from the start this would have not happen.so sorry for anyone else who may go through this

The product I received was in perfect condition. And it was exactly as I expected to be. this product is original.

I lick phone and good work phone lock lick new and all part is good work I will gift to my friend and my friend is lick phone and he was happy

I disliked this because it was a refurbished iphone, the home button was sticky when I first received it and had many problems with this product afterwards, I would not recommend anyone to buy this product from this seller.

The phone did not come unlocked and cannot load applications such as whatsupp only can use it for voice. Huge dissapointment.

Came in a timely manor and in the retail box. Took the phone out and it smelled brand new. The plastic covering was still in tact. Phone was unlocked and works with a T-Mobile sim card. As a different reviewer said you can't update the iOS because it will lock itself... or something along that matter. With this dilemma I can't download apps that run on iOS5 like Facebook, Twitter, or Smule. I'll have to find some older versions of those apps....Besides the ios the quality of the camera is poor. My previous phone had a better quality.***update (10/8/12)I ended up returning the phone because many of the apps are running on ios5! I got tired finding old apps.

THE phone shipped and arrived in the time specified. it was brand new in the box as advertised and works great. added my thai sim card and it works great..would recommend this to a friend

They have iOS 5 or 6 installed which is not recommended for iPhone 3G! The software lags because of that. I'm not sure why it's assumed that the user will install old version of iOS when I buy it from the vendor.

SELECTED PRODUCTS ARRIVED WITHOUT DELAY AND WITHOUT DEFECTS. EXCELLENT SERVICE. RECOMMENDED 100%. THE STORE IS RESPONSIBLE AND WAS FOLLOWING THE PATH OF THE TRANSSACCION

I bought this item and was not able to use ti. It advertises as an unlocked phone you can use with any SIM card but this is not the case. I used four different one and was not able to get the service. A lot of the carriers do not support the phone.But The seller was respectful and considerate and quick to accept return and refund.So overall nothing ventured and nothing gained.I attempted to get this phones to see if myself and my children could benefit from them but was not successful. The phone industry is getting to be a ripoff and makes it very difficult to get an affordable service for the family.

The phone was sold to me as a new phone but lines started appearing on the glass face of the phone. I took the phone to an iphone store and was told that the glass was not an apple product and that the phone was tampered with and they are unable to repair or replace the phone.I will like to have my phone replaced or my money back.Apple 3G iphone Cellphone 16 GB GSM Unlocked (Black)was purchase on August 20, 2012.

it does not have the graphics to down load many apps i wanted and the internet is slower than i thought it would be

left than 1 month screen came off when to apple store and find out iphone was repair and screen was not apple screen i received 50$ dollars back for the repair

it said the phone had the latest ios it does not tell you the latest ios for this phone is outdated and supports no apps.

I bought this item for my wife as a gift for our wedding anniversary. I find the item fit for her needs.Now she is loving it! My seller is true and honest about my deal with this product. It is brand new and well wrapped.If you happen to email the seller for some quick questions they actually reply back. It makes me feel so secured that I purchased the item from this seller.They even gave me an extra celphone case for free as a gift! I cant complain. Service and product at its best!Wireovia rocks!

Excelente Producto, Recomendado muy buen vendedor

So far the phone has been working since I had to restore it back to factory.  I didn't know that there was papers in the envelope since my husband open the package.  The bad thing about unlocked iphone you can not update them.  I would not recommend getting a iPhone to work wirh T-Mobile until they have made there changes.  My 3G doesn't work since T-Mobile is not setup to use iPhone's.Since I had this phone that I thought I was buying a new one.  I have had the LCD replaced and now the battery might bad.  The iPhone is dead at the moment.  Wireova wants me to send them 65 to fix the phone.  I have no plans on working with this seller ever again.If this was really a new iPhone I would have not had all the problems I have with it.

The phone was good for what it could do. Unfortunately the technology has evolved and the current IOS 4.2 will not allow you to download the latest apps.

definately NOT 'like new' ------several cracks above the charger port,  one screw on the bottom is lost, and this is 8G ,not 16G

end technology product of the highest quality, accountability by the seller, quality productI loved it, the phone has everything I was looking for

i bought for myself  i love my new phone for myself for mothers day i love it real light weight

I BOUGHT IPHONE 16GB, BUT CAME AN IPHONE 8GB ..I WOULD LIKE TO REPLACE THE PRODUCT ON THE MONDAY AM 9H, IF NOT DER LIKE TO RETURN THE PRODUCT.

Unfortunately I don't recommend buying from this seller or older used phones & here's why. I bought the I Phone 3G this spring & right away it had charging issues. I put it away as I intended to return it & had another phone I was using at the time, but since my other phone had a smaller screen that I don't prefer to view emails on, after a few weeks, I decided to give the I Phone another shot. It wouldn't take a charge from the wall charger, but would charge directly plugged into my computer. Then that didn't work after a very short while, so I purchased a portable charger box that works for several older phones, & that seemed to work sometimes ..other times no. I got tired of this since use of the phone has been unreliable from the beginning & I just figured it needed a new battery. I took it to Apple & had the phone verified as an authentic I Phone. They told me it is from 2008. I had the battery replaced which I was told wasn't dead btw... & also had the phone charger port checked while they were in it looking around for the possible cause of the problem. The port is fine. No defects & nothing disconnected. The phone charged when it felt like it wanted to after doing all of this & has been no different than before, but for the last two days it simply won't charge at all! It doesn't even chime when you plug & unplug the chargers or turn green. The screen shows it's plugged in for a second without making any noise then goes black. It shows a thin red bar that should change to green when it's on the charger, but nothing happens. I don't know what the deal is with these older I Phones, but I don't want to pay to try and find out any more as I feel I have done all I can. It's been a few months since I got it & I regret not returning it right away. ... The reason I don't recommend this seller is because the phone did this from the beginning when I got it, but I was certain I could get it to work as I've had older phones of other makes for years.. (global sim card capable/ unblocked phoned don't come too cheap is why I kept them phones for years). They always worked. If the battery life was gone, I would just buy new batteries, so I never would have anticipated that the phone just wouldn't work from the beginning!Hope this helps.. if your phones don't take a charge from the beginning, don't make the mistake I did. ..RETURN THEM IMMEDIATELY!!!

I bought this phone and it said that it needed to be updated and none of the apps were working on it. I plugged it into itunes then the phone never worked again. I took it to the apple store and they told me it was a iphone case with a fake internal software and they told me i was scammed. I would not recomend this seller to anyone because they are misleading with the description and i am very upset.

This was one of the best purchases that I have made.  Lots of memory and easy to use.  Works well with the 2nd generation iPad.

The cost-effectively cool phone does what I needed to do and I guess it was very reasonable and I would do it again

It' s ok ,did not get a key to open phone to take SIM card out and is taking a long time to charge

I made contact with the supplier to complain about the phone's inability to hold a charge and that the charger keeps shorting - they promised to send me a new charger but I never got it. I never knew I phones had no video recorders because this phone does not. I'm not sure what I was sent NOW I'M STUCK WITH THIS CRAP!!!

This phone was everything she needed and it works great thank you so much .it is still in the same shape as I bought it in

This phone is not working after a month. Is no more recognizing my sim card. l am very frustrated because the due date to return has elapse. l have contacted the seller but no one is responding.  The phone has RENEW LEASE on it where as l paid full amount. l feel my $188.48 has gone down for a toy. Please beware

its looks good but it cost me more the battery  they sent in it not good i have to buy a battery and pay to change it but i love it

I charged the iPhone 3gs for two hours. Thing doesn't work at all. All I can get is a screen with the apple sign on it.Horrible quality. The seller didn't even say that it would be a refurbished item. They said that it would be a completely New item. BS.

I had purchased this unlocked iPhone for my use in India. Initially for first two weeks it worked well. Since last five days the phone is not working at all. When I call someone or receive call from someone, the cell phone right away gets disconnected. I went to local company where I purchased a sim card to fix the problem. The company suggested to get a new sim card (without any charge) which I did. That did not solve any of my problems. I was told to contact the supplier as after the customer service representative spending quite a good time to fix the problems. I had to go thru a lot of frustration. With no choice left, I have to buy a new cell phone in India as it was very difficult to communicate without it. I was very eager to bring the iPhone with me and was feeling proud to use it. But nothing accomplished. It made me angry as for no reason, I had to spend money to buy a new one. It is very frustrating and had bad experience.

We paid $239 for a new unlocked iphone 3, we had lots of connection problems and screen problems and assumed it was the carrier &#34;Simple Mobile&#34; but when I took the phone to sprint to change carriers they said the phone had had the screen removed and was refurbished and damaged, refurbished has a lesser price, basically we now have a phone worth about $20.This seller should be taken off Amazon

I received the phone on day late but overall i am happy to say it is a great phone and cydia was already installed no need for me to pay for the apps. Would recommend this seller to anyone who is looking to buy an iPhone

Although the shipping was fast, I mean that the product did not fulfill my expectations and that today the product is damaged, the battery has problems, not charging. a shame

the charger is not working, very poor  wire quality,it was loose and does'n't  work properly,i just use it for a day and wont work anymore

I bought this phone as a gift adopted son, who lives in Belarus. He had long dreamed of having the phone company Apple, but was unable to buy. And you helped me to get this thing and make a young man happy. Apparatus and beautiful, and works well!

I bought a cellphone unlocked, however I received a cellphone that doesn't work for me. I requested support to the supplier but they told to me that they didn't sell this to me. I need that Amazon support me in order to unlocked the cellphone.

I hate it much.  i bought other phone less one month since have bought the 3G no connection, no network.......

It was great fast works very well!!!!!!Arrived early is as described and has more memory than what I know what to do with.

Ok this phone i paid over $100 and it don't work! I took it to have someone look at it and it will cost me over $100 to get it fixed, the screen and afew things have to be fixed..This was wasted money yet again...SELLER PLEASE make sure your phones work before selling them 2 ppl bc this is our money that we are spending to buy things!

All alone good that buys one of 16gb and I come near one 8gb, as for the rest all good.

She was so happy with her gift. iPhones are the best out there. She is familiar with the iPhone because she has an iPad.

please do not buy anything from GROUP USA SOLD ME AN IPHONE THAT DOES NOT WORK AND SAY THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH IS AND I CANNOT GET MY MONEY BACK

I purchased an iPhone 3G when my Samsung Galaxy died with 6 months left on my T-mobile contract. I wanted an iPhone and I didn't want a new contract. Besides, T-Mobile doesn't offer the iPhone (why has this gone on so long) but you can use unlocked iPhones with T-Mobile because they are a GSM provider.I got the phone at a good price and it was shipped and received quickly. The iPhone was new and in the factory package as promised, in absolutely perfect condition. I needed some answers off the internet to get the SIM card installed (never owned an iPhone) but that was simple. The phone worked immediately.Two problems. First, the 3G is definitly out of date. It runs iOS4 and can not be upgraded to iOS5. The problem is, most apps you download today need iOS5. If you have had a 3G a while, you downloaded the older versions of the apps and they run fine. Since I just bought this, I have to find old versions of the apps to have them work on this phone. THis is a pain, however a function of my buying an out of date phone, no reflection on the seller.The second problem was worse. I didn't know, but iPhone users mostly do, the 3G will not charge with the provided equipment if the battery runs out all the way. This was really upsetting. I called the seller and left a message. He called back within hours, explained this was a known problem with these phones, and if I had an iPad, that charger was more robust and would charge the phone. Sure enough, that worked. Now I know not to let it go to 0 and if it does, use the better charger that comes with iPads.I really appreciate the personal service from the owner of Better Deals Faster, Kyle, and getting to know iPhones without spending $750 ( a new iPhone 5 without a contract).

amazing person to buy from, he will answer any questions you may have, responds fast, and he ships the next day, had no problems would buy from him again.thanks for the support and supporting the troops:)
