
I got this phone late 2010. So far it has been durable, easy to use, and has really good call quality. I'm not into the fancy phones, and I like the standard flip phones. I use this phone every day and haven't had any problems whatsoever. Because I was blessed with balance and coordination, I don't drop my phone. But I'm sure if I dropped it, it would hold up. I read reviews on here about it breaking after being dropped...well, are they counting all the other times they dropped their phone? Products can only take so much abuse, and if it breaks after a series of minor damages, it's not a crap phone! It's made to call people, not to get dropped on concrete.

Bought this in January. It works in US, over Europe even in Japan. I do not understand the comments about poor reception, mine works really really well. Nice look and feel, solid well made and rugged. Very happy. Very hard to get any international info out of Samsung or AT&T but glad I bought it. Very very satisfied. I use this phone to make phone calls as I have a Blackberry and and Iphone for browsing, emails, music etc. It is also really nice it is a flip phone so it does not autodial in pants pocket nor switch itself on in flight. Only downer is PTT button which keeps asking me if I want to set up PTT. I wish I could disable it.

To send a text, here are the steps required by a Samsung Rugby II phone AND by a Samsung Rugby II refurbished replacement phone.To text:1. Select "Menu" icon2. Select "Messaging" icon3. Click on "Create Message"4. Compose your text.5. Click on "Send to" button6: Click on empty space next to "TO" on the Recipient List page.7: Select from among Recent Contacts, Contacts, or Group8. Returning to the Recipient List page,HIT THE SEND BUTTONIMPORTANT NOTE: these first eight steps are required even on a phone that works properly.BUT, if it doesn't work properly, continue here:9. The text is not sent; the page slides back to the home page10. Click on the "Menu" icon11. Click on the "Messaging" icon12. Scroll down to choice no. 3, "Outbox" and click on it13. Find your text in the outbox and select it14. Your text will reappear; click on "Options" in the lower left-hand corner15.  Select "re-send."VOILA!  Your text is on its way!Has anyone else had this problem?

So within a few months of owning the phone, it began to turn itself off CONSTANTLY.  It didn't seem random...rather, it seemed to happen when the phone rang and I attempted to pick it up.  Other times it would just shut off in my pocket.  I became obsessed with checking the phone to ensure it was still on since I used the phone for my job, and like most working folks, my phone calls are super important.  Honestly, this obsession started to ruin my life and I'm not even exagerating.I removed the memory card because I thought that might have something to do with it...nope.  I cleaned the terminals making contact with the battery...nope. I reset the phone, thereby erasing all of my data and contact information...nope.  I didn't swap out the battery because the phone wasn't that old.Eventually, one day, whilst hanging a ceiling fan in my house, the phone rang, which was remarkable given the aforementioned.  This was a particularly tense moment of the installation - the moment when you've just finished mating the wires and are holding the motor in place while you screw it in to the ceiling-mounted anchor. As my thumb wedged between the keypad and the screen to flip it open, it turned off.  I lost it.  I threw the phone into the wall and it shattered into pieces.  The phone is no longer a problem now.  I started using my old Samsung Propel - which suffered severe water damage and worked nonetheless, btw - and am infinitely more pleased.  I just purchased a new model propel on Amazon and am looking forward to delivery.

. . . my second Samsung Rugby II phone has been returned to the point of purchase. I had the first one for two days before the battery quit holding a charge for longer than a few hours. I would charge it all night, but by the next afternoon, the battery was running out of power. Now, this problem occurred even if I did not actually use the phone, and no applications were left running either.So I swapped that phone for a second one, and it lasted about 8 days before the same battery problem recurred. I phoned ATT customer service each time to document the problem and asked if there were any issues being tracked for these phones. The polite staff there told me that there were no issues, so I asked that my report be logged, and I asked for a replacement battery. ATT shipped the new replacement battery, and this one worked great. . . for about 8 days before the same battery problem recurred. So the phone ended up being plugged into its charger for many hours each day and night, but, when this phone is charging, you cannot receive incoming calls. Why Samsung did not consider that drawback a huge problem is puzzling, confounding, and unforgivable.Combine that issue with the irritating "push to talk" button which is nearly impossible to avoid, and the net result is a high frustration factor. I can understand now why these phone are supposedly rugged and shockproof. The urge to hurl the Rugby II against the closest hard surface can be hard to check. I managed to ditch this clunker just before my 30-day trial period ended. Let me say, it has been a trial, too.I guess many of you love your Rugby phones, and I am glad you had better experiences with yours than I did with either of the two I tried.

i have bought two of them,first off iam a contractor home repairs,i bought the first one almost 2 yrs ago and has been beat around the jobsite,once i dropped it 2 and half stories off roof landed on the conc patio,just jared the sims card loose,after pushing it in it works as new, i have a daily habit of putting my ph between my legs as i drive and when i get out ,it never fails my phone bounces off the ground,it still worked good,one day my contract was up for renewal so i got a new one same kind,stashed the old beat up one away,lastweek i was at gas station and left my ph on top of pump and drove off,no one returned it.so i retrieved my old one had a new sims card installed,charged it up and BAM ! it still works,so yes it is very durable and takes a beating,

I like the phone but the location of the PTT button is bad. It is too easy to accidently push it when you are holding it.  I solved this problem by using some super glue and gluing the button so it could not be used. I have not intention of ever using PTT anyway.  Other wise I like the phone.

I have had this phone for almost two years. It's been dropped dozens of times and this past weekend it was dropped into a pool. It still works as good as it did on day one. However, if you're looking for features, this isn't the phone for you.

I advised my 75 year-old parents to get this phone when they started looking for a new cell phone.  The rugged description sold them.  Sure enough, it's been dropped, walked on and even glued shut with melted ice cream!  With the ice cream debacle, I simply turned the phone off, put some water in the sink, swirled the phone around in the water til the ice cream came off(fully submerged), then took the phone apart and put it in a ziplock bag of rice overnight.  Voila - phone worked great the next day.  The big buttons are a plus and the volume is GREAT!  The only thing that made dad a little crazy was constantly pushing the Push To Talk button.  I walked him through how NOT to sign up for the service and he called AT&T to make sure he wasn't accidentally charged for anything.  He simply has learned how to hold the phone so he doesn't push that button anymore.  I love this phone so much, I'm getting one of my own.  I am in the horse barn quite a bit and want a phone that will be okay if it gets dropped in a water trough or horse stall.  The puppy has even had a go at this phone and it's been great.  I have been a die-hard Sony Ericsson person for YEARS and I'm ready to convert!

This phone is a great option for someone not wanting a phone requiring a data plan. It has a very nice weight to it, feels solid when closing it and seems well built. The speakerphone is nice and loud. It would be nice if the push to talk button could be disabled; it's easy to hit by accident. Considering the very limited selection of basic phones, I would say great job Samsung!

I've had this phone for over a year now and have to say, it's done quite well for me.  It's not too technical with the features and has a front screen on the outside.  Why I picked this out was because it's a flip phone. . . those who have had open faced phones know how they tend to dial unexpectedly!  The phone's camera does quite well (standard quality though), although most do nowadays.  One of my favorite features about this phone is the customization with the menu.  It allows you to customize the shortcuts and also you get to pick out your four top menu options (ex. text, pics, video etc. . . you choose) My last camera was a motorolla razr and found that this is a much tougher phone with the look and feel.  It's not the fanciest but it will do all you need for your phone needs (and you're not required to sign up on a service contract for internet etc.)  The only features I would say this phone lags in is the speaker.  It's not too bad but it can be somewhat blurry on phone conversations, almost like you are hearing someone talk through a pillow (but does not occur too frequently, not really an issue).  The other is that there are some buttons somewhere that get pushed while the phone is in my pocket, the camera takes pictures and when you go through your picture folder you see a whole load of black pictures (from being in your pocket).  But it is a great phone overall, it is solid enough for me, has a decent features and does very well for a phone that isn't a 'smart phone'.

I've had this phone for roughly six months, and frankly, it's a piece of garbage. It consistently performs very poorly as far as reception goes. I've had to terminate calls because I couldn't hear the ther party well enough to continue. I never had this problem with my old Motorola EM330.Texting is a chore with the poorly laid out format requiring you to change screens for simple punctuation or numeric functions.AT&T; keeps trying to blame the reception issues on a local network problem. A coworker has an identical phone with the identical problem. Other coworkers with AT&T; service, but different phones do not have this issue.As an MP3 player coupled with my Bluetooth it's great.As a phone, it leaves a lot to be desired.

After using the new Samsung Rugby II cell phone from AT&T; for almost a year now, I am still struggling and still just as frustrated with it as I was when I first starting to use it.  Although the physical features of the phone are very nice, there are too many technical inconveniences about the phone from the text messaging to the general usage of the phone that have caused me to literally hate it.When Alltel made the switch to AT&T; after being bought out, I was forced to choose a new phone from a list of phones comparable to the current phone I had at the time.  I really liked the current phone I had because it was simple and easy to use so I knew what to look for in a new phone, provided it had a rugged body, and a few new perks.  After reviewing each of the phones and their features, there was only one phone that filled that description.I chose the Samsung Rugby II after reviewing all of its features and descriptions displayed on the AT&T; website.  I was not familiar with AT&T; phones or the particular type of phone at the time, so I had to go out on a whim to assume it was as good as it sounded.  The website explained all of the physical features that made the phone unique as well as a few technological features.  The physical features the website displayed were the ruggedized body which could withstand shock, humidity, high temperatures, resist dirt, and repel rain.  Some of the technological features displayed were Push-to-Talk (PTT) capability, which is like a walkie-talkie in your phone, and built in GPS.The physical features of the phone are true to what the website states.  The body of the phone is heavy and thick; a rugged body that has stood up to a few crashes to the ground without problems.  The battery cover has a twist lock on it that seals it tight to the phone to prevent water or humidity from seeping in, and good seals along the outside to resist dirt and rain. The physical features are all a plus, especially to someone who works construction or such job that a phone would benefit from those features.My problems came with the technology of the phone.  My first problem was more with the company in the fact that the built in GPS and PTT capabilities were not included with the plan and would cost an extra $9.99/ month for each, putting almost twenty extra dollars on my bill each month.  The website did not state that those features were add-ons or that they would cost extra. Not to mention, there are two buttons on the phone specifically for GPS and PTT features and if I hit one of them on accident, I could get charged. There are very little customizing features that allow me to change what buttons do what which makes it difficult to avoid pushing buttons that will take me to the internet and charge me.My second problem(s) were with calls and call waiting, receiving text and voicemails, and the phone turning off at random times.  If the phone goes out of the service area, I have to turn the phone off and back on to make a phone call once back in the service area. If I receive a call waiting, the phone will not automatically switch back to original call once the call waiting has hung up; I have to manually do it, which has caused me to hang up on people by pushing the button too much.  If receive a text message or voicemail while out of service, I will sometimes not receive them for as many as three days later for some unknown reason.  At times, when I am on the phone connected to my Bluetooth, my phone will re-start itself while I am on the phone with someone, causing the call to be disconnected.One minor issue that caused a big problem was with the alarm.  If the phone is on vibrate or silent, the alarm is too, so if I didn't want to be disturbed in the middle of the night by drunk-dialers or prank calls, I'd better had a back-up plan.  I found that out when I received a phone call from work wondering if I was coming in or not as I was already an hour late.  Most phones will turn themselves on if an alarm is set to go off and the phone is off.But my most hated part of this phone has to be the text messaging.  With a new phone I expected the text messaging to be even better then it was when the T9 option came out. T9 is suppose to be faster because it is suppose to predict the text you are going to write.  That is not the case; in fact, on this phone it is even worse than ever.  This phone has to have more steps then the world trade center to write and send a text.  It does not recognize frequently used words or phrases so I am constantly pushing more buttons to switch to the word I want then if I was just to do it manually.  It does not show predictions for the word I am going to type and I have to delete an entire word just to change one letter.  I also have to go through about six steps just to send the message. Basically, texting for me is slower then to just call the person I want to talk to.There is no reason for me to keep this phone and the physical features are not worth the frustration this phone has caused me.  I consider myself to be pretty good at figuring new technologies out once I have had enough time to play around with them but, in this case I have had this phone for almost a year do not feel as though I should still be confused by it.  In this day of technology, I would think we would be past this point.  This phone seems to have been a step down from that and I hope AT&T; will recognize that.

My son is hard on his phones, so we purchased a Samsung Ruby I for him, which lasted over two years.  When that phone broke, we decided to try the newer Rugby II.  After only two months, the phone would not charge. We bought a new battery and an external charger; still would not turn on. I called Samsung, but because he had a small crack in the outerscreen, the waranty was void.  I was told that even though the cracked screen had nothing to do with the charging problem, the charging problem would not be covered under waranty and I would be responsilbe for all repairs, including the screen, and I wouldn't know the cost until I sent the phone to them. Instead I took the phone to a phone repair shop.  They checked the phone and said the power supply was defective and it would cost more to fix than the phone is worth.  It is extreemly annoying that a "Rugged" phone would quit after only two months and that the waranty is void because of a basically cosmetic issue with the outer screen.  This phone was definatley a waste of time, energy and money for us and an example of poor customer service on the part of Samsung. He is now using a $20 Go-Phone from Wal-Mart with his ATT simm card and it has lasted much longer than the Samsung Rugby II.

The biggest reason that I see people not liking on this phone is the PTT button and it's annoying inability to be deactivated or reassigned.Rather than glue it or clip the little nib that activates the PTT inside the button, what I did easy is and totally reversible:I pried the button out, smeared a little bit of RTV Silicone into the recess, replaced the button, wiped off the excess silicone and let it cure overnight.  The button will no longer depress and activate the annoying PTT message, and if need be, I can simply reverse it by peeling the silicone out of the button recess.I used RTV Black Silicone gasket goop, but I am sure any silicone will do nicely.  The RTV is nicely color matched and the excess wipes away easily.

If you see any poor ratings for this phone on the internet, it is not because of the phone itself. It is because of the poor tower coverage from the carrier (AT&T) which will not allow this or other of their phones to perform properly. I purchased this phone at one of their wireless stores and could not get a signal a mile and a half away from the store at my home. Neither could a relative at my home, on the same network with an Apple iphone. If it were not for the carrier I am sure I would give this phone a good rating. Make sure you can get a signal at your residence before buying anything from AT&T.

Somebody has to tell the Samsung people that this phone has serious problem connecting to PC's.I have spent more than 20 hours on the phone talking with several different Samsung technical people and they couldn't help me find any way to connect the Samsung SGH-A847 Rugby II to any type of PC. I have three computers, one an HP desktop with Windows 7 64 bit, the other an HP desktop with Windows Vista 32 bit, the third one a laptop with Windows Vista 32 bit. For hours on end I followed the detailed instructions of Samsung Support technicians and to no avail. The phone is detected by the computer (the computer makes a sound and there is for a moment a bar in the Samsung New PC Studio software),  but that's it. I purchased and added a memory card to use the 'mass storage' function, hoping this will give me some kind of connectivity, but it didn't work either. Furthermore, and this is very unfortunate to the users, the Samsung "New PC Studio" software has not been licensed and approved by Microsoft and the software is labeled by all Windows computers as a dangerous program that will harm your computer when you are in the process of installing it. Of course this is not true, (Norton Antivirus says the program is safe) but right now the problem is that Windows computers are labeling the Samsung software as dangerous and harmful when it is not and probably affecting its functionality. The Samsung "New PC Studio" is the software that is supposed to let you communicate your phone with your computer. The program loads and works but will not 'sync' with the Samsung SGH-A847 phone or connect to it, no matter how hard you try or how many tricks you pursue. Every time you get the message that there are no devices connected.In today's world, an 'advanced' cellular phone that is not recognized by any computer and will not 'sync' or connect with the computer no matter what you try or do, is simply not acceptable.There are also no updates or upgrades to the phone software available yet. I have also called AT&T; and they don't know anything at all about this problem or care at all about it. They believe is a Samsung problem and not their problem to resolve.It is a total shame, because apart from this serious problem, that is still unresolved by Samsung, the phone is an average phone that works.

I do like the simplicity of the phone. Works well unless you get alot of sms messages and want to print them out. The samsung PC studio is a joke. You will only be able to read short text messages. The phone also saves all text messages to sim card. Fills up quickly. Also there is no way to send them to phone memory. And if the messages are more than a couple sentences then you cannot print them out. You will get a "message not supported  Check it on your phone" message in the PC studio. I would not recommend this phone. Samsung phone support does not have a clue how to resolve this issue. I even went to the AT&T store and they could not help either.

Had to have a phone right away when my Motorola RAZZ died after years of abuse, so had to put out the $100.00 to AT&T; instead of the penny thru Amazon. Anyway what I wanted was a tough phone with 3G. (At&T; doesn't have 2G in some parts of the country which I found out on our last motorcycle trip with my old RAZZ).My wants are simply, good phone service, big screen, one button speed dial, answer by opening lid and again, TOUGH ! Have had the phone two months and with an easy modification am very pleased with the phone.Read a lot of reviews and the most common complaint was the PTT feature being turned on often.  Yes I found this to be a real pain, often having to press buttons to tell the phone I didn't want to enable the service. After waiting the 30 day return period I fixed that issue.Took a razor blade and carefully scrapped the case around the PTT button, then around the button. This was done to get good adhesion for step two, superglue.  I carefully put a heavy bead of superglue around the PTT button. PTT hasn't activated in over a month, now I'm happy with the phone.

I really like the phone,I am a senior and it's good to have the large numbers,I use a desktop and really don't need all the apps that most of the new models have.I do need an adapter for my car and I forgot to place it on that order.I would appreciate if Amazon could find one along with a cover for this phone.Thanks for remembering the baby boomers.Patsy Butler.patsy.butler@att.net

If you are looking for a somewhat old-fashioned cell phone -- i.e., no touchscreen and no querty pad -- this may be the one for you; indeed, I am okay with it in all respects except one, but it's a biggie.  Thus, there is a PTT key on the left-hand side of the phone that is extremely sensitive and almost unavoidable when you open or otherwise handle the phone.  As a result, I've received the PTT initialization prompt about three dozen times during my first two days of ownership.  If you WANT PTT, that might not be so bad; but I want neither to use nor to pay for the feature, so this is a problem I encounter virtually every time I use the phone.  I used the Samsung web site to ask how I might go about disabling the feature and received a response revealing that Samsung doesn't know how to do it.  They suggested that I get in touch with my service provider, which I will do eventually, but I am stunned that Samsung doesn't have a fix for this. I would not have purchased the phone if I had known about this problem.This is my first -- and likely my last -- product from Samsung, and I don't much like their web site either.  I had a very simple query -- could I get a wired earphone or headset for this phone -- and it took a lot of work to find the right product.

i had a nokia phone for the last 5 years and it was still working great, however i traded cars and needed a phone with blue tooth, after trying several different phones i decied on this one. i just knew i would not find a phone i liked as well as my nokia. i was very pleasently surprised  with my new samsung rugby, great reception, outstanding speaker phone  (great volume) easy to use i would recomend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone to be a phone,,,i dont text, i dont download tunes etc, etc, etc.... however it has that capability if your in to that.

1. Can't hear it ring (even with volume all the way up and the phone in my pocket).2. Can't hear the other person talking (even with volume all the way up).3. Notification of Voice Mails often several days later.4. Horrible reception.5. Dropped Calls6. PTT talk button in bad location, hit it every time.Hands down the worst phone I have ever owned.

I strongly do not recommend!!!! I dropped this phone approximately 2-1/2 feet (mid-thigh height) on a vinyl floor while walking through my kitchen.  It landed on the hinge, broke to pieces and is NOT covered under warrantee.  It's only warranteed for damage resulting from water!  Otherwise, Samsung wants at least $70.36 (not including shipping, thank you) to repair it, possibly with used/reconditioned parts at their discretion, not yours.

Samsung advertises the a837 as 'Rugged Military Spec. 810F Certified.  It is not!  We bought two, one broke within  month of ordinary use and Samsung will not stand behind their warranty.  I suggest you find another phone.

This phone feels and looks high quality. It is kind of big but not too heavy. Other flip phones I've handled feels like cheap toys in comparison.  The call quality is great.  Long battery life.  Super loud speakerphone.  Bluetooth works great, pairs well with my Bose BT-2 and Plantronics Voyager Legend.  The too-easily-to-accidentally-press PTT button is really annoying like others have said.  I fixed it by disassembly the phone to remove the button.  I then put a thin piece of silicone tubing behind the button, making it much harder to inadvertently press, but still functional.  The earphone volume seems too low initially, but now seems fine.  I either have gotten use to it or it may be "broken-in".  I'm using the phone with a leather Turtleback case for added protection and improved grip.

What a terrible phone. I broke the exterior screen on the this phone after having it for 3 months. The phone was still clipped to my belt and had not even fallen. After a long argument with AT&T they finally agreed to replace it. After all this is supposed to be a tough phone.Got the replacement and approx 6 months latter the exterior screen again broke. At&T would not consider replacing the second phone and samsung could have cared less. The speaker quality is terrible as well as the microphone. I constantly have to yell into the phone so someone can hear me. Just crap.

This phone has taken everything I have thrown at it and more. For instance, once I accidentally left it powered on and inside my pants pocket while those pants were being machine washed. When I discovered the phone, after the wash machine was finished, the phone was still on. I did have to turn it off, take it apart, and let it dry overnight but it's still my phone today. This phone is the only phone to survive my abuse for over 2 years and running. I have noticed that recently it goes through cycles of annoyances: turning itself off or restarting in the middle of a conversion. But that's after all the mess that I have put it through. And date it still takes all daily the punishment I give it. After all my experiences with this phone, I almost don't understand why this phone is not rated 4.5 stars. Except, I am reminded that most people don't write reviews for things they enjoy; they just write reviews for things they have problems with. Please remember this when you are researching; also when you have good experiences with your purchases please share your review.

This phone has a big problem...You can't transfer files from your Windows 7 64 bit PC any other way other than by taking out the storage card and using a card reader!!! It does not work with Samsung's PC Studio software via USB. Get with it Samsung! If I knew that, I wouldn't have bought this phone, or the data cable which is useless. Samsung tech support first told me I had a bad data cable, then that I needed to re-load the software, then finally admitted it wasn't going to work. No more Samsungs for me. One other slightly annoying thing about the phone is that the charging port is covered by a flimsy rubber flap that is hard to take off, and doesn't look like it will last the test of time with constant use. I give it 2 stars because the call quality and reception seem fine.

First of all, this is probably not the phone for a teenager; it just doesn't have the "cool" look most of them require.  However, if you're an adult simply looking for a good phone with great volume and reception, this one would work for you.  We also like to customize our ringtones and that works out fine.  I can't speak for any of the other features since we really don't care about them. I have small hands and my husband's are larger and it feels fine for both of us. We've only had the phone for a few weeks, but so far it is just what we wanted.  It was a challenge to find a reliable flip phone that doesn't require a data plan and we think we've succeeded with the Rugby II.

a piece of junk--u can hardly hear the other person talking--i bought 3 of these (garbage) so called rugged cell phones--what a mistake--dont buy these--ABSOLUTELY JUNK

This is a good phone if all you want is a phone.  The manual is not very useful and is confusing at times.  Basic setup was easy and call quality is good.  My complaints are: 1.  I had a very difficult getting the back to stay on after I installed the sim card and battery.  The instructions were wrong and the manual was wrong.  Both said to turn the screw the wrong way!!!  2.  I keep getting a pop-up asking if I want to pay extra for "City" caller ID.  AT&T's answer for this was to reset the phone!!!  3.  AT&T charged me a $36 one time fee for my "FREE" upgrade!!!

This phone is rugged, but the screen is hard to read in daylight, and the voice quality is less than average. I tried one out for a week and returned it! My 6 year old Samsung flip has a brighter screen and clearer voice.

This was a Christmas present for my dad. He loves it. It arrived on time. It was packaged safely. It's just what the low tech man needed. He's not interested in smartphones. This is durable and simple to use. Just what he had been wanting. Quality for a descent price.

I am a rough-and-tumble person. Hard on things and sometimes slippery-fingered and careless. I got this Rugby 2 almost two years ago. I am due for an upgrade, but I think I'll pass. This Samsung has lived through many falls with nary a scratch let alone a break or shatter. It is rugged, indeed. Although I have never dropped it into a toilet or run over it with a car (as some have claimed) I HAVE been very hard on it. It has endured. The voice quality is good, the camera adequate and the screen small but clear. The clam-shell design seems obsolete but is a entirely sensible given the intent of the overall design... physical stamina!  Although it lacks the capacities of a "smart" phone, it does the things it dies reliably.Since ATT no longer keeps them in stock and most of the upgrade choices are the full-featured (and fully vulnerable) Smart phones, I'm passing on this upgrade. For me, any available upgrade would be an downgrade. When you have what you need, why change just to get something new?If your priority is for a basic phone that stands up to some physical abuse, get ahold of a Rugby2... You won't be disappointed.

this is the best phone  i have had ever it is amazing it works fast i have only had 1 trouble out of it and i fixed it quickly i love the ptt except for the beeps all the time

I had an absolutely terrible experience with the original Rugby.. I had 3 of them that broke inside of a year (from the *original* date of purchase, mind you). B/c of the false information AT&T; gave me on multiple calls (5 calls!), I could not get a new, alternative brand phone. So, I was forced into The Rugby II. Well, I'm happy to say it is much more reliable than the original! I haven't had any dropped calls. I haven't had any spontaneous connecting to the internet, either. The PTT button is still in the same spot as the original, but I don't seem to hit it as often. *shrug* I have a data plan, but this is not user friendly for that purpose. It will take pretty decent pictures when it's folded.The texting bit is still a hassle, though. Predictive texting is easier, but a bit sketchy, and I haven't found a way to get rid of words from its vocabulary once they've been added. It's bulky and heavy, too, but it helps me keep up with it. If I'm suddenly feeling lighter, I know I've left my phone somewhere. LOL If you want a feather-light phone or one with all the bells and whistles, this isn't the phone you want. You'll need a heavy duty case, too. I use a magnetic one made by body glove.I haven't had any difficulty pairing the Rugby II to my mac or my phone, or my PDA for that matter (BUT it won't SYNC with the Mac or PDA b/c they're not Windows machines). I can send pics, videos, etc. with no difficulty. Also, on the previous phones, I don't know if there was a voice dial option, but it's on the II. It's just a big P.I.T.A. to use, and it takes too long to respond. Don't try to voice dial 911. You'll die before the call's been made (maybe I'm exaggerating a little bit! lol).The memory's decent, but that was never a complaint of mine with the original, either. From a non-smartphone point of view, this phone may intimidate those who are not very tech-savvy. It took awhile for me to get used to the Rugbys after having a more "consumer-ized" phone. Initially I felt like Jethro Gibbs (NCIS fans).. "how does this damn thing work?" "Can't you reboot it?" LOL The front display powers off too quickly, but that is also true of the original Rugby.Now that my faith in Samsung has turned slightly for the better again, I'm getting a Samsung WEP570 bluetooth earpiece. I'll review that soon, too.Potential Rugby II users: It's not as super cool as other phones out there, but it'll 'git 'er done.' Just be prepared to be patient. It's NOT lightning fast.. Oh, and you still can't read or reply to texts when you're on a call, but you can send them. And that kind of defeats the purpose of texting.

I am a contractor.  I went through three phones in the first six months of 2010, including a Motorola flip, a LS Shine and a Samsung flip.  I have now had this phone for three months without a problem.  I carry it in a tool belt or in a leather pouch on my belt.  It has taken more abuse than any of my other phones and continues to work great.  I am sure I could break it if I wanted to, but it is by far the most durable phone I have had.  Not a lot of features I don't need, and reliable performance.  What more could I ask for?

This is the best phone I have ever owned! I love it! I bought this phone becauuse Samsung lists it as "rugged". Other reviewers of this phone (with contract) have stated that it is not all that rugged. Thus far I cannot agree. It is light plastic and not as heavy or as rubberized as I was expecting, but, all in all, it will hold up quite well. The battery life is unexpectedly long, which is one of my biggest problems with my previous phone. The features are surprisingly relevent: a USB-based wall charger, voice dial (without the hassle of recording), micro SD card slot, GPS (which I have not used), etc. It has all of the features I want without the need for a data plan.

I bought this phone through Amazon as an existing ATT customer. The Amazon website will verify this before selling you the phone, but it will not take you to the ATT website. As such, I thought the mailing information entered into Amazon was going to tell the ATT people where to mail the phone. The phone was mailed to the wrong address, and then ATT customer service told me there was no way I had bought the phone through Amazon (they didn't call me a liar, mind you, they just implied it). I was basically treated like I was a criminal for two days before things were sorted out. I'm canceling my ATT service and going with anyone else.I wish the phone had come through Amazon because their customer service has been outstanding in my dealings with them. ATT could certainly learn from them.

The Rugby II "replaced" my old (and very sturdy) Nokia.  The ever-reliable Nokia had served me faithfully for 7 full years when ATT determined that it couldn't tolerate such superb service in its network.  The planet's largest telecommunications company sent a note advising their non-support for excellence but offering a "free" upgrade at an ATT store.  I went in.  Now the story gets ugly.1. The store employees urged against the several "free" phones, pointing out that they were unpopular models for which ATT was discontinuing sale.  They were simply offloading what should have been landfill.2. I asked, then, what would be a no-frills model that was as rugged as Old Nokia. They replied, "None," but did recommend the misnamed Rugby as the next best thing.  The catch: since I was declining a "free" phone, I'd need to buy the "reliable" model.3.  In "upgrading" to a worse phone, ATT charged an additional upgrade fee, cut my minutes in half, and locked in a new 2 year contract. Because I was leaving on a business trip for the Middle East the next day, I sucked it up and bought the Rugby.The story gets uglier.1.  The phone seriously overheats after about 15 minutes of use.2.  The buttons and menu are aggressively counter-intuitive.3.  The voice quality is the the worst I have ever encountered.4.  The PTT feature has been located such that it cannot be avoided--and which brings additional charges when used.  (But this can be disabled.  Pry out the button, then clip the stem from its back.  Replace.  You'll be happy to have a less functional phone)If the young revolutionaries in Cairo had all had Rugbys last year, Mubarak could never have been toppled

This is the best cell phone I have ever owned. I am a truck driver and depend on my cell phone for everything. In fact I don't even have a land line any longer. MY current Rugby is the 3rd I have had. Everytime my contract is up I get another one. It is rugged and can take a good drop and take getting wet. Now days with the new D.O.T. Regulations I always use a blue tooth and it still works just fine. If you need a flip phone that is good size and can take a beating this is for you.

Got this phone 5 months ago on a new contract for my son who was in Afghanistan. When he returned he decided he didn't like it so I kept it. The other day I got the phone out of my pocket and the display was messed up. Took it to an AT&T; store who told me that it was a pressure crack which couldn't be repaired and wasn't covered by warranty. They acknowledged that there was no exterior damage but said that there was nothing they could do for me other than sell me a new phone. I don't subject electronics to harsh treatment, in fact the phone has been very gently handled and shows no exterior wear or tear. How can Samsung and AT&T; advertise this as a rugged phone? I'm extremely disappointed that neither of them stand by this product or their customer service.BTW - The other reviewer comments about the placement of the PTT and browser buttons are so true. Accidental activation of these services are constantly inevitable with this phone.

I'm still fairly new with this phone so I won't speak to it's long term durability as some other reviewers have but my first impression is SAMSUNG has made a fairly decent product that's been turned into a money shake-down device by AT&T.; My father who is quite inept with technology and notoriously hard on his phones chose the Rugby as it seemed to offer simplicity and durability. It seems like it is so until you start endlessly having to decline adding services. He doesn't necessarily want Push To Talk but EVERY TIME he answers the Rugby his finger rests on the PTT button and he first has to decline adding that feature before he can answer. The only way to disable it is to physically damage the button so it will not activate. The large center button is of course a browser launch shortcut which he hit's all the time. Was there not a class action about data use entrapment? There should be another. There is a GPS button which is easy for a senior to hit that also launches a service he does not want and cannot be disabled. The menu is a further fleece attempt festooned with AT&T; services he doesn't want or need. Were we not stuck with AT&T; due to location this would certainly have been the final straw. I'm looking forward to Apple finally getting the iPhone somewhere else so AT&T;'s subscriber pen get's busted open and they finally have to stop shaking down customers for accidental service in order to retain them. It's gotten unacceptable.+ Two stars for what I feel is good Samsung quality (should have been 4).- Eleventy stars for AT&T; customer disdain.

I bought this phone a few months ago as my other one that I had for two years broke when it fell 6 feet. I promptly called AT&T; and spoke with a representative who recommended the Sumsung Rugby as one of the most "rugged" phones they have. I gladly purchased the phone for about $50.00 as I was looking forward to having a phone that was able to take some "wear and tear".For a couple of months this phone worked fine ... and yes, took some minor abuse in stride. And then, the other day I reached into my pocket for my car keys, and the phone fell out. The case broke apart where the phone flips on the right side ... and now some of the electronics are exposed. It fell about three feet onto the asphalt. I was told that it could take "punishment" up to a 30 foot fall.It makes me wonder a bit about the military specifications mentioned in the paperwork and various sites I've seen.If you buy this phone, I sincerely hope that you have better luck than I did!

I have 2 phones, might sound crazy but I like talking on a flip phone,not the cheap ones and I like the productivity of the iphone.  I don't really like talking on the iphone but the emails, gmail sync and text messaging is a must on the iphone.  So for $10 more a month I get my extra line for talking on the samsung rugby and no need to worry about dropping it putting a screensaver on it getting a case.  So nothing beats the old fashion flip for talking and the samsung rugby is the best.

The Samsung Rugby is a convenient phone for those looking to avoid touch screen and data plans. It is simple and has the good-ol-fashioned 9 key pad. It is definitely very durable aside from its front screen breaking. I also broke the camera lens on mine but I treat it pretty rough. Over all, a good phone but hoping to get a more durable phone soon.

For a while I was breaking and buying a new phone about once a year.  It has been about 3 years with this same phone and I love it.  As an owner of a landscape company, I need a phone in my pocket all the time.  I often answer it with wet, muddy gloves without a problem.  My phone takes a lot of abuse in my pocket.  I'm always climbing trees, crawling in dirt, carrying boulders against my thigh and often working in the rain. I WANTED a smart phone, but I NEEDED a tough, trustworthy phone.  This may not be a smart phone, but it is one of the most important tools my company has. A smart phone is worthless if it can't be in my pocket all the time.  My customers and potential customers know they can always get a hold of me.Scott,owner of Living Space LandscapesMinnesota

it is a great flip phone,very durable,easy to operate,small and compact,it's every thing i hoped it would be for a flip

We had the phone approx. 45 days and the screen cracked. Our carrier would not exchange and we could not find a local place to fix it.  Still works with the crack.  You can see the numbers and incoming calls.Update: Dec. 2012I needed a new phone after 2 yrs of using the one with the crack (still works) so I got the same model (I do like the phone) and they have improved it slightly.  You can actually drop this phone in water and it will work. The new phone has better volume.  I got a case for the phone which protects the screen. So far so good.

I bought this in Jan. 2010, because the dealer said it was AT&T's most durable phone. I never abused or dropped the phone. After just eight months the right side hinge broke off when I answered the phone. Samsung will not honor the warrenty and considers this abuse. Now the dealer wants me to buy another? This is a piece of junk. Do not buy this phone. You will be sorry.

ON The Ruby 11 i am very happy with it, like any thing made by man can go bad,The only thing is Vol was bad after a 30 days all it had to was take the battery out and reset and it was great, and know i just take the battery out know and then no reset.or reset if that does not do it.One thing i did get was a ear hands free very low in the home not bad, in the car no way!so i found out is i need the blue tooth to solve this. one thing even on my last phone i had for 4 years still works the hands free was very good but on the Rugby 11 you need that big blue tooth to have hands free more Vol i give this phone 4 and one half stars. One note i do not use the clip ON , i got a sl camera bag for the belt lop,for $7.00 dollars AT WALL MART as a one zip pocket to but in like free hands or items NO more phone on the car seat that was the only thing i really need to solve. Yes it can be drop i do not do that i really take care of it.WHEN I DID MY LAST POST i did get my micro SD Tm card i take a lot of photos when i am waking like flowers and etc i am a pro photography i would like to see they have a micro card or what it would take to get 6 pixes,I did get a 8 GB SD card should of got a 16 GB but can get one later, , if any one knows in the tech world that a cell phone well get to 6 mg pixes.or a some sort of a smart micro SD cardthank you have a nice day take care.MichaelMontana

I have a Samsung Rugby II for almost two years. It was working fine so far. Yesterday, I accidentally dropped the phone in water and it died immediately. This was the first mishap so the phones durability is definitely over-advertised.

I got this phone a week ago because ATT didn't stock the Motorola Tundra.Tundra had been through 4 years of rough use including purposly throwing it on the floor when someone was bragging about their new smart phone.I wasn't impressed with the construction when I purchased it but had to have a replacement.The Rugby II was the toughest phone stocked at the store. The included software to sync to my PC does not work, nor do any newer versions downloaded from Samsung. There is no support through Samsung for their software that I can find.The soft keys are programmable and I have made them match my old tundra. That is a real plus.I have read a lot of complaints about inability to disable PTT but I don't think it can be disabled on the tundra either.There is no option to disable the data keys. The Tundra allowed locking the browser and other data usage so there were no inadvertent connections. IM is the only lockable internet ap in the Rugby IITundra was able to usb connect to PC for data transfer.  Rugby II has to have a mini sim card installed before it will even try.Cant speak to durability yet but you can be assured I will not toss this one on the floor

We liked this phone for a couple of days.  However, after a few days I can not hear and understand the caller without putting it on speaker phone.  Also it  has begun to drop calls.  Took it in, the tech put a new updated sim card it in.  Helped but still have a problem.  Oh how I'd like to have a Razor phone!!!  This is not a good phone to carry on business.

I was looking for a simple quality cell phone what I got was confusing setup instructions and very poor reception.

Great basic phone. Love the metal attached clip as l keep a tether on my phone.i had rugby 1 and loved it too. HOWEVER, the battery cover on Rugby 2 is MUCH LESS RELIABLE than rugby 1. The half circle guide that the locking screw fits into on Rugby 1 has been reduced to two tiny corners on Rugby 2. THIS IS RIDICULOUS.I bought a plastic cover that i use just on the back of the phone to keep the battery cover from falling off. That is why i only gave phone 3 stars. After 18 mos of rugged use, my rugby 2 is starting to freeze up. I will gladly try the rugby 3 .
