
I have used this phone for almost 2 years, this phone is small yet the functions are very powerful. It can be used as USB drive, multitasking and very easy to use, thanks to the innovative webos. However, palm did not wrap the phone good enough to stand by itself. by the end of first year my phone starts to get into airplane mood by itself, by 12 months it starts to turn off by itself. The microusb cover break off, the phone starts to freeze a lot and by 1.5 year the speaker on the phone stopped working (while it can still be used with a headphone). I have to say I am a more or less a fan of webos, but this phone is major disappointment.

I think not. In less than a year, I am now on my third Palm Pre. The first two times I took it back to Verizon and I spent a total of 4 hours watching them try and figure out what was wrong only to concede in the end to give me another phone (by fed ex). I am stuck with this phone for two years and as for Verizon, let me just say they won't let me back out of the plan because I have signed a contract. A contract that basically allows them to waste my time and take my money. I have a total of five phones with them. The other phones (non-palm pre) work fine for the most part, and I am satisfied with them. This phone however doesn't seem durable enough for day to day regular use. If you get this phone, get a service plan with it.

I'm approaching the end of life with this dismal phone.  My ATT upgrade comes up next month and I've been convinced by my son's flawless performance with his iPhone which phone I will choose next.What problems specifically?  I use my ATT Wireless account as my business phone.  I have suffered dropped calls in locations where my son (iPhone 3G) and wife (Motorola V9X) have no problems whatsoever.  That's the big one.  I'll take you through it:  4 bars, make call, begin conversation, silence, the terrible "dropped call bell", look at meter, no bars, then 3-4 bars all of a sudden.Then there's the flaky performance of the touchscreen - delays, non-responsiveness, accidental callings/hangups.  Maddening.  The battery cover has been removed so many times that I started to keep a fingernail specially-shaped to press the release.Transferring the contacts.  Wow... Palm didn't want to make that very easy but I found a way to export contacts and transfer them to Google (gmail) which can then be sync'd to the iPhone.For the ATT network, open the phone dialer and type #*66623# (other networks ##66623#) then push the call button.  Push the Cellibrite Export button, connect the Pre to your computer using USB and once connected press the USB Drive button on your phone.  Using windows' Folder Options, "unhide" hidden files.  Open My Computer (Computer) and navigate to a folder on the Pre called .temp - inside this folder is a file called PmMigration.vcf.  Copy this file to your desktop.  Sign into Gmail, go to Contacts>More Actions and Import.  Navigate to this vcf file, Import.  Voila.Bye-bye Pre.

I absolutely love my Palm Pre Plus. I received the phone in a good timely manner and the product came as described. I knew it was used and was ready for any of the wear and tear it would have on the outside of the phone. The functionality is awesome and would definitely do business with this seller again in the future. Thanks,Mike V.

PROS:*There are many default apps loaded on, such as: phone, email, camera, contacts, memos, tasks, calander, videos, google maps, clock, music, photos, App Catalog, calculator, web, Youtube, Amazon Mp3, updates and more.*The app store is great on the phone. You can easily download apps right from your phone, on to your phone. There is a wide selection of free apps as well.*The size is great. You can fit it anywhere; your pockets, purse, etc. However, I think this phone is directed towards females because of the size of the keys. You need to have small fingers to be able to use the keys.CONS:*Don't order cases online for this phone! There is a sensor at the top, which some cases cover up. When this censor is covered, the phone shuts off during a call. I got my case from a kiosk at the mall.*Text messages take FOREVER to come through! A few minutes, maybe. Very inconvienent.*Slow internet connection. It is faster if hooked up to Wifi, though.OVERALL:*This was my first phone, and I've had it replaced three times. One, because I dropped it on the floor and the screen shattered. (USE A CASE AT ALL TIMES!) Two, because the second phone they sent me didnt work quite right (The B Key was stuck!) and three, because I had way to many apps loaded on at the same time. (Helpful Hint: Don't open more than five cards (aka windows) at the same, or else the phone goes crazy!)*I don't know why I am so attached to this phone. It is very basic, and does everything I wanted it to do.*The connections are just SLOW.*I would recommend this for teenagers (because of their hand size and what they want in a phone)Please 'LIKE' or 'DISLIKE'. Tell me what you thought about my review!(:

I've had the phone for 1 year, 11 months and 4 days.  Yep, I'm counting. I bought the phone about 6 months before HP bought the company and about 12 months before they dumped the company.  Bad timing on my part.  My contract is up soon.  I could have traded up awhile back, but I'm a cheap bastu..Anyway, after about a year I found the keyboard keys falling apart with several keys sticking or not even working. When texting, I would type "alance" when I meant "balance" or "lush" when I mean "blush". At least I didn't type "itch" all that much.  I think you know what I mean. The "B" has been really bad and since my best friend's name is "brad", he got a lot of "rad" texts. Of course Brad thought I was just being totally hollywood with all my "rad" this and "rad" that.In about 20 days my contract with V will be up. I'll move away from Palm OS and move to iOS5.  I'm also moving away from V, but that a whole other story I won't get into.My advice, don't buy this phone.

I recently broke my Pre and was using a Blackberry ... hated the Blackberry and realized how much I really loved the Pre.  This is an awesome deal, and no extension of contract!  Yes, battery life does SUCK, and maybe there isn't a million (useless) apps, but the phone is great for emails, a few fun games and texting. It multi- tasks great too.  Palm gets a lot of crap, but I think it's a great phone and a great price.UPDATE:  I have now upgraded to the Palm Pre 2 and love it!  So much better than this phone in every way!  If you are thinking of buying the Palm Pre, spend a little more and get the Palm Pre 2 - HP 16GB Palm Pre 2 CDMA Smartphone for Verizon with QWERTY Keyboard, WebOS, Touchscreen, WiFi, GPS(Black)

Seller forgot to mention that phone comes without battery... FML... now i have to order one of those and wait a few more days and pay more shipping... thanks a lot. So far, phone looks cool, in brand new condition, packaging was already open though...probably how the battery went missing...

These phones are junk.  My mom has had two of them now and they have been nothing but trouble.  Even the Verizon stores will tell you that same thing.

I purchased the Palm Pre from Verizon. We have been Verizon customers for nine years and assumed the Palm Pre would have the same reliability as the other devices Verizon has provided. We got the phone strictly for the HotSpot capability. This was on the recommendation of Verizon.Often the Palm Pre cannot connect to the cellular network. When it does it will work for a few minutes then is unable to find a site. 'Site timed out' and must go thru the connection process again.Verizon's attitude is 'so what', just send the money each month. I wrote a letter to the Verizon CEO. After a month or so the Verizon lied to me as to what remedy Verizon would provide.Still have the Palm Pre and Verizon for one year three months and two days. Verizon has enough customers. They obviously don't one more.Jerry R. LenzCass Lake Minn.

I absolutely love my Palm Pre. The syncing feature works quite well, and keeps my gmail, facebook, and phone contacts always up to date with the latest numbers. The integration with email is seamless, and although the app store is not quite as extensive as the iPhone, the Pre has a hardware keyboard which works flawlessly. The tethering capabilities of the phone work nicely, and for a connection on the go it comes in handy with a laptop. The mirror on the back of the phone I have found quite useless, and the sliding of the keyboard in and out leaves marks on the mirror. The camera quality is quite nice for a phone when used with low motion items, however things get blurry with little motion. Video recording works rather well, and picks up audio quite nicely. The storage is more than enough for plenty of pictures and video.

TERRIBLE PHONE. Shipper was more than wonderful but the phone itself is awful, has been nothing but problems. Would not recommend.

There aren't many things this phone can't do.I had a Palm Pre Plus that I purchased from Verizon for fifty dollars. I can do just about anything with it. I can do screen shots, I can watch videos, The Facebook app is stellar and I can open up fifty apps (cards) at once.It's the perfect size too!and it corrects my spelling but not in the hilarious and often embarrassing way that Iphones do.When the old one broke (my fault) I was devastated.I had to start using another phone, that wouldn't sync. So I had to set the entire thing up. With a palm you're always synced. so I never have to reenter numbers.My boyfriend has the I phone 4 and, yes it looks good, but my phone can do more in a lot of areas.Today I've been taking screen-shots of ridiculous comments on forums, cropping them, and posting them on tumblr.This is my favorite thing to do on my laptop and now I don't need to carry that around!There are a few down sides -There are some great apps but I could use more.The battery sucks but it's not the worst ever.

This review is written for people who have experience with previous Palm OS devices.  I previously had a Palm Pilot, a Song Clie (w/ Palm OS), and a Palm Centro.  I loved them all.  The OS was great and I have built up a large list of contact and personal information that I keep in my phone (safe and securly).  This was my main reason to continue using Palm OS.This is what you may expect to find in the Palm Pre that will be missing:You have to use the touch screen.  Have to.  There is no longer a cursor button.  FYI this makes editing a line of text, i.e. cusor movement to go back a few letters to make a correction, very challenging.Contact groups (categories) are gone, you cannot display contacts by group.  The concept of groups doesn't exist.You can't search all records.  You can search for a record name, but the full-text search that would also search the text of notes within records is gone.There is no private record.  You can password protect the phone.  However if you previously enjoyed being able to hide private records instead of entering a password every time you turned on your phone you will be disappointed as it is not possible anymore.Notes attached to a contact will be displayed as raw &lt;html> unless you edit the record.The battery life is HORRIBLE.  My Palm Centro would last 4-5 days before a re-charge.  My Palm Pre can barely make it through ONE day.  I have followed all of the Palm recommendations to reduce battery use.There are no birthday alarms.  If you have contacts with a birthday and expect it to notify you of the event in advance you will be disappointed, that feature doesn't exist on the Pre.Problems I've had with my Palm Pre:Sometimes the alarm clock doesn't work.  Yes - that's right, it is unreliable.  Do an internet search on that topic and you will see lots of other people who have experienced it too.Sometimes the phone doesn't ring or mostly - text messages don't make a sound when they are received.  This is not user error, the phone is not on silent and a message sound is enabled for txt messages.Sometimes the phone shutsdown.  There is no notification when your phone just shuts down.  You won't know until you go to use your phone and when you turn it on it goes through the boot sequence (which takes a few minutes - it's not fast).Frequently the phone intermittently hangs while in use, then suddenly all of the actions you have done (or were attempting to do) happen all at once.  You need to excercise patience when the phone doesn't respond right away.  It takes some getting used to.The antenna strength is poor compared to my Centro.What I like about it:The screen brightness and resolution is better then anything I've had before.Email and web browsing is acceptable.There are some clever and entertaining games that take advantage of the motion sensing technology.Customer support is good.

I bought this phone blindly, that is I didn't do much research before choosing which phone to purchase.  My carrier is Verizon and the Palm Pre was one of the phones I could get for free with a renewal of my 2 year contract.  The advantage of owning this particular phone is that it is a smart phone and has all the perks of a smart phone.  However, here are some of the disadvantages:It takes the phone literally 3-5 minutes to start up when you restart or turn the phone on.  God forbid there was an emergency where you'd need to call 911 and your phone happened to be off.When viewing previous text messages if you scroll up too quickly it doesn't show some of the messages.The buttons are tiny.  I have small fingers but it took me awhile to get used to typing and even now, I have to use my fingernails to completely depress the buttons.Moving the face (screen) up too quickly can cause the phone to turn off by itself.This very morning a message popped up on my lovely Palm Pre phone stating I was no longer signed into my Palm profile and I would need to restart it. I did nothing out of the ordinary to cause this to happen. There was no option of simply getting rid of the message without restarting so I did.  It then acted like an unactivated phone.  I had to re-enter all my passwords, and lost all my saved text messages.  Luckily the contacts were automatically saved on my gmail account but now my contact list also includes 200 people from my facebook account that I have no desire to have in my phone's contact list.  When contacting Palm, they of course, could do nothing, not even tell me why it could have happend.  I've had this phone for about a year and a half and cannot wait to get rid of it.  Save yourself a headache, and get a better phone.

I wrote a review for this phone on AT&T;'s site, but for some reason it was rejected.  Perhaps AT&T; doesn't want customers to know another of their phones has severe problems.  I can't rewrite it word for word, but I can come close, only this time I will be harsh about AT&T.;I've had this phone since October 2010.  I had a Palm Centro before, and while the Pre is very different, I liked it.  Then just a few months ago the bad started.First, dropped calls.  I've had many dropped calls and randomly get "connecting..." when attempting to make a call.  Sometimes it connects, sometimes it doesn't.  I thought it was because I moved to a new area, but since everyone else in my family has AT&T; as well and no trouble where I live, it's not the service, it's the phone.  Even more proof it is the phone is the fact that if I restart the phone I can connect fine... for awhile.  It's not that I don't have service - my bars will be almost full and I still will have trouble.  Once the phone even went into SOS mode for no reason.  A restart fixed that right away.  Restarting once in awhile is fine, but to have to do it so many times is ridiculous, especially since it takes so long to start up.Second, texting trouble.  Whether or not my texts are sent I don't know.  I know one of my friends doesn't always get them, but she had the same trouble when I had my Centro, so I think it's her Blackberry.  My main trouble is typing, though I have had errors when attempting to send a picture I took on my phone.  Again, a restart fixed the picture sending problem.  When my calls started to have trouble it wasn't long after that my keyboard started to not work correctly.  I either get no response or multiple letters when pressing some buttons.  My backspace button is probably the worst (likely because of how many times I have to use it to correct the typing errors), followed closely by "e".  Search the internet - this is a common problem.  I even tried a full erase hoping that would solve the problem (it is unknown if this is a hardware or software problem), but of course it did not help at all with the keyboard, which I figured but thought I'd try in the rare chance it would.The phone is a nice size, depending on the size of your hands, and the keyboard is nice (when it works).  It could have been a great phone if they would have worked out all the problems.  I guess someday I will have to go into my local AT&T; store (assuming there is one in this area) and complain.  In the past all I've got from them was a "yeah, that phone has those problems" and nothing else, so unless things have changed I guess I will have to find the charger for my Centro.  I still have a year until upgrade time, and I guarantee I will never again get a Palm as long as they are owned by HP.  I can't say I'm happy with AT&T; either, but I never was - I WAS happy with Cingular.  The only thing keeping me with AT&T; is the family plan I am part of because it saves us all some money.  Bottom line: don't get this phone unless you don't intend to use it often.

I thought this would be brand new with retail packaging, so I felt a little deceived.  Came in a generic box with everything that would come with a new palm pre.  They should stated on the page that this is NOT from the manufacturer.  I have suspicions that it is rebuilt as I've owned original palm pres with original packaging.  The metal plating inside is a little different, also, the tab for pulling the battery, as well.  Seems fine and looks new, so I'm satisfied.

I loved it becasue it did everything that i need to be done for work but i need to move up

I really like my Palm Pre Plus, and have been using as a smart device with browsing/music player/video player. I am not using on Verizon network. I installed latest firmware ([...]) and bypassed activation. HP support website is awesome and has wealth of information. This phone is great for regular use as a smart device for me and checking emails/youtube etc.

lovely company, they worked with me about my problems with phone issues, promptly. i would do buisness with this company again

If you thinking about getting this phone don't do it.  The battery life is bad.  Mine will not hold a charge for a day and all I'm doing is reading occasional emails, about 6 per day.  It's like it's a electric chain smoker, it has to have frequent "charge breaks" to make it through the day and if you don't all work stops.  I even tried buying a new battery, didn't help.  The key board malfunctions more often then Charlie Sheen drinks.  I have had to replace 3 phones and finally just gave up.  If you have Verison the spam software works like it was writen in 1980's.  They know what spam means but not what to do with it so it blocks everything, good or bad.Countting down the days to get different phone.

Pros:- Beautiful and comfortable design.- Great screen/display resolution.- Responsive touchscreen.- Multitasking: can use more than one application at the same time.- Physical (slider) qwerty keyboard.- Good call/sound quality.- Good music player; great sound with headphones.- Camera takes wonderful pictures.- Camera flash can also be used as a flashlight.- Can be charged without cables, with the touchstone charger.- The proximity sensor automatically disables the touch screen and turns off the display whenever I put the phone up to my ear and turns it back on when I take it away from my face.- Besides the calendar, it seems pretty fast.- 3.5mm headset jack, unlike the Palm Treo (2.5mm); but most phones now have 3.5mm.- Good web browser.Cons:- Terrible battery life. I can use it for a day with moderate use: I don't check emails on my phone and talk less than one hour a day; I use wifi for a few minutes a day. Higher capacity batteries are available, but they significantly bulk-up the phone and can't be used with the touchstone.- Most Palm App Catalog applications are only available in the USA. I live in Central America and cant' access the App Catalog; therefore, I can't download applications from it. I have to use Preware or Homebrew (unofficial freeware), which only display some free apps, most of which are being tested.- No application to sync with Outlook. I had to buy a $40.00 external application to be able to sync; and can only do it at my home network.- Most applications are web-based; so they can't be accessed unless there's wifi or with a data plan with available service.- Can't edit MS Office documents; can only view them. And - of course - can't sync any files.- Small, cramped keyboard. I don't have big hands, and have to type with my fingernails. Also, the edges are higher than the rest of the keyboard, so the keys next to the edges are difficult to press.- Calendar takes over a minute to display appointments over 6 months ahead/behind.- Bluetooth can only be used with audio devices; which means I can't send or receive files from other cell-phones or computers.- No zoom on the camera.- Instant messaging only for Google Talk and AOL; I use Yahoo Messenger.

Palm PRE is 18 months old, last 5-6 months response is too slow . touch screen never respond , now it automatically dials the number  randomly ,battery life max 1 hour after replacing a new battery . Finally I hammered the phone with hammer and recycled , best phone Palm Treo , worst phone Palm PRE is palm poop I have used

I had been a loyal Palm customer for quite a few years, upgrading regularly, purchasing Palm devices for other family members, and very appreciative of the features for which Palm had at one time been the market leader.  So when my mobile phone needed replacement about a year ago it didn't take much convincing for me to get a Palm Pre Plus.  Between business and social life I had accumulated over a thousand contacts in my Palm address book, and I had come to depend on the excellent support I got from the Palm in organizing, searching, and retrieving that information.  Nearly as important was the exceptional calendar software on the Palm for keeping tracking of all my meetings and appointments.  I was attracted by the prospect of continuing with the company which had provided all of these superb tools, now to be combined with my mobile phone so that I could now carry around one device instead of two.  It never occurred to me that Palm would throw away all of the development in which it had invested over the years and replace it with a significantly inferior platform.  I won't go into all of the details of features Palm dropped on the floor (contact categories, desktop sync, full text searching, structured storage of postal addresses, etc.): other reviewers here have already cataloged those.  Eventually I resigned myself to the feature downgrade and tried to make the best of the situation by taking advantage of other new capabilities which the previous Palm devices hadn't had, in particular the ability to schedule jobs, which I used to have the Pre send a nightly copy of my contact information to my desktop workstation.  However, even these new features were broken, as I found out when the device silently turned off all of the scheduled tasks any time it was powered down, which happened more and more frequently as the battery became increasingly unreliable.  The really serious problems kicked in as I approached the end of the first year with the device.  The calendar started losing or garbling event information: I'd enter a weekly meeting and it would just disappear as soon as I saved it.  For other appointments the Palm Pre would silently change the date: I would schedule something for the following Tuesday and the Pre would save it for Wednesday instead.  The device also started shutting itself down unpredictably: one minute the battery would report that it had a 40 percent charge remaining, and 60 seconds later it changed its mind and said there was 0 percent power left and was turning itself off.  Reporting all of these problems was a waste of time: Palm no longer seems to care about customer support or tracking down and fixing bugs.  So after a year of struggling to live with all the defects I finally gave up last week and replaced the device.  I have just turned off the last Palm I'll ever own.

great phone. seems like new but came with a crappy screen cover and without the original box. but overall phone has been great and am happy with it

I recommend not to buy  &#4304;&#4320; &#4309;&#4304;&#4320;&#4306;&#4304; &#4325;&#4304;&#4320;&#4311;&#4323;&#4314; &#4305;&#4304;&#4310;&#4304;&#4320;&#4310;&#4308; &#4304;&#4320;&#4304;&#4304; &#4306;&#4304;&#4311;&#4309;&#4314;&#4312;&#4314;&#4312; :)gaitvaliswineT cdma aqvs magram Let's say I'm bad

this is a cool smartphone for a great price. I don't consider myself ultra techy or geeky but I know this phone is well thought out. It is so easy to craft a letter in "memos" & shoot it off as email.  It populates contact info effortlessly. My only gripe is with the keys; the keys could be more responsive. This is my third & favorite hp phone purchase...favorite because of the gorilla glass improvement. I could be satisfied with this as a "final phone" but the pre 3 is compelling :)

This phone initially was great! But it slowly developed problems. The speaker went out and Verizon gave me a replacement.  The decline of my enjoyment of this phone has been slow.  But now it has trouble charging and the battery dies half way through the day.  The phone is slow and not very responsive.  I really liked this phone at first and wish it was higher quality.

LOVED THE PHONE I HAVE NOT MADE A TOUCH TONE PHONE BEFORE I DIDNT THINK I WOULD GET USED TO IT I REALLY LOVE IT

I love the Palm Pre Plus. This is the third one I've owned. The power button goes out after almost a years use but the phone is still completely usable. I dropped the first one several times and was pretty rough on it but it still lasted me two years. The second one I had is still in great working condition but I am switching carriers and had to get a new phone to do so, I chose to stick with the pre plus.

I still think that WebOS is awesome and that the Pre is a great device.  2 things keep it from getting 5 stars: no 4G and some Apps are no longer supported (screw you DirecTV for taking away support for the Sunday Ticket app).  But honestly, I don't use my mobile device for launching missiles, I just want something I can use Facebook, check email, buy airline tickets, check headlines, watch the occasional video and make phone calls.  Nothing real fancy, so if you want to do these simple tasks, the Pre is the device for you.  The email inbox and messaging integration  is second to none, meaning all emails from hotmail, Gmail, etc, appear in the same inbox if you want, and all texts, even grom GTalk or AIM, appear in the same app too.  As far as I know, no other devices do this, even the high-end stuff from Android and iPhone.  Also, the tethering and Wi-Fi Hotspot functionality is free.  So even though I am a year past my upgrade discount from Verizon, I am sticking with the Pre, because honestly, IMO nothing better exists.

Excellent price and durable shipped well and very happy with purchase.  Shipment came fast and very happy on arrival.Unfortunately, unable to use because it is AT&T; without a sim card

I had this phone for about 2 weeks.  I loved the look and feel of the phone.  The only problem with the phone was the lack of applications.  I was previously using a regular cell phone and a separate PDA for a calendar and task list.  I wanted to upgrade to one device.  The problem was there were no decent calendar applications for the WEBOS.  You can buy a program that will let you use the old Palm OS programs, but they really looked old fashioned.  After about 2 weeks, I decided to go with an Android phone.  So far it is going great; I am still learning how to use it.Also, the battery life is not that great.  I am not a heavy cell phone user, but I had to charge it every day.  My new Android phone will last 2 to 3 days before I need to charge it.

In early December 2010, my Motorola SLVR died and I needed a new phone.  I wanted a smart phone, namely an iphone BUT I would have had to cough up about $200 to upgrade to an iphone whereas I could get this Palm Pre Plus for free.  The only change in cost would be that I would have to get a data plan for at least $15/month.  At first, I loved it because going from a "non-smart" phone to a smart phone is great.  However, I began to notice that the signal strength was poor anytime I was in my home.  This resulted in calls being dropped CONSTANTLY.  Or at times, when people tried to call me, the phone wouldn't even ring, the call would go straight to voice mail and eventually I would discover I had the voicemail.I called Palm who wanted to blame the problem on AT&T;'s coverage.  I knew that wasn't the problem because we (husband & I) had both had cell phones with great signal strength previously through AT&T.;  The problem only existed with the Palm.  So I was on the phone for an hour and a half or so troubleshooting trying all kinds of things.  Nothing worked.  To be fair, the last thing the Palm customer service people suggested was "resetting" the phone so it went back to its factory settings.  I didn't want to try that and didn't have any reason to believe that would work when nothing else did so I didn't do the reset.Today was the last straw.  I was at the doctor's office waiting for an appointment when my husband called.  I answered the call, noticed I had 0 bars of reception, and the call dropped before I could get 5 words in.  I tried to call him back to no avail.  There was no reception for the 2 hours or so I was inside the doctor's office building.  When I got outside, I attempted to call my husband back and again, even though I'm OUTDOORS--no reception.  Made the call but before we could say much of anything, the call dropped.  I can not wait to get rid of this useless garbage!!!Also, the camera on the phone lacks a zoom feature.When I had only had it for a few months, it mysteriously "died."  It had a good charge and everything and when I picked it up, the screen was black & I couldn't get it to turn on.  I replaced the battery & it worked again.  This happened again recently & I found a way to bring it back to life on palm's support site.  (triple toggle restart)

I bought this phone after researching it for my wife.  The Palm OS is easy to learn, use, and seamlessly integrates into everyday use.  This is a powerful little phone that even has a reflective panel in the back if you plan on using it for an on the spot make up mirror or to take a self portrait.  Good build quality and decent battery life.  The call quality leaves more to be desired as well as the speakerphone volume is a bit weak.  Sadly, our puppy got a hold of this phone of hers and it was no more.  Case/build quality vs sharp tooth of 10.5 month old Lab/Husky mix...PUPPY WINS!  However, I would recommend this phone to anyone who is wanting a phone to go with Page Plus plans and didn't want an android phone.

1) The battery only lasts about half of a day. This is not a problem with my battery, it is a problem with all Palm batteries. I keep idiotically buying new ones hoping for a different result, and it's always the same.2) The app store is frozen. I was bored one day and went onto it to download some new games, and the installs keep failing. Now every time I turn on my phone (see also: #7) there is an extra few minutes I have to wait for my phone to attempt to install those games, fail, and notify me of its failure so that I can get rid of said notification. Every time I try to go onto the app store to unpurchase those games (which is, rather stupidly, the ONLY way to get rid of them), the app store just freezes, so not only can I not download anymore apps now, but this process of waiting for my phone to fail six installs every time I turn it on is now a permanent feature.3) The alarm clock is broken. If I try to set more than two alarms, all of them will mysteriously be reset to go off at the same time as a random one in the group. &#34;So then,&#34; you might ask, &#34;why not just set two alarms a little extra early and keep snoozing them?&#34; Glad you asked! Half the time, if you hit the snooze button, the phone mistakes it for dismiss, then realizes its mistake 22 MINUTES LATER. A lot of good that does when you have a 9:30 meeting to attend.4) The 3G is so slow, I can only use it in situations in which I am willing to wait a full five minutes per loading screen.5) People often tell me during phone calls that I sound muffled or far away.6) The send button for texts and e-mails is delayed and often bugs out, sending the same text three times and then opening the pictures folder because it thought maybe I wanted to send a picture.7) Speaking of which, only sends/receives pictures successfully about half the time via text. Only succeeds about 10% of the time via internet.8) Takes FOREVER to turn on.Seriously. Don't give these people your money. You're not buying a smart phone. There are so many bugs that you would literally be better off with a flip phone. The only reason I haven't thrown this thing under a train yet is because I only got it to hold me over until my trade-in in a few months. I wish I had picked ANYTHING else. This thing is complete and utter garbage.

Was  a disappointment from the beginning  so was web os  hp was not ready for the future on phone service  techs and designers of this phone did a great job .small power full system with a big 16 gig drive no even iphone offerts on that time.if any want to purchase this phone need to know this.phone is lock needs hp web os unlocking service, no more apps are done for this  phone the .the good thing can be unlocked look at you tube tutorials and aftermarket apps enjoy it.

I needed to replace my Palm Pre after three years.  This phone still exhibits the same software issues as the Palm Pre, yet I will  deal with these issues strickly due to no smartphone fee.

I totally agree with the top 2 reviews. Definitely read the start-up stuff/go through the tutorials when U get this cutie! If u've already caught up with the tech-generation, this will be a breeze. If u r new to apps, POP email accounts, txt'ng, and so on, this is an absolute dream of a starter phone! I luv, absolutely LUV its compact size and mini, slide-out keyboard. It fits nicely in my skinny jeans, little purses and all those small pockets that other phones can't get into! Great phone!

Love my contract and phone --simply wore the first one out!  Have had a Palm Pre for over 2 years and my provider had this phone available.

I've had my Palm Pre Plus for over a year now and just realized that I never wrote up a review on it. I'm honestly glad I waited this long as my love for the phone has diminished considerably since I got it back in December of 09.Pros first:-The phone gets great reception, although that probably has more to do with my carrier than the phone itself;-Fits comfortably in my hand and pocket;Not-so-good stuff:-Extremely short battery life. Even with very limited use I found myself having to charge it after only about 12 hours. My battery has only seemed to have gotten worse over time. There are days when the battery drops to below 10% after only about 6 hours of very limited use;-The finish of the phone is extremely slick. I'm not a clumsy person, but I've dropped this phone dozens of times since I've had it because the surface is so slippery;-The keys & the keyboard are extremely small. Even my wife who has very petite hands also has some difficulty using the keyboard effectively;-The swipe navigation took some time getting used to and continually "misreads" my swipes. It's frustrating making the same swipe motion several times before the phone recognizes what you're actually wanting to do;-Multitasking isn't what it's cracked up to be with the Pre. Several other reviewers have mentioned how great the phone is for multitasking. I've found that while switching between apps is quite easy and fast, the phone sort of chokes when you receive a call while using an app. I've missed many calls due to this;-The screen scratches very easily. I've been very gentle with my phone, but somehow it has many scratches on it;-The camera does not perform well at all. Granted, I didn't buy the phone for the camera, but there have been times when I wished the camera performed a bit better. Also, because the cover of the lens is recessed in the back of the phone it is very difficult to clean off the lens without completely removing the back cover;-The app market for Palm users isn't nearly as robust for Droid or iPhone users. Again, this isn't something that completely ruins the phone for me, but it might be for others.The phone has performed well as a phone, but given the amount of negatives I've found during the year I've owned it would not make me want to purchase another Palm phone.

I received my Palm Pre Plus from AT&T; about two weeks ago. I have owned a Palm Centro for a couple of years now, and I naively expected the same functionality from the Pre Plus that I enjoyed with my Centro. That really was my fault as I didn't do enough homework on the features and functions of this phone compared to the traditional Palm OS.Physically, the phone felt comfortable in my hands. It wasn't heavy enough to be burdensome, but it wasn't so light that it felt like a toy. The keys have the traditional clear overlay that protects the letters, and they are a bit larger and better spaced than on my Centro or Treo 650. I was very pleased with the slide out keyboard.Learning to navigate the phone via the swipe motions took about three or four days to become totally natural. It would have been much easier if Palm had included better instructions with the phone, but the included manual contained little more than instructions on how to turn it on, answer a call, etc.Setting up the necessary software to customize the phone was moderately challenging, even though I am one of two of my school's officially labeled "geeks". Web OS seemed to me to have been shipped prematurely. There are many wonderful customizations available, but you have to download several programs and rely on what's called "Homebrew Apps" or third-party software for the features that old-school Palm users take for granted. For example, there is no custom ringtone for unknown callers, no options for reminders, no easy scrolling through a text message to quickly fix an error in the line above, limited or no brightness options, etc.Traditional Palm software for the Centro and Treo phones will not work on WebOS. You can buy an app for the Pre that will allow you to run some (but not all) Palm OS apps on the Pre.There is no included phone-to-pc sync option. For me and many other Centro/Treo users, this was a BIG deal. There is an app that will allow you to back up your Pre to your desktop, BUT the the traditional hot sync is not available on WebOS. The phone comes with Google calender sync installed, but any attempt to sync Google Calender, the Pre, AND Outlook will result in possibly hundreds of duplicate event entries. There is third-party software you can purchase to allow a full sync with Outlook, but it can cost as much as $60-$70. Even those software options do not back up your media to your computer. You are on your own with that one.Another nasty surprise was the missed call notification. When the Pre informs you that you have missed a call, a tap on the screen will open up the dialog that lets you know whose call you missed. Unfortunately, it immediately dials the number of the missed call AT THE SAME TIME. It is really unpleasant to be in the middle of a meeting or other activity and find yourself trying to explain to your mother that you really didn't mean to call her back right then or why you felt compelled to call her and hang up.As they say in the world of Pre, though: There's a patch for that. In other words, you can download system tweaks that change many of the basic functions of the Pre and make it more user-friendly. While I think that's great, I also believe that most of it shouldn't be necessary.On the bright side, should you brick your phone playing around with Homebrew (unofficial freeware) apps or patches, Palm has available for download Web Doctor. This script will restore your phone to factory specs, erasing everything except what your Pre shipped factory with. When you sync with your Palm account, your address book, Palm store apps, and a few other things will be restored. Your media, however, is gone forever unless you have used USB mode to access your media folders and backed them up manually or used a cloning app to copy your Pre data for restore.There is no removable memory option. The Pre comes with 16g on-board drive space, and that's it. It offers the option to choose "charge" or "Use in usb mode" when you plug in the included USB charging cable.While the battery life is terrible, there has been a sharp drop in the price of charging accessories. The Touchstone (a cable-less charger) has dropped from the $70 range to around $20 shipping and all here on Amazon. There has likewise been a similar drop in the price of car chargers, AC to USB converters, and replacement batteries.An item of note: The batteries for the Pre are physically indistinguishable from Centro batteries with the exception of the black outer packaging that the Pre battery comes in. Palm says that you are not to use Centro batteries in the Pre, but they have not as yet made an official statement as to why. They only warn you that using a Centro battery in a Pre can damage your phone. They just won't tell you how. This is especially frustrating as not only are the two batteries both listed at 1150mAh, but there is a substantial price difference between the two - not to mention that many Pre users already have a ton of Centro batteries lying around gathering dust. If you ever get bored, you can always head over to one of the Pre message boards on the web and get the Pre/Centro battery argument going (again). You'll have more entertainment than you can stand, I promise.There are many features of the Pre that made the phone worth the (mostly initial) aggravation. The ability to minimize apps, leaving them open as you open another, is wonderful. As I don't have the best data access in my location, I can open the web browser and leave it minimized while I send a text or record an event into my calender. It comes GPS enabled, and while the AT&T; GPS servie is extra, Google maps is not.The browser is incredibly easy to use, and it offers several short-cut options that put your favorite sites within single tap availability. It also switches between apps quickly and easily without forcing you to start from the beginning in each one. It also still threads chat messages.You get thirty days of free phone support with your new phone, and after thirty days, phone support is about $15 an hour. Chat support is always free.The Pre Plus is is a great geek phone that with many options available for customization - including many free themes. It can get expensive buying the apps that many Centro users have felt should have been included with the phone, however, and setting up the customization will be beyond the comfort zone of may users. While the battery life is abysmal, chargers and replacement batteries are becoming more affordable. The graphics are stunningly clear and sharp, the screen is an optimal size in relation to the device, and the versatility of functioning as a thumb drive is an added plus.In summary, the crux of it is this: it has a mixed bag of positives and negatives, and the way you will feel about it will be directly related to the degree of tech-savvy that you have. If you are a Treo or Centro user who is upgrading, don't expect a great (or even pleasant) out-of-the-box experience, and you need to be prepared to shell out additional $$ for third-party software needed to complete the functionality of the phone. For me, that meant spending about $100 on additional software to allow me to sync, run some classic apps, and to replace a couple of old favorites that just wouldn't run on an emulator.

Get ready for disappointment with the Palm Pre Plus, from Palm.  This phone:- Gets the poorest reception of any phone I have ever owned- Drops calls constantly- Fails to download SMS messages on a consistent basis- Randomly fails to retrieve webpages until rebooted or put into and then taken out of airplane mode- Shuts off randomly until you cram a piece of paper inside the cover to hold the battery in place- Will completely drain its battery with light use in less than 6 hours.  I can't make it through a work day without charging.As a special bonus, Palm will take all of your contacts and lock them away forever so that you can't export them to any other phone or PC, ever, unless you email them to yourself one at a time or just give up and write them all down on a piece of paper.Stay away from this phone.  Any other phone in the world, as long as it is not made by Palm, is better than this phone.  The phone you have now is better than this phone.  STAY AWAY!

Arrived on time and works great!!!  Excellent service :)We are currently using the phone with no issues.  I would definitely buy this product again or anything from this provider.

I have owned a Palm Pre for over a year now. In January, I will upgrade to a different phone, quite happily. Bad reviews are fun to write, because you can be sarcastic and snide. I write this review with a heavy heart. I wanted to have a good experience with this phone. It replaced a Palm Treo, which in turn replaced my Palm Pilot.I should start with the good: The Pre was the very first phone to actually multitask, so that two or more applications could run at once. The screen is generally bright, if small (3.1 inches, compared with 3.4 inches for the iPhone and 4.3 inches for many Android devices). Once you get used to it, the keyboard is acceptable, if small and a bit cramped. The camera takes relatively decent photos for 3 megapixels.The mediocre: While it synchs nicely with my Gmail calendar, if I am entering an appointment time on the phone itself, I have to use an awkward "wheel" for any starting time other than the top of the hour. I have gotten used to it, but still find this feature annoying.Now the bad: I am actually on my second Palm Pre. The first one needed replacement when the only way I could accept calls was through the external speaker. The second, replacement phone, will only power on when I pull up the slider bar and expose the keyboard. The top "on/off" button works for putting the phone in "vibrate mode," but nothing else.Additionally, the cover to the micro USB port on both phones was flimsy and broke off. Last week, the MP3 player decided it no longer wanted to play when I wanted to listen through headphones. Even before then, the volume control (on both phones) was abysmal.Battery life is terrible. My phone ran out of power, in airplane mode, while listening to music on a 3 hour flight. When doing web searches, the phone becomes hot -- much hotter than other devices I have used. The charging dock is a good concept for charging the phone, though I have discovered it is easier to charge simply by plugging it in.The Worst: WebOS, while innovative, has been abandoned by its current owner, Hewlett-Packard. As a result, the operating system itself is not being updated. Additionally, there is no incentive for developers to actually create apps for WebOS devices. Where both Apple and Android can claim to literally have hundreds of thousands of downloadable apps, WebOS has under 10,000. While nobody has an use for most of the Apple and Android Apps, certain ones, like Shazam or barcode scanners, are invaluable -- and not to be found in the WebOS catalog.So here's the bottom line: You can spend $50 to $100 for a Palm Pre Plus, and quite possibly have all the problems I have had with my two, or you can get something else. I suggest the "something else."

YES TIS SHIPPED FAST BUT THAT IS THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT IT.... THIS PHONE IS NOT RELIABLE... IT BROKE TWO MNTHS LATER... IT's VERY HARD TO TYPE.. NOT ONLY BECUZ THE KEY BOARD IS SMALL BUT ALSO THE KEYS DNT DELIVER WHEN You PRESS THEM. TE APPS SUCK..... STICK WT A ANDROID PHONE OR IPHONE... LEAVE TIS PHONE FOR YOUR GRANDMA

I purchased my phone approximately 8 months ago and must say that I am very disappointed. The battery life is awful and it is difficult to know when you are receiving a phone call because the audio is so low you can't even hear it. In addition when trying to view missed calls the phone automatically redials the call so it is aggravating as you attempt to identify the caller without "accidentially" returning the call at an inconvenient time or place. I purchased this through Verizon and am stuck with it for another 18 months. I can't wait to be able to change.

I really enjoyed this phone.  Its got a downside since the battery life isnt all that great.  I bought a $40 battery and I just started using it today but I noticed a difference right away as it seems the battery wears down even without much use.  The phone really does rival the iphone in many aspects. Ive had it six months and I'll really miss it.- Multitasking is unmatched on this phone.- I love the threaded emails as I scroll thru them and see the various messages.- I also love using the facebook apps and the internet has never disconnected me.  Upgrading from a Samsung Reality this was a huge improvement.- I got a great deal on this one as it was only around $100 and they sell above that on Amazon.- Going back and forth between windows is a snap and theres never been and issue.- HP's network can only improve the Palm platform.- If your an MS user you can download word, excel etc docs all day if you'd like.- The Calender is great as you can scroll thru various months at a time.- Maybe AT&Ts; Palms arent the same quality but Ive never had an issue with the alarm clock not working as stated above.  I use mine daily too.- Great Camera!  Pics are crystal clear. The video quality isnt bad either.- The mobile hotspot works great so does the wi-fi. Ive never had any issues with mine like I have with previous phones.- Can download PDF docs too.- I recently met an HP rep and she showed me the Pre 3 its very much like the current models out there but smaller.  The size of the Pre plus is perfect for me.- I dropped the phone in the river and it came back perfectly.Only Cons I can think of are:Verizons making me upgrade my data plan and I dont use alot of internet on my phone so Ive decided to sell it.Battery life needs to better for heavy use.

Arrived ahead of time. Had problem updating the system, seller immediatley replaced the phones, great customer service, their just not phone savy, in all fairness Palm Support wasn't either. Verizon had to Hardstart the phoneto get the new system update and now they work great.

I'm going to an iphone, but this palm is awesome, never any problems with it. But i hope Palm can make it up to par with iphone!

Have had this phone for almost a year or a year now. Where do I start? Battery life is really bad, especially with wifi turned on. Don't even think of using anything but a Palm charger, I have killed two batteries as a result. Webos is a joke, hardly any apps available, thanks to HP. Speaker blew out since I had to have the volume at the loudest which is a common occurance for this phone. Takes five moniutes to turn on and off and have to go through three taps to turn it off.Got a Droid x and haven't activated it yet on page plus, but so far so much more impressed. Battery life a million times better. Takes only a minute to turn off and on. Screen is bigger and graphics are awesome. I won't miss my Palm, that's for sure. Verizon recently no longer sells Palm phones on their website, surprised they didn't sooner.

To bad it was Palm's "hail Mary", and it didn't go as well as they wanted it to.  And now that Hewlett Packard has purchased Palm, and is all but ignoring this phone, it's quickly degrading to the point where it will be nearly useless before it actually wears out.  Sad ... like I say, this "was" the best phone ever.Addendum:  HP has now disabled Google Maps on this phone, and re-routes any requests for map information to "Bing".  This also disables dozens and dozens of other apps that depended on the Google Maps API.  Hewlett Packard has gone beyond simply ignoring this phone, and is now actively disrupting it's original functionality.  There are class action law suits in the works, but nothing will ever come of them.  HP has simply ruined the best phone ever.

What can I say?  This phone is the Colecovision of video game systems.  A hidden gem nobody will ever remember but one of the most fascinating pieces of technology to ever be created.  My Palm fell apart a few months ago, and I tried out the iphone for several months.  Yes the iphone is better, but because I have a MAC it's also redundant.  I just sold and bought a used Palm for 18 dollars and quite frankly couldn't be happier.  I know it's not as fast as the iphone and doesn't have the app support, but it really satisfies all the basic needs of a smartphone, is more stylish and fits nicely in the pocket.  I also like the physical keyboard.  The app situation isn't all grim either.  There are the social media basics and then there are some fantastic home brews.  This is where the Pre is like the Colecovision--I predict dedicated fans are going to be making apps for this thing for years to come.  It's also nice to know if I break my phone it's going to cost 18 dollars to replace and not 800.  I'll stick with this for another year at least.  Welcome back Pre!

I bought this as a replacement because my android phone junked out on me and I get an upgrade in two months. So no need to buy anything fancy. It's a good little phone, but the webios phones are no longer supported by Hewlett Packard. So, in short, there are no updates and never will be again. The app store is lousy and it makes my wallet hurt to think I have to pay for a data package on this phone while using it. The keys are very small, even if I didn't have large-ish hands, I still think this would even be a teeny keyboard for a toddler.For a beginner phone, sure. It may be good if you don't mind paying the extra for data every month. But I wouldn't recommend it.

I'm not sure you can &#34;love&#34; a product but I AM totally satisfied with the price and timeliness of shipment.  The product wasn't in excellent shape but the seller did everything to replace it to my satisfaction.

I would have had to pay alot more for this, had I found one any where else-and actually found out after much research with/through Verizon-they didn't have this model phone anymore...so it ended up-this was the only source for this model
