
I was the same way with this phone, until I changed out the software I thought it was a pile of crap. Only thing this phone is good for is texting and sometimes internet browsing. The keyboard is pretty good, probably the best feature of this phone. If you are stuck with this phone I highly recommend installling different software like cyanogenmod. Here's a link that helped me out big time with this: [...]After I changed the software, I am okay with this phone. Even though it really does suck ALOT! Its a good phone for messaging and is a good social device to stay connected with friends.Like I said there is possible use for this phone if you are stuck with it. But if you are thinking of buying this phone DO NOT. I repeat DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

It didn't come with a sim card, and a small problem of it hanging up if I don't have it on speaker.The volume control is great and I haven't had any problems with the battery like some people have reported.Over all it's a good value for the money.

It is totally awesome. I love it. It is an amazing phone. All of it's features are very interesting. It's easy to use.

The product matches perfectly with the description.The backflip itself it's not the faster smart phone around, of course, but it's enough for most applications.The seller was very fast and I got it sooner than I was expecting. I recommend!

hi i m giving this cell phone five stars bcoz it looked solid and good when i got it. but what i got was a used phone instead of new from the oem shop. so it had to be sent back. i didnt want to be unfair n give this 1 star bcoz of fault of the seller. i have ordered new n i m waiting. once i get it i will let u know how this cell phone actually is.

If you are even thinking about getting this phone - my advice to you is DON'T.Don't take it from me - really do your homework on this one!  You will find a host of unhappy Backflip owners and that to me says that this phone is a problem child.  At best it is completely underwhelming in terms of performance.  It is slow and really quirky as a smart phone and bad call quality makes it a complete lemon.  The Android 2.1 upgrade has given access to better designed apps so things like butt-dialling are no longer such a problem but to me it has slowed the phone down?  Go figure!I am on my 3rd Backflip in 8 months and each one of them has been a pain.  The first one stopped charging, the second one suffered screen failure & went nuts.  The third one is spluttering along starting to show symptoms of the screen playing up too.  Sadly,  I was really excited by the form factor, the fact that AT&T; had finally conceded to include an Android phone in their line and never dreamt that Motorola would put out something as bad as this. Motorla insists there is not a problem, but I and a host of others disagree.If you load apps it really slows down so it is actually quicker for me to fire up my desktop and load e-mail than it is to get e-mail on the phone. Very frustrating when the screen freezes and you cannot answer or end a call.  I am doing hard resets about avery month (whereupon all the apps you loaded go away) and still having to pull the battery out about every third day to get the phone untangled.I could go on for weeks about the complete lack of acknowlegement of the problem by Motorola and the poor attitude of AT&T;, but will let you form your own conclusions!Bottom line and my problems aside, there are way better phones that have come on the market since this model was launched.  For me - I will shortly be moving to a real service provider (Verizon) and getting a phone that people tell me actually works (Samsung Galaxy).

I bought the phone for my husband who lives in Jamaica I thought that the phone was unlocked but it wasn't and had to pay money to get it unlocked was really disappointed

I'm from Caracas, Venezuela and buy this phone as it says in its announcement that it was unlocked and what I receive is that now nobody can unlock I think I lost my money if someone can help me appreciate it

EN LO QUE ME LLEGO EL TELEFONO ME DI CUENTA QUE ERA UN TELEFONO REPARADO, AL MES LA BATERIA SE DA&Ntilde;O Y DESPUES DE CAMBIAR LA BATERIA, SOLO DURABA PRENDIDO 5 MINUTOS Y SE COLGABA. POR VENDEDORES COMO ESTE UNO DEJA DE COMPRAR TELEFONOS POR AQUI

This phone is the biggest load of crap I was ever overcharged for. Every time I touch this peice of garbage it infuriates me. It's SEVERELY underpowered for the Android OS. I've never seen a more lothargic phone. Just about everything you try to do with it takes so long to load you give up half the time and just end up mashing the home key a million times to try and get it to stop. It's like trying to get a 90 year old man to do you a favor. It get's to it in it's own sweet time.One of the other reviewers was talking about how it will randomly shut down and reboot in hte middle of whatever your doing. Yep. Confirmed. In fact, my phone will randomly reboot in my pocket when I'm not even trying to use it. And when it reboots, you'd better start a movie. Because it takes a full 2 to 3 minutes to boot up and figure out where it is. I know that doesn't sound like a long time, but when you're in a hurry to make a call it's the longest 3 minutes of your life.And how's this for being born under a bad sign? I can no longer get into my contact list. Anytime I try to open it, it fails and dumps me back on the main screen. The only way I can call someone from my contact list is to look through my recent calls and hope they're on there.Besides that, the contact list is permanently affixed to motoblur which is a big pain in the butt. My contact list has every person from my facebook/myspace/yahoo list on it. And if I want to get someone off of it, I litterally have to remove them from my facebook/myspace/yahoo list online. I can't just block specific users that I want on facebook, but not on my phone. I weep for those freind collectors that have 900 freinds on their list.I'm horribly, horribly dissatisfied with this peice of junk. I highly reccomend that EVERYONE avoid it like the plague. I absolutely cannot wait to get anything else.

A relatively small phone that sports a backlit keypad the flips down. Once open your forefinger(s) rest on the unique touch pad on the back part of the screen. This allows you to scroll and browse hyperlinks without obscuring the screen by touching it (realistically at first we are more prone to touching the screen). Despite being a little used feature, having the choice is definite plus on the diminutive screen. Loading the Opera Mini app for improved website rendering speed will also let the touchpad feature shine. The keyboard also features arrow keys and the primary navigation buttons of android (back level, home, application menu).My primary interest in purchasing this item was having an Exchange capable work phone with SMS texting. I also wanted to load apps such as Words with Friends / Angry Birds or even advanced scientific calculators. The games run a bit slowly (hint: turn off background in Angry Birds). Other apps run just fine My messaging needs were met with the excellent MotoBlur aggregate tool that comes preloaded on Motorola Android phones. This tool can present a universal inbox that has your texts, SMS, and email accounts presented in a pleasing tile manner. I was pleased with the extra backend features that are paid services on platforms like Apple's MobileMe. A real boon when your various configurations choices are stored with your MotoBlur account. This allows easily transitioning to another (newer) Motorola Android phone later on. One fantastic feature of MotoBlur is a remote tracking of the phone using GPS and a remote wipe so you can protect your sensitive data if the Backflip is ever stolen or lost. MotoBlur does have its share of quirks, as some initial confusion confounded me pertaining to exactly on which service was I composing the message or from which address book was being used. For instance one email message to a coworker went to his defunct Facebook registered email address rather than his work email. I did like the tile like presentation of the information - it immediately reminded me of the new Windows Phone 7's manner of presenting important information on the main screen. I will be moving to another MotoBlur capable android phone for AT&T; rather than HTC or other for just these features. Motorola has added a service that makes using the Backflip a real timesaver.Caveats:A common source of frustration with attempting to text in collapsed "phone" mode was a propensity for my rather sausage-like fingers to hit the "home" button rather than the on screen keyboard's space button. I made a point of using the backflipping keyboard for important messages. Tilting the phone into landscape mode would have obviated this I suppose and increased the on-screen real-estate for the touch screen keyboard.It is a real shame the Motorola Roadmap flags this device to remain at Android 2.1 level. AT&T; also blocks some of the more interesting Android Marketplace options (such as the new Amazon AppStore for Android). Again, this phone will remain at 2.1. It would be great to see a 2.2 Froyo version with it's tighter code, better features and purported ability to leverage performance improvements even on older phones (this was released in 2010 and it speaks to the Android marketplace that Backflip is considered dated). The processor in the Backflip really suffers in comparison to modern Android phones such as the Optimus S (sprint) or Optimus V (Virgin Mobile). This is primarily due to the graphics chips in newer phones that offload much of the grunt work of rendering onscreen eye-candy from the main processor resulting in a much smoother user experience.Final Word:The phone still has performance enough to serve most entry-level android user needs. Motoblur features alone kept us using this phone long past when we could have upgraded.

I recommend the seller UnlockedCellPhoneKings, they carried the phone fast to my hands.The cellphone is unlocked, I love all the options, all I updated my phone to Android 2.1 from Motorola Website.I excellent buy for the price. I love it!The only issue, no headphones..

I upgraded to the Backflip right after it was released. Bad choice.The first phone I had would text people on its own, call people while it was sitting right in front of me, call the wrong people, text the wrong people, and it would restart itself randomly. AT&T; replaced it in July, and by the end of July it was doing the same things and more. I did a software upgrades, changed the SIM card (twice), and it would work for a few weeks and then start acting up again. Finally, I couldn't get into any of my contacts, as the phone would crash as soon as I selected a name. And then it erased everything I had on my homescreen and everytime I tried to open an app it would crash. I went to AT&T; and then allowed me to get an early upgrade for the insurance price of the phone--but it was a long 10 months with this phone. Do not buy it, you will regret it.

Had to use it because I had no other choice for a phone. It was slow had horrible reception and everything.

This phone is a rather crude design. Was not expecting a back flip. Can't get used to the awkward flipping back to open and hate the fact that both the screen and keyboard are exposed when the phone is closed. Vulgar. Looks elegant in the amazon photo but it is small and obsolete in reality. A purchase I must say I regret.

DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP. I BET YOU WILL DO YOURSELF A HUGE FAVOR:) ALL THE ABOVE COMMENTS ABOUT THIS PHONE BEING SLOW, REBOOTING ETC IS DAMN TRUE.

This is a piece of crap indeed. I bough this thing when it was released. Unfortunately, the complains I am reading right now were not available at the purchase time and due to the fact I live outside, I read the first complains on the phone 4 weeks after the purchase. Too late for me to return it.I tried everything, this phone is the worst thing I ever had. The Original OS by Motorola is completely limited for doing anything, it is locked, meaning you cannot install your own apps to figure out where is this piece of crap failing. It was rebooting every 2 minutes and the battery was increasing its temperature. I wiped out the OS and did a rebuild using a custom MOD, more efficient, user friendly and reliable than the crap used by Motorola. Same problem. Is not a problem on the OS or the software, it is a hardware issue. In my phone, i was able to isolate the issue to the SIM card. No matter what, if you are using the internet connection provided by your operator trough the SIM card, the device will reboot randomly. By disabling on Settings->wireless & network settings->Mobile networks->data option, the phone stop rebooting. Connected to a normal wifi connection, downloading APPS, chatting and looking for youtube videos and IT WONT REBOOT. Do it using the SIM and it just doesn't work. Just in case, i changed my SIM 3 times, no difference at all. I tested each on other smartphones from friends, it worked fine.By the way, using more than 2 apps on this crap will also popup the error message "application xxxx has stopped responding" wait or close app. Is the whole hardware that is failing!!! It does not matter if you are using 1 application, the processor doesn't seem to handle it and you will be spammed with error messages about unresponsive applications, when the fact is the hardware cannot even handle 1 single app when you touch more than 1 button in less than 1 second on the touch screen.My advice: Motorola is doing all wrong, and you don't have to pay for their mistakes. Go for any other brand using Android OS, you will have a better price and technology than this.

i got this phone and i thought it would be awesome and was it ...........YES it was awesome everyone should get this phone one word for you all amazing

I have had this phone for now a little over a month it's been great. I've been a little scared at first in purchasing this phone because of the many neg. reviews. I've taken precaution to protect this phone by, buying a protective cover to prevent scratching and damage. This phone has everything and then some. This is a great buy, I recommend it.

I just got the phone and I love it but it has alot of problems like if you type more then 11 letters on the keyboard it shuts off if it has any impact with anything it shuts off . Thats what I hate it shuts off all the time there is something wrong with the battery or something. I love the phone but that is a real problem

The piece i have received from the OEM store did not have proper packaging and looked like i was being sols a used piece. The important accessories like USB cable, SD card, driver CD were not provided with the pack.Coming to the phone- I can see green dots on supposed to be black background screen. The phone is very slow and takes so much time even to save a contact. The facebook, gmail apps or email clients won't let you define more than one mail ID from a particular domain. The camera though 5 mp gives an impression of a VGA camera. Sometimes i even can't receive call as the on screen touch control button for that hangs. The way you can store contacts is very bad.On an overall at $ 190 it is value for money piece, but when it comes to quality does not look like someone like Motorola has manufactured it. At first i thought it was inexpensive phone, but now i can say it is a cheap phone!!!

I bought this for my son not even a month the phone start having problem with the home key and sometime the phone start have screen glitch..

HI I live in Trinidad, I bought this Motorola Backflip MB300 Android  GSM unlocked smart phone in December of 2010 and its now January 26th 2011, it got great features, the cam and WI-FI is wonderful I really like this phone but the problem with it i only get a max of 30 hour battery life then i got to charge it again my previous phone a Chinese made lake Tahoe ace mobile gave me about 3 days battery life lol and i paid quarter the price for the Chinese ACE than what i paid for d Motorola, compare 3 days to 30 hours and u see a big difference some times my call would not go through it delays or sometimes cuts off after a short conversation then i got to recall again I don't think its my service provider because my Chinese ace did not begin to give this problem until it began to get old lol, all in all its a nice phone but the battery life sucks and lag in or lost calls sometimes can be a frustrating problem.

I beg anyone that is considering this phone to please STAY AWAY!  It is so horrible.  I'll start with the worst issues first.  Sometimes takes 20 seconds after sliding to unlock to actually be able to use the device.  Sometimes takes 30 or more seconds to END a call.  Texting may take 20 or more seconds to register that you've typed anything.  SLOW SLOW SLOW.  Very limited to how many apps you can install as it only has 125 MB of storage, and apps can't be saved to an SD card.  Camera takes forever to actually take a picture once you push the button.  No multi-touch so that pretty much keeps you from using more than half of the available apps.  Want to play Angry Birds? Don't look to this phone.  It's 500 MHZ processor and 125 MB of RAM can't handle the graphics even when set to as low as possible.  There are better alternatives out there.  If you're looking to buy an out of contract Android phone for AT&T;, look at one of there Pay-As-You-Go phones.  Most of them are cheap, and you can just pop in your SIM card and use it as any other contract phone.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE!!!!! It has been the bane of my existence for 21 months!Sincerely, please heed my warning!

grat phone.  build is attractive.  motoblur feature is a minus though; should be up to the phone's owner dont'cha think?

Touch sensitivity is not great. It is ok and one bad thing about it is keypad and screen both are facing outside when you close the flip. this is a very bad design. Good thing about it is economic android phone. Camera quality is ok.

When you hold this phone you know it's built like a tank. As a home improvement contractor that is an important quality. The phone worked great for about 6 months. Then it started occasionally rebooting by itself. Sometimes it would go into an endless loop and the only way to stop it was to remove the battery for an extended period of time. If I tried to run the GPS program it would initiate the reboots about 80% of the time. Once in awhile it would work okay. I have seen in discussions on the web that most Motorola phones suffer the same way. If Moto can remedy this problem they would have a 5 star phone.

So I first try to open google and it was like "sorry try again". Then I want to call and the phone froze! The keyboard gets really stuck!! don't buy it, it was a waste of my money. And there are no refunds

I have to give this phone some props. I've had it for a little over 2 1/2 years, which is good for a phone. What makes this phone great to me is that through that 2 1/2 years it has been dropped in a rain puddle, had the screen rained on, dropped on the road several times, been sat on every day (it lives in my back pocket), thrown across a kitchen and hit the floor, thrown at a wall once, hit several different types of flooring from different distances. All of the throwing and dropping was accidental. It's even been stepped on. This phone has no cracks or flaws in the screen. All of the buttons work. There's some scratches on the phone's body that are purely cosmetic only. Not to mention, there's powder that was used at an old job buried all through out the phone. The speakers and the phone itself works perfectly, with the exception of sometimes the screen freezes (to fix, just push the power button to lock then push it again and unlock) and it can be quite slow. The slowness didn't actually come until after I updated it. It's probably just got a really full memory. Overall, I love my phone. I wouldn't trade it. I've always been pleased with Motorola. No, it's not the quality of Nokia (you know, those dinosaur phones that lasted for forever), but it's pretty close with the latest and greatest. While my friends have gone through iPhones, my phone has stayed tried and true. I don't have to get a new phone for the good features. I will also say that the camera is fantastic. I don't even use my digital camera anymore because of it. Why carry it around when this takes better pictures. Video works good. Android has my loyalty.

This phone was alright as I expected thats why it got a 4  star rating. The only problem is that I hated that I had to sign up with motoblur.

I guess I should have listened to the other reviews before I purchased this.The Motorola Backflip is less than I had hoped for. One, it wouldn't let me do anything hardly until I got a MicroSD for it. I can't download apps from the market directly, I have to download them from the android website on my PC and it sends it to the phone, and it still sometimes doesn't work. The keyboard is a little awkward to type on, but I guess I'll get used to that eventually. The UI is nice, but slow and draggy at times. A Task Manager/App Killer App is a MUST for this phone, if you want it to run decently! I'm just using this phone for a few months until I can afford an unlocked iPhone 4S ($700. Fun.), but I think it will suffice. It actually came with Android 2.1 rather than the 1.5 that I was expecting to come with it. The camera is very nice though, and the flash is almost blinding (But I guess that's a good thing? Aha.)If you're looking for a long-term phone to be satisfied with, you might want to put a bit more cash in it.

This is the slowest most unreliable phone I've ever owned. It takes forever to do simple tasks like call, text, or look up your contacts. The phone routinely freezes and the touch screen is generally unresponsive during phone calls, except for when you accidentally hang up the calls with your cheek (which happens constantly due to the phone design).There is a reason why this is phone is so cheap for an Android, it's severely underpowered and underwhelming. I'm switching back to my Wal-Mart pay as you go phone as soon as possible so that I can actually make calls and send texts.

Got a referb phone back in November,but was having problems almost right off the bat .. Because it was still under warranty I was able to send phone back at no cost and received a new on. First the negative1. contacts and emails took forever to appear.2. was not receiving text or messages containing pictures until hours or days later.3. had problems with gaining accesses to wireless net worksOkay positives1.love the size of the keys .. makes it very easy to text, and the keyboard lights up2. light weight3. People online worked great with me to help solve problems that I listed above.It takes a while, but well worth it to get emails, text and contacts to appear MUCH quicker ..Hold down the power and camera keys ( on the side ) simultaneously then let go and a triangle with an exclamation point will appear .. about 15 min later ( I said it would take some time ) a message will appear and when you continue more time will pass but in the end everything works according to plan ..  Still plan on upgrading in March when I qualify but so far so good on this phone ..

Hi, I'm havin reboot issues with my brand new motorola backflip. I got it yesterday, loaded it and added the SIM card. After that it started to reboot by itself several times. What I can I do in order fot this item to work?

I agree with the person who said they love to hate this phone. This is the best phone I have ever had...when it works. I am on my third one and I have given up. It randomly powers off and sometimes freezes up and/or crashes. For the month or two it works it is a wonderful phone. I am in the process of getting a Motorola FlipSide and hoping that this will be a working phone. The weird thing is that my brother purchased a backflip a few months before me and has never had a problem.So, I suppose you take you chances.

this phone said they were selling new phone but it looks like its used.this phone said they were selling new phone but it looks like its used.

The Phone it self is pretty cool with the attached key board. I like the key board and what not.

Im disappointed I have to buy more internet in order to download apps. I should of gotten a 4G. Otherwise it works great.

this phone is amazing, it feels like it will last and the design is great.

They sent the item before the expected shipping date. The item was excellently locked, and in excellent condition. I love the phone.However, I ordered a black motorola backflip but they gave me a silver one. So that was the only bad comment that I'll point out,well it does not matter as long as the item works well.Thank you!

I bought this phone for the keyboard/touchscreen combo and as an alternative to the iPhone.  I also wanted an android phone.  I like the screen and the overall size of the phone is more compact than the iPhone.  Beyond that I cannot tell you how much I dislike this phone.  I tried to like it, I really did.  I thought it was just that I needed to get used to it.  I've owned this phone for nearly a year and am ready to throw it away.The forced closures that happen randomly and a lot are annoying.  The incredibly slow response time when you try to open ANYTHING sends me over the edge!!  I feel like I'm using the first cell phone EVER, may as well drive to who I'm trying to contact to get a faster response time.I have taken almost all apps off the phone to attempt to get it to run smoother and faster with no luck.  The browser is so slow that I never use it.  So essentially I use this phone to answer calls (hate to call out because dialing and looking up contacts takes too long) and to text.  I use my blackberry (work phone) for pretty much everything else and would use it exclusively if I could text on it.  So I'm paying $100/month for the ability to text and to answer some incoming calls.

Don't pay for this phone!  I got a Backflip through work, and I although find it more fun than the otherwise offered Blackberry Curve, the Curve is much better at being an actual PHONE. I do love the recently upgraded Andriod OS, with the free Google Maps GPS Navigator and rather accurate Voice Search, but the Backflip's CPU is just too slow to handle even simple maneuvers.  Tap... wait, tap... wait, woops, wrong app, back, back, wait...  Also, the battery life is horrid.  Find another Android phone.

I inherited this phone as the third user.It was in very good condition.Rating: 4.5/10Battery: Average (lasts a day of regular usage without Wi-Fi or data, barely gets through using Wi-Fi and data)Screen: Nice, fairly bright.Touch Sensitivity: decent for an early smartphone however the phone will get a mind of its own every now and then and will sporadically press different keys, especially when texting.OverallI've had the phone now for a couple of months; since February. It has been a decent phone. Its done everything it was meant to, however it is quite slow. From what I've read it has a 528 MHz Qualcomm Processor. Which really isn't bad at all. However the phone is very bloated with the Motorola Blur on top of the Android software. Don't get me wrong the features are nice, but if the phone can run it at a decent speed then they just aren't worth it. Even the Motorola Atrix which has a dual core 1 ghz processor lags a little time to time.SoftwareThe phone was initially released with Android 1.5 Cupcake. Motorola Released an Update to Android 2.1 late Q3 2010. The phone has decent software but I have found that some apps aren't compatible with the version of Android I have. Such as Google Music. I never had the phone when it had 1.5 on the device; so I can't really comment on the speed of the device before or after the OS update. I would wager that the new software is heavier than 1.5 but really hasn't slowed the phone down. My personal belief is that the Motorola Blur software that overlays the Android is what ultimately makes the phone very slow.ProcessorThe processor isn't terrible. 528 mhz. However the software is simply too heavy. The phone lags like nothing else I've used in the past. My old Motorola Sliver was more responsive. For instance the entire phone will freeze just as it is receiving a text message. I thought when I receive the phone that it would be fun to use and try out the apps, however I was quite disappointed with the performance. I tried everything I could find to speed up the phone to no avail. Eventually I just deleted the majority of the apps of my phone and use it for calls and texts. Rarely I'll use twitter or the browser when I'm near wifi but not much else.Battery LifeThe phone lasts as long as any phone I've used. About a day of decent use and then you have to charge the phone overnight if you want to have a phone the next day. If I don't use Wi-Fi or blue tooth and make only a few calls I have been able to make it two days, but this is a rare occurrence.CameraThe camera is pretty nice. Its 5 mp and takes decent pictures and video. The pictures are much better than the video. I don't know what the quality of the videos are but it isn't very good. Seems VGA quality to me, especially in the sound department.Speaker/MusicThe speaker on the device is actually one of the best I've had on a phone. The quality is quite clear and crisp. Of course the bass on it is atrocious; even so it is much louder than any phone I've used previously. As for the music player it gets the job done. It's nothing special and like everything else on the phone is quite slow.All in all the phone is barely good enough to get the job done. Aside from that its really not worth the price. There are a ton more android phones that are eons beyond it and are cheaper. I hope Motorola figures this out soon and alters their Moto-blur to not be such a processor hog.One final thought in comparison. The iPhone 3g which runs decently well and really doesn't lag too badly has a 412 MHz arm processor. The Next up 3gs has a 600 MHz processor. Its sad to see the Motorola Backflip have a processor that falls in the middle of these two devices and it can't even keep up with the 3g iPhone. Just shows that apple really knows how to make software work with the hard ware.

i am very knowledgeable about technology and scientific gadgets; as such, i feel justified in providing a very reliable account of this phone: the processor is simply too slow for everything this phone is equipped to do. it has many plusses, including the price; but the frustration involved in time delays, lock-outs, freezes, random calls, etc make it a bad choice if you use your cell phone as your primary phone. for an occasional user; this may be an acceptable fit, especially if you are very patient. It is very durable however; i dropped and punched mine 100s of times to give me an excuse to buy a different phone, and it never once broke. if someone hadnt given me a new phone, i would still be on this ultra-slow phone.

AT&T sent me this phone to replace a Samsung Blackjack which never worked.  The Motorola backflip is the worst phone I have ever had. The computer part works fairly well, although it's very slow.  The camera works well. The phone is horrible.  Even with keyguard on, my phone will call people on its own.  People call me and my phone does not ring and I get no "missed calls" in my call log.  People send me texts and they show up as received on my AT&T bill but they never make it to my phone.  If you are on a call where you are told to press "1" or "2" or whatever, you have to open the phone, wait for the light to come on, press the alt key and the number, then close it back up to listen again.  It's a horrible design.  The keyboard is awful - you can't use fingernails.  When you use your fingertip, it presses more than one key because they are so small (and I have small fingers).  If you use the alt key to get symbols, it gets stuck on all the time.  I can't even text more than a word or two without getting so frustrated I quit, and I used to send thousands of long texts.  If you want a computer and don't care about using the keyboard or the phone, you may like the backflip.  If you want a phone or you want to text or send emails, or if you actually want to receive calls and texts from people, forget it.  You will hate it.

Do NOT purchase this phone it cuts off with every action you attempt to make its was a waste of money as well as a disappointment to my daugther as a birthday gift! TRUELY IT SHOULD BE RECALLED!

Let's face it, this just isn't a good phone.  The flip-over design is cool, but the keyboard part is a little too thick, so you end up with a big lump in your pocket; the iPhone form factor, which covers more area but is thinner, is actually more convenient.  The keyboard works well for texting, and I have no complaints about call quality and reception.  Your experience may differ, but I found the second touch pad on the back of the screen to be more a bug than a feature--I was constantly hitting it inadvertently, so I ended up just disabling it. The phone seems to have a real talent for getting unlocked and doing things in my pocket; it's not that unusual to fish it out and find new icons on my desktop that have somehow gotten there through inadvertent presses, and I even pocket-dialed once.One big problem with the phone is that it's slow.  It takes forever to boot up (and there seems to be no way to disable the aggravating whooshing sound it makes when the Motoblur splash screen hits in the middle of the boot process), and once it's running, it's sluggish in most normal operations.  Some small but persistently annoying glitches show the disadvantages of a system like Android, which has to be adapted to a wide range of phone platforms.  You can make a call with the phone folded up, but let's say you're calling your voicemail with the phone folded: you call voicemail and listen to a message, but the number pad goes away when you connect, so when you need to press "7" to erase a message, you can't--you have to hurriedly unfold the phone and use the keyboard, then to hear your next message you have to hold the phone back up to your face, etc.  It's endlessly aggravating.  The sluggishness of the phone in web surfing may more be the fault of the AT&T; network, but at least on AT&T; the web is so slow you're not going to want to try anything ambitious--you'd grow a beard before you actually finished buying concert tickets, or whatever cool stuff they're doing in the ads.Don't let anyone sell you you need a screen protector for this phone.  The screen is made of Gorilla Glass; you can carry it around with change, keys, and metal shavings in your pocket and the screen will remain unscathed.  But mostly, don't buy the phone--there are better alternatives out there.

So, I really want one of theses phones! I read all the reviews and even after almost everyone hates it, i still want one! I guess I learn the hard way with things! The problem is, I don't have that much money to spend on a phone! ERRR! lol! But, i want one soooooo bad!

This is worst unlocked phone I ever had. The first month everything was fine but after that the phone start rebooting when typing a new message, replying to a text, or simply reviewing an app in the App Store, the phone reboots randomly. I have removed any apps I thought could be the problem, but so far, no luck.  I tried the factory reset and nothing.I was told it was an issue with the battery beind loose buy a tech checked the phone and the battery is very secure also there was no physical or liquid damage to the phone and I have never dropped the phone. Also at the end I have found that even if the screen is LOCKED and I open the keyboard and press any button, the phone will power off. This is the worst phone I ever had do not buy it it is a waste of money.

This android phone is extremely slow, it turns off all the time and restarts. I found myself using an old phone for an alarm because I was afraid that it was going to turn off during the night so I would be later for work. Which it did multiple times so I am glad i had a back up alarm. I would not recommend this phone to anyone!

This phone is like no other I have had before, the backflip feature is very cool and you will not see another person walking around with this phone. I have had mine for over a year now and still working perfectly. Can do basically everything a smart phone can. Would definitely recommend this phone to anybody looking for a top notch phone at a reasonable cost

This phone is amazing, it really does it all, nice camera, flash, gps, radio, touchscreen, web browsing, querty keyboard, mouse pad, etc. You can have everything a smartphone has today with the lowest price on the market, it cost me 190 dollars and I was able to bring it to Mexico and use it with the local suppliers.

I went looking on the internet for a hone that was a droid with both the touchscreen and the QWERTY keyboard. This backflip phone is exactly what I was looking for and has been providing me with excellent service for the past couple of weeks that I have been using it. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking.

This is the absolute worst phone I have ever had in my life. It over heats contently and has terrible battery life. I have zero apps installed in on my phone. And yet it shuts off while I'm in the middle of texting or browsing the internet. The internet also sucks because half the time the pictures never load and it doesn't work. I strongly recommend you NOT buy this phone!

I like this celphone, is is not that expensive. But its features work great. Good feaures and good camera pixel. Iike it generally!

Every negative thing written about the Backflip was true, when it was running Motoblur software on top of a crippled and outdated Android 1.5 OS.  It took a lot of concentration and digging on my part, but with the help of several web forums and tutorials, I eventually figured out the proper steps to get it upgraded to a modded, unbranded version of Gingerbread, (2.3.7 cooked with Cyanogen 7) and now it's a totally different phone! With Motoblur and all AT&T's other crapware removed, the drain on the Backflip's tiny processor has diminished to a reasonable level, and consequently, it no longer crawls at a snail's pace when asked to do anything. I was able to sideload unapproved apps, change a few settings and enable tethering, and now the phone is so much better in terms of being stable and responsive, that I even managed to turn it into a wireless hotspot with the help of Barnacle! WiFi calling is working natively and in 3rd-party apps (even internationally), I replaced the old music player with DoubleTwist and the stock browser with flash-capable Dolphin HD, and suddenly, for a fraction of the price, the modest little Backflip can do almost everything my HTC Sensation 4G does. Yes, it was a bit challenging to change the operating system, and took some time initially, but I couldn't be happier with the results. If you have this phone and hate it, try rooting and flashing it (nothing to lose but time, right?) and I bet you'll be pleasantly surprised. Oh, and regarding the power issues, (rebooting, etc.) I ordered a new battery for mine and stuck a fabric band-aid on it, so it would fit more snugly under the cover, with a bit of constant downward pressure. I then replaced the cover, making sure all the little metal points inside were making contact, and so far it seems to be working.

not much good to say about this phone, except that it runs android. its terribly slow and sometimes will take 30 seconds just to bring up a text message or phone number. do not buy this piece of junk!

I have been an Amzon Customer for several years.  This particular purchase is my biggest disappointment ever. I would have sent it back - but I bought this GSM Phone for use in INDIA.  I did not expect to get a product in 2012 with Android Version 1.1 - the product did not receive any updates even after I left it on for two days.  I cannot return the product because I will be abroad for another 2 months, but I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.

i had this phone while i was on at&t; and within 2 weeks i run away screaming.it was unstable and would reboot pretty much anytime, even during a call.i had my unit replaced and same story with the new one.the cpu was very slow, and the android os was 1.5 which is ancient.the only 2 positive things about it is that the camera can face you or away from you so you can take a picture of yourself, and the keyboard is large and comfortable.i switched to the motorola droid which, minus the 2 points mentioned above is leaps and bounds better.

I love to hate this phone. I bought this phone because I need to replace my aging Windows Mobile which I bought it for 3.5 years. Which can do almost everything for me no doubt.I got this Backflip from ATT. it was good for maybe 2 months. Then I found it is crashy, slow response, It drove me up to the wall. and I waiting for the 2.1 Update 1 to release wish that will make it better. But No! it is slow to the Z!!! It still crashes when I am on the phone. Application behave straight. I can't even play my movies anymore after upgrade. Overall experience is horrible and ATT is not giving a devil about it. And I see the phone still on the market. Seriously?! Take it off the shelf and recycle them.Upgraded this POS to Samsung Galaxy S. Wow!!! I love this phone, nice screen, fast response and all the android apps u can run. I am a Android developer and I need a good phone and Samsung did an excellent job!!!

Do not buy this phone, trust me its not worth it not even if it was on sale it sucks, the wifi doesn't work all the time, its slow, it keeps shuting down even on calls, your calls hang up everytime even when you click on the home screen, it changes wallpaper on its own, it calls random people like your boss when your out and about. Do not get this phone just save your self the horror and madness and buy something worth it...

This is only my second phone (had Moto Razr before on Sprint). I've now had this phone slightly over a year, and it feels like it has been slowly degrading. Worked out great when I first got it, but now it has trouble finding the 3G signal or the AT&T; network (live in big city with great cell reception and 3G service), even though my sister's iPhone has no problems in the same house. Phone also has problems freezing and will routinely have problems answering or making calls.Processor is only 528 MHz.Phone has a tendency to overheat, due to this weird reverse clamshell design.Battery tends to only last less than one day.Upgraded from Android 1.5 Cupcake (factory standard) to Motorola's released upgrade Android 2.1 Eclair, but doesn't see mot help much.Reason for 3 star review and not lower: Phone still works often enough, so it isn't just a paperweight, and I love the Motoblur features of the phone.

NO GOOD
