
Because the screen all of a sudden stopped working and it wouldn't let me access anything that is on my phone.

This phone didn't last no time no more than 3 weeks. I had to Power it on and off for it to work. The touch screen wasn't working properly. I had to use the house button and back button on the inside. Eventually the touch screen went out completely. I was unable to use the phone (period) I had text messages I couldn't check and calls I couldn't answer. This phone suck, I wouldn't recommend it to no one. Now that I think about it I had one of these phones once before and kept having problems out of it. I feel the Seller knew this phone was defective when they put it online.

What a piece of junk. Don't buy. I had to return this phone that had only been used a few days before it stopped powering on.

This device got to me packaged well and slightly faster than they said I would get it.  All good things.Further, the device looked new when I got it.  But it only worked properly for about 3 months and then started quickly developing problems.Now, with electronics this stuff happens.  But when it's a second device IN A ROW where this happens I no longer consider it unlucky coincidence.  I have no idea what these guys are doing that causes their devices to go to crap after about 90 days.

it is a nice phone overall. its also my first android so there is a learning curve.there are two problems that may be related.1. battery does not hold charge for 24 hours!2. if you leave it plug in, it will turn off.Im almost sure that the seller knew about it, but since i didn't use it immediately, i cannot return it now.buyer be ware

I had this phone in red but gave it to my son-in-law when his phone broke and I upgraded to a 4g phone. Loved the apps that were on the phone, Didnt have to download anything. Only problem with the phone is its tendency to make butt phone calls, same problem with my old phone but to me it was a minor nuisance. Got this for my husband for its ease of use and he seldom uses the internet, maybe occasionally for his email so there was no need for a 4G phone

Pros: Decent microphone, okay camera, doesn't drop calls alot, and very durableCons: SHORT battery life and slower processorAll in all, it gets the job done. It's worth it.Would recommend to anyone with a T-Mobile plan who doesn't want to sign for a 2-year contract.

I got the phone for my friend in NJ. During the first time it was working but it didn't even last a year, and now the phone doesn't work at all. Think i won't recommend anyone to purchase it again

do not but does not even work. screen is frozen and does not change. waste of a hundred dollars. do not buy.

The only good thing about this phone is that it helped me learn android OS. I bought it in August and really liked it, used it quite a bit actually. By Mid November, it was dead. The processor flaked out over the course of a day until it would no longer start up, display a screen, nothing - just light up the slider face buttons. I learned this lesson the hard way - cheap smart phones are a waste of money.

This was first bought for my son, then given to my daughter. They both loved it. Keypad is for little fingers.

I got the phone, it was slow, and the swype didnt work well at all. the phone had problems going online, and downloading apps. the battery lasted less than six hours so i wouldnt get it if you needed your phone all day...within less than a week of having it the whole top slider just came off. Terrible quality product, not worth the money at all. Now i'm out a phone until the different one i ordered ships. DO NOT GET THIS

Phone listed as new but upon trying to get it activated it's a &#34;LOST&#34; phone which clearly indicates a previously owned phone which the seller admits. A totally unusable item!

the battery dies way to fastthe phone just goes off you have to take the battery out just to make it come back on

This phone was amazing, the key word there is WAS. After owning it for about a year the digitizer burnt out along with the cable that connected the front and back so the QWERTY keyboard wasn't working. I got it all fixed then shortly after the Android software started bugging out where the phone was completely unusable. Paid about 450 for the phone, 100 in repairs. The T-Mobile service is a whole other review. Honestly these very expensive phones are great but break very easy and then brings you to tears to get a new one. Its funny how it became USELESS after having the phone 13 months after the 1 year warranty. Weird, isn't it? Tomorrow I am getting a blackberry from Boost Mobile and if it breaks I am only out 160, it still is money but not a half of a grand... I mean it was my high school graduation gift but my mom is more upset than me because she paid for it. Very disappointed HTC, you charge so much but yet make your phones so cheap. This will probably be the best phone I ever will have but it really didn't last. Oh, I forgot to mention I treated it like my baby. Never dropped it, never took it in bathroom when showering (steam), NOTHING! So it definitely wasn't my fault. Not a scratch on it, its just a very expensive paperweight now. Thanks HTC, and T-Mobile. NEVER USE EITHER AGAIN IF I HAD A GUN TO MY HEAD.

I received my phone on time and it is a great phone.I noticed that the phone is a little heavy, but this is my first Android, so it could be the features.My one problem with the phone is Static when using either on of my 3 Bluetooth devices.  I have gone though all the debugging I could find at HTC and T-Mobile with No Luck.I need to contact the supplier to see if they have any suggestions.

this was not the product that i received. i ended up with a white phone that looks nothing like what i ordered. not happy at all. no communication on if the product i ordered was out of stock etc. not good business

This phone is easy to use has a lot of applications , great camera , very nice keyboard for texting or browse the internet , touchscreen never brakes even though i dropped this phone many times.

I might as well of burned the money cause the phone won't do anything after a week, I had to go back to the phone I hate in order to make any calls or texts .. I would like a new one ?JS

I was in need of a smart phone that worked in my area. This T- Mobile phone fit the bill.  This phone  was so easy to use, I wish I had bought one sooner.

I received this phone in Sept. 2013, returned it Dec. 2013 because it just stopping working. The screen kept going black and would not come on. I had double pictures of one person on the screen just too many problems to deal with. Sorry, would not recommend.

Please do not waste your money....had it for seven months and it decided to give a black screen. Trust me.

I spent a lot of money on the phone and it ended up not working, I didnt like the phone

This is the first Android phone I've owned.  The ability to customize this phone is pretty good.  Picture quality is not bad, although I wish the flash was more powerful.  This is just picking at little annoyances, though.  The overall package of this phone is good and quite complete.  I'm not a big fan of 'swipe' technology (where you use one continuous finger motion to type words).  I prefer to use the sliding keyboard to type where I need to.This is a decent first smart phone or first Android phone to experience.  HTC did a good job with the screen sensitivity and ability to personalize this phone.  The battery life is directly proportional to how many applications you have open AND whether you have the wireless/GPS/mobile always on.  Overall a good phone for the price, with a decent feature set.

Touch-screen stopped working after a week of use. Fortunately they accepted it back for a full refund. Didn't come in the original packaging which makes me think it was refurbished.

I have been using an iPhone for 2 years and when I got this phone, It changed how I thought about mobile computing.Android is not a toy product. It's massively customizable and you may need to have a little geek in you to like it. The keyboard is nice but will take some getting used to. Even though I have never had a slider phone before, it seems a bit wooboly.Overall, I your not looking for the next superphone and just use it for basic apps, this phone should be perfect for you.

phone died. screen went bad.  cost more to fix than get a new one.  guy at the store said these aren't made by HTC.  stay away.  died after only a few months.

For the first two months or so that I had my HTC myTouch 3G Slide, I thought it was the greatest phone I ever had.  I drove big rigs for a living at the time, and nothing is more important to a trucker's cell phone than the actual phone.  Recent legislation prohibiting truckers from using their hands to operate cell phones while operating commercial vehicles makes Bluetooth functionality, especially voice dialing, very important.  For my purposes, the phone could also double as a modem when tethered to my laptop, allowing me to keep current with weather, road, and traffic conditions, as well as to instantly submit my paperwork upon delivery, and to receive any needed permits that may have expired.Voice calls using my Bluetooth headset were exceptionally clear, and the two devices maintained connection up to 60 feet, nearly twice the usual 35 foot range.  The device could also be tethered via WiFi, eliminating unnecessary USB cables between the already crowded cab and sleeper.  I opted, however, to use the provided USB cable, due to the unusually short battery life (90 minutes talk, 8 hours standby).  Thanks to the Android OS, I was able to prioritize WiFi connections to disconnect from T-Mobile and connect via WiFi to access points in our terminals and at truck stops, so I didn't exceed the limits on my allegedly unlimited data plan.  The physical qwerty keyboard allowed me to type much more quickly than I could with the virtual touch screen keyboard, and had a nice feel to it.The first problem I encountered with the phone was that the supplied 2GB class 4 MicroSD card was unusable, and could not be made usable by any means.  I replaced it with an 8GB class 4 that worked just fine.  I also discovered that most of the internal memory was taken up by "bloatware," apps I neither wanted nor could I remove them.  This sharply limited the apps that I could install to just a few very small ones, or one normal size app.  The Android OS that originally came with the phone device did not allow for installing or moving apps or most data to the user's MicroSD card.  As I tend to use a cell phone for, well, a phone, this wasn't initially a big problem for me.In early 2011, after just a couple of months of having the phone, T-Mobile forced an over-the-air (OTA) upgrade to the Android OS.  The upgrade was done without any notification of any kind, nor with end-user permission.  Because most who had this phone did not know what had happened, we individually thought we had somehow damaged the phone on our own.  It turns out the OTA upgrade damaged the telephone transceiver.  Both T-Mobile and HTC have refused to acknowledge the problem and replace the devices.  The damage to the transceiver was caused by the forced OTA from Android 2.1 to Android 2.2.  Again, both HTC and T-Mobile are very aware of the damage they did to everyone's phones, they just refuse to acknowledge it because they don't want to have to replace the phones they damaged, nor let those they harmed out of their two year contracts.An attempt was made earlier this year to install an alternative to the Android OS called CyanogenMod.  The alternative OS is growing in popularity due to the lack of bloatware, though it is very easy to turn your cell phone into a paperweight if you don't know what you are doing (installation and tweaks).  It was with this OS that I was able to determine that the phone transceiver had been damaged, and that there was no way to fix the problem short of replacing the transceiver, which is costlier than replacing the phone.The phone will work occasionally with CyanogenMod, but it locks up just as many times as it previously rebooted.  Fortunately, the CyanogenMod OS allows for easier and faster rebooting, but the phone should not be relied upon for important or emergency communications.  The Bluetooth, WiFi, and GPS radios were not damaged by T-Mobile's damage, so the phone is a bit useful as a very small tablet device.  Beyond that it's useless.

The screen was lifted a little from the phone and had some dust under it. Other than that the phone worked good.

I bought this phone used for 175.00, rather than paying the full retail price of around 400 for it in the store, and i'm so happy with it! i love the convenience of the swipe texting, which you can do upright or sideways, and also the option of using a qwerty keyboard! Its very easy to use, and definitely has more to do on it than my blackberry bold 9700. i love this phone! i definitely recommend it!

I've been using this phone for many months and I haven't had a single problem with it. I love the full keyboard!

Iwouldnt recomend, pieces of the phone started to fall off as sooon as I opened it. Phone came in horrible condition

First few months it was great, if you want a good phone with a keyboard that works for a short time then this will be perfect. But after it breaks the first time, t-mobile is just going to continue to send you refurbished models, which means they too will also have problems. I am on my 8th one as I type this, the first one the power button stopped working and had to be pressed with a paper clip like another reviewer here mentioned. Another time Sense(The UI) Kept crashing/restarting constantly, a few times the buttons on the bottom stopped working completely(The home, back, and menu buttons), another time it wouldn't even power on for no reason(I.e. full battery and power button seemed to work), another time the touch screen would do things on it's own accord, i.e. typing and doing things on its own(Not a virus but just a sensor problem), recently the touch screen went out, and on the latest one, it came with the GPS taking 20minutes to load and no one can hear me when making phone calls. I keep good care of my electronics and know none of these were user errors, I'm honestly shocked at the variety of problems I have had with this phone. Usually problems tend to be recurring, but as you can see I haven't had the same problem once.Also to make it worst none of the cases stay on this model for more than a month without either breaking or just falling off. But something internally will go wrong before you drop it and break it anyways.Seriously though, I know this phone has quite a few good reviews, and maybe a lot of them were from when the phone was new, I didn't bother checking, but save yourself the trouble and get a more reliable phone. This one just isn't worth all of the hassle and $5 shipping charges to keep getting new ones, on top of the $199 price it was when I first got it.

What I like about phone:  real keyboardWhat I don't like:  it doesn't work, warranty service not availableAny &#34;new&#34; My Touch 3G Slide phone purchased from Amazon seller is not covered under warranty.  Product has been out of production for over two years.

Its not the fastest, but for the money its great. I bought this to replace my G1, and its miles faster. Running on 3G, it has speed and functionality to boot. With a near flawless responsive touch screen, it is able to process request fairly fast. It has a full slide out key board which can be stiff to retract at times, but still works great. Also is swipe compatible for those who choose to use it.For the right price, this is a great smart phone running on the Android system.

I got this phone as a gift and it doesn't compare to the HTC 4g My Touch.This phone shuts down every 1 hr. (No phone setting to do so), The error messages areoverwhelming.  I can't download anything without getting this error message " This application has not been verified or the certification for this app has not been verified oris not secured.Can't access the internet without getting some type of error message.  I'm overwhelmed with this phone and its starting to really aggreviate me.

It was great at first. for about 1 week. then they keyboard stopped working. then, the screen froze. couldn't return it- no one would talk to me about it, which sucked- it was a christmas present, so i felt like a dummy.  then, we put it away for a couple months, just got it out the other day and the screen is working again, so we're using it instead of the older even crappier phone. keyboard still doesn't work. but the camera is great. videos, all that. otherwise boo.

Had the phone 2 days past the 30day return and it no longer lites up and the screen no longer works.

I bought this item to replace my old Mytouch 3G Slide. What I thought was a new 3G slide turned out to be a refurbished phone that drains battery life in like 10 mins if youre using the web or talk time. NOt only that but it take about a full hour to charge about 3% of your battery; Not to mention that the battery never charges above 75%... I took this phone to a phone repair shop and they said that the problem was the motherboard... I am really upset as I bought this phone close to $200... I couldve just bought a new 4G phone....VERY DISSAPOINTED

Phone is just outdated at this time. Loved the phone but not useful for technology available now. I would purchase a toy for child play to keep them entertained because of Wi-Fi.

Coming from a T-Mobile G1, which I wouldn't have given up had it not been lost overseas, I purchased the MyTouch 3g Slide for 3 reasons...1. It had a decent physical keyboard (unlike the Verizon Droids, where the physical keys all blend together under your thumbs.)2. It was another Android phone3. It kept me on T-mobile.After having owned it for just about a year, the phone started falling apart....... The power/sleep button on top only occasionally works. In order to boot up the phone, I had to remove the rubbery button and depress the contact with a pointy object in order to get it to power on.... Some sort of loose connection inside means that the phone turns off completely (needs booted up) if the slider is closed too quickly or the phone is bumped.... I only use about 3 downloaded apps, and the phone still dogs when using it (despite the frequent reboots it endures)Coming from a solid G1, this phone is a huge disappointment.  While it does allow a more recent version of Android, most of the features are just polishing this deuce of a phone.  However, if it's your first smartphone experience, or you buy a new phone every year, this phone may last you long enough to be useful.

Man this smartphone -- Lots of Convience Lots of StressThe Good: Awesome layout (Operating System), Great color, Sturdy (16 months only small scratches), Slide is great, Easy to Use.The Bad: WORST PHONE EVER -- All the other apps and functions work pretty well -- BUT THE PHONE IS VERY UNRELIABLE. The battery Died after a year. Before that lasts about 5 hours before powers off. Calls drop, phone shuts off, Touch screen often doesn't respond. T-mobile is also a slimy company to do biz with, they screw you in these subtle ways whenever you get in to contract with them.This is one of these devices that is not quite at a fully functional tech level yet -- almost like the first laptops maybe. Save yourself the trouble, wait or spend huge for something with awesome ratings. This thing is not that good.

I bought this phone used, so far has been a great phone. It is my first smartphone i came from using a older tmobile tm506 flip phone & wow at the difference.This phone is like a mini computer at your fingertips, I can check/write emails, check/sell/buy on EBAY (requires app), check/write/reply/request friends on Facebook, check my bank account balance (app) live current weather maps and future forecasts, upload/watch vids on Youtube, and anything else i would normally do on a pc, you just have to download an app  from the android marketplace.I was a little worried about some of the stories ive heard going around the internet about, it breaking down, but at the used price point this phone is going for its still a gamble but just not a large gamble.... I figure if i get a years worth of use out of it, ive got my money's worth.it has great features too, like Wifi, GPS, 5mp camera w/flash, a nice sensitive touchscreen, slide out keyboard, just to name a few.The camera has its good points and bad, the good is it takes excellent upclose pics, but not so good distance pics, when taking pics from a distance it comes out looking kindof like when you look through a telescope backward where the image seems far off. And the auto focus is a little off on mid range pics.The battery is really the only major drawback for me i can live with the slight camera issues as i mainly take up close pics anyways, the stock battery last between 6-8 hours of medium usage, i upgraded to the biggest battery i could find and it came with an extended back door, now my phone last about 30-35 hrs with wifi, bluetooth, gps, 3g all turned off, but i do turn 3g back on when i need to use the internet, but turn it back off when im done, this also prevents apps from auto updating and running your MB usage thru the roof.I will update this review when if i have any issues with the phone, but as of right now im still running the stock 2.1 android OS and i plan to upgrade to 2.2 or maybe even a custom  rom, so i will update this when/if i do

i Purchased this as a birthday gift for my 17 year old sister in June. She dropped it once and now it does not work. the screen is black and shows nothing. There are no scratches or dents. Nothing is broken. I am not sure why the phone just stopped. She had it for only a month before it stopped working. I have not been able to contact the seller. There are no emails or phone numbers where they can be reached. It was a loss of 100bucks. I would not buy from them

O.K. product, a little dated but is a replacement for the same unit. Next time will probably replace within a year.

I bought this phone about 1 1/2 months ago and all of the buttons on it have stopped working so it is hard to use the phone. I would like my money back

Not one of my favorite phones. its got really bad sound quality. you can barley hear it ringing unless you are right next to it, I wouldnt buy another one.

This phone was very difficult to slide open the first day it was taken out of the box.  I assumed the difficulty in opening the phone would end over time...but it never did.  A few days later, the phone began to become difficult to respond to touch.  Now the phone is in a desk dawer not being utilized.

Very, very good phone. Durable and it looks great and everything about it is pretty much perfect. Except for the cord that attaches the main body to the display is prone to wear out with regular use. So your phone becomes useless after a few months use. It stared out where once the top of the screen went to the middle of the screen, like on an old TV when you would mess with the V-hold. Then it would do that all the time, and then the display would refuse to turn on, and it would freeze up and turn off if I tried to use the keyboard. I googled my problem and it's definitely that specific cord. The speaker on the front (that you would use for phone conversations) stopped working as well.My phone fell out of my pocket and was left facedown in the rain for over an hour and so the display doesn't work anymore, but if it had continued to work the way it did I'm almost sure I would have had to get a new phone because the display stopped working. I would recommend it if you are in the position to replace your phone within a year or if you wouldn't use the keyboard very often.

I HAD THE 4G ONE AND IT SUCKS I DONT LIKE KEYBOARD ON IT, I BUY SELL PHONES EVERY FEW DAYS BUT I AM THE BEST YES I AM! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I AM. THIS 3G PHONE IS THE BEST

Apps of mine would constantly have error messages, it lagged horribly, and the battery died in a few hours. I was unsatisfied with my purchase.

I really enjoy this phone. Its not the most advanced in the world, but for the price its pretty cool. Functions really well, apps don't freeze, looks great. The camera seems a bit foggy sometimes and there is a major issue with the internal storage but otherwise I like it a lot. Don't expect to find many cases for it so you'll have to be more careful with this one. The keyboard is great for someone like me who doesn't really like the touchscreen texting but it would probably prove difficult to use for someone with larger fingers.

Phone was really good ... but it broke down in about 30 days after buying it.  Not sure if it was a lemon or not but the phone was handled very gently and light used in those 30 days.  I was getting an error &#8220;Force close&#34; &#34;android.process.acore has stopped unexpectedly&#8221; error and phone becomes unusable.  The top half of the phone was not responsive but the slide out keyboard was responsive.  T-mobile DOC-3304 gives a work around but I cannot navigate the phone as it is unresponsive.  Also I read some comments over the net that the cable that attaches the top and bottom part needs to be replaced.  I returned the phone.  Amazon refunded the whole amount plus shipping.  Very leery of buying phones now ... but with this kind of refund policy, I'll buy again.  Resetting to factory defaults didn't solve the issue either.Seller shipped the item promptly.

I bought this phone because it was advertised as having wifi calling and portable hotspot. It does have a thing that say hotspot but it wont turn on.  So after T-Mobile replacing the phone twice I finally contacted HTC only to find out that this phone does not support hotspot.  So basically I wasted alot of money on a phone that doesnt do what it said it would. Glad my contract is up in a few months so I can find something else. It's an ok phone otherwise but has no memory even with an SD Card because alot of things wont save to the card. It wants to keep them on the phone for some reason.  Also the battery doesnt stay charged all day. All in all, I would not buy this phone.

This phone does it all!!!  You can watch movies, listen to music and surf the web and each of these things can be done while talking on the phone with it!  Android 2.2 features live wallpapers, which look really cool, but drain battery life.  With 'Power Manager' app, my battery lasts ALL DAY LONG with normal wallpaper!  TONZ of apps and customizability!  I'm synced with my office email and my personal one!  I can even view attachments straight from my phone email inbox! It has Flash so I can view any website. It has a camera button and a flash.  Allows me to video record and take pics and immediately share them via MMS, email, Facebook or Flicker.  Videos allow you to immediately share via Youtube!  My case has a stand, so I can sit it up and watch movies in both landscape and portrait mode!  I can tether my phone to my computer or laptop via USB or wirelessly with 3g connection, which on T-Mobile has tested as fast as Sprint's 4G and even faster in some areas! This can only be done on Android 2.2, but it's pretty cool!  I can print documents from the phone to my printer at home from anywhere!The only things it's lacking in features is a Front Facing Camera, a significant amount of app and/or internal memory, a High Definition Camera/Camcorder and an actual radio, but TuneRadio resolves this in the GREATEST WAY!!!It's better than ANY OTHER SLIDER PHONE currently out IMO!  It ranked third in speed amongst the TOP cellphones currently!

i ordered this phone and i received it with no battery or back casing. do not order this phone, RIP OFF!!!

This item is nice I used this device even It first hit the market. I love it and will recommend buying it.

this was a great buy. there were a few scratches here and there, but that was specified in the phone description. there was only one problem i had with the phone. once i got the phone the camera did not work properly.

Listen, this was WONDERFUL to have a refurbished phone to replace my broken one. It just kicked the can without warning one day but we didn't want to get a brand new one. I was so excited to see my same phone for this price. It works PERFECTLY and I have absolutely zero complaints about it. It is the perfect phone for me because I love the slider, needed a camera and calendar and don't really care about games. Thanks you for offering this and taking the time to refurbish it, who ever you are! I am very grateful for it. 7 months later...This phone died on me 6 months after purchase. I really did love it, don't get me wrong. But since that was such a short life and the last one died in the same way I ended up getting a Samsung Galaxy S Mini, from the UK. Love that one even more! It is such a superior phone compared! Realize that I did have to pay quite a bit more but I am SO satisfied. Just an update.

im always very weary about buying things online, but when i recieved this phone i charged it right up and it was like it was brand new out of the box.

This phone is amazing there is so much you can do with it.  The phone first came with Android 1.6, but I later updated to Android 2.1 and it made it alot faster and better to work with.  The battery life on this phone is not so great it does not last a whole day.  You can also use this phone as a mp3 player and it works really well.  It is not as fast as the newer phones and when I download certain apps it slows down.  The internet browser is awesome and you can watch flash based websites.  The google apps work really well and I love the google calendar that syncs with the google calendar on my PC.  It is an awesome phone, but it is not as fast as newer phones out there and the I wished the battery life was better on it.

For no reason when I would switch to use my keyboard pad the screen would go black and it's been like that for a week already. I haven't dropped my phone or anything that would cause it to do so. I need to return.

When this first came out, it was a fast and very efficient phone at the time. Now that it has plenty of software updates plus the general consumer apps that are typically downloaded, this phone is really slow for use in todays day. I bought one for my father to get him into the new Android and iOS operated world and this worked for him just enough before he knew he needed another phone.

This phone has been trouble since I bought it. First the seller claims it was unlocked but after months of trouble I found out that it actually was not. It would not hold a signal for longer than 4 or 5 minutes at a time when other phones around it held strong ones. It would constantly lock up and shut down. Awful awful awful and misleading by the seller. Wish I had noticed in time to return it.

I have used this phone since they have came out on the market with T-mobile and im still buying them 3 years later. I love that I can use it and don't have to learn it all over again.So the phone worked great and was shipped fast, good seller, would buy again if needed.Thanks

The phone is in decent shape as the seller mentioned, the only thing the seller did not mention is that the screen towards the bottom left corner lifts with ease (comes lose from phone).  Has not affected the functionality of the phone, but I am sure will in the near future.  No Screen no PHONE.  I wish this was disclosed in th eoriginal post as I would have not purchased it.

When typing a text message or googling information the return button did not work and you had to start over with your search or text to get to the page that you wanted to use.  I had to return it but Amazon made sure I received my refund right away.  Thanks for all of your services through out the holiday.

This phone isn't missing anything but a compatible battery and a front camera. Everything else about this phone is just as good as the new 4G phones; the camera, slideout keyboard, SWYPE, the fast operarting system, & music functions.

It's an excellent equipment for the price. I put the chip of my country (Ecuador) and It works very well

Half the keys on the qwerty keyboard dont work, half the board without lights. Returned phone for refund the next day.

Keyboard does not work unable to text  and phone shuts off randonly-do not BUY  Junk Junk.  Not recommended for purchase.

Had it for a little over a year and it broke three times, since I had insurance the company just sent me new phones but they never lasted... looking for a new phone AGAIN.. but it won't be this one.

Worked very well for 3 months, then the screen and buttons rapidly stopped responding. Too much $$ for something that unreliable. Your money is better invested elsewhere.

The phone's screen completely stop working... Before that happened, the screen would glitch everytime I tried using the keyboard. Worst experience ever.

actually'i still didn't get my phone ... they sent me a wrong one, and to tell the truth , i don't know when can I get it

I have to say everything was good but the phones screen since it was dirty from the inside which didn't bother me much since it wasn't that much dust under the screen until it started to spread. I had to return it. But I have ordered from here before and plan on to again. A little disappointed. Better luck next time :)

My phone don't work and I'm waitingfor the e-mail. To returner sence last week. I want my money back. Sent me the e-mail
