
I bought this phone and i feel bad for wasting my money .In the description was written it is unlock and it work for any GSM carrier  .But , it didn't work .  I contacted the seller and she said it should work !!!

I recently bought this phone, it looks nice came nicely packagedbuuuuuuttttit sucks.I had the thing for 5 mins, it would not accept my sim card, so I left for 5 hours I come home now it wont turn on im assuming its a battery issue the customer support for this company is mediocre and it took almost 5 days to get here. i am very displeased and am assured i will not find myself buying from them again. I really advise people to 2nd guess here.

The only reason I purchased this phone was to use it with AT&T.;  The phone does not recognize my AT&T; SIM and from what I have read online this phone CANNOT be unlocked for use on AT&T;'s network AT ALL!!!!DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE if you are an AT&T; customer and DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR who clearly LIES in their DESCRIPTION!  It is misleading and WRONG!!!A full and honest disclosure should be listed with this item that would clearly warn specific network users that this phone will not work for them, such is my case!Is $50 really worth your Amazon sales reputation!  I think not!Avoid this company at all cost!

I bought the phone specifically for the keyboard and the price and thats what its nice for.  Two things I disliked was that there isn't any calculator and you don't know you've got a text message till about two minutes after it has been sent from the sender.  Its a very basic phone but nice for the price.

I've always LOVED the sidekick i had the slide one when i actually had t-mobile. i ordered this phone the 22nd and received it the 23rd as promised and it was packaged very well everything was wrapped except one problem was the background that covers the battery has a crack in it but thats ok i just ordered a cover for the whole thing. as most people have said in the other reviews it didnt work with the at&t sim card...AT FIRST! buuuutt...i called at&t and a gentleman helped me with unlocking my sim card and it took a few tries but afterwards worked PERFECTLY!!! i absolutely LOVE THIS PHONE!!! and the best part is it works without having internet so me having the prepaid at&t phone was just so convenient for me thank you so much if i need anything else i will definitely order from this company again :)

This phone is ok but there are some reasons why i get mad. Whenever the phone dies it deletes all my contacts plus it does not ring when you get a text. The things that i like about the phone is that it has a fun game it is not some demo and it has a good keyborded.I like this phone but sometimes not.

I ordered this item a few weeks ago, and wow I got it so fast, it's crazy. I got it in 2 days. That's all i had to wait. It came with no scratches, and it came with a full pack! I will definitely order from this company again!

Great phone, I always wanted to have the sidekick 08 and since this store had it on sale I said why not! It came in practically brand new condition for only $50 which is a good deal. It came sooner than expected, but for standard shipping it takes 3-5 days so you gotta be patient. Great phone, good service, and thats pretty much it. I've tested the phone and it works 100% great. No problems, packaged properly with all the manuals and cords I needed, also the screen had a protectant on it which was nice to keep it scratch free. Good store!Only bad problem I had is they did NOT wrap up the battery, they just left it in the box, not a big deal but they should wrap it up just to keep the battery safe from any damage since the battery is EVERYTHING really lol.

I have had this phone for a while and with no data. its pretty simple without it just text and talk. no aim or web. its OK i like the swivel design and that is why i bought it. i would recommend this phone to anyone. just be warned that every once in a while a screen will pop up telling you to configure your phone but you all you have to do is press menu and go down to "phone and text".

This is a very good cell phone. I always want a Sidekick phone, so I ordered it. The phone is in good condition (like new) and came with all the needed accessories. So far, I really like it.

I got the item in today..With all of these great reviews I thought it would be better.It is in working condition. BUT it came in a little later than expected, & the ball won't let me scroll up.It also didn't come with the clear case that the other reviews said.

Product arrived like new and fully functional, however, the screen assembly is missing all of it's screws. It doesn't fall apart, but it is definitely less sturdy. Not exactly sure what the seller did with them. Also, like most have said, this phone won't work with AT&T, only T-Mobile.

The product does not work for all carriers such as ATT phones. Cell phone's appearance is great! I couldn't wait to use it but no matter what methods I used, it didn't work. It took over a month to receive a refund.

im 16 and my phone broke so i neede a replacement and i always liked this phone but couldent ever get it when it was newso i got it herei loved the bottons the screen was small but i didint careit is a big sized phonedont open it too much the swivel becomes less and less quick every timeabout a few months after i get this phone it stops turning on it says contact cosemer carethanks you gave me my broken dream phoneif you need a short lived phone get it from these guysif u want one that lasts get it from someone else.

This is a nice phone, it comes in a box with everything inside neatly put inside it. BUT, the title clearly states that it is unlocked for any GSM carrier use. This is not true. I read other reviews to see if this would work on an AT&T account, and others said they were able to make it work. I inserted my sim card and it did not work so i contacted AT&T to unlock my sim card. But, they said to contact Tmobile to make sure the phone was unlocked. IT WASN'T!!! The seller of this item was false advertising because this phone isn't unlocked. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE TO USE ON AT&T NETWORK!!!!!

I agree with a lot of the reviews that this phone is worthless and should be taken out the seller's and amazon's inventory.Originally I had given this purchase a 2 star rating but when you make a purchase on-line you have to take into account the totality of the experience. In my case, the seller saw my review and then THEY contacted me immediately very helpful and polite asking what could they do to improve my experience. Well my only gripe (quite a big one really) was that this phone was advertised as unlocked for all carriers, but in reality it is not. The Consumer Affairs Rep, DeShawn Jones, was superbly helpful as he tried everything he could to make this phone work for me. But he soon realized that there was no way to unlock the phone for any other carrier, it only seems to work on T-Mobile (BTW, the worst carrier ever) which really makes this phone a brick on my pocket. So he sent me a return label, the brick is off my hands, and now I'm just waiting for the actual refund to my credit card. This could've been a bad experience/purchase if it wasn't for excellent customer service and support. Therefore I upgrade my rating to a 4 star, not 5 because they should not sell that brick in the first place, but definitively the next highest rating because they take care of their customers and I will continue purchasing confidently from them again.Thank you again, DeShawn.

This phone is great. I love it. Gets great reception and the keyboard is to die for. The only thing I wish I'd known before I bought it, is that you have to have a data plan for the phone to alert you that you have a message. Other than that, I love this phone. I would most definitely recommend it to a friend. Also thrilled with the clear case that came with it. The OEM Planet has great products. A+++

I got to say I love this phone, when I got it it had a broken ligh ton the top of the screen but I called the company and I got it fixed and sent back and its good as new, the phone is great with texting but to those that love themes on there phone there is only 3 and you cant change or create new ones let alone access the internet if your only using At&t, the time keeps reseting tho but its no big deal, but if you add contacts to the phone and some how the battery comes out the contacts are all earsed which is why you should buy a small memeory card to save contacts to, its so easy, you can watch VIDEOS on the phone such as the Hang Over, and Listen to music and take videos with the camera and take great pictures,  YOU WILL NOT REGRAT IT I LOVE IT

If you think that buying this cheap good looking phone will save you money, you will land up at the same place as me.It is clearly written "Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier", but I was delivered a T-Mobile locked version of this mobile.No Manuals, no quality a typical Made in China product

Awesome phone!! its great works great good for music and texting!! calls sound great just a great phone! no complaints!! THOSE OTHER REVIEWS SAYIN THE PHONE SUCKS ARE CRAP!!! Take my advice and buy this phone! ive had mine for almost a month now! no problems at all!! I encourage you to buy this phone. GREAT FOR TEENAGERS!!!

i don't have much to say about the phone. i bought a 50 dol phone and i did not expect to receive a jewel. it's a good looking phone yet defective. the alert messaging does not work. i've owned the phone for just 2 days. let see next week what i will find.

This phone is not unlocked as the seller says. To unlock it it will cost you another US$ 50 is told me. It also is a huge phone, like blackberry. Totally a bad deal and seller lies. DON NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

This phone is so great. Came in practically new condition!  Money well spent, it gets the job done! All i needed was a good phone to replace my old flip phone, and this one was definitely it. I know this phone is 3 years outdated, but hey, a phone is a phone. And if you're looking for a cheap, awesome phone, you have got to pick this one up! Its got an awesome camera, a music player, and is just very cool for a 2008 phone.

This disappointed me a lot. I ordered this package being told i was going to get the sidekick 08, data cable, wall charger, and the guides. When it came all the was in it was the sidekick, and the charger. Other people have said that there was an extra free clear case that wasnt metioned, but i didnt get this as well. The instruction manual was a flimsy piece of paper, and wasnt an offical manual. Overall i wish they would have included what i paid for.Sidekick Danger 2008 PV210 Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier (Factory Reconditioned)

I am sure these phones would have been great, but they were advertised as unlocked, and simply put wouldn't take anything other than a t-mobile card. The rough part is I will not pay to return something that was not delivered "as advertised" So I simply will not purchase from this company again.

Phone will not work as described in the specifications. In order to even vibrate you must have the t-mobile text plan.Now I return this.

Very nice and it came earlier than expected so far works perfect still waiting for the welcome screen to go off but a very good phone works great came with the cover nd everything and i would definanetly recommend it to others

It's an excellent deal the product works with any SimCard. I tested in Colombia with several Cards and the cellphone show a great performance, I recommended this product if you want a nice cellphone to a good price.

I'm very impressed and really happy with this Order.... Because first my phone didnt have any scratches, it was a new Sidekick and also it had a bonus clear cover that it wasnt mentioned in the description, and when I saw it I was really impress with it that I even thought that they send it without notice it, but then while reading the other comments i realize that I wasnt the first client receiving this bonus...Im REALLY HAPPY and i would buy more products from HERE :D

i have this product for almost a week not and its great works perfectly no scratches, i received the order quicker than was expected great product i would recommend it.

well i bought the sidekick. then i brang it to the at&t; store for them to get my sim card working. well they said that the only people that can give it to me are tmobile custmor service or the person taht sold the fone to me.does any one know the code for me to use so i can use my sidekick with my at&t; sim card?? if soo please can you inform me thank you

I ordered the sidekick 2008 danger yesterday feb 16 i got it todaythe 17th great looking phone brand new i put my sim card and it did not work i tried everything i could and nothing worked. NOW PLEASE READ YOUR INSTRUCTIONS TO GETTING YOUR PHONE TO WORK I DONT KNOW IF THIS WORKS FOR OTHER PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AT&T; I CALLED AT&T; AND TOLD THEM MY ISSUES THIS WONDERFULL WOMEN TOLD ME MY SIM CARD HAD TO BE UNLOCKED SHE DID SO OVER THE PHONE AND ASKED ME FOR THE IMEI NUMBER (WHICH IS LOCATED WHERE THE BATTERY IS UNDER THE BAR CODE) SHE ALSO SAID NOW I COULD USE MY SIM CARD IN WHATEVER PHONE I CHOOSE. PLEASE DO NOT GO CRAZY JUST RELAX IT WORKS CALL THEM UP AND TELL THEM YOU WANNA UNLOCK YOUR SIM CARD YOU HAVE A NEW PHONE YOU WANNA USE THEY WILL DO SO OVER THE PHONETHANK YOUPLEASE LEAVE YOUR FEEDBACK OF YOUR ACCOMPLISHMENTSBECAUSE IT DOES WORK

For starters I am impressed with the arrival of my package. I live in southern California, at this moment we are having very unusual weather, and my packaged arrived within 3 business days, from New York. I did not special order it's arrival. I was able to track my order with amazon.com and shipping service online. The product was unlocked, worked great with my AT&T sim card. The company even gave me a free clear case to protect my phone. The keyboard is great to type with for those text addicts. The size of the phone for me is just right. The phone fits right in my pocket. The features I use are fully functional, only calls and text messaging. I have not tried the data (internet service) since I do not have it.  I believe it was a great early holiday present for myself. Hope you enjoy your phone as much I do.

this phone is great i boughtit 2 work with my digi cel Jamaicasim and it worked perfect. it came way b4 the date and i even got a case with it .  i love itthanks u guys.

Although product arrived quickly, product side flip broke within two days and the phone respection was sad. I personally do not recomend this product!!!!

j had this phone for about a month now, and i love it, the camera is good but not great video could be better, i love just about everything about this phone but it wont alert me when i get a message but if you get a data plan  dont worry about that, its fixed. the swivel screen may feel a bit flimsy but it is pretty strong. So if you love!! texting email and browsing the web, i highly recommend this phone. AND IT CAME WITH A FREE CASE!!

i bought this on the 6th and got it on the 8th!!!! awesome man. looks brandnew or i presume it is with headset and battery charger and everything u need with a bonus micro sd card. everything is A OK!!!

I recieved the item in the time it said, even faster than I expected.It is in way better condition than I expected, and it functions really well.



Bought this phone week after Christmas, I was certain that it would not make it on my doorstep come Christmas day, since it came from NY and was being shipped to CA, but I was so wrong!!! Package came in 23rd of December (ordered on the 19th). It was a gift for my teenage son. As soon as he opened it his smile was ear to ear. It looked new and felt new, I would say it's basically NEW!Came with the complete package. They even threw in a extra jewel case to protect from scratches. I just hope it came with the SD card that would've been icing on the cake (but I guess I'm just asking too much). My son is going crazy over this phone right now.For $50 shipped. You can't beat this deal! A phone and an MP3 player and alot more!

I bought this phone after my old one bit the dust thinking that it would replace my old AT&T phone. Well I put in my SIM card and thought that it would upload my contacts that I had saved there... NOPE, but that's ok I just entered them manually. FIRST! You can't have a ringtone (as in NO noise will be made) for text messages. In order to get your phone to let you know you have a text message you MUST set an alert (aka a reminder that you have a message) which is ok. SECOND! If the battery gets low it makes you go back to the service selection screen, which I could still live with because you just have to say "phone/text mode". LAST! The straw that broke the camel's back is when your phone's BATTERY runs out... Well you lose EVERY LAST CONTACT, TEXT, PHONE CALL, you EVER made! This phone was designed for T-mobile and I wish I had seen that before I wasted money on this POS phone!

I have ordered a sidekick phone and l have been waiting too long and l have not received the phone and l have sent them two e-mails but no reply.This is bad business and lam trying to get them to refund my money but all effort has failed and l will not buy anything from this company.unreliable.All attempt to get them has failed,is this a good seller,no.

I bought this phone for my younger brother and he really likes it.I would recommend it to anybody who to but it.

Although I did not end up keeping the product, the costumer service at this company was GREAT. They worked well with me to figure out a return, and I really appreciate good costumer service. Thank you!

i bought this phone not to long ago from here and i was very excited. first of all it came way sooner than i expected which is amazing for me. yes i was disapointed that it doesnt let me use my data plan but its still a good phone. i should have did more research. so basically if youh want a cool phone and dont care about the internet on it, this is an amazing phone to buy. well worht the money. i have unlimited data and still love this phone.

First sidekick i've owned and its great. Everything is new and works perfectly. However my sidekick 08 didn't come with a clear cover but overall its great. Everything came wrapped and in new condition. Its great, it's light, what else would you want.

buen telefono, lo malo es que no suena cuando llegan los mensajes, de ahi todo funciona muy bien, recomendado para la compra

Can I return if its doesn't work, because my brother said sidekick can't work without internet. And how many days that I have to return if I can?

I bought this phone several months ago and it works fine on my AT&T; sim card. I don't know why some people complaining about they can't use a AT&T; card on it, maybe it's because they did't follow the instructions coming with the package. The instructions are shown below:1. Turn on the phone.2. Wait till the screen shows something like "Registering T-mobile services..."3. Press "Menu" + "L" at the same time (Menu is the button shown as three strokes at the upperleft corner)4. Voila! You skipped the registration process!5. *(Optional) If you are a AT&T; user and you want to use GPRS related services (picture MMS, internet, etc.), you can press "Menu", then select "Settings"-"Network Options". Select "Change Network APN", type "wap.cingular" as APN, leave Username and Password as blank. Select "Set APN", and it's done.*This method is based on my personal experience, so I'm not sure if it works for everyone.Btw, the battery can only stand by for about 2 days. You can spend several bucks to buy a new battery, or just remember to recharge it every day as I do. Hope this post helps you. :)

i bought this phone in novemeber , the battery doesnt work half the time , and heaven for bid you should power the phone off , its just totally unresponsive , so i usally have to take the batery in and out about 50 times i swear , just to get the phone to turn back on , the side kick is the worst phone ever , there isnt much good about it , its got 14 buttons it took me 2 weeks to find the power buton , right now its just unresponsive for now reason , and its about to go in the trash right after i get through with this review

I've been wanting a sidekick for forever and now that Microsoft will end internet service to sidekicks I'm pretty bummed I supposedly can't access internet on it... other than that: It took a while to receive this package in the mail -- about two weeks... I've gotten faster deliveries before with free shipping so don't know why.. It all works good though, I'm currently working with my provider to enable it to allow me to get text messages. Apparently I've been able to send them out, and get them when I put my sim card back in my old phone, but this sidekick doesn't show text messages when people send them.  Pictures work well, phone rings, volume is ok, and thus far no other hiccups.

i thought this would be the perfect phone, and at a great price. i was saddy mistaken.ive had this phone for two months and not one day did it have signal. i tryed calling the phone company, but they said it was my phone not the sim card. ala in all this phone suckkkkkkkkssssssssss soooooooooooooo much waste of money . i might as well thrown 50 dollars in the trash it would of benn easier and i wouldnt have to wait a week to do it i could do it right away.:(===

I was really nervous about ordering this phone because of some of the poor reviews. The first two days it was great. Then it had a glitches, like it locked EVERY 5 SECONDS. I adore the phone. i just wish it worked. And the delivery was right on time. The package was nice. There wasnt a scratch on the phone. just has really bad glitches. i ended up getting rid of it.

It's a bad phone. First it takes like 3 weeks to get here and second the phone wont alert you if you have a text.

Great buy. Came in fantastic condition with no scratches of any sort. Truly unlocked. I'm using this phone with AT&T at the moment. you can contact me if you buy this phone and want to know how to send pictures with it as well even though it is said that you can't send pictures. Although i recommend this phone to everyone, buy a backup battery along with it cause the standard isn't as good as it should be because it is obviously used. Alternatives are cheap on amazon and it would be a good idea to buy one. Nevertheless this was a great product, very good price, very good condition, and it came with a clear plastic cover and everything that was shown in the picture. the shipment was very quick. I chose super saver shipping and even though it said that the product would be here in 5-8 days, it came in 2!! very good and i hope to be buying from The OEM shop more often. Thank you!

This was a gift for my wife who was unhappy with her previous phone, and wanted one that was easier to text on.  This phone was easy to set up and she was using it within a few minutes.  The only difficulty we had was setting up the text notification, which our daughter was able to do when she came home for Christmas.

sidekick 08 came on the earliest date the company estimated, perfect condition, everything in the box. LEGIT!!!! For the price of like 50 bucks you can not go wrong with this deal.  i recommend this to anyone who loves sidekicks!!!!!!!

Over all I have to say I'm very impressed not only did it arrive earlier than planed it works great. And as a bonus it came with a clear case that wasnt mentioned above! Over all Im verry happy with this product and would definitly buy from BLUTEKUSA again.

My daughter is very happy with this phone. Keep in mind that if you don't have internet access on your phone then you will lose your pictures and such as the phone will continue to reset itself. We had to call T-Mobile and they had to bypass something and push some magic buttons so that she could "register" the phone. Once we figured that out the phone has worked great! Shipping was timely. Happy with purchase.

Did not like as it is bulky and not user friendly.

I am not really cell phone savvy, but I wish I could see the whole conversation that I'm having with someone when I text them. I really do love my phone and if I could find a upgrade for that wonderful price like the last & from the same company that would be so awesome!!

1. The customer service was horrible with the distributor that I chose. No, not product specific, but worth the mentioning.2. I don't know who refurbishes these phones or if anybody actually inspects them prior to shipping the product out, but the screen wasn't even snapped on all the way. Very easy to snap back together, but it is the cause for there being dust underneath the screen during shipping, most likely.3. The physical functioning of the phone is not even decent (thus the low rating). This is probably another factor caused by the companies not inspecting these phones before they shipped them out. Anyways, the swivel screen was less than satisfactory in function.

First of all, I am using a TMobile prepaid SIM.The following is based on my personal scrutiny of the unit.Pros:The swivel screen is cool but I could have done without it.  The keyboard makes texting easy.  Since it has a 3.5mm audio jack outlet, you can stick in your favorite earphones for your favorite MP3's.  It has a nice user interface.  It has Bluetooth for transferring pictures and maybe music (haven't tried yet).Cons:The swivel screen does not go through the fully open position sometimes.  I have to push it into position.  The included charger did not work.  Without a data plan, you will not see the name of the sender of incoming text messages.  I copied my contacts from my SIM.  Without a data plan, there will be no incoming message alert.  You will not know that you have an unread message unless you keep on checking on the screen or when the trackball changes color.  However there is a tweak through the sound profile but will only alert you 2 minutes after you receive the message.  The shipper was not able to cover the whole shipping cost, so I had to pay for the balance.  Amazon gave me a promotional certificate as a refund to be used on Amazon sold and shipped items only.Other things:I got this unit by error.  There is a black sticker covering the most of the battery back cove.  I looked for pictures of other units and they don't have this.  Perhaps since it is a refurbished item, it is for concealing some aesthetic defect.  If it is something for concealing, it would have been better if they stuck the sticker properly as it was not put on symmetrically.  All the other areas did not have any scratches.My comments:Without the Data Plan, this phone is simply a regular call and text phone.  Bear in mind that you will not be able to see the sender's name and only see the number.  You can see the sender's name by clicking on reply.  For all the remaining features without the data plan and the inconveniences I have mentioned above, I have to say that this is not worth your $49.99 especially that it is a refurbished unit.  I would rather spend $49.99 on another simple call and text phone.  For the same price or less or perhaps add more, you can get more decent ones here in Amazon or good deals at TMobile's online store for prepaid service.  You will be able to get one with 3G capability that this unit does or will not have.Lastly, there is an advisory that Microsoft will cease giving service to Sidekicks after May 31, 2011[...]  Most of the sidekick followers say that the unit is almost useless without the data plan especially that Microsoft will stop giving service to sidekicks after May 31, 2011.  For this, I think it is impractical to get a data plan for the sidekick if it is still offered for the remainder of the time until May 31.  Otherwise, this unit will be rendered as a not fully functioning basic call and text phone.  The image quality from the camera is near decent.

The phone was defective upon arrival. Able to hear who I am talking to but they can not hear me.

hello i just have q question ill be glad if somebody could help or know, so i recently purchased this phone well my question is do i have to get it registered to use with t mobile service or should i just buy a simcard and activate online?thanks

I ordered my item on dec 20th why would it arrive dec 30th or the 27th why so long imean shipment from new york to sc my gma sent my little cousin a package on a friday he had it by monday why mine taking so long ???

The phone itself looks nice. Unfortunately, when talking on it people consistently hear an echo, which only increases when using the speaker, which by the way isn't all that loud either. I kept it ratehr than going through the hassle of shipping it back, considering I am planning on upgrading in a couple months. I wouldn't buy it again since the echo is annoying and makes just the shortest conversation worthless.

Good Things: Well this phone is ok. It has EXCELLENT battery life and takes good pictures. The Media player is easy to use and very sleek. The Keyboard is great and the letters and numbers are seperated so you dont get mixed up.Bad Things: The video recorder has bad resolution and only lets you record for 20 seconds. GPRS services only works with T-Mobile so you cant configure the internet which means you cant use the instant messaging programs that are built in. You cant set a custom ring tone or message tone if your not using T-mobile. If your buying this phone to use it with another service provider than T-mobile I hope your just buying it to make calls and send text messages cause thats all you'll be able to do. Multi media messaging doesnt work because you need gprs services to use it. Another thing. You cant make folders or anything on the phone so basically theres no file explorer,which means every thing is unorganized. The phone doesnt even have a calculator and the only way to get it is downloading it with T-Mobile's service. You cant add apps games or nothing like that. Its basically a MP3/MP4 player with texting and calling capabilities.

My phone arrived on time (yay) with what is listed, no more no less, and no scratches, dings or signs of use. I transferred my Sidekick to Go account to the phone, and *bing* everything was there in a flash. The phone is quick and responsive and the keyboard, while rather different than earlier versions, is very user-friendly. (I can edit stories on this thing painlessly; try that on aniPhone. Or even your BlackBerry. Not particularly fun.)Understand *well* that this is basic. No wifi, no 3G and no flash. Internet pages load surprisingly quickly though, and I don't miss any of these the other features - such as gps (?!) because like most (er, or many?) of us, I carry another gadget that fills in any gaps nicely. Battery life is very good - 2 or 3 days of light use -  which isn't common with newer gadgets.So the SK 2008 choice is easy, comfortable, recession-friendly and rather cute. Of course, I could have gotten an LX with 3G and a bigger screen and mongo camera with flash, but you know what? I don't want an SUV in my pocket. Just an easy-to-tote, reliable phone that I can immediately use to text, surf, listen to music, take decent photos and send them, write my stuff (and oh yes definitely) edit it. Newer isn't always better; it really depends on your needs.

I got my item on time, i loved the fact that it came so fast. the product is good, i got exactly what i asked, good service, thank you

This phone is very effcient. The only thing is that the phone doesn't do much without a memory card or data plan.

well, i ordered this phone two weeks ago because my touch screen samsung froze and stopped working, so i decided to get the sidekick as a temporary phone until i could get an upgrade. so far, its a really great phone. it reaches my demands as calling and texting. and the battery life is great. it lasts me the whole day! the call quality is good and text messages send are recieved fairly quick. pic msg well too. i recieved everything in the box and it was brand new, no scratches on it. at first i couldnt figure out how to make it work until i selected to use phone and text only, then the phone started working. great phone. i recommend this for anyone who needs the basics of texting and calling.
