
I mistakenly ordered this version of Galaxy Ace to Russia. Its 3G band frequencies are not compatible with those used in our country. So I only have 2G. Though I don't need fast mobile internet at the moment, but it would be nice to have as an option. But it's my fault, thus five stars, because the phone is great for the price!P.S. Yes, it is possible to upload European version of firmware to the device, but it won't fix the lack of 3G.

I bought this cell phone to use as a Straight Talk for a month here in US and then take it with me to Brazil. The delivery was great and arrived 5 days before expected. The product is great too. Only thing is when I opened mine, it was not unlocked. It was locked to Koodo, a company from Canada.I returned it and got 100% of my money back in 2 days.

This phone is well accepted, it has all the necessary functions and simple to use, in my opinion one of the best operating system. recommended

ITS OK  ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - - -- - - - - - -  YYY yes

I have some difficulty writing because letters get mixup and the internal memory is not enough for my use. Yes, I recommend it to my friends.

Long lasting battery, very good phone. The phone carries more features than I know how to use. It is perfect to me and the good thing about androids is that there are many app available.

It's a Samsung! I will recommend it to friends and whoever need an unlocked for international use with any GSM especially in Nigeria.

I recommend it 100%. Is just i expected. The only problem is with the battery, the lifetime is very short, but this is normal with the smart phones.

I got this phone for my brother in Kenya and he loves it, it was a good buy and priced right.

i like this phone. i would love to buy the second phone for my brother. it's amazing. i love the camera of this phone .

I think I made a good purchase with this one.  The phone works marvellously and there is so much I can do with it....love it.

It is affordable and more than met my expectations with the exception that the android system cannot be upgraded hence bbm cannot be installed. Recommended low budget android phone if not having bbm is no great deal. Otherwise, its a great phone

It did not have the manual of instructions. Also I bought another like the last year and it had a change of case by one of white color

Too many and almost all sellers on Amazon are selling the non international version as international. I had bought the international version in UK last year. It should say  GT-S 5830 i  and not L or anything else. The international version is really the best one and very high quality compared to what is sold here in USA as international version. Beware people !Most importantly keep in mind its internal memory is very limited 150 MB. It will not allow you but some very small apps to work on your phone. And if the phone does not have at least 35 MB free in internal memory it locks up slows down, goes crazy. a 16 GB external sd card will not help internal memory at all because most apps still require 3 to 5 MB on internal memory. So you have a good phone ! but very limited resources for apps. Worst of all. There is NO WARRANTY !  on these phones. Now go figure if its really worth anything.

It worked fine 5 months only and one afternoon it stooped making and receiving calls, I've been in a Samsung technical assistance store and I had to wait for 2 hours and nothing. Before buy any Samsung product visit the next Samsung Technical assistance store or pray for it doesn't give any problem.

"I purchase the Samsung Galaxy Ace to replace a Samsung Focus. The unit work fine except the cell phone frequency is not compatible with my service provider AT&T and I am not able to use the internet service outside a Wi-fi network."

Galaxy, whwewver versions,  is a great gadget is an excellente cell phone. I recomend it. I rate this product very good

I had to return the item because it did not work and when I tried to changed it the provider did not have any left. I consider that quality of the products should be supervised before the shipping is made. I personally do not recommend to buy electronic devises from this provider.

i bought this phone after having a horrible experience with the motorola backflip. i must say i regret not buying this phone before the other one. this phone has great features, great camera quality and it is slim and neat. i have had no problems so far with it and i have had it over 4 months. as technolgy advances and everyone get caught up in it and wants the latest i must say this phone i am satisified and settled with it although being a teenager.

This phone is work great for me like I said I love it, it has so many features, i told my aunt about my phone and she got one.

other than that it is a nice phone...  but I got it for my mom that leaves in Venezuela.Had to send it back!!!

We had a bit of a problem at first. What we found was that the Costa Rican telephone company ( ICE ) which uses the Kolbi Sim&#34;s card does not work with this phone for what ever reason. We switched to the Claro sim&#34;s card and were completely satisfied.Thanks again.

it's a disrespect that you don't even give me the cellphone in there box, and without usb cable , headphones , Your service SUCKS!

I have emailed the seller twice with no response so far. The phone is excellent but the battery sucks!! I mean literally the battery doesn't even exist. 20 minutes of call drains 80% of battery. i have turned off all the background processes, wifi, 3g, blue tooth, screen brightness 0%. So literally i am trying to use it as basic phone but even then it cant give me more than 30 mins of talk time and 10-12 hrs of standby time. 2 Emails to seller and no response so far. Will return it back after 1-2 days more.

Good excellent salesman equipment, the purchase I am realised without disadvantages, the equipment this in perfect conditions for its use. Thanks

Very disappointed, totally different to what they offered me. I had to pay a lot of money to unlock it and intall software for spanish.

I recommend this phine, with small price and high feature as mentioned in phone description . . . . ......

This phone is just great and it just works. It is very easy to use and the reception quality is awesome.

I'm enjoying the product.  It's a good competitor in high end smartphones.  It doesn't have the screen quality as the iPhone has, but it's good.

the real truth is I can not qualify as a success since my purchase has not yet come to my hands the package experience has been rather unpleasant is the first time I buy a product through you and the truth that it was nothing good of me really would not recommend it for the experience that I'm still living not receive any response from the parties fail if lost the cell phone and silver and do not know what will happen with this case is really sorry that you have not guilt because the package is arrived empty but be a little more responsible and face to solve the problem

I bought it to use in US and in Europe with an european chip. It worked perfectly on all side until  I use as GPS with 66 street navigator. After 30 minutes working under GPS in the car, it blocked completely. impossible to stop, and start. I remove battery to stop it and it refuse to start. No specialist was able to flash it. I returned it to amazone who promised to refund cash, but not exchange, even under samsung warranty. It is amazing.  However, Amazon took the problem in charge and seems very efficient.I was perfectly satisfied by this , especially weight, size. Others  are often too heavy and to big and much expensive.When I will refund cash, I will buy the new ace if size is similar.

The phone has an internal damage and totally obsolete Wifi, to revise it told me that the phone was damaged internally.

worked only intermittently, a friend rebooted it and it worked for a day or so more..I returned it and bought a new one from TMobile

Throughout the day this phone will turn itself off about 10 times by itself and if I attempt to use the camera it will also power down. The battery life is below average as well. Do yourself a favor and purchase a galaxy S III / IV instead.

When it comes to smartphones, I buy stuff and not brand. My BlackBerry 9700 just decided to die on me out of nowhere, so I'm in a tight budget to have a phone. Samsung is always my go-to in unplanned situation, so here I am. I don't mind the outdated OS, since I don't really work using my phone. Apps and stuff are easy to navigate and add. The camera is of good quality, but I haven't tried taking pictures at night. The speaker is good, too. Plus, mine comes with an extra back casing in white. Perhaps the only thing I haven't tried is using this outside the US. I hope I'll be able to soon.

it was good enough to get through for a while. it was my second smart phone as I worked my way up to a more expensive phone. it worked alright for a heavy phone user. I enjoyed it for a while and it was better than others that I have used. it is a good midway phone.

This is a good looking but discrete phone, great image quality, good reception, can be sluggish at times, specially if you have more than 2 apps running in the background. This is intended for people wanting to get into the smartphone trend. Very useful phone in many ways.

It is claimed as unlocked 3G, truly as 2G.  There is no problem to run with WIFI and small size for handling. If you are not addict to the multifunctional fancy galaxy, but the input language option is limited. Maybe you need to pay attention when you request the special language support. Anyway, it is worthy for you to choose this S5830 with the reasonable sell price.

Not working good.. My husband hate it. This phone always battery low. Wastage of  money to buy this product. 100%.

If I buy this and try it in the us with a chip from there will it work if i then bring it to venezuela and use a local chip? Or maybe will it lock itself with the chip from the us? Thanks a lot.

This phone may have its time however at this moment, I think it should cost below $100 to be fair to consumer.So Sloooow.

I hated this phone. It had the worst signal of any phone i've ever had and it would shut down 2 or 3 times a day and I would have to take the battery out and reinstall it to power back up. I sent it back for a refund after 3 weeks.

anyone knows if this cellphone does work fine in south america, I am from Chile so i'd really like to know because i wanna buy it. thanks.

well, I want to say thanks for sending the phone, I was debating weather yes or no to get it and once I got it, I had to keep this phone. Really beautiful. This is a gift and hoping not to have troubles with it. It arrived on time.Placed the battery on it and turned it on. love the screen and I am sure the person getting it will love it. I sugggest strongly this seller and great Job!!!!

I received the phone in a tattered case, it looked used and torn up. When I pulled the phone out it looked new and had most of the parts. I had to buy a sim card before I could take pictures because the phone did not come with one. There is also not enough storage on the phone, I downloaded a few apps and shortly got a message that the memory was full even with the additional sim card that I purchased. Otherwise, all the features on the phone worked fine.

el producto llego en el tiempo especificado, es excelente tel&eacute;fono de gama media me ha ido muy bien con el

me gusto mucho lo recomiendo como el fabricante como el vendedor,buen navegador buen tel&eacute;fono me gusto mucho  si lo desean comprar se lo recomiendo

This phone has everything an Android phone needs, but as is happening in a lot of phone could have more internal memory.

Muy buen producto. Buena presentaci&oacute;n y excelente calidad. Present&oacute; algunos problemas iniciales con Twitter los cuales fueron corregidos exitosamente...Excelente...Muy buena compra

este producto satisface mi expectativas para el uso que se le va a dar un buen producto ----la entrega fue rapida  todo perfecto muchas gracias a todos ----

Excellent phone comfortable to work and is the first time I buy this brand of phone, I recommend a product is worth thanks.

sometimes the button in the middle at the bottom sticks. otherwise it is okay. I can receive and send pictures. The camera does not focus so clear when taking pictures.

Good morning. On 21/0572013 buy two phones Samsung S5830, second order 103-3840324-0909853, received them on 05/06/2013. They were not released, and one of them worked two days, what with my operator can activate the 14/06/2013 and 16/06/2013 trailed off and did not work. Please thank your attention to respect and ensure this product. I await your response.Oswaldo Pina

I purchased this phone for my grandson who lives in Norway.  Just before the warranty expired it stopped working.  I am writing this to inform international buyers that Samsung does not repair it in the U.S.  It is my understanding international phones must be sent to the country where it was purchased to get repaired.  But not this phone.  When I received the phone from my grandson, I called Samsung to find out where to send it to get it repaired and was told it must be sent to the U.K. where it was made and where repair takes place.  I never expected this to happen.  I expected Samsung to repair it in the U.S.  I spent many hours trying to find out where their repair facility is located.  Customer Service is poor.  They did not offer to help resolve the confusion, lack of information which caused an unnecessary shipment of the phone from Norway to the U.S. which by the time I received it, it was too late to have it repaired under warranty.  I believe now that this is known, Amazon.com should inform their customers so they can make a decision as to whether to buy this phone or look at other phones that are repaired in the U.S. It taught me &#34;Buyer Beware&#34;  and to ask questions before buying items that are not repaired in the U.S.

I like the phone and feel like I got my moneys worth. The phone is easy to use, small witch is great since I dont have that much space to carry it. The only bad thing I have come a cross is the low internal memory but that can be fixed easily with a SD card.

Terrible service. I cheated: I bought the Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 and a 16 GB memory, and only charged me got all memory. I demand my Samsung Galaxy Ace sent shortly.

If you are not a geek  and you just want to own a not complex touch screen phone  , this is a good one.

THIS TELEPHONE DONT WORK.  ALL THE SOFTWARE IS IN CHINESSE.  IS BAD COMPANY.  I NEED TO SEND TO REPAIR THIS NEW TELEPHONE, VERY BAD BUY

recomendado para comprarlo desde venezuela... funciona perfecto con cualquiera de las telefonias... el galaxy ace es uno de los mejores celulares inteligentes...

for the price is a good choice, good quality, I'm very satisfied with the cell phone, if you are from Brazil don't be afraid it will works here

the product itself is better than I thought. I'm from Uruguay and although I had a problem with the software, Samsung solved it effectively and fast.

I bought it to use overseas and it worked just fine. One drawback is its not easy to store apps & pics on the memory card.

Bought it, like it.  Does its job, low on memory but easily fixed with a 16gb SD card.  Great recieption, works good for overseas calls from the US.  Definitly worth the price.

This phone is despicable...the camera doesnt work both ways as its suppose to...it freezes at times...and cant turn on when i restart it...Im disappointed @first i was extremly happy until i got use to the phone!!!!!!!!!!

Very Good cell phone in as per the price. The Battery is amazing... and the features are also very good.

I ordered this phone in October and a month later I started having problem with this phone. It turns off automatically.

Me parece un telefono exelente, cumple con las especificaciones que se detallan, funciona todo a la perfeccion.Funciona la red 3G, Wifi y la version q trae de android es la 2.3.6

Good wanted to know how much memory you have of the cell, and I want to buy it and most importantly it works in Venezuela

Solid phone and works great. I'm not using it with a data plan (only wireless) so I can't say whether or not it meets all my expectations.

I bought the phone because mainly because of the price/features balance and the 3g network support. I must say I'm greatly impressed. I'm currently living in Argentina and 3G works like a charm with CLARO AR company.Pros: the phone is a pleasure to work with, it is fast and reliable. A nice feature it that charges from the USB port and this is really useful when you hit the road. Screen Protectors and other accessories are very easy to find anywhere.Cons: battery life with BT and WiFi on is hmmmm...poor, you will exhaust a brand-new completely-full battery in less than two hours. GPS is still trying to locate myself! with no-luck. Android version is 2.3.4 and is a bit old now.

This phone sucks. I bought this phone not long ago. Right now, I feel like being ripped off. Ready to trash it. I just bought another Samsung S Duos. Hope it does better.

it was exactly what I had thought it to be.I know it will make perfect present to that wonderful person.Thanks.

Muy buen Producto!!!, tal como lo quer&iacute;a, completo y con todo lo que dec&iacute;a la publicidad. me funciono perfecto con mi compa&ntilde;&iacute;a de telefon&iacute;a local en Venezuela.

I am not happy with my Ace. The  Cell is new and I have to charge the battery twice or three times a day. I had to turn off many operations so that the battery lasts longer. It did not bring spanish language. It is a version for the Arab countries and the only common language that it has is english. The telephone was orden international for the United States. Sometimes when you must attend a phone call o after hanging out the call, the screen becomes black and there is no way to push a botton. It's like if it hibernated and you cannot operated ii in any way, so i have missed some calls. the cable of the charger is too short. The service was good but the cell is not what I expected and what I had been told.

Hi I would like to send the software to Turkish: I would appreciate your phone, thanks Hi I would like to send the software to Turkish: I would appreciate your phone, thanks

I got this phone a month ago and it works pretty good. There's only a few things I don't really like about it like that sometimes it can be really slow when doing just normal things like trying to get to my messages or unlocking the phone. Also, I don't have a lot of apps on it but already the internal memory is basically full. I wish it came with more internal memory. The battery life is alright, could be better and it get's annoying when you have less than half of battery life it won't let you use the camera. Other than these minor issues I think the phones pretty good.

I have serious problems with this phone.I can't change the language only have english and French.I can't update the software

Good size to fit inside the pocket, have everything that I need and ever more. The non top quality display isn't an issue, a zoom solve it easily.

I simply love it, at first I was scared becuase it came a little late but then, I was so happy. It works perfectly, actually I used it to write this. I've read that the battery doesn't lasts a lot but the one which my phone bringed lasts 12 hours!!!!

the product did not turn out so good That I hoped I pedi without tel UNLOCKED and yes Lost The Signal Czech Suddenly the phone itself and have Reported

Is a very good phone and good relationship price/value ..and of course, other phones are more fast than this,,but, for the basic funtions in one smartphone,, is fine

Got this phone after my brother highly recommended it.It was a bit tricky to make the flash disk work, for some reason the phone wouldn't recognized but eventually after a couple of tries it starts working so I could take pictures.The video setting is not so good though, every time I am recording a video it freezes the image from time to time.But overall I am happy with this phone. Great price for a great phone.

When I got the phone I noticed the booklet was in Spanish. I thought okay they put the wrong booklet in the box. Then after I charged the battery and installed it I saw that the phone is in Spanish. Well I need an English phone. Having the phone come in Spanish should have been in the description. This really sucks.

OS on this can not be updated, lives and dies with gingerbread!!! That's not the worst , used this phone in India and caller ID does not get displayed just shows just the number though a contact has been stored with the same number. Googled and found out that this is a known issue.. Defects the whole purpose of buying a international unlocked version.Unless you plan to memorize every contact in your list, ditch this phone.

Because the thelephone works as I expected. it came to my hands in the time stablished and it came with all accesory.

buen producto unico detalle para movilne no puedo activar buzon de voz tlf liberado en espa&ntilde;ol recomendable movilnet movistar digitel

I just love phone, clear graphics and works perfectly.It is comparable to the HTC Evo4G with the exception of dual facing camera. Its my favorite.

El articulo es tal cual como lo describe el vendedor, el envio fue rapido.No he tenido ningun tipo de problemaLo recomiendo.

The phone was a gift to my cousin and her husband who are missionaries in the Dominican Republic. They said the phones have given them much greater and needed access to the functions that help keep them in touch while constantly on the go.

I was very anxious to receive my new unlocked phone, when it arrived, the packaging left much to be desired it looked used as if it was thrown around and left to gather dust. The plastic insert to hold the phone was crushed and the phone itself the back part was dented. It was quite obvious to me that it left the shop in that condition, because whoever packed the phone knew it was damaged and did not take the time to replace the damaged part with a new part. What the person did instead was put a replacement back part ( white ) in the box for me to place the part on my BLACK phone. I would DEFINATELY NOT recommend anyone from buying from that company. Had it not been that I had to pay duty on the phone and the cost to return same, I would have returned same, but it would cost me more than the phone. I was even wondering if the phone is really NEW as stated, it could very well be refurbished.

Works well with my phone. I recently took the screen off and put a new one on. After couple years of using my phone, my screen is still perfectly clear. No scratch. The screen protector did what is supposed to be doing - protect the screen.

This cost $184 but isn't worth $20 or even free. When it said SIM CARD CRASH for my AT&T; SIM that works perfectly over another phone, I tried not to blame the phone and went ahead to get a T-mobile prepaid. I discover that the internet speed is exeedingly slow (2G instead of 3G). I again take it as a service provider issue and don't blame the phone. I buy a T-mobile prepaid (at least the card gets read though the internet speed is lousy at best). The next morning I see that my previously full charged battery has run down completely (with virtually NO usage in 8 hours or so). I charge for some 45 minutes and take the phone to work. The next I take out my phone is at noontime and guess what- the battery is dead.This phone is a joke. $184 for this is an even bigger joke. Please stay away. I am returning this product ASAP. (I've been an amazon user for over 2 years. I don't write product reviews but felt absolutely compelled to write this one).

Its internal memory just sucks. A few apps installed and the phone collapses. Anyway, it's still a good cellphone, for people who will not download too many apps.

The phone has been easy to use and very versatile. I have not yet traveled to a foreign country, but I trust it will work as well there as the U. S.

This cell is a lot smaller than expected. However has a long battery life and is clear This is a .Samsung Galaxy

The Samsung Galaxy is one of the best phones that I have acquired the function is comprehensive and delivery was at the time there was no objection

Run it on Straight Talk for $45/mo unlimited. Works great. The voice command is cool. Call quality is good. I'm an average user and this phone more than serves my needs.

El producto lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones, s&oacute;lo un detalle, en la caja dice que trae el tel&eacute;fono celular, cargador de bater&iacute;a, bater&iacute;a, cable USB, tarjeta micro SD y aud&iacute;fonos. Pues s&oacute;lo trae las primeras cuatro cosas, no trae la micro SD ni los aud&iacute;fonos (a&uacute;n cuando en la caja dice que si). Soy de Venezuela y levanta 3G con Movistar perfectamente.

I bought the phone about three weeks ago. It came nicely packaged. The phone was swanky and very light and can fit in your pocket easily. I was very happy. I subscribed to a respectable prepaid service. The phone worked for 48 hours. Then it would not work without removing battery and SIM. It was a nightmare. I tried my SIM on another phone and there was no problem. I had to return the phone. I bought a used unlocked Iphone and used my SIM card in it. It is working perfectly well. I had always enjoyed Samsung products; but not this time.

Not happy at all with this phone!! Everytime it turns off, it restarts over & over again for more than an hour. Therefore, I'm forced to keep it on ALL the time. Also, the battery lasts for no more than 9 hours after fully charged, which means that when it is out of battery...guess what happens?...it turns off & restars again & again!!

Excellent phone! Works in Saint Lucia with LIME network ! Neat ,compact, affordable. However, did not come with memory card.

I asked someone to do the purchase for me. Within one week of getting the phone it start falling apart. Seems the face is not intact. Perhaps it costs too much to return it. This is not an amazon problem.The phone needs charging at least twice in a twenty-four hour period even when it is not on 27/7

I bought this phone for using in Venezuela. I switch the new chip and now is asking me for an unlock key. I dont know why. Was not supposed to be already unlocked? Could anybody help me please?

I like the cellphone. I bought it as a gift to a friend in Venezuela but the cellphone had some problems connecting to Internet using DIGITEL, I'm trying to solve it before give it to my friend, but everything else is just OK. It's a great phone.

It is ok the cellphone. The only thing I do not like is it turn off by itself I am not sure what happen..it works fine but suddenly it is off.

I ordered this phone and recieved it 3 days earlier than expected! Some pros: came with a pair of earphones and a HDMI wire to plug into computer with, works smoothly no problem with lagging or screen resolutio, connecting to wifi was easySome cons: when I placed the order it said the phone would be black but I received a white one (I don't mind though it looks nice), when turning on the phone it was all in Spanish, even the instructions booklet was in Spanish, one big problem was that there was almost no space on the phone. I couldn't take pics and had to buy a seperate micro SD card..If ur going to buy this phone get a SD card with it!!

Very good screen and apps, but I am very dissapointed with the battery. The shortest duration in a cellphone battery I have ever had. i am thinking to return it, and purchase another similar to other retailer.

Great phone, its awesome and very nice , Great phone, its awesome and very nice, Great phone, its awesome and very nice

I received the two cellular phones Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 ok, but they did not bring the user guide, the warranty card and the 2GB microsd card (memory card 2GB), I want to know if I can get those items from you without cost because on the box said that brings those items inside.Thank.

Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 arrived a few days earlier than I expected. I've been testing it for a few days and so far it works really well. Screens and menus look and feel similar to I-phones. Easy and intuitive navigation, price is reasonable at 180. Battery is the only thing that remains to be seen if it lasts a decent amount of time. Overall, I am quite happy with it.

I bought two of these after trying two Motorolas that I returned.  These Samsungs have performed well.  They accepted my sim card with no problem.  I was looking mostly at price.  Problem is that there is practically no internal memory.  I put a 32 gig card in one and a 16 in the other.  That doesn't help.  There is no internal space to download apps and you can't get rid of the preloaded ones.  You cannot move apps from internal memory over to the sd card.  Also, default settings are metric.  They can be changed to  US.  Still some of the spellings are British/Australian English.  But, if you can work around these issues, the phones are fine.  If you are planning on adding a lot of apps, do your homework.  These phones will probably not be for you.

It's a fancy phone, multiple applications, easy to use, nice design and let me stay in touch with my friends an news  trought social networks...

works well. battery life about 2 weeks. i do like the weight, size and system. could not be the latest technology, but has everything I need for a good price.

HAD TO RETURN IT.  FIRST OF ALL QUAD BAND IN RUSSIAN AND COULN'T CHANGE IT TO ENGLISH.UNLOCKED BUT WOULDN'T WORK WITH MY CARRIER.  VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH IT.

Al obtener el telefono y prenderlo se quedaba pegado, se apago y no encendi&oacute; mas no pude devolverlo por cuestiones de trabajo y de tiempo,que puedo hacer

That was a really good purchase.and fulfiled my expectation in 100%.thanks for be honest with your customers.Thanks again.

The product specifications be 3G and it was saying that it was only 2G not recommend this product resulting scammed

Is a nice phone, the display is too small, hard to use, i buy the Samsung captivity for the same price and is better than this

It is ok.. a little slow but cheap. In Venezuela works perfectly with Digitel Movistar and Movilnet 3G. It's nice

My daughter is a recent high school graduate and this was a present for her. It was her first smart phone.She did not put it down for 2 whole days. She was sure there was a front facing camera, but we googled it andfound out that was not the case.

Brand new, completely unlocked! Started using T-mobile pre paid card right away with out any problem! Even connected to Wi Fi without any trouble.

This item is as described in the add. I only missed the micro sd and an american plugg but for the rest I can say that's fare enougth.

I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it! As a matter of fact she loves it so much that I can't get her away form it! Light and pretty easy to use. I'm happy that I got it for her.

The product is not the same as seen in the pictures, for several reasons: 1st, This is not manufactured by Samsung, but the company Retail & E-Commerce Sales. 2nd, boxes and accessories are very different than shown. 3rd, This does not come in the Spanish language, your operating system is nothing more languages &#8203;&#8203;of English, French and Korean. 4th, not to update the sotfware. 5th, I came one blocked and had to cancel $ 45 will unlock it for me. The 6th, The apn setting is manual. 7th, I did not like, be disappointed and hurt that I can not send him to change, because I live in Venezuela

Just what I was looking for and at the right price.  Unlocked phones arethe future of personal telecommunications. Everyone should get one!

I upgraded from a blackberry curve and I'm loving my Galaxy Ace. They say once you go "black you never go back!" Well I can say Once I go Android you never go back. Works well. Light enough. Torch feature responds very well. Loving the Swype keyboard. It can't be compared to the Galaxy S2 but if you're looking for a reasonably priced android smart phone..This is definitely it!

I still have alot to learn about this phone but so far it is good. Especially when it enables me to access so many of these apps for free in customizing my phone, the picture quality is great.

this is an excellent phone . Easy to handle with all feature what you look for in a smart phone ..

My niece loved this product so much, I ordered another one for my nephew. Prompt mailing not to mention no tax and S & H fee was also a big draw. I will not hesitate to order any of your product again.

hola se&ntilde;ores es para informarle que el envio realizado de este producto no llego solo recibi los otros dos quisiera saber que sucedio con el envio del samsung galaxy s5830

the only thing separating the battery from environmental elements is a piece of plastic-like paper -UUGH!-Not described in website.. If I held it before purchasing, I surely would never have bought it. But this design does add to more access to parts, just not for my clutziness. Dropping the phone once or some other accident, I could imagine that being the end of a working phone.In addition, it is yet another phone I had to return because it could not be activated by page plus; it had an IMEI number instead of an MEID number on the back. MEID numbers are needed in order to be activated by page plus.

hello to amazon and hasslemy name is missihoun enagnon.I purchase my Samsung galaxy ace S5830 from hassle via amazon just 2 months ago for $204. But someone close to me into the bus Z8 to silver spring stole it yesterday in my jacket pocket.I can't call, ckeck the bus time, set the morning alarm to wake up morning to job. It look like I lost a part of me in my live. I'm so sad cause I did economy for 5 months to pay cash this phone.I love the phone but I lost it with the skin and 16G memory card and all my photos. i'm so disappointed and I wanna ask if there is any possibility to track this phone and find it.thanks a lot to help me find that beautiful phone.Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version

100% ok

One of the most economic and amazing cellphone. Now It comes with android 2.3.6 and 290MB of RAM. 5MPixel camera including flash. Once I get tired (if I do) I will purchase the new Galaxy ACE PLUS, forget any other operation systems, Android Rules!!!!

I love this gadget although I did not used it due to compatibility issue to the country that I am going to for vacation. But I will highly recommend this to everyone.

Was not what i spect.

hi, I am purchasing this cellphone to use in Ecuador with the operator Movistar, will it work? i need a quick answer please because I will be proceeding to check out this item

Excellent phone, only problem is that the announcement of Amazon.com said HSDPA 850/1900 and sent me the version HSDPA 900/2100.Overall the phone arrived in good condition, delivery was quick.Excelente tel&eacute;fono, lo &uacute;nico malo es que en el anuncio de Amazon.com dec&iacute;a HSDPA 850/1900 y me enviaron la versi&oacute;n HSDPA 900/2100.En general el tel&eacute;fono lleg&oacute; en buen estado, la entrega fue r&aacute;pida.

This is a great phone for fantastic price with all features you need to call it Smart Phone,top quality and easy to use all over the world

The phone appears fine, but the instructions were only in spanish.  This has made it difficult to learn the operations and features of the phone.

El telefono funciona a la perfeccion en venezuela, lo utilizo con movistar y levanta el 3G sin ningun problema, el unico detalle es que tiene poca vida util la bateria, sin embargo dura 1 dia completo, se recarga por las noches y listo!. Recmendado

Works very well. Good CPU speed despite relatively low price of phone.I am very satisfied thus far.No mini SD included.Looking forward to using it in Denmark in August. Will let you know if everything's okay.

It a good phone for the price. Its small and handy and fits right into your palm. It came with the latest Android OS of that time.

Buy the phone on June 7, 2012 and five months latter,  is having problems with the screen, now will not start.

This has all the features that she didn't have in her 2+ year old Samsung phone. The swipe text feature is very nice.

The phone is fine and it's serving it's purpose. The only problem I have is that it comes with only 4gb of ram. The ability to add memory is helpful

I bought it for my mom, and she is really happy with it, because she can see well the letters of the keyboard and it is easy to manage. With a 5Mp Camera she is all around taking pictures of everything and she is grateful for not having to turn on the computer to check out e-mails or social networks, gets directly to the phone. The only thing bad is the low battery life, but everything else is really good.

Excelente telefono, lleg&oacute; a tiempo sin ninguna complicacion y hasta ahora a funcionado perfectamente aqui en Venezuela con l&iacute;nea movilnet.

Good phone for the price. Pros : light weight, good screen visual even in sun. Cons - discharges fast ; low speaker volume

I bought this Samsung phone after being tormented by software problems from my Nokia phones. This is my first phone from Samsung and my first phone from any other brand apart from Nokia. But I am very happy with this purchase. Great phone. Good battery life.Different apps are running good and easy to use. I will recommend this phone.

Great compact device. Is not your typical big display, but is really easy to carry around.Friendly interface; however, I did had issues with accessing and reading the drive at first.(That's why I gave it a 3 star, but it should deserve a 4 or even 5).I plugged the usb to y PC and it was reading it as a &#34;drive&#34;, and couldn't add music another things, so I installed the Samsung Kies program(sort of Itunes for Iphone), and thatdid the trick. Now...I don't use the program for uploading stuff, I only create folders andname them(Music,Pictures,etc), that way I just drag and drop, it's easier and faster that way,even better than something like Itunes. You can also create playlist and all that stuff.

I recently bought 2 of the Galaxy Ace as gifts for family members who were just starting out with smartphones.  This phone covers the basics, you can send and receive calls along with messages, most applications I checked are compatible with the phone, camera is ok but not great.  I am a self proclaimed phone junkie so I would never have this phone for my personal use but if I was starting out, this would be the phone to get.  The biggest limitations keeping this phone from being great are the following: Single core,  overall speed of the phone is 800 MHZ, internal memory is 0.158 GB.  However, the phone will recognize up to 32GB's of storage but you will probably need to root your phone in order to move apps to SD card.  The other disappointment which does not impact the performance of the phone was the size of the phone.  I don't know if it was small or if I am just used to big phones.  I would definitely buy this phone for my kids (both under 9 years old) as a starter phone but that's about it.  If you want to know all the specs they are here -&#62;http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-Ace_id5145

me encanta mi nuevo telefono, muy bellos, manejable, es muy practico, la camara es excelente, la resolucion ni se diga, lo recomiendo cien por ciento

I think it is a very good phone for the price. It has lot of utilities and apps. I use it in Venezuela and it works wonderful.

fue descrito igual a la pagina, la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del pantal&oacute;n fue el indicado rapido

I am really very disappointed with this phone because its battery don't work  even for half an hour. If I open some applications like camera or video recorder the get drained within 15 min. I am never gona buy any product from Amazon. It was a my worst online shopping experience with amazon.

"Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version"First of all the product cannot be international. In order to any cellphone/mobile phone to be international it has to support these frequencies GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz. Please do keep in mind. You can convert international plug to respective countries standard, however you can't convert the frequencies to other unless the phone supports. In my opinion the title is very much misleading and incomplete. I will not buy this product unless the technical specification is complete and details.

RAPIDA LA RESPUESTA, TIENE LO QUE ESTABA BUSCANDO, LOS PRECIOS SON ACCESIBLES, EL PRODUCTO ES NUEVO Y ESPECIFICAN EL PRODUCTO

Wrote the seller and informed the seller the phone is not locked, I need the network access codes and the phone codes.  The sellers response was:  ( I will see what I can do), this phrase was sent to me a week after my initial request,  Since this there has not been a response from the seller.  I recommend everyone to quality check all phones that is suppose to be unlocked,I ordered this phone because I am in Afghanistan,  Now cannot call family unless I go to phone center.  Primary usage was for interation with family member in United States.

Hello, BUY this phone because it said it came UNLOCKED, CURRENTLY live in Venezuela and the phone came in 3 languages &#8203;&#8203;(English Canadian, French and Chinese) and to insert sims card I lifted the Signal. What I can DO? Thanks in advance to anyone who can help me.

good phone usable in venezuela, excellent product,arrived in perfect conditions, and is just what I needed, i say good price goos product

I love the features on this phone!  touch-screen, internet, touch screen access to so many things, speaker phone, clear sound etc.  It has so many features that I am still working at figuring it all out!.  The only downside is battery life.  It needs to be charged daily.

I live in a very rural area with very limited signal. It has been a nightmare because we need to be able to communicate on the far flung areas we farm. I did enough research to find out maybe a Quad phone would be the answer.It IS!!I have four bars!!This phone can go loud if you need it to. I have problems hearing my phone because it is in my purse. I can't normally get signal at home, so I only use it in town. Now I can use it to call for help when I'm stuck.This phone is easy to use and has tutorials to help understand features.If you've got a bit of hearing loss, this one is clear as a bell.I can talk to it to dial the phone.I can talk to it to get directions like a GPS unit.I can talk to it to send a message, take a note, or well, I don't know everything yet. I've been neglecting other things to play with it all morning. The MOST awesome phone for an idiot to use. That would be me!Be patient with yourself if you get one of these. You'll be stepping into the future.I took back an Apple 3 because it was harder to use.And the phone was not only inexpensive as cell phones go, but was very quickly delivered--2 days--to the middle of a wheat field in SW Kansas!!

I choose this rating because the phone performances well and as promised (wifi works fine and etc.) (+1 star)What I like about this product is that it is easy to carry around with little worry, the size of it fits any pockets, and the price is decent. (+2 star)What I dislike about the product is that in the title description it says unlocked phone but mine came as locked. Might be an error on the sellers part but I was too lazy to go through with returning it and waiting again so I purchase an unlock code myself which costed more money (so the -2 stars)I would not recommend this to friends cause I don't want them to go through the extra hassle that I had to get my phone working.

I just bought a third because I had two other ones stolen. I was thinking of trying another phone but decided I'd go with what I know and like.I actually love the phone. I used a Galaxy S for a while and thought it too big. This is the iPhone copy that has more screen space, less weight and softer feel.People talk of battery life but if you don't have constant updates of all your things (Facebook, email, etc.), I have had my battery last 4 days with not much use (some txting, calls and emails), 2 days with heavy use. I use my phone to call and txt, WhatsApp txt, and check Gmail; I'm not a Facebook maniac, play games (except chess), and have to be constantly checking it; nor do I browse that often on it. I use it to calculate things, unit conversions, read newspapers, translate languages.But you have to take care of your (any) battery: over charge the first charge, you don't let the battery die completely (turn off before that), and after it gets to 100% charge, you disconnect the charger. Anything else you'll kill how long the battery will last.Never thought that I would worry that much, but the camera is great for just 5MP, taking great, vibrantly colored photos. The flash is very strong and works great with a Flashlight App. I love the panoramic shots.You do have to buy the correct version  for your country to get the 3G features. The phone will work, just not the 3G aspect. I'm in South America so this one works for me.All told I'm happy I didn't move to another phone and stuck with the Ace.

I am really unhappy.Is not international if only comes english and french.This was information not available in the sellers page. I have to find out by my self. Once I got the products.

I bought the phone because it said it was unlocked and it would work worldwide, turns out that the bandwidth that the phone can detect does not support the 3g network in europe, at least in Germany where i live.  I bought it expecting it to work properly and here it can only detect gsm signal.  So all of the features on the phone work slower and i can't really use it like i wanted.  So if you want an international phone do not buy it, if it is for the states i guess it is ok!

Excellent cell phone. it can be rooted, and install any ROM for this phone wha do you want. Only one limitation: internal storage, too small 188Mb. You can download an app (link2SD) to move the apps to a SD (recommended 16 Gb)and store only the apps that comes in SYSTEM inside the phone's memory. there are a lot of functions to be discovered in this phone. I know there are one ROM by cyanogenmod that can be installed, (JB). I recommend 2 batteries and a wallcharger.AAA seller, Excellent product for the price. Thanks AMAZON MARKETPLACE.

Excellent phone... everything from hardware to software works perfectly...I recommend this phone since it's a great option for an excellent price.I bought this phone to be used in Costa Rica and it works great with two of the biggest carriers ICE and Claro.

Its a fantastic phone.Extremely light wet with wonderful colors and impressive audio quality.I bought two of these for my parents.

El telefono esta en perfectas condiciones tal como los ofrecenTodo esta en orden, funciona perfecto para movilnet.El precio esta bien economico

el producto llego a tiempo y esta como dijo el venededor excelente producto, el vendedor es 100% confiable y recomendado

muy buen producto... lo traje a Venezuela y trabaja excelente con la tecnologia de Movistar. lo recomiendo. el software es excelente tiene muchisimos programas compatibles

Nice phone to have it in your shelf. Having good features and lighter weight to carry the phone. Best Economy phone.

This is an excellent little cell phone. It's a little smaller than the iPhone so it goes into your pocket a little easier. The image on the screen is very clear, and it has a flash on the 5MP camera that many other phones of this sort lack. Its battery goes quickly, but my sister has a different model android (Motorola I think) with the same problem, so this seems to be common with these phones. Androids are great! Lots of free and inexpensive applications that are useful everyday. I would recommend to a friend.----After several months of use, I must now add a qualification to this review: Samsung customer service is definitely sub-par. It seems this electrical giant rushed into the global smart-phone market but did not adequately plan for customer service on a global scale. The phone I purchased here is not even listed on software downloads and updates at many of the Samsung web-sites, despite its popularity. If problems arise, you can expect to spend many hours scrolling through Samsung web-forums to solve them. A major disappointment!!

Almost no signal anywhere !!! i was very disapointed that this fancy smartphone  has almost nowhere signal. so useless for me. at home there was only outside on the porch one bar signal and the calls dropped off very often.i used it one week and sold it , got back to my Nokia brand which has signal everywhere and were easier to use.

Its a good model with a older android version. Was able to connect via WiFi immediately and recognized T-Mobile pre-paid card.I purchased this and 3 Sony phones from Amazon. Found following model from Sony more elegant and clear in resolution.http://www.amazon.com/Sony-ST25A-BW-Unlocked-3-5-Inch-Touchscreen--U-S/dp/B008D09MT4/ref=sr_1_cc_2?s=aps&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1351960555&sr;=1-2-catcorr&keywords;=Sony+Xperia+U+ST25A-BP+Unlocked+Phone

I bought this for a trip to Spain, and was sorely disappointed. A terrible screen (the pictures in the listing seem touched up), an unstable OS, and barely enough on-phone storage to run the apps it comes with, including some ridiculous storage-hogging DRM apps. I could not get some critical apps like Facebook, TripIt, and Chrome to work on this phone because they all use up too much on-phone storage...even when a microSD card is installed.This phone was so unworkable that even after trying to install several third party Android ROMs, I gave up and bought an LG phone instead.

Was bought as a present for a 18yr old cousin. So far she is happy cuz this is her first smartphone.

It worked great, but it did not meet the international requirements for China. No Chinese language available for this phone.

Serious company, the team reached better than I thought, is the latest operating system Android on the Samsung Ace, I congratulate and highly recommend them, five stars for them.

I bought the phone and gifted it to my Aunt in my country. But the phone stopped working just after 3 weeks time. It put me on a shameful condition. As it is used in Bangladesh I cannot return it and cannot claim the warranty. I will not recommend this phone from this point of view.

Funciona genial en Venezuela tiene se&ntilde;al 3 g con movilnet recomendado y excelente el producto!!! Gracias por la rapidez en el envio

excellent product, arrived in good condition. very well packed and in time. very good phone for the functional and beautiful design

This phone is very good unlocked phone. I am very happy with this phone. It has every smart phone feature. Mostly the GPS function helping me a lot. ...The phone has all the facility that i-phone has. So as a cheap phone this is a good phone.

A major flaw in this phone is the internal memory. It only has 181mb available. SO I put in a 8gb micro sd card, but still receive warnings all the time that my internal memory is full. Ridiculous. I've tried moving apps to the sd card, but some must be on the phone and this prevents me from installing many of the apps I'd like to use. I would not recommend this phone.

I received this item damaged. How can I get my money because I feel I was stolen?  I put some simcards into the pone and it not work.

well was easy and fast so nice job. thanks for this amazing product. im happy, see ya soon bye bye

This was a gift for my sister-in-law, she loves it, I checked it out after she opened it and it looks great, I'd recommend it.

This phone is okay. I got it for my dad who is a french speaker. The language setting on this phone is very limited. Only englush, spanish, portuguese and korean i think. No french which is unbelievable

I am from Viet Nam, and I bought this one. I think it is an Unlocked World Smartphone International Version so it works well in my country. I did put some Sim Cards (both in the USA $ Viet Nam) into it but it require: enter network lock control key. I contacted the seller but they did not reply me. I do not know what happened and I really feel very disappointed. Who can help me?.Thanks

worth for money, good touch screen and 3.5 inch display.worth for money worth for money worth for moneyworth for moneyworth for moneyworth for money

This phone does not come with any memory. when i tried to take picture first time after buying, it was giving me message that you do not have space. what a crap. I hate quality of display screen.

Loved phone ... Had no problem Loved not paying high cell phone companies pricesWorks well lighter then I though ... and Camera on phone really take decent picturesGlad I bought it

The Samsung Galaxy Ace is a real pleasure to use.  It is relatively small and light making it easy to carry.  The display is very readable even outside in the sun.  Call reception is very good and voice clarity at either end is very good as well.  Auto rotation lags a bit and sometimes needs a little prodding.  Battery life is great.  The camera is good with resolution and clarity more than acceptable.  Picture colors can be a little washed out as the auto white balance sometimes has trouble.  I've taken to Ace to Germany and Austria and had not trouble connecting overseas cellular services.  Very seamless.  To date I have not been able to wirelessly connect to my home network and download/upload files.  I must connect via USB and use the Kies software which is really clunky.  But I'm still learning.  Overall, I am very pleased with the Ace and would highly recommend it.Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version With US Warranty

Gran smartphone para el precio, excelentes prestaciones, super liviano y con un muy buen procesador. Me sorprendi&oacute; gratamente el hecho de que aunque en las especifiaciones del producto dice que trae Android 2.2 realmente vino con Android 2.3.6 y anda muuuuy r&aacute;pido.En cuanto al env&iacute;o fue inmejorable, incluso m&aacute;s r&aacute;pido de lo que esperaba.

How do you rate this product?v  very  good, thank. within expectations. all ok. It's a good phone. Maybe buy another if I go back to get a good price.

Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 US 3G 850/1900 5MP / WIFI / GPS / Touch Screen Unlocked World Smartphone International Version With US Warranty

We live in Costa Rica and the phone works very well here.  It is compact, light weight and easy to use.  Would recommend it to everyone.

I bought this about a year ago and just replaced it with an iPhone.  It's got a nice screen and it does have flash memory. HOWEVER, in order to get the phone to completely run off a memory card you must jail break it.  My biggest heart burn with this phone was that when I reached the max of the cell phone's internal memory (easy to do) it would actually REJECT text messages and emails.  That was the deal breaker!  I didn't have the time to figure out how to break it, and replaced it with a 16GB iPhone 5.  I am MUCH happier!!1

The phone is perfect for mid-level smart phone users.  I love the Swype function on the keyboard. All the functions one could want at a good price.

I bought 3 and the 3 cell phones work perfectly,Are international version and unlocked, which is perfect because i'm in Venezuela. I love it.

It was a little difficult to figure out how to use it at first and trying to get apps and everything stored in the SD card instead of the phone.  There was nothing on the description on Amazon stating that this is a Canadian product and does not have a valid warranty in the US.  Otherwise, this is a good starter smart phone and I like it a lot.

Got this phone in September, worked fine for the first two months, then the phone started acting up. Now it wont come on. It went completely dead .Have taken it to several mobile technicians and they all said the same thing &#34; sorry can`t do anything for you  mother board is gone &#34;.Now i am stuck with this dead phone. I would encourage all persons to stay away, far away from these sellers.
