
Update:  1/10/2012The Ace revived itself after a few hours and then worked normally for about a week, then it went stupid again (as in dead.)  Again it "woke up" after a few hours of downtime.  Maybe it was on a coffee break or something ;-) .  Back to the wireless store it went and we "super sized" the Ace into a Nexus S.  The Nexus S is *extremely* impressive - nice size, great screen, good user interface.  I think I've been playing with it more than dear wife.=============================================The Ace was my wife's first smartphone (I have an iPhone) and she wasn't crazy about having a phone that does more than make phone calls, so it took a little nudging to bring her into the light.  Unfortunately the light went dark ;-)While we bought the Ace from our local cell provider, I wanted to share our experience with the phone on Amazon since I rely on product reviews here to make buying decisions.I *extensively* researched the Ace on the Internet and it seems to be much more popular outside of the United States - there were relatively few reviews from North America.There are three primary and consistent complaints about the Ace:1) poor battery life2) lack of storage (memory)3) early deathBattery life needs to be managed.  Turn off WiFi, Bluetooth, minimize playing games, etc.  Lack of storage can be mitigated to some extent by the use of a memory card.  Early death - it goes back to the store.Personally, I think if you buy this phone without a full warranty, you're completely nuts or don't value your money very much.On a positive note, the call quality of the Ace was quite good if maybe a touch on the loud side.  Phone ergonomics were good and whatever version of Android it was running (I forgot) was easy to navigate around.

I purchased this phone from Hassle Free Cell!! The phone was as described.. It is unlocked!  I live in Barbados W.I, on arrival i placed my sim card in and wha la!!! No issues, it works like a dream.  Now everyone wants one. lol  I love it!! Excellent android entry level phone.  It came with Andriod Froyo, I was able to upgrade to Gingerbread.  T

The Camera is just powerful and wonderful! The mobile is just great, I enjoy using it and I access internet with it.

I got my phone today. and everything seems to be works amazingly well.Thanks for the adapter for the charging cable.

IT IS A FAKE PHONE I REGRET THAT I BOUGHT IT AND SEPNT $165 ON IT...I HOPED THAT I WOULD BE OF A GOOD QUALITY BUT BASICALLY ITS FAKE

It was an excellent decision to buy from amazon, I save money and the phone has all the features I expected.

The previous reviews were helpful and the product worked out of box. Only problem was that preset language was Spanish so it took a while to set to English. Works with my AT&T, Digicel and Vodafone SIM's (why I needed unlocked). So now only care one device wth me and change SIM as needed.

I have used this phone for about three weeks. It's great. I have not found any problem till now. I saw from the other's comment that it will shutdown itself sometimes. But I have never met this problem.

Phone is so horrible its should be discontinued. FGS trading is horrible seller as well. The phone was $180 US and it didn't last long. It first started with the software issue then finally the wear & tear charging issue. FGS trading is horrible, not polite and not professional. Don't buy this phone or from FGS trading.

This phone has turned out wonderful. Not only is the design sexy and slick, but also, the Android OS is very stable and formidably adaptable and customizable. Samsung phones are one of the best choices out there and this one proves it entirely! Very recommended! D.R.

works right out the box,i inserted my simcard and everything was there and ready to make phone calls.Even came with a 2 gb.memory microSd card.usb cable.wall charger.I am very happy with this phone.

I'm a first time user of smartphones. My phone before this one was the 1st blackberry pearl :( so naturally the phone has met all o fmy expectations. The absence of flash in the internet browser was a disappointment but I already knew the phone didnt have this feature. So far my only problem has been the SOD but I learned that this is a common problem among android/ samsung users (still not sure who's fault it is). other than that the phone is great. I did a head to head comparison with a friend of mines iphone 3 (i think) and my phone is by far better! also apps that i have for free on the android market requires payment on the Apple market so that was a major plus!!!! I live in that Bahamas so the lack of accessories for the ace is a let down (we're a black berry nation here) but like i said I'm loving it and no major let downs so far!

The Samsung Galaxy Ace is above my expectations.Altough cheap, small and with weaker processor it is a full fledged android phone.I enjoy very much using it.

I do not need to repeat everything of the previews reviews. It's a nice phone. Just as information, actually I received a phone with 850 / 1900 HSDPA bands. Anyway it is usefull to me in Brazil.

i have found the phone will not hold a complete charge. i have charged the phone to its full capacity,removed it from the adapter and allowed it to stand(NO USE) and the charge was totally depleted within a 24 hour time frame. This phone was a replacement for a previously owned s5830eublk,that was return for a cracked screen.incidentely,that phone worked perfectly.

Super

The phone is really good, but the battery is the wik point, because if you use all resource that it provides, you have to re-charge eatch 3 days.

I bought two of this product, one for me and one for my wife. The phone is great... when it works!My phone turns off by itself a few times a day. Even when the battery is fully loaded. I have upgraded firmware and read every support forum out there. No luck.The second phone is even worse. First of all, the touchscreen had serious trouble for a few days. The phone was not usable. This issue got solved, apparently by the firmware upgrade. Then, a couple of weeks later, the speaker went completely dead. This means the phone doesn't ring, alarm clock doesn't work, speaker phone gone, music, everything. I found out that a lot of people are facing this exact same phone with Samsung phones.

charge it again and I sent him and damaged the headset used to listen to the call I have to use hands-free

I received this item (Samsung S5830EUBLK Galaxy Ace Android Powered Smartphone) around February. The condition of the phone was clearly stated as NEW on amazon.com. What I received, was an open box, with a phone that once turned on, was full of pictures and profiles (hotmail, gmail and facebook) that belonged to a french woman. The phone had not even been reset! By the time I received the phone I had to go on a business trip, so I just reset the phone myself and used it as I urgently needed it. I havent been able to post til now. But  I am terribly dissapointed on this service and to me Hassle Free is not a reliable company at all. I know for a FACT that I received a STOLEN PHONE which was sold by them as NEW, so be careful what u buy from them!!!!

I ordered this item and then after a day I found out that Google Nexus(Released a year back than Galaxy Ace) topped this device with its specs.  However, it had already shipped and then after i laid my hands on this I did not feel like returning it. It looks good!Galaxy ace is just like an Iphone, not specwise but otherwise! And it works just fine. This is also my first android and so I have been on a learning curve. After about 2 months of buying this, I still discover something new from time to time, sometimes a feature that I wished was on the phone! So, a nice ride so far.As for the apps, I dont like the preloaded apps on it and there is no way I can change that(Unless I root it which might be risky). So these apps take up a lot of RAM.The RAM is 279 MB, You dont get a free SD card, you have to buy one separately. The camera is a decent 5 MP(only on the back) and capable of taking great shots even during the night(ya, theres flash!) but I would have liked a dedicated button for it(you have to use the touch screen to take pics, Kind of inconvenient).Overall, a good phone. But, if you dont want something which looks like an iphone get the google nexus. Its specs are far better for the same(or lower price).

This is my first real touch phone and first exposure to Android therefore I am still learning all of its tricks, charms and flaws. I am quite pleased with the design, feel and functions. I must confess, I'm a Samsung fan but I moved to this from a Nokia E71 which was rock solid functional with excellent battery life but the online experience was a bit clunky and limited by the screen size. Now I have far more screen real estate and online connection is seamlessly smooth with no pauses to ask permission etc.Phone is quite light and I'm a pocketer not a belt clipper. On the lookout for a spare battery. Love the Android Market. Heard a lot about Swype but haven't tried it yet. Only irritation is Bluetooth seems to disconnect occasionally from my BlueAnt S4 handsfree set or vice versa. That never happened with the E71.A very good midrange Samsung Android on the way to Samsung Galaxy S if that is your ambition.

After a few minutes with the phone turned on the signal is lost and never recovers. Factory reset the phone but the same thing happens again.

Excellent Android smartphone. Unlocked. European model. Rogers SIM card works no problem. Good value. Lots and lots of Android Apps available for free! I resent having to pay for apps - ie iphone, ipad - they nickle and dime you for apps!

This is a very nice Android (Gingerbread) phone with capacitive screen from Samsung.  It doesn't have all the useless preloaded apps that are tied to a carrier that consume battery power.  Use this phone to take advantage of Google Maps (and the like) would be suffice.This phone will -not- work on AT&T; 3G network, only GPRS/Edge.  There's another model of this phone that will work on HSDPA 850/1900 MHz.

I'll try to be objective here in this prelude.This is a product targeted at those who don't expect much from a smartphone.If you didn't know about the disparity of effort put in by Samsung between their high-end and low-end products, the Samsung Galaxy Ace gives you the rudest possible awakening. Very slow processor for its era, volatile battery life and general inability to cope with the demands of ICS made this the most regrettable smartphone purchase I've made. All of these are relatively forgivable until I realised the tiny internal memory, which couldn't support more than two widgets and a couple dozen apps before refusing to accept SMSes on the grounds of no more space. As a spiteful kicker, mine wasn't even compatible with Google Chrome.Its redeeming features are the ability to talk and text reasonably well. Sadly, I can do the same on a $30 old-school Nokia.

It's an Android phone that costs a bit more than 200 (at the time of order). Considering that it's a great phone.The resolution is HVGA (340x480), and while the screen isn't (by far) rich in details, paired with the digitizer (I think that's the name of the capacitive input piece) it provides a very nice touch feedback. I mean, on some low-end phones, the touch feels erratic (I'm looking at you, Galaxy 5), but not on this phone: it's as sleek as it gets on a phone with its limitations. To sum it up, the touch feels very fluid, which is a surprise.The internal storage is _the_ downside of this phone. You will fill it in no time when you start to download many apps, even when you put all of them on the SD card (remember: it still stores some inside).The battery feels "OK". Granted, if you do any graphics/CPU intensive --- which is basically any game on this phone --- it will drain fast. But first of all, I don't think this phone is for people who want to game and also demand good battery life. It's a basic Android phone for those that don't want to (or can't) buy subsidized. It also has Gingerbread, which ensures plenty of life time when it comes to apps. And even after that, there are Ice Cream Sandwich ROMs for it (still buggy, give them time...). The phone is good as it is, but it's nice to have the option. If you use all your regular apps and phone calls, the battery will last. Battery is not a problem under regular use.Performance wise, of course there are lags here and there. Ice Cream Sandwich provided a lot of bells and whistles (in this case, a much more fluid UI), and this phone has Gingerbread only (with no official updates beyond that). And... the hardware is very modest. The most impressive stuff is that Samsung made a very good job on this and other phones: it's more responsive than stock Android (I've read about them adding tile-rendering to the browser and other stuff added only later in Honeycomb, not sure about that).The camera is definitely subpar. But it's expected for the price.Considering the price, I give it 5 stars. It's great for people that want a good smartphone and couldn't care less about future updates (it's good enough "as is"), all while paying less.

I bought this cell phone last week. There were different Samsung Galaxy Ace's here at Amazon, and I chose this one because I was going back from my trip and needed the cell phone to arrive at the hotel before check out.My complaint is not about the cell phone itself, but the company who distributes it. INSTRUCTION MANUAL AND WARRANTY CARD ARE IN GREEK OU RUSSIAN (can't tell the difference).I DID NOT RECEIVE A CHARGER OR EARPHONES. I received a box with the cell phone, battery, a white case and USB cable. Nothing else. In the description it says `` Wireless phone acessory``. If this means no charger, then the company should specify it.I don't recommend buying from this seller. There are other Galaxy Ace's here that cost maybe 10 dollars more, might take longer to be shipped, but will come with all the accessories it should and in English.

We very much like this phone, but I'm returning it.Turns out I can't get 3G speeds to work with T-Mobile in the United States.  It doesn't match the frequencies it needs for 3G and, therefore, only runs at 2G speeds.Otherwise, it seems like a great phone and we would have kept it.

I have had this phone for a week or so. Almost everything works fine out of the box.Android market is full of some good apps. Plus if you are adventurous you can build your apps with Android SDK. They have plenty of documentation and examples.Only issues so far. The battery seems to last (less as per my expectations) only for 1.5 days with little (1.5hour) wifi and 2 hour talk time (I use loudspeaker so this might be more if you don't) and 2.5 hours of games. Could not get gingerbread installed via Kies (might use 3rd party ROM flashers, Odin??,  which seem to be available in plenty)Note this phone ships from outside US. As advertised you have no warranty and US Samsung customer support won't help as it is a non-us device. So wrt tech help you might be on your own. Or buy the warranty version.Could not get GPS to work as of now. Need to understand all the settings.Pluses.. awesome screen with no lag. Android community for support and development.Love it and would recommend if you are looking for a cheap unlocked phone.Update:Got gingerbread update from Samsung using Kies, so no unlocking or rooting required (will have to see what happens for later Android upgrades). Now the battery has improved significantly. So no qualms for the money spent.  3G speeds from Att&t; in my area are decent, tried gtalk and youtube and multiple app download with no noticeable lag.And writing apps for android is fun!! Wish I had more money to upgrade to more powerful newer phones :(. But no regrets from this one so far!Update: Almost 1 year now after purchase. Upgraded the firmware to 2.3.6 (I know no ICS or Jelly bean). But it does make the phone feel more responsive and snappy.Loving it so far.

This smartphone, a samsung galaxy ace S5830, is a very good telephone. You can obtain all the things that a smartphone can offer you, for a very good price. I think that it is a good advantage.The telephone that I bought, came in perfect conditions with the battery, the original box, etc.; the only trouble was that the manual was in russian, but you can get it for the internet.I think that these telephone was made for Europe and for that reason it has many languages of these side of the planet, and I'm from Ecuador in Lationamerica. You can put the telephone in Spanish, but if you want to use the predictive text for messages you can`t find spanish in the options for that reason you have to write letter by letter for writting e mails, messages or use the wthasaapp, etc; for me it's a big problem and I had not found the solution. In the other hand the telephone is unlocked and I used it in Ecuador and in Espa&ntilde;a and everything was good.

I purchased the ACE for myself 8 months ago and it is so easy to use. It does drink the battery if you are doing alot of internet and application access during the day. All in all this is a great phone with good features and able to run all the Android applications. I love the WiFi because it saves on my data plan. My wife like my phone so much, I purchased a second one this week.

Wonderful product which was unlocked as expected. Generally runs very smoothly. the only issue with the phone is the fact that it occasionally freezes from time to time. However, the issue is not so persistent that it interferes too much. Overall a great phone.

I have yet to actually use this phone as I bought it for my travels.  However, prospective buyers should know that this version ships with an international charger that does not work with US outlets.  Luckily, I could use the USB cable and an old iphone power adaptor to charge it.

i have been using this fone for a week. so far so good. I hope it stays like that. the reason why i gave it a 3 star is because it 's a bit slow.

phone is really crappy, can't get most practically all of the apps bbm included. the screen resolution is terrible at best.

what a terrible phone. the graphics feel as if im looking at a Nintendo game from the 90's. if you need a phone to simply call or text, sure buy this. actually don't.

Phone is ok, being used as a back up phone when I travel outside of my area.  phone arrived on time is easy to operate. would recommend it as a backup phone.

So far, so good. I am still getting used to the phone which is my first smart phone.  It doesn't have a front camera which means no video skype calls, but I don't do those that often and the cost for that kind of phone is much higher.  So, for a relatively inexpensive smart phone, you couldn't do better than this version.  The one big negative is the battery.  Won't last for one day if you are on it all the time, but then, I don't know any smart phone battery that does.  For the money, you can't do better than this.

It's a nice phone, it worth the price, if you are looking for a nice affordable phone this is a nice choice

hi..i got the new samsung galaxy ace smart phone from amazon...its really nice...very compact size and cute one...(i)the display is amazing(ii)touch is sensible(iii)loaded with 2.3 Android version(iV)cute look and merely its the replacement for the iphone(v)moderate cost and worthOverall its 3.5inch screen is compact and best suited ..............

DETAIL IS THAT HAS VERY LITTLE INNER SPACE, NO WINE IN ENGLISH OR SPANISH LANGUAGE IN CHINESE YTUVE BUT THAT CHANGE THE SOFTWARE TO UNDERSTAND, THE OTHER PRODUCT HAS GOOD RESULT

I like this phone.I have used it for 16 months now and like it.Good phone.Internal memory is too small for a lot of appsToo many apps can slow down the phone

I have had this phone for a couple of weeks. I like it. It meets my needs, and works smoothly.I like to tweak the phone. For me, doing something to it (such as upgrading the operating system to Gingerbread) and having it not turn on properly, while finding the solution by browsing the internet, is fun. You have a lot of control over this phone.Pros:* Lots of control.* Lots of apps (not just the approved by Apple ones).Cons:* Even if you get a 32 Mb memory card, many apps will install in the phone's internal memory, which is severely limited. Then you must uninstall several of those (who needs a Facebook app when you can look it up on three different browsers on the phone, right?). Sure, you could also root it (become a super user) and remove apps you don't like, risking turning your phone into a brick, but that's not for the faint of heart.It is an entry level phone. The Galaxy S is a better match for an iPhone, because it has more internal memory. This is still a fun entry phone. I switched from the Nokia N95, and the only thing I miss are the voice directions when using maps. This is more accurate, has better routes, but will not tell me to turn in half a mile.

I got this phone yesterday and love it ! Came with a black and white back door, came with a free 2g memory card, and came with the update installed. I also love it because it is light weight and real fast. Don't like the internal memory could have been bigger.Also with my local cell phone provider I got Internet so really cool love swipe and just love the phone period.

Wary at first due to thew lack of servicing in the US I was not sure if to get it or not, but I decided for it and I can't be happier.  For those of you that can not read the language used in the little booklet that come with the phone. Don't worry, use the pics for the basic stuff and the go to the Samsung website and download the manual; is that simple.  Here the link: [...]I was able to pay less for the phone and since is unlocked I can use it with my T-mobile SIM cardl=. Since I didn't by the phone thru them, I'm not force to get their data plan, so instead I just added $10 worth of data, which is more than enough for me.The phone is great, works excellent. has good reception and does everything I expected and more.Those that have given bad reviews I believe have been just unlucky or have had a customer service from their sellers. This phone is great!

Well, its a good Android phone. It came with Android 2.3, what is fine. I will not talk about the system, only the phone.Galaxy Ace do not runs the most graphical intensive software like some of the 3d games, but its not a high-end phone anyways.The camera has a good quality, with flash. The video recording, despite the initial internet reviews, is NOT limited to 320 x 240, it really goes up to 640 x 480.The touch (multitouch) is flawless, no problems with that. The operations are fast 90% of times, the other 10% are lags that ocurr here and there.I have only two major downsides: first and most important, is the internal memory. A big part of apps still use a good chunk of phone memory instead of the sd card, and soon enough you will see your device bothering about having no space. It needed the double of memory.The other problem is the battery. Run a game and see your battery bar goes down really fast. The battery only lasts if you use it only as a phone. Using as a smartphone and at the end of the day you will need a recharge.

I bought this phone so I can have a decent android phone to use in the Philippines. Arrived in a very timely manner and it came with an extra white back cover!

I felt I chose the right phone. I am satisfied with my purchase and very pleased with the services. however I don't like the fact that the phone doesn't come with much internal memory. For one to really enjoy all the apps you need to get a memory card of at least 16GB.

It looks great but didn't get the chance for the intended person to check it out since this phone is not compatible with metropcs.

This is for my husband's work use and he loves it every much, being his 1st smart phone and all.  His office has Wi-Fi, while our home has Wi-Fi setup as well, so I don't see the point of paying big bucks for the data plans to the mobile service providers.  This phone detects Wi-Fi networks easily and works flawlessly with emails, texting, and other apps.  Yes, like other reviews, the little drawback is the battery life, yet we follow other reviews' advice to eliminate some power-hunger appts, so my husband doesn't even need to re-charge every day, depending on his daily phone usages of course.  All and all, the phone is light, small yet big enough to hold on, and everything works beautifully to our expectations.  We LOVE it.

This phone is great and performs as stated. It arrived within the week. I have had absolutely no problems with the phone. The Wi-Fi is great.

El producto cumpli&oacute; con las expectativas, c&oacute;modo, peque&ntilde;o y de f&aacute;cil uso. Funcion&oacute; perfecto con las operadoras de Venezuela. Good!

Nice cell. Very good value, light, camera is alright.I think the idea to take from this cell is good value. And it is closest to the top than the bottom of the cell pyramid

I like this phone, works perfectly with movistar (Venezuela), good screen and very friendly to manipulate... I want a s3 mini now!

OLD CELL AND GOOD. TELOFONIA THE SAMSUNG IS ONE OF THE BEST TECHNOLOGY AND THIS PHONE IS CERTAINLY ONE OF THEM

I bought this phone for my daughter. It is her first smart phone and she loves it. It was unlocked and works perfectly with our plan. I was nervous about buying a cell phone on-line but, we are both thrilled with the purchase.

This is my second android phone. It works great but when i got it, i was sent an international battery charger. Luckily for me, my LG phone charger fits the same phone.

el equipo en terminos generales es muy bueno, lo malo es q en la caja solo me vino cargador, deberia traer todos sus accesorios completos, manos libres,  memoria, compre dos equipo y trajo como sistemas operativos diferente parece q uno es mas actualizado peroo aun asi estan muy buenos

Excellent product, I liked the phone, it's worth the cost especially producuto, the only downside is the battery does not last long enough, everything else I recomiento.

It is very good android phone for the price... If you don't need more space or processor this is a very good option...

I guess there are newer, more powerful models, but this one is small, and pretty fast compared to other similar phones I've tested.  I like it.

Phone  should be unlocked. When received it was locked and had to pay $25.00 to have it unlocked. Not please.

I bought this product to replace my girl friends old phone. She just received it yesterday. Everything is good with the phone. It looks sleek and has a very simple interface. The only problem we have with it is that if we want to talk using certain applications ( Skype , viber , whatsapp ) the talking quality is very bad. The person who owns the ACE will have to talk loud and have the mic right up to their face. Now normally this isn't a problem , but when you want to talk and have to be farther away from the mic its very annoying because you will find yourself saying &#34; what did you say&#34;? over and over again. Hopefully its not the phone itself and its something else like internet connection or something like that. But if you are buying this phone to try and talk on free talking applications like Skype , be wary.

The manual with this phone is in some foreign language.  I finally called Samsung and was told this item is not backed by them.  It came from a foreign country and they couldn't help me.  I had to pay for return postage, because Amazon said it wasn't their fault.  Whose fault is it....it's not mine.  I purchase enough from Amazon, I think they should be nicer to me....

This is the worst phone I have ever had. VERY SLOW, has some kind of a repeated impulse to continue to bring up certain applications over and over again and not allow you to do anything. The only way to make it stop is to shut the phone off. I have contacted Amazon, Samsung, as well as the seller blutek and nobody can help me. They each say the phone is not in their system and to contact someone else. Very disappointed. I would not suggest ordering a cell phone off amazon. Especially not this one. Good Luck

It was the same phone I already had but the Chinese version, and not what I thought I ordered and I had to pay another 50 euros to get it. So not all happy.

Very fast delivery from Global Mobiles. The phone arrived with extra white cover, 2 GB sd card and bigger sd card adaptor to plug in the laptops card reader. The phone was covered up in plastic even the sides. I give it 4 stars because the phone arrived with Polish quick manual and preinstalled apps from some Polish web sites. I had to change the language in the phone menu. I like the way this phone looks, it's operational simplicity, the android free apps, the sliding covers on the side panels and the black cover that looks like carbon fiber to me. I can't comment on performance yet because I didn't test it with US GSM card but WiFi setup was easy. And people do not complain from battery life my other smartphone has to be charged every day even without heavy use so I think this Samsung has very decent battery life that can get even better with good app preventing the background apps drainage. Juice defender or something similar do your homework people:)

el telefono llego sin ninguna novedad... gente muy responsable. el telefono es muy bueno y muy bonito... lo recomiendo para aquellas personas que busquen un modelo completo y economico...

Sometime ago I got fed up with my iphone 3g, especially with the fact that Apple let me upgrade the system to iOS 4, which was too heavy for the phone and made it quite slow and almost a paper weight. Another reason was the lack of a file system sort of thing, to have direct access to my files. To top it off, this messy and buggy change from Mobile Me to iCloud did it for me.Then I got a Samsung Galaxy tab 8.9 that I am very, very happy with, and which I find much better than the ipad, so I wanted a simple android phone to go along with it, and decided for the Galaxy Ace.However, I am quite frustrated with the Galaxy Ace.Primarily, the battery just sucks. The phone doesn't last a whole day if I check the web sporadically, and doesn't last half a day if I am traveling and need to use a little bit of GPS, Navigation, and internet. That is basically the main thing!Another big thing is the display, which is also very bad and hard to see if I am outdoors in a bright day.There are also a few minor things I miss from my iphone (when it was working properly), like a better Mail software, a hard button to mute it, and a lock screen in which I could still easily see the time. The App Store by Apple is still much more reliable and the iphone apps are much better looking and don't have the amateur feeling like many android apps have.However, there are a number of things that I like about android, though, and overall I don't miss Apple, but it needs a better phone to make it worth it.I just ordered a Samsung Galaxy S and I hope it will be significantly better.

Overall my phone came pretty good, almost new. Although sometimes it had problems with calling and hanging up but it was still pretty good.

The price is incredible low for this hi-tech device, I simply recommend this to everyone trying to find a great phone, plus Android is the easiest to use operating system.

The phone works as it is advertised. I rated it with 4 stars because the user manual comes in Russian

I purchased this phone and I was very pleased at the first look.  Everything works great and as it was my first android experience I was really excited.  Nevertheless, it only uses 2G networks therefore navigation is terribly slow if you are using a data plan.  In Wi-fi it's really good but for the data plan it's a waste of money.. if your country has 3g or 4g navigation as Movistar in Ecuador, for exemple, DO NOT PURCHASE IT!!!  maybe the latin american version works, but as for this one, do NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  I just bought another phone and I'm stuck with this one, will try to sell it but I'm sure I won't get even half of what I paid!!!

I was looking for a smartphone with specific characteristics and this one was the perfect. I'm using my phone in ECuador and I only put Movistar chip and this is working now.

After a deep research on the internet about new phones, i decided to change mi Great Nokia 5800 for an android based phone.  Galaxy Ace was the best Cost-Benefit choice.  Big challenge for me to change my Symbian system, because use to be really stable and well done.  Comparing the experience with symbian and nokia phones as a reference, the change to Android is awesome.  You can feel the difference due to the best hardware set up... 800Mhz processor and 277MB RAM memory.  Both, SO and processor make a huge difference.Looks great, big screen (quick response, sensitive), Light, fast... really fast, with the android market ant thousands of apps, many of them free.Only one big issue:  battery life.  I have been trying to configure it to get the best battery performance, but until now... no more than One day using randomly the wifi to be synchronized and using the web.  For me, is not a big deal because i use to work close to my office, so i have the opportunity to recharge it during the day easily, but for those people working without an energy outlet close, and forced to use data connection all the time,  this phone will be a problem.  .  That is why i am not giving the 5 stars; but could be a nightmare for another kind of phone users. That problem is suppouse to be improved with the new Gingerbread firmware, which i am waiting for (samsung announce it few days ago).If you get this phone, charge the battery for the first time at leas 12 hours.  Does not matter if the phone announce the full charge, that issue makes a huge difference with the battery life.  For some reason, even with the full charge activated on the screen, the battery will continue receiving charge and increasing the usage of the battery.I am impressed about how easy is the synchronization with google software:  calendar, gmail, docs, etc and also with facebook and tweeter accounts to get information of your contacts.Very nice and powerful phone.

I bought it almost a year hard these days and it stopped working again practicamentre have to carry it fails to see that service has
