
I ordered a new iPhone from "One Time Cell" last week and when I received my phone I noticed that it wouldn't get fully charged so I took it to the Apple store. They connected my phone to their system and told me that the phone had been used three years ago. I was obviously shocked because I'd purchased the phone under the assumption that it was new (I paid for a new iPhone). So I called Amazon and they refunded my money immediately and I reordered a new phone. I got the phone today and took it to the Apple store to make sure it was new but they told me that the serial number on this phone had been scratched and someone had been using it in the past. So I called Amazon AGAIN and they refunded my money AGAIN and I'm gonna return the second one tomorrow AGAIN. This was really frustrating and I never recommend this seller to anyone. Stay away from them.

Amazon warehouse iPhone 4 for my wife cost less than my iPhone 4 purchased through Craigslist.The Amazon iPhone 4 was in better condition and a better $value than what I had purchased through Craigslist.Although the Craigslist iPhone OS software was already upgraded to 6.01, a major software upgrade requiringa complete re-install of all software APPS,  iCloud, and Facetime.Amazon iPhone came with OS 4.2 operating system requiring that I perform the complete software upgrade,  APPS,and settings reinstall myself,  thus  the 4 Star rating.If Amazon perform the OS software upgrades, I would have given them a 5 Star rating.

The quality of the iPhone I received was almost like new plus it came with its own otter box. It shipped out quickly as well. So I'm very satisfied!!!

We haven't had much success with used apple products, but I decided to give it one more go.  This phone is exactly as the seller described.  It works beautifully.  Most importantly, I have a very happy 15 year old whose iPhone 3 was seriously on it's last leg.  Her favorite feature is facetime.  :)

I bought this iPhone 2 years ago and I'm still using it it came like the info said and like the pictures I recommend anyone getting iphone 4 go hereI just now figured out the ratings and reviews sorry took so long get backWith everyone

This phone allow you to do anything you want to do. It's a mini computer in itself. Love my iPhone

You can't tell the difference with a new device, it's just perfect. Not even a small scratch, absolutely nothing! And it works great!Best purchase ever. Strongly recommend

This phone didn't work. It did not provide service when I inserted my SIM card. I took it to the AT&T store and everything.

I have one and my son had to have one. I have been supporting Apple since 1983 and they now have all #1 products. The nice thing about this is you have lots of options with AT&T.; We use the pay as you go plan, no 3g and we get online at hot spots which are everywhere these days. No need to spend that extra cash if you don't need to. The 4 still is new enough to get all of the upgrades from Apple too. All that I can say is that it is a great phone or as I sometimes call it my mini ipad. I use it more than I use my computer these days. I will make one recommendation, if you buy one, get "The Otter Box case" as it will save your phone from lots of damage and breakage.Apple iPhone 4 16GB (Black) - AT&T;After 3 weeks the camera stopped working and music would go on and off and loose calls left and rightI am sending it back

Works looks and my wife is very happy with it. Thank you. She won't go any where with out it.

i started using the  phone and it ok and stuff but the lock button did not work it came in a zip lock bag with a non working apple cable and i like it no other problem about it

I thought i was taking a risk on buying this phone. But i wanted a 4 so bad. I read most of the reviews after i ordered the phone. I was worried until i recieved the phone early . In good condition and is working in good condition

The phone came just as he listed it to be. It is in perfect condition and is a great phone.

The phone is in great condition and didnt show much signs of wear and was exactly what i was looking for

It was a pretty good item and not bad price it was a little scratched up but i can fix that easyly so

The phone I purchased had a problem with the home button.  I was able to return it and got all my money back

The phone was in great condition like the seller  explain,but some cons were the phone doesn't allow you to get MMS...truly upset switched back to my old phone within a week

the back screen was all cracked but i didnt worry about that because the phone was used but what i am worrying about is how the phone only came with the charging chord and not the oulet part another thing is the chager dosnt even work so now i have wait till tomorrow to get a charger and hope it was the chager and not the phone overall not so good

The phone was brand new in box new charger new and everything worked and still functioning well as we speak I'm on it now

I buy this second hand I phone 4 the looks is great but I'm just disappointed coz it won't work properly something wrong on calling somebody they can't hear me.

just received it, didnt see any scratches as indicated. operates quick, charger cord appeared to be new, i plan on buying two more..

The has a short battery life. I am constantly recharging. The phone take too long to power up.  I am strongly considering selling it and get another brand.

Great condition! In apple box with charger cord. There were no scatches too! This is a good option without a new contract as i wait for the i6

Love this phone! The merchant shipped it quickly. Packaged nicely. It came in a new white iphone box including the accessories listed plus instruction manual. Great price. I got it for a present for my 18 year old and it is in their hand all the time. I want to buy more from this merchant.

bought this for my brother. seems to be completely happy with it. it is an older version, but still serves it's purpose.

I've never had an iPhone so this was a huge deal for me, I took the risk to get a used one and I do not regret it, the seller gave me the phone with 4 more cables besides the original, original box with documentation, earpods, wall charger and even a black case. The seller even gave me the apple store bag. Thanks Hollywood Studio Gems!

I absolutely love the phone, the only problem I have is that when I call someone or receive a call the person on the other end can not hear me.

This phone came quickly!  It said it was &#34;like new&#34; and it seemed completely new--had the plastic on the front, etc.  It had no scratches, etc. We ordered this phone for my daughter and she was totally excited.  This came from the Amazon Warehouse and I would certainly recommend ordering from them.  It included the headphones which was great also.

The Button at the bottom has to be pressed very hard to get the phone to work.  I called the company and they said I would have to send the phone back.  I did not have a back up phone so they said the only other thing they could do is refund me $35 out of the $289.00.  I took it because I thought maybe it would pay to get it fixed but when I asked how much it would be to get it fixed they said starting at $64.

I love the iPhone, the only thing because nw the Sim card is smaller,great devise I send it all the way to Jamaica and in the process of getting myself 1 ( Julie)

The shipping on the phone was fast and timely. The phone works well, but acts slow sometimes. It is missing a screw. Other than those small things everything is cool.

wonderful

if you want a 100% functional phone, don't buy this one.  the phone arrives like a new, but the home button is not 100% functional. you have to push harder engough to make it work, it is annoying because you use the home button all the time.

I ordered this phone, thinking it practically new, but it ended up not even being the phone I wanted. It was the iPhone 4 in White, and it had a crack in it. Also, the battery lifespan was no good. I'm using it because I have no other option, but hopefully someone will call the seller out on it next time.

Bought the iPhone 4 for my wife to use on Tmobile 30 prepaid plan.  Phone looks brand new and works fantastic. Battery life seems pretty good too.

Bought this as a backup until I got iPhone 5. The phone was in excellent condition, without any scratches. like new.

Even though the shipping was delayed it arrived in good condition just as described. Ive only been using it for a couple of days but so far everything is working just fine

I wasn't able to afford a galaxy s3 or 4 or iPhone yet. I was so happy to see this deal. The used phone was pretty much new, no scratches working properly. The shipping was fast I just connected with AIO(great plan they have by the way). I am very satisfied. I haven't had no issues with amazon yet anyway. Love love the phone

Its affortable and there was nothing wrong with it at all; no damage, no scratches, nothing. A great buy. Thank you

I did not rate that high because the quality wasn't as good. I bought 2 iphones as an anniversary present for myself and my fiance. His phone- home button doesn't work sometimes and the camera phone has a crack in it so the pictures come out fuzzy. My phone- It worked GREAT at first, but one day I barely dropped it and it broke internally. No one has ever seen an iPhone break like that.  I ended up having to buy a new phone. If you don't mind spending money and taking a risk with your money then it's a great buy, or if you're not expecting a good quality phone.

I really like the phone it is very easy to use and can be cusstomized to anyone with tons of aps avilable.

I am not a HUGE Apple guy, but I can't imagine owning another phone!  This one was a replacement for the iPhone 4 that I lost while traveling recently.  My wife owns one of the Droid phones and she is NOWHERE NEAR AS HAPPY WITH HER PHONE AS I AM WITH MINE!  I plan on keeping this phone until I NEED a new one!!!!

Could not hear a phone conversation unless i had the ear phones hooked up. Played music ok. Everything else worked fine.

the phone is perfect. no scratches no cracks, nothing. it looks practically brand mew. thank you for this awesome phone!

It did not come with a sim card and I had to go to a AT&T store to obtain one!

This phone stinks. The screened cracks really easy. 3G is really slow. Didn't connect to WiFi anymore. Iphone 4 is trash.

I did not get headphone with this item and because of other reasons too i returned this phone, and i got back full amount. I am happy that i got my money back.

So far its being doing fine.

The home button doesn't work every few times, said it was like new which it is besides that. A little disappointed

Ordered for my son and he has been pleased with the phone. Bought a case for this one. :)Telephone was in good condition with no scratches. Actually better than the description.

I purchased this with the honesty on the sellar that the phone was unlocked and it was not.  It cost me additional $40.00 to get it unlocked.

The iPhone 4 was my maiden voyage into the world of touchscreen phones. Prior to that, I had a Palm Centro, and before that I had been a fan of Motorola's Razr phones (which are still some of my favorite). I was a fan of Palm's organizational apps, and the keyboard was great, but holy moly was it behind three or five years in terms of Internet compatibility. Still, the organization and tactile feel prevented me from switching over to an iPhone or Droid, not to mention the high cost of obtaining a data plan, though I had been following Apple's technological progress since the early 2000s.Nevertheless, once the iPhone 4 was revealed, and some final convincing from a relative, I made the switch, and I, like millions of consumer, can gladly say I never will look back.(Though I quickly will mention that I still miss the tactile feel of physical keyboards.)Because I have made it a habit to be technologically and gadget savvy, I already knew how to navigate through an iPhone, and had a long list of apps I wanted to download. Since I didn't own any of the phones before, I can't compare them hardware-wise, but software-wise we all can agree that Apple takes a few steps forward, but makes a couple bumps along the way.The first big feature to grace the iOS upgrade for me was the Notifications. I realize that many had been clamoring for this, and it was a welcome addition when it was released, but over time it has become quite cumbersome to manage with the different security settings Apple has included.I still use the iPhone 4 to this day, though mostly as a workout companion. It has a noticeable weight compared to my iPhone 5, yet I actually prefer it as it feels sturdier in my palm. And since I'm used to the iPhone 5 now, the iPhone 4 seems to perform a lot slower than before, especially with iOS 7, and the battery drains faster now, but it still manages to load all the apps designed for iOS 7. Not bad for a three-year-old phone.While I certainly like the iPhone 5 and its ability to store an extra line of apps, I prefer the squatter iPhone 4 for its size. It's easier in the hand, and it feels more portable as it takes up less room in my pocket.iPhones are nice to have, but I'm seriously considering a Droid next. Apple's products just aren't up to some of the competitors' capabilities in terms of gaming and customization. I love video games, and the iPhone has some amazing software, but their limitations only serve as a downgrade.Still, for the general public, I'd say Apple is the way to go.

does not come in box that is bad not wash brings to insert the sim card and cash are not nuebo are usedotherwise and binding to and release for Latin America if it do not work

I have a positive feedback, I`ve got what I expected, the Iphone is in a good condition and I`m using it with pleasure :)

it is a nice teleohone&#65281;when i uesed chinamobile sim card &#65292;i found the iphone is unlocked&#12290;what a surprise&#65281;i really love it&#65281;

It is really good condition and looks new. I like it. and I will recommend to my friends. Good one!

it was a good buy. It was not unlocked so I had to pay for a factory unlock, but it was a good buy

phone worked great for 36 to 48 hrs and just shut off in the middle of a call and will not come back on

Product was in excellent condition. I ordered this to replace the not very user friendly android phone I had been using. I will never have anything but an iPhone from here on out.

I want to return because is not unlockHow can I do it?Please explain to me.Thank you so much.

The iPhone 4 was everything I thought it would be and more. It was actually an iPhone 4s and it was in absolute mint condition.

This Iphone 4 was right out of the box &#34;new&#34;, not a scratch on it. Works just as if I brought it from Best Buy or At&T. My son loves it ,and the price was a great. No problems what so ever.

My mom liked it. The only thing is that the phone is locked. It costs about a hundred dollars for my mom to unlock it in China.

I write this as I sit here waiting on my iPhone to update for the umpteenth time, seems like IOS is starting to update just as often as Windows!An ironic point is that, it won't update over the AT&T; cellular network, and after trying to update unsuccessfully several times over AT&T; DSL, I am only left with the option of updating over the hotspot on my T-Mobile Android phone, which seems to be the only reliable Internet connection I have.Oh well, at least several people in China have jobs...

muy bueno el articulo, se los recomiendo. y se puede liberar en Venezuela que es lo importante. son gente seria.

This was my first time purchasing a phone on Amazon.  Was pleased with the price and selection.  Phone works well - have had no problems at all.  Will definately use for future purchases

The iphone is in great conditions as it was told on the details, thank you very happy with my order =]

The phone arrived in the time stated when ordered.  It was packaged in a bubble wrap inside of an appropriate sized box to prevent any damage to the phone.  They also included a charger and headphones (not the apple brand).  The phone was clean without even a scratch on it.  It looked brand new.  AT&T was able to immediately add a line to the phone.  I am planning on purchasing my mother the same phone and will definitely return to this seller if they have a white one available as I am truly impressed.

Received the phone inTack but the home key sticks.

It is fit my desire. It is also an excellent phone which has most of applications. Apple Iphone 4 16GB (BLACK) work good it is easy to use and carry.

It's not working well you can hear but they don't so the phone it's not good that's why ahi give one star

Seems to be perfect. I am satisfied with the purchase and seems to be in great cond. when shipped. A ok so far

The phone I had ordered worked for about 3 months then started to glitch. I took it to the Apple Store to see what I needed to get repaired and the man told me that the phone was a imitation model of an iPhone, basically a phone made of random other parts programmed to work like an Apple iPhone. It eventually ended up crashing and not working at all. Just be careful when ordering techs on here.

I was very skeptical about purchasing a used phone, especially an iPhone. But I found myself in a desperate situation to replace my old cell phone in a hurry. So I took a chance, hoping for the best, but expecting the worst. However, when I opened box I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised.The device is not only in &#34;good&#34; condition, as described by the seller, it suprassed my expectations! There wasn't a scratch on it and it looks and works like new. And it even came with the free case as promised. The delivery was speedy. In fact the package arrived lot quicker than I expected. All in all, I am very happy with my purchase. I would highly recommend anyone to buy from this seller.

I bought the phone for my teenage son for xmas and its awesome...no problems at all. Thanks so much he loves it!!!!!!!!!

I needed to step into the smartphone world for work and my ATT plan was not up yet.  I checked everywhere and Amazon had the best prices and the best guarantees.  This phone was in superb condition and I am loving it!

I've had this phone for nearly a year. Before it I had the 3GS, and before that I had a cheap flip phone. First, I have to say that Verizon does their best to screw over their customers - they tried it on me three times before I gave up with them, they called my mom a liar, and I left. Anyway, the phone is definitely an upgrade from the flip phone. A smart phone is worth the money if you have a reason for it. Even if you don't, there are tons of free games for it, and they are fun. Me nor my husband have ever had any problems with our iPhones. Sure, apps crash, but you don't have to worry about viruses like with computers. I highly recommend.

Got this phone because my android smart phone would only hold a charge for 5 hours.  On the plus side, this phone holds a charge for days, on the negative side, folks don't get my texts sometimes, or I don't get their texts sometimes, and it ALWAYS cuts my call off when I've only been talking for a few minutes.  Must just be my particular phone, my daughter has one and has no problems with hers.  I'm going back to my android smart phone.  This one is garbage, sorry I bought it.

It's really good,just like a new iphone,I'll take another one for my friend next time.I hope it would run well~

Works great, received this phone on the date that was published, but as soon as i got it the battery was not fully charged and the charger was not working so i received a new charger. Now the phone is in great condition.

The piece that I received was not a refurbished as they said, it was a used one. I was not at all satisfied with the product and returned it back.

Unfortunately my experience was not entirely positive with the product. It arrived still wrapped in its box and looked beautiful. After I went to the AT& T store got its SIM card and was already to go, I found out that the home button only works occasionally.  It is unfortunate for such a high priced item. I still love the Apple products but I am wondering whether buying direct from Apple or AT&T is cheaper and less hassle in the long run

After spending an addt'l $100 to replace the broken glass, once service was activated, we found out the owner did not remove his personal information and in order for us to do it, we needed his password. After several conversations with the seller, at the end of the day, he would not provide his pass  code thus the phone was useless.

Only problem is the home button and a few minor scratches but other than that the phone works perfectly fine!

He meet in a good way am happy about the phone is very good the person that use the phone use it in a good way

I am happy with this phone.It does everything I wanted it to do,Very happy with my purchase.Thank you.

I love my iphone 4. I've had it over a year and no real complaints. I would recommend jailbreaking it to get it up to full potential.

It can run the newest iOS. No Siri but I do not much care about that. The disappointment is that is just 3G and does not support 4G. Responds well, has Face Time.

Not a scratch on the product ,and shipped very quickly!

Ok so at one point you have to give credit for apple for staying on top of  everybody else. Apple is awesome you should buy the phone definitely

This is my first return on Amazon and it appears to be very easy.  As far as the product is concerned, its looks great but works terribly.  Clearly a defect of some sort...all well, will return and purchase a new one

I wouldn't have minded buying a phone with a dysfunctional charger, but I would have liked to know what I was purchasing upfront. Luckily, the charger of the phone I'm switching fits this phone - if not, I'd be a very unhappy man with a new phone and no charger. I do want to say everything else was perfect, and I appreciate the price.

I was in desperate need of a new phone and this iPhone/seller was one of the best and highly rated ones I could find. I got my order right on time and the phone was perfect. Brand new just like the description said! I couldn't be happier right now. I will definitely be recommending this seller and product if anyone is looking for a new phone:)

Fair over all..product work good no problem thank you I would grade you a plus. Of course I would recomended..

its just stupid to have CDMA & GSM, worst idea Apple ever came up with. this sucks!! definitely going with windows phone now.

I was showing the Iphone tu my nephew and then went blank and hot and no way to be turned of ... then it dies... I lost my money...I wish to have it back but how?&#62;??/

I love this phone. Granted I'm always near a computer or tablet the iphone is great when out and about. It's a user friendly interface and there are a ton of apps. The bluetooth is great too. I use a bluetooth stereo headset at the gym which allows me to play music while keeping my phone safely in the gym bag. Yes apple products a bit expensive but they are darn fun and good. No preinstalled junk apps.

this phone is in good condition but it dos not work properl the wi-fi is slow download is slow calling and texting is slow i would like to return it back and get my money back pleas

Llego antes de lo esperado el celular, muchas gracias.Recomiendo a este vendedor. . . . . . . .

This product arrived in box and with accessories that work! But we paid too much for this phone bc it continuously goes to the reboot screen! We are trying to find out how to fix this problem...but it is difficult!

I have been an iphone user since the first model and am a huge fan.  The most useful piece of equipment I've ever owned in terms of everyday usage.I had the iPhone 4 but not the 4s.  It is an extremely well made phone and would rate 5 stars except for the fact that the iPhone 5 is dramatically better in every respect but one.The actual phone reception (on ATT anyway) is much better on the 5 - it's LTE in many parts of the country and that's better than ATTs usual crap network.The 5 is significantly thinner and lighter than the 4 (not that the 4 is exactly heavy.)  It has a greater storage capacity (64GB) which means you can carry more stuff with you.  The screen is slightly larger without making it more difficult to carry - an extra row of applications.  A small but not insignificant advantage - especially for web browsing.But what really makes it better is the chip speed and processing power.  Browsing on line on the iPhone 4 is slow and frustrating.  But on the iPhone 5 it's very quick and responsive - a dramatic improvement that makes the phone and many apps much more useful.The new ear buds are okay but I'm not sure I like them as much as the old ones.  So sometimes I use the old ones.The new cable is much smaller and more convenient except that I have all the old ones (one is included).  Oh well, the price of improvement (they needed to change the connector to make it really thin.)The one knock against it is that the headphone jack is on the bottom instead of the top.  I hate that even though I've kind of gotten used to it at this point.  I think that was a mistake.So net net - this is is actually a great phone and you can get it for almost nothing.  But if you've got the $199 (or $127 at Wal-Mart) for the iPhone 5, I'd spring for it.  Given how much you'll use it, it will cost you about a 25 a day for the best.The only problem is that Amazon as of this writing seems not to be selling it.

I give it 5 stars because  its my first i phone 4 ever so all nice features keep it up apple company :)

I enjoyed this phone. It was in great condition and it works really well. I think that Amazon is a great place to purchase products because they have always treated me right. I would recommend Amazon to any body. It is convenient and I like it.

The iphone 4 was unlocked is a problem for me I had to take and spend more than they should excuse my English

The phone looks pretty good, it works properly, I love it and I would probably get another one, I am very satisfied

I have had this phone for about 2 1/2 years and my home button has been acting up and my power button has stoped working but its reasonable for how long i had it for.

This was a great deal on the phone. It works great and is exactly how it was described. Thank you so much.

this IPhone4 is very good,just like brand new.with a proper price,and I believe the quality of warehouse deals.hope next coorperation.

Phone came as described. And quickly. and they mailed it to my APO. Unlocked Via AT&T online chat. Works perfect for an older phone.

I love this phone so much it works great now  but a few days after I got it it broke and wouldn't turn on so I took it to the apple store and now it works great

this phone is locked to another AT&T network and does not accept a USA AT&T sim card this is very frustrating

it works I am very happy!

Just the home button does not work great. You have to push it kinda hard for it to work. Everything else works great though.

The phone looked to be in perfect shape. However after 2 weeks of use,  phone calls seem to have lots of static then would automatically disconnect.Unable to hear or be heard. Very disappointed.  In the process of getting a refund. No exchange was offered.

After a few minor issues, we managed to get things worked out., I thought I was buying an unlocked phone, it wasn't,  however the seller payed to unlock it and my step-daughter is happy with her birthday present

I purchased this iphone 4 16 GB as new.  Upon receiving it there were issues with it.  After contacting Second Cellular by email, I received a call within 10 minutes of the email and talked with Adam who was nothing but curtious and ready to make things right.  He not only replaced the phone but upgraded it and sent it to me within 2 days at no extra charge.  Wish I could give them 10 stars!  Being a caregiver for my mom and in business, when my phone died I needed something fast and Amazon and Second Cellular came to the rescue.  This company stands by its products and I will definitly use them again.  I turned to Amazon and the top raiting of Second Cellular and gave not only my business but my trust and wasn't disappointed.  You can trust you will get the product right with Second Cellular.  Thanks Adam for a job well done!  Stephanie (Atlanta/Florida)

can you help me to unlock it because it does not work in Venezuela. I await your prompt response thanks

iphone 4 is a great pjone . these reviews are what are stupid. you cant just give a rating and go on. NO that have to make it painful.

I love the product that was purchased thru amazon. I love the prices the fast delivery and the quality of the phone that I have now. Thank you amazon!! A+

I received  this iphone yesterday but I can not use it..the home botton is not working...the seller said it was working perfect and tha is not true..

The iPhone i ordered actually came a day earlier than it was suppose to . The phone is used but works brand new . I've had it for about 3 and a half weeks now and I have absolutely no complaints . I definitely recommend ordering from this Seller to anyone, very professional and prompt .

I have to say that i am happy with my iphone, i have received it and it was pretty much what the comments said about it!I am happy with the whole experience.

The phone was working fine at first but then we noticed cracks on the back of the phone . Then one morning i checked my phone and it was not turning on the only thing on the screen.was ios6 i took it to an apple store to see if they could fix the problem but they said it was a used item and there was replaced parts in the phone Along with missing screws. When i purchased the phone the statement said the phone was new thats the only reason why i had ordered it .

I got the phone early and was able to resync all my apps in short time, I was very happy to be up and running again with this phone , Thank you for quick service,

The phone was exactly how it was advertised, my son is very happy with this phone. Took it to AT&T and didnt have one second of trouble getting the phone activated for service. Minimal scratches and fast delivery. Awesome service

i bought a new iphone online and the camera has a white shadow on the  new phone and every pictures.

My iphone is very nice. I didn't expect that because it is amazing. It works fine. Many people like it.

Was pretty please with this. It was brand new out of the box. I wasn't aware this was a GSM iPhone. Oh well. I mainly bought this to use as an iPod.

If your an Apple customer you'll love it , just like new , no scratches or appearance of usage .Be sure to have your sim card ready for it ... Comes in box with all accessories needed.

How can buttons not be working I just got a new iPhone 5 and my iPhone 4 was working properly just dint want to give me the asking prices lame service

I bought this refurbished phone for my daughter for Christmas. We'll it worked great until the 30 day warranty expired.  After spending this kind of money not to mention the thousands of dollars spent with Amazon this was a total disappointment and recommend never to buy anything with Amazon that does not have a manufactures warranty . Shame on you Amazon!!!!

the device shap looked good but i have problem with the home key... it was bad, otherwise it was good

Great price, great service! Ships quickly and as promised. Recommend highly. Excellent!

The reason why I want ot at a one star is because I can not believe it costs that much.

Love the phone only 1 problem back camera doesn't work. Other than that I'm happy! Very reasonable price for what I received! Shipping was quick!

Sold the wrong color phone and was not an att phone like ordered. Had it two months and cant use it or unlock it. Very unhappy.

Love it.shipped on time . Was exactly as described.i have strait talk and this phone dose work with it. You will need to get a SIM card.

Its an Iphone 4 and it was in very good condition, well packaged and delivered on time but I ordered an unlocked phone and the one I got was not unlocked. It cost me $100.00 more before I could actually use the phone.

Loved it like new . Phone came in factory box with brand new head phones and charger. I would definitely purchase another. No scratches

item described in like new conditionit was in better shape than my other iphone of the same modelwow, great sale

To all prospective Iphone lookers,When i was looking for an Iphone 4 for my friend as a gift, i almost ended up paying about 350$+ for new one. At last i thought about giving this one a try and i must say, its worth every penny.First of, it looks 95% new, let me emphasize on that number. Battery is great, Screen is spot/scratch less, i found maybe a hairline scratch on the side less than few mm long, almost invisible from few feets away. Being a past ATT user, i was able to unlock it for free in about 7 days.On the whole, it was one of best Refurbished/Used i have ever bought for anyone. Never been much of Used electronics enthusiast but this purchase might change my view for future.( Lets hope not ) :)Cheers!

Bought from Amazon Warehouse Deals. Phone came quickly, and I was surprised at the great condition it was in when I received it. The &#34;cosmetic damage&#34; was negligible to the point that it looked like a new phone, even though the condition was rated as &#34;good&#34;. After a few hours of operation I noticed a significant problem with the home button and am sending it back. Going to try my luck with a different AWD iphone.

I am very pleased with this item. The phone arrived within a short period of time. It was in a great shape and the seller even included a nice case and a charger.

The item was sold as new, but when I received the phone it was easy to see that the phone had had its screen replaces. Not only that, the screen was poorly replaces and was moving. It was frustrating, since the item was supposed to be a gift, and so I had to find a different one at the last second.

This is my first apple product ever. I had been wanting one for years but this was in my price range. A lot of my friends have the 5 or 5s and all suggested I start with the 4 since they feel the ios system is better on it. The phone I got was used, but looks near to new. Only a few extremely light scratches that you can't even see when looking directly at it.

The volume of the incoming phone calls is too low. I need to use speaker to listen clearly to conversations.

Front screen is perfect, Lots of scratches on the back an home botton does NOT work. Other then that phone works well.

The phone does have some very minor cosmetic damage, you wont see it when the case is on and the home button is a bit stubborn but i'll change that soon.

I got this phone used. As advertised it had only minor scratches and it is totally functional. Great costumer support, answered within 1 day and really helpful!

Send it to my girlfriend to the Philippines and spent more to have it activated I thought it was unlocked I should have just bought it over there

It's exactly as was described! I love it! It looks brand new! Came super fast and the sender was very easy to communicate with! On top of that, it was actually a 32 GB phone. The price was more than a deal! I would by from them again.

I really like the phone, Thanks It came nicely with bubble wrap so it would not bounce around, again Thanks

Please I need to know how to find the key to download apps on my iphone 4 as Venezuela and buy it for when I go to the downloads me for a password and an ID

I can not unlock the cell. It was my fault. But none can unlock it. It was a very bad busyness.

Don't buy this product.  They will put an iphone 3 in an iphone 4 box, and hope that you are too stupid to notice.

Buy this cellphone as a gift for my wife, I like it because it is small and easy to use for her. The system uses the cellphone iphone is very stable.

The condition is just as listed to be like new and it works well. It is much better than my old device which was used for 2 years.

some of those refurbish phone have being open to the guts, and some pieces replaced with different kind of chinese brands.

Great product, the phone was in great shape and has had no problems so far. No scratches or anything, looked almost new to me.

The instructions are very difficult to  follow. I was finally able to get the battery charged and at least turn it on. Now I'm still trying to get it connected to my telephone service so at least I can make calls. Next , I'm going to try to get some better on-line help in continuing with set-up procedures. I'll also have valuable help from my Son who is a Senior Computer Scientist and my Grandsons, all of whom are very computer and Smart-Phone knowledgeable. As a matter of fact, I'm pretty computer experienced myself having begun with the very first Apple II+ and a long career as a Professional Architect-Engineer with major Aero Space and Defense Corporations responsible for Scientific and Engineering computer systems.One way or another, I'll get this thing working yet!

So far I enjoy this device does everything I needed it to do. I would definitely keep shopping with amazon

Phone waa a great purchase, was in great condition no scratches came in an iphone 4 box which was a nice touch.

Lasted a few months. It was good while it worked but then the phone turned off and never turned back on because the battery was bad.

The iphone 4 shipped quick and came with all accessories in the original packaging. The phone looked almost brand new but the home button did not always register. Ive heard that this issue is not that uncommon because lint and dust get trapped under the button. This was however a $315 phone listed as "like new" so I expected it to work flawlessly. This is my first amazon return but the process has been pretty easy so far.

A light scratch on the back cover of the phone, otherwise I would have given all 5 stars. Rest looks almost new.

Update, the camera lens was not scratched, it had a protective film over the lens that we thought where scratches. The phone works great, and was worth the money we paid. Sorry for my ignorance.

This product arrived quickly and I love it.  akjfa  al;djf;lka ajlja;dfjkj ajf j  lkjdf faldkj flkdj f kldajflk fakdjlfj dkjf

Does anyone know if this particular phone has a slot for a sim card? i have tmobile service and would hate to purchase this device and it does not work for me. Please someone who knows this for sure answer the question. It will be greatly appreciated.

I need you to do the reverse in a gift card not refund my card because those dollars are the only ones I had and made me lose that money because in my country we do not handle that currency and it becomes very difficult to acquire and I think a irresponsibility on your part shall carry out, then q let her buy it so long to inform you could not sell the product then q I would like my money come back in a gift car so we can make a new purchase on this page thank you very much and expect an answer as this seems to me a grave lack of respect for my

excelente buenas condiciones el telefono muy eficiente garantizado o o o o o o o o o o o ok

my iPhone 4 16GB came NEW as they said and as I saw when buying it online works great vary good price to been using it ever since it came in the mail I saw peoples views sayin they got uses phones and all this and that but the iPhone I end up buying from one eye mobile . came new in the box and all I paid $370 for a new Iphone 4 16GB and so will I'm happy with my order

The only thing bad about the phone was that it had a sticky home button which was not stated when I purchased it. Super disappointing.

Product was in good condition but was kind of dirty and the speaker seems to be going out other then that I love it.

The iphone came like in a week and a half and the screen came cracked and the iphone doesnt even work it stays on the apple

I received my phone on time, but, the phone has noticeable pixels that are moving on the bottom constantly. As if the phone had been broken at some point. Also, there was a circle of dim light cutting off the corners on my screen fully around the screen. Also, I had it brought to tmobile and found out that it was unlocked so that was a plus. THE WORST PART OF ALL WAS... I wasn't allowed to call people, my phone eventually after four months it stopped letting me call people. Another unfortunate error was that I couldn't send pictures to someone who didn't have an iPhone. So overall, you are better off saving your money and looking for a better seller, or goto an actual phone store. You really can't trust people online.

The phone was in excellent condition just as stated..works wonderful..I'd recommend the iPhone 4 to anyway, it's great, love all I can do

Great deal, came in time, had it for over a month now, works Perfect just like it should.. I guess I just got lucky this time..:/ but yeah,  good sell:)

If you're in the market for an iPhone, you probably have made up your mind, and this is as good as they always are.

My daughter really likes the I phone. It comes in very clears when talking on it. The camra takes very clear pictures. She has used it for about two months and no complaining she does. We are very happy!!

Just what I expected ,not the cheapest but need some thing quick to take over seas as a gift,good  condition

perfect! It arrived quickly and was exactly like the ad listed it.  It works perfectly and I couldnt be more happy with it.  Thank you

Purchased several as gifts. They arrived on time and were in good condition as the Seller had described.  Please note that none of these gift iphones were put on the carrier named. They went on the month to month plans offered at a major chain store that sold a package deal of buy the chip and get a month air time free.  Many months later they are all working fine. And the low budget carrier service is even better than my personal 2-year contract carrier.I plan to purchase more of these as gifts soon.

This phone is amazing for the price. My son broke his new zillion dollar samsung s4 or whatever. So, we got him a cool phone at at great (and maybe disposable) price.We will look to this shipper/store again if we need a phone.

I received the phone sooner than i expected, no scratches, decent screen, so that was a plus. Unfortunately the phone itself was kind of dirty doesn't work at top notch status. The home button is malfunctioning, i have to press it extremely hard for it to function correctly (hopefully it won't become a problem). The phone works slowly. . The charger is bent but works so no problem there. Shouldn't be described as &#34;Like new&#34; because it wasn't &#34;like new&#34;.

I fine this phone to be very well made, and it's loaded. I had a android phone before my iPhone, if I had to rate the difference I would pick this phone first. This phone is much more sophisticated, but people friendly.

Bought the refurbished iPhone 4 after son's iPhone 3 was stolen while still too early for inexpensive upgrade from AT&T.  While I expected minor imperfections (e.g scratches on case), I did not expect that the ear speaker on the phone did not work at all.  My son can only use the speakerphone setting or his earbuds while making a call.  For the money spent, I expected this part would be working.

Hi, I bought this phone used and all together wit shipping it came out to be $133.00. This is the used black iphone4 16gb! Shipping was fast! To say this phone is used its in excellent condition. I mean i really almost tell that it was used. Seriously! I have service on it wit at&t and everything seems to work fine! The only lil nic is that the you have to push the home button kinda firm in order for it to work. Its not really a problem now and i just hope that it doesnt become one in the future! Over all Im satisfied!! This is great product for the price!

I believe I bought this used for my son and it was in great working condition.

My son wanted to be iphone nation but I had just switched carriers. So I was not going to pay full price for a new phone. Then I said let me look on Amazon.com. this phone did not have scratch on it. Perfect condition. My son loves it. Thank you. Money well spent.

All I can say is I ordered the phone and it arrived on time. I gave it to my 13y/o daughter as a Christmas gift. As of right now, it is working just fine. I would recommend this to others.

The price was good but the phone has much more scratches than I expected.  The lense on the camara  is so scratched that I cannot take a clear picture, also there was a sticker with the phone info stuck directly on the phone.

I ordered this for my boss and this product came very swiftly.  Although some buttons aren't very responsive unless you press it down hard, there are no problems with the harddrive and it's how the item was described to be.  He's happy with the phone and I would say this product and seller was very reliable.

THIS PHONE IS EN PERFECT CONDITIONS, ONE THING, THIS PHONE SENT ME WITHOUT A BOX. I DIDN'T LIKE IT BUT EVERYTHING WAS OK, IT'S LIKE NEW. I REALLY LOVE IT

I LOVE MY IPHONE IT WORKS GREATE AND I'M GETTING A NOTHER ONE IN 30 DAYS, FOR MY FRIEND KIM

The iphone is like new and it works perfect, The only complain is when I read the item it said that was unlocked but that was not true. I have to pay 27 box more to get it free....

For the price i paid the phone was in excellent condition! No scratches at all!!! All buttons worked great. Got phone activated yesterday with no issues.  The only thing i didn't like was the amazon sticker was on the  back of the phone and is VERY HARD TO GET OFF. Perhaps vacuum sealing the phone and putting the label on the plastic would be much better in the future. I cant scrape the sticker off due to the back being made of glass!

I love the phone. It came exactly as described except the home button is sticking. Other than that, great product.

The phone was 8 gigs not 16 and it said good conditionit didnt mention the crack on the screen.Phone works good but info was wrongIm happy with the iphone cuz is an iphoneBut if i need to sell it, im going to have to sell itfor $150 less cuz the screen costs $150

it was like new came in a box no scratches tht were visible to me me and my hubby both love our phones they work great

after couple weeks of using it , i couldnt and still noone can hear me when i give or receive a calltechnically i just use it to txt although i am paying for a service to get both but i can use it as i want

I bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas, who had been wanting an iPhone, for the longest time. I found this deal, and I was very excited to get it for her. I've had great experiences with the Amazon Warehouse, I've bought numerous games on here.Anyways, I went with my great experiences and bought the phone. I give the phone to her on Christmas Day. The home button does not work. After the phone is on for a long amount of time, the screen turns yellow.The worst part about it is, I have always bragged on Amazon's Customer Service. They've always done me right. This time, they did not. They basically told me to take it to an Apple Store. I paid $250 for this phone. I paid $250, for a working, functional phone, that was almost "Like New". Amazon has lost a lot of credibility among the online community, with lackluster service and promotions. They've definitely lost another customer with me. All I want is the phone replaced with a working phone, that my girlfriend can use. Is that too much to ask? A simple replacement?To anyone reading this, if you are looking to buy a phone, do not do it from these people. Save your money, and just buy it off Craigslist. I would love for somebody from Amazon to contact me and make good on this deal. I have always respected and bragged about this company. I will never, ever pay for Amazon Prime with the treatment I have received regarding this transaction.So Amazon, thank you for ruining my girlfriend's Christmas.

The phone sounds like I am talking in a tunnel. Nobody can ever hear me on the other line. Not to happy with this purchase.

I brought this phone on Christmas 2013. It was marked as new. No problems until last week when it attempted to upgrade on its own. It then shut down permanently. Went to IPhone store and through the serial number they determined that it was indeed refurbished and not new. I have contacted the seller and Amazon and have not gotten a response from either. So basically paid almost 300.00 for a nice paper weight.

The phone is in really good cosmetic shape and the shipping was speedy, but what was not described was that the home button either does not function, or lags in  response. We have had to download an icon app so that we can get to the home screen.

I bring this iPhone 4 to Shanghai for gift, but in Shanghai dose not work, looks like was locked! So I have to bring back to US to unlocked!

the signal is super weak, the phone is out of signal most the time.The battery is ran out so quick and also the phone gets boiling hot just after 20 mins on calling.Often, the shop pauses by itself and you cannot return the home page.Definitely wasting my money on this phone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

When it came it had been used before.  I went to the apple store because it didn't work and when they looked up the serial number it had been pre owned ( it was advertised as a new phone)

After reading some of the other reviews I was kind of worried it would not be in great condition, or it would have a big scratch or button that didn't work.  That was not the case, the phone came in almost perfect condition, and after taking it to AT&T; it was unlocked and I was up and running in no time.I am very pleased with this purchase, and the price was FANTASTIC!

Please send a very bad version. What is going on? What are you asking me again? Too bad the broken screens which use the blue lights. I asked for my money.

i bought this i phone 4s for a very good price 204 $ itis locked but that is ok beause i paid 30 dollar to unlocked it and itworked great it is in a very good condition with no  problem however it does  not have any apps or programs i had to downloud every things but it still good for the price i have been using it for over  a  month  and  no problem yet  i am super  happy  i defientely  recommand  it.

Phone works great! Like a new phone, only thing is my front camera stopped working which sucks but it works just fine!

this iphone was worth the money i paid, it was cheap therefore i was expecting some sort of minimum malfunction, happens that the home button was a bit warned out but still workedno complains

Wifi did not work. Speaker mode did not work. Got to get a new one two months later. What a waist of money.

Hello,I have two questions for you:first: This phone is unlocked? I need to use in from VENEZUELA...Second. this phone is completly new?I need your information because I wanna buy it.So, I want be if you could invoice for a other price for I don't have a problem with nationalization.I hope your answer...Bye

Son loves it I got it for him as a Christmas gift and he's very happy and the phone is still running strong! Love this thing!

Amazon hopes the sale of second-hand mobile phones to establish standards to limit certain unscrupulous businessmen shoddy second-hand mobile phones. I hope bad business to strictly enforce the Amazon proprietary standard used phones.

Sometimes Says No Sim When The Sim Is In The Slot & Is Inserted In The Phone .  Phone Also Works Slow But Other Then That In Good Condition

thks, i receive in costa rica, i need to unlock but i do with at&t in states without problems, thank you guys Im using internationally too and works great! love it

I placed an order for Iphone 4 AT&T lock and was delivered an IPHONE 4S Verizon Lock. I have travelled abroad therefore I can't return the IPHONE 4S Verizon Lock and latter I check for ESN and found that it had a BAD ESN. I am totally disappointed by this purchase. I am not able to replace this phone.

This is very good iPhone . When I bought. I didn't realize that was goodbut I take a chance to buy when I receive it, it was very good and comewith the box and with a complete accessories . I am very satisfy.

I purchased 2 Apple iPhone 4 phones from iDeal Expert last month: both looked brand new...but clearly, looks can be deceiving.From the start, one phone had a problem where the recipient heard a strong echo/distortion when speaking which interfered with the conversation. When I sent an email through Amazon clearly articulating the problem to the company, I received a brief response from their team: "Have you tried calling the manufacture for an exchange?".Considering my options, I decided to take my phone to an expert to see whether he could solve the problem.  A couple of seconds after opening the case, he told me that the phone was not a new one, but refurbished.  At a glance, he could see clear evidence of water damage, and it was missing all kinds of screws, fasteners..etc.I was horrified to learn this, and deeply troubled that iDeal Expert considers this acceptable practice - particularly given their supposed "Complete Customer Satisfaction Guarantee: We stand behind the quality of our products with an iron-clad 100% guarantee. We are in the business of building long-term relationships with our customers, and we are confident that you will be satisfied with each and every purchase made from us.  We offer an exclusive EZ NO-HASSLE RETURN POLICY.  If for any reason you are not satisfied, simply send your product back to us for an immediate replacement or refund."In my opinion, iDeal Expert has displayed a flagrant disregard of integrity and have manifest very poor business ethics and practice. I fail to see how such behaviour can lead to "long-term relationships", nor to fully-satisfied customers.If my experience is anything to go by, my strong recommendation to all potential purchasers is "BUYERS BEWARE!".UPDATE: shortly after my posting, I received an email from the iDeal Expert team as follows: "This was bought in August, we are now in OCTOBER and cannot accept a return this is past 60 days and we will not accept a return." I responded to correct their error - reminding them that I had in fact notified their team of the problem well within the time frame, and had even received their acknowledgement of that email.I remain deeply concerned that iDeal Xpert has not only sold defective goods, but then chose to use their 60-time period as an excuse for not dealing with the problem. I still fail to see how such poor business practices are deemed acceptable by the company.UPDATE #2: today, the screen of my iPhone 4 went blank...without any warning, nor any good reason.  The phone is again back with my tech expert to try to resolve...

It came in the mail at a good condition, was a little disappointed the USB cable and the wall plug wasn't included but overall it is good

It didn't work.  The microphone wouldn't work half the time and the person couldn't hear me.  Photos were unclear with lines across the screen!

the product was Ok, but 'm not happy with the dealer, my stuffs was late 15 days and I had some problems to get it.

Phone meet my expectations! I was scared @ first, but it was in excellent conditions and worth the money! &#60;3

Everything is really good except the battery life does not last very long at all, had an iPhone 4 before this one and battery life was excellent but his one sucks

The dealer was fraudulent, claiming that the phone was new in the box.  In fact, it was 3 years old, needed a new battery, and had a defective microphone.  It cost $150.00 to replace it with a new iPhone 4 from Apple.  Apple can tell you the history of the phone by it's serial number.  Never buy from this dealer.

I recieved the product pretty quick, and its in good condition turns on and works great for the price I paid I am happy.

This was in great shape and just as it was described.  Started right up, able to use the new operating system too!  Got one for both kids!

Got the iphone a little bit early. They said it would be in perfect condition. Well the iphone came and I had to restore it. After I restored it, I tried to play music and one of the speakers doesn't work. The call volume is also very low. nobody can hear me forreal but I can hear them. it'll sound like my fone is breaking up.

I bought one Iphone,supossed to be new, with this seller and the Iphone came broken I took it to a guy to put my sim card in it and the guy told me that the screen had already been changed and that the Iphone already had contact with water. And today my Iphone broke and I can't make calls or receive, I can't access the internet or my messages.

I received my 'New' IPhone sealed in the box, contained everything you would expect in the box and works perfect!  Great price for a very good phone.

It's OK. THe surface is very new. The speed and the baterry is Ok. I could not get its charge

Waster 130 US to get this phone and its problematic . i spoke to the buyer before i purchased tha phone also

Purchased this product as new. Proximity sensor failed.  Apple support told me this phone was purchased in 2011and had no factory warranty.  Company will not do any replacement after 30 days, so beware.  I have a phone that I cannot use for phone calls.  I will not purchase from these people as they state the product is new, but it is not!,

The phone does NOT work right, and never has.  Sure, you can call out on it, and you can receive calls BUT ....no one can HEAR YOUR VOICE ... unless you switch the 'speaker phone' on!  That part is not  working right, and it has not since the day we received it.  This was a gift for someone without a phone at all, and now she has one that only works halfway!  NOT RIGHT!  I've written the Seller already and now have submitted a claim via Amazon too.  So far, the Seller is NOT returning emails or calls.  Maybe Amazon itself will have better luck -- and if not, perhaps this store does not need to be an Amazon store at all.Let's see if they answer this, the THIRD request for replacement!  A full replacement or even a full return of funds in the next 24 hours would certainly be welcome since we thought we bought a WORKING CELL phone. This one does not work right, period.  we demand a replacement that works or a full refund within the next ten(10) days.

my Iphone had to arrive two days ago !!!! and up to now nothing!!!!! dont buy ,,,, if my phone is not with me tomorrow ill want my money back !!!!

It was fast and the shipping was minutes after I made the delicious to buy the phone, I was needing any phone cause I lost mine phone

I bought this phone over 30 days ago and so, far so good.  I was a bit leary about purchasing a used iPhone, but things worked out for the best with this product.  It came unlocked and configured for ATT service as decribed in the add.  There were NO scratches on the phone and it was packaged in the original Apple box with all the accessories included.  It looks and works like brand new.  This product definitely looks and works better than all the other used iPhones I saw for sale.  Good luck!!

I love the Camera, It keeps me from buying a $100 sony. I think the map system is great. My only dislike is ever since I got it I have had 3x as many dropped calls. I even took it back and had them switch it out but that did not cure the problem. I'm still trying to get this solved.

I just got my iPhone 4 and it looks pretty much new. I didn't know hat it was going to come with a charger and ear buds which is nice, I recommend this to anyone wanting a iPhone 4 that's in good condition at a pretty good price.

The item was Sold as New but when I received the phone it was easy to see that this purchase was a huge mistake and I contacted the seller " Second Hand Cellular" written them numerous emails / sent photos and it was frustrating, since the item was supposed to be a gift. But in the end it was taken care of.

Sorry for the delay to feedback you....I was traveling...I really really like the product...It`s exactly how it was described....Thank you so much....

I really love my new phone and the funny part is i use it like every sec. lol thank you for the phone

I just ordered the iPhone 4, it is my first time, so i'm really nervous about it, i'm hoping that it does not come in with defects all over it. I really need it to be good cuz it's a present, just like I said before` I really am hoping for the best. It's estimated to come on the 6th of December. So I'll let you guys know more about it once it comes in.

This is all I expected ! Works great looks new I got it on time and didnt have to worry about if it was a fake iPhone

IPhone 4 is pretty good.. However many features which are added in ios6 are not available for iPhone4. I don't see any real reason as hardware for many of the features. So little disappointed with that.

It is very nice, only issue is it cannot be unlocked due to it is non-full price of purchase. I was told before, if I bought at&t, i can use t-mobile prepaid card. but because of the price, i cannot. Otherwise, this is very helpful cell phone. can you tell me how to recharge the money for each month? which phone number to call for at&t prepaid card? thanks

Having a great time using my iPhone! Just made the switch from android to apple and I have no complaints thus far!

I bought three of those iPhone as a gift. I know in the ads they said it is used.But they are in good quality, no cracks or any bad signs on any of them. The price was a bargain. I liked them so much that I placed another order for two more.Good communication with the seller too.ThanksOmaima

This phone had a few obvious scratches on the face, which were not described on the description of the device. However, it was the glitches thereafter that were disappointing. Within 2 weeks, the speaker function stopped working. I have had the phone since March 2013 and have issues with my 3-way calling feature. I have to turn the phone off...then back on for the conference calling function to work. Lastly, the volume button on the side that mutes the phone has malfunctioned causing the phone to ring when it should be silenced. We pay for what we get...and this used phone has made me leary of ever purchasing another one.

I got it today.everything works great but when I make a call receiver can not hear me.Don't buy I would return it back as soon as possible !!!

This phone was advertised as unlocked, but it is not.  I called AT&T and was told that they could not help me unlock it unless I had the phone number or account for this phone.  That means that it is useless to me.  Very disappointing.

I love this phone it is the greatest purchase ever! I recommend this phone to everyone but be careful of the seller you purchase it from I had to have a blank sim card in order to setup my phone to get the apple apps that came with the phone after my seller reset the phone.

I like my new phone it's just Some things about it i will have to get use to. Like my connection

I had to replace my lost iPhone 4s. As a frequent eBay customer, the amazon product is clearly superior. The quality is guaranteed to be like new and the price is much less expensive. I am considering buying another simply to sell it on eBay for the profit.

I ordered a phone but upon receiving it, the screen would constantly flicker. It was brand new in manufacturing packaging so I'm sure it was an apple defect. I contacted the company and they were very attentive and worked with me. Best customer service I've received in a long time.

Loving my phone.  Was even better with Siri, but I lose her with the upgrade,  could hardly wait for the new jailbreak to get her back.  I suggest if you intend to sell your phones again take Advantage of the protective covers.  Sense this I have gotten a number of items through Amazon

This phone was reported stolen and is on the at&t blacklist and is blocked from network use. It doesn't work even for at&t like it said it would. I talked to an at&t personnel and she looked up the phone and it was reported stolen.

Good condition and love it, I recomend, Not the best deal $300 but its fair.I don't want any contract and  new is too expensive

This phone was a refurbished phone, that was unlocked and I could use my home WiFi to look things up and start downloading apps before my SIM card come from the company I was changing too. I bought a 16 GB because I have a Ipod that was 32 GB to keep my music on and other games I play a lot.

I like the phone but when I got it the lock button didn't work and the screen had line all on it. I wasn't pleased.

This is clearly the wrong phone and it would be excellent if whomever repackaged this actually looked at the box which clearly states VERIZON not what it was sold as AT&T. The irony here is these 2 different networks also use different carries AT&T is GSM and Verizon is CDMA. So this phone is a complete fail there too.

there were multiple issues with the phone that was supposed to be refurbished. this was the first product I purchased through here that I can say was a waste of money and I order a lot.

The phone is great but I can not activate because there is a balance on the account it is linked too. Very frustrating.

I'm still using the product today after losing my original and I was impressed by the details I got for the item which was all accurate

THE ELECTION HAS BEEN GOOD, THE SELLER HAS GIVEN GOOD INFORMATION, THE PHONE IS WHAT I EXPECTED, GOOD PRODUCT

Fast shipping the item scratch a lot honme button not working wel a camera is not clear need change len

i purchased this iphone from the amazon warehouse and when i opened it, it looked brand new the only thing to complain about is the home button but that is not even a big deal. It also did take very long to ship and UPS is truly the most crappiest delivery company i've ever had to deal with. But other than that i am very happy with this purchase.

Bought these phones for my brothers; received them in a very timely manner. No scratches, phones worked great! I definitely recommend purchasing from this user.

I bought this for my daughter and she loves this phone.She is able to use this phone overseas without any problemsJust what I was looking for

it's a great phone, i have had it for over a year now, great performance, it works very good, and it is consistent with apple products you always get consistency, they always operate at the same speed as when you purchase them, i will be upgrading it soon, but it has been great for me in my experience

It works like new and It even looks like it is brand new. I will shop here again real soon!

I could not afford a new iPhone 5 so I opted for a used iPhone 4 and it has been excellent so far. The main reason I got it is because of the apps I can use while traveling, birdwatching etc. I used to fumble when answering my phone, but now it is a lot easier...with just a slide action I answer it. The ring on off button is easy to use. Going to 2 different emails is easy. I am learning to deposit checks in my bank account. No more lost checks!

the home key is not work!!the home key is not work!!the home key is not work!!how can i do?

sir , great phone , as exact u told , 100% satisfied , am really happy about this phone , and i can now buy again sometime from you without any fear :)

Only one speaker works and it's not unlocked... Other than that it works pretty good but just those problems. Yeah.

I PURCHASED THIS ITEM FOR MY HUSBAND AND EVER SINCE IT HAS NOT LEFT HIS FINGERS.LOVE IT NO PROBLEMS AT ALL.

I have had iPhones since the 3G and always liked it. The last time I got a new phone I went with a GalaxyS3 and it was difficult to use, and was always using data plan that nobody could explain why I was going over. So I went online and bought this phone. I have been extremely pleased right from the beginning. The process was easy and it was here well within the time that was stated. I would definitely order from this person again.

Not a new phone. We ordered a new phone.  We received a used phone.  Per Apple the phone was previously registered.

What't difference between iphone 3gs and 4g?1. 4g has 512 mb RAM while 3gs has 256.2. 4g has new WiFi features , it's n generation while 3gs has older g generation.3. 4g has 1 GHz Cortex-A8 CPU while 3gs has only 600 MHz Cortex-A8.4. 4g has 5 MP camera with flash light and front camera while 3gs has only back camera 3,15 MP .5. Dimensions : 4g has 115.2 x 58.6 x 9.3 mm (4.54 x 2.31 x 0.37 in) while 3g has 115.5 x 62.1 x 12.3 mm (4.55 x 2.44 x 0.48 in)as you see 3gs is thicker and wider .6. Battery life:4g  Stand-by Up to 300 h (2G) / Up to 300 h (3G)Talk time Up to 14 h (2G) / Up to 7 h (3G)Music play Up to 40 h3g  Stand-by Up to 300 hTalk time Up to 12 h (2G) / Up to 5 h (3G)Music play Up to 30 hI think this is the main differences , of course there are some other differences too .I think it's best because you can change cracked screen cheaply and not only screen but back and other parts too.

I have never owned a smart phone before, but most of my friends own iPhones. Last May, after becoming a bit more financial stable, I made my first smart phone purchase and bought an iPhone 4.I am relatively new to cell phones in general (I&#8217;ve only owned a cell phone for five years), so purchasing a smart phone was a big deal for me. Although I know the benefits that come from owning a smart phone, I wasn&#8217;t sure at the time if I was making the right purchase. I like the physical feel of a QWERTY keyboard. I don&#8217;t download a ton of data. Compared to most of my peers, I don&#8217;t even text that much. Despite this, I have been pleased with my iPhone 4.The basic apps that come with the phone are easy to use. Software updates can be set to download automatically or manually.Security is a major concern and you can change the settings to make your phone secure or as open as you would like.I hardly ever downloaded anything with my old phone (it wasn&#8217;t a smart phone anyway), but I have noticed a huge advantage in the speed of whenever I do download something on my iPhone 4.I love the camera functions of the phone. I had a camera on my old phone, but the difference in pixels is extraordinary. Not only that, but I can take extended videos, too.Physically, the phone is of a design that is pleasing to the eye and the phone is extremely lightweight. With that said, I highly recommend getting some sort of real protection for the phone (such as an Otterbox or Lifeproof) because although this is a great phone, it is not at all durable and the glass can easily crack or completely break if it&#8217;s dropped on a hard surface.My only major complaint about the iPhone 4 (and all Apple products in general) is that it does not include an operating manual. Sure it comes with a little pamphlet about how to turn the phone on and off and what buttons to use, but that&#8217;s not a manual. That&#8217;s a mini-instruction guide and nothing more; it has no real knowledge of how to actually use your phone, for instance, it doesn&#8217;t tell you how to download apps, how to open the apps already included, what apps are included, etc. I have never understood the concept of selling an electronic device, but not including a manual about how to operate it. Apple is terrible with this (as is Adobe in the world of software-they never include manuals for anything either). You do a major disservice to your customers when you don&#8217;t include a manual. As much as I have liked the few Apple products I have owned, they will always be a step below of what they could be for not having a manual.In general, I am very pleased with the iPhone 4. It&#8217;s been a good cell phone for me so far and if you can deal with not having a manual, I recommend it for someone looking to purchase a smart phone for the first time.

This was exactly what I wanted and needed.It has worked nicely for me and couldn't help the great price of it.

The product is excellent. Works great and makes my life and time spent on the computer and phone a lot easier and shorter.

I ordered a used Iphone 4.  I was sent a NEW one!!!!  AMAZING!Much better condition than expected. :)The product arrived VERY FAST.Great service, Highly recommended.

I actually bought this for my brother and the description said used - like new but when it came, it wasn't i expected and the packaging was even not that good. I wasn't satisfied.

The iphone was in perfect condition, looked new with all attachments no failure, no scratches, everything was perfect .... many thanks

This is in great condition, looks brand new and works great. I've tried to acquire another one at this price.

Phone was brand new and worked great.. I also recieved it in 2 business days which was awesome because I paid for standard shipping..my only complaint is the price was a little ridiculous for an iPhone 4 so I'm rating the phone a 4

The purchase of this iphone 4 has caused me so much hassle and waste of time. What a total regret buying this phone from &#34;mobilekarma&#34; Not only was it sold to me as a blacklisted phone, there's no way to get this iphone off the list. I had contacted mobile karma and they have no means to settling or solving this issue.

i bought a 32 GB from tablet distrubitors, when i got the phone it had a computer printed 32gb lable with an IMEI number and a fake bar code according to att and apple. the phone was a 16 gb. they tamper with the labels and re seal the box then ship it to you. DO NOT BUY FROM TABLET DISTRIBUTORS!

how can i unlocked the iphone 4? do you know how do it? and where are you? i want buy your iphone 4, tell me something about the iphone

Phone is in good condition but the home button doesn't work and there was no mention of that problem on the ad. Apple said they can replace or repair for a bout $140. Quick shipment, no problems other than that.

Nice device. If you are used to Apple lifestyle for sure you are gonna love this Iphone 4 I'll recommend it

I have had this phone ever sense 3 days after its initial release date, so several years now.  I love this phone even to today and its one of the best purchases I have ever made (I don't buy expensive things like this often at all but this has been worth every penny).  I cant imagine my life without an iphone, it makes my life so much easier to be able to check emails on the run and do all sorts of things.  Many other phones done all these things now as well, and if I were looking for a new phone today I would honestly go for the 5s as it is significantly better (although significantly more expensive as well). Whatever you choose to do be sure to get a reliable case on the phone ASAP to protect your investment.  These phones can be fragile but putting an otter box defender on it will keep your investment safe for years to come (or go for a waterproof option if that is something that may threaten your phone such as you work at a pool in the summers or any situation with high risk for potential water damage).  If you protect it, you wont regret getting it.

The phone was not new as stated it was defected when it arrive also car alarm pruchase did not work cause more than the item too send back

This company seems like a joke to me, I got the phone but at least once a week I have to reset it. Like factory reset it. For the money I paid, shipping hassles I had, that is not worht

The person who sold it to was very polite and reputable, with everything that they said about the iPhone 4. Would buy from them again.
