
This phone is a handy little pocket phone.  It works well as a phone, but due to its small form it is not very good for anything else.  It does web surfing and GPS type functions, but its screen is way to small to be of any practical value.

Simple and sweet, this is a fantastic phone, the phone is not super responsive when turning it but its not so bad as its destractive. the touch screen works fine for me have no issues. browsing interenet no issues at all. it holds all my music and even put a movie on it for a place ride.Also its tiny its the size a phone should be, personaly I think all these new touch screens are to big to be a phone.In gerenal this is a great smart phone and its cheap.

This is a nice little phone. So far, everything works as described. Our only concern is that GPS sometimes acts funky (does not connect, or shuts down unexpectedly etc). Also, GPS drains the battery very fast. Otherwise, a great phone for the money.

Pros:1) good camera2) decent UI3) OVI maps, you wont need a gps.Cons:1) Lots of apps dont work on this phone. My biggest issue was google maps not working as walking directions are very important to me and this was a deal breaker.2) Resistive Touch screen- Response to touch is not as good as capacitive. You might have to press hard.3) Phone kept hanging and had to be restarted.Returned the item. back to e71x.

Thru the years I found Nokia to make some of the best phones and this one is not an exception. I bought it because it is a 4 band (world) unlocked GSM, very light and small indeed, full touchscreen, responsive, quick and accurate typing, overall the phone works fast, has a bit slow GPS (when not assisted) with free maps and nice voice navigation, good WiFi, working radio, good loud speaker and call quality, decent email (old style) and normal camera, also the battery supposed to last longer. Overall, it does well what it supposed to do for the price of $180. There is one important thing, the US model has UMTS (3G bands) 900/1900/2100, so the 1900 works with AT&T, but no 850 AT&T or 1700 T-mobile. Strange, but the box label and some of the Amazon description are both wrong as they show 1700. I confirmed that with Nokia as well and the phone is working fast on AT&T 3G on 1900. The phone is made in Mexico, that's fine. It has the plastic look, but it is the simple clean design and the cute shape that makes it look neat too. I am not sure why there is no variety of colors on the US market like elsewhere, that is rather frustrating. The operating system is the typical Nokia, no news there.

I would recommend the Nokia C5-03 to anyone, because overall it is a good phone.  However, the phone was advertise to having a 4GB SD memory chip, and that was not found to be true in this case. Instead, it came with a 2GB SD chip. The keyboard is nice, with easy typing access, the sound quality is crystal - I like it.

I had to change the screen two months after getting it now I adds more memory and it still says I want more. NOKIA is a great brand but this product is costing me more to fix than it was to buy.

I bought this phone for a christmas gif..I feel really sad...this product...is bad in only one word...is bad..slow..small screen, complicate..ect

It sucks it the worst phone I ever bought never buy one of them again  the graphics is no good

This Nokia device is great for the money you pay. It has great reception and works in the US, Western and Eastern Europe, Korea, China and Russia. I bought it as spare cell phone on my trips to use it with local SIM cards across the globe and avoid AT&T roaming charges. I am impessed with smart phone's craftsmanship quality and user friendly interface. Not sure yet, if would be willing to replace my iPhone with this Nokia, but definitely would recommend it as an economic purchase.

Up to now, this cell phone is working fine. No problem connecting to Ecuador's cell operators like Movistar or Claro.

Nice Nokia phone.  Not like the new smart phones but still nice for the price.  Seems durable as it is a Nokia.

Very disappointed in this Nokia product.  Seems cheaply made, very difficult to move from program to program.  Did not keep it long enough to fully test it because it wasn't worth my time.  I do have to give great praise to Amazon on the return of this product.  There was no question and the process was very easy.  I will continue to look through Amazon for a better phone that meets my need.

this is a great sinbian phone with amazing value for money.the only minus point is the camera which has no flasher.!!!!!!

I'm very disappointed...the phone doesn't turn on.... the screem goes black ...! I would like to return this item. I need a good phone.

Its quite good: excellent low weight, good screen size, all the nokia apps organized better. The only thing against the product is the poor RAM thats avoids normal multitask specially with gps application. and no flash. The rest is ok

You people don't know what you're doing! I returned this product weeks ago for a full refund and you keep sending me things about it. Would you please remove this from my account and get your act together? You're wasting  a lot of my time on this.

The Nokia C5-C3 came really fast, I had order it on a Thursday and on Saturday it was here, so really fast. I like simplicity and this phone is really awesome :)

In a world swarming with smart phones boasting super-cool and user-friendly interface, Nokia apparently has isolated itself from the rest by producing non-responsive touchscreen coupled with primitive OS interface.Pro:1. It is a phone and you can make calls.2. The battery life is good.Cons:1. I've always have problems answering incoming calls. You cannot directly swipe the bar to activate conversation even though the screen is lighted. Instead I have to lock and unlock again to make the screen responsive.2. GPS signal is never acquired if you disable network assistance, i.e., if you want to save money by not connecting to carrier data network.3. In some cases such as calendar, it is REALLY HARD to make the right-pointing arrow work so that calendar can move to next month. I don't think it is product defect because the part since the problem exists regardless of screen orientation.4. The interface overall is what I call a living example of being drab.

I am using it in VENEZUELA .. Movilnet and Movistar. Excellent phone, good sound, nice touchscreen. Nice connecti&oacute;n to internet, nice wifi, nice sound. Speaker sond is very good. I did not give 5 stars because the phone has low internal memory and the screen is a little bit small even if work great.

I bought this phone despite of certain reviews that claimed the product was defective or hard to operate and had a very hard to control touch screen. I received the phone this weekend exactly on time for Christmas. It is unlocked and works internationally (currently it is working in Costa Rica the country where I live in). Touch screen is harder to control than others but nothing out of this world way better than an LG touchscreen if you ask me. As far as the model is concerned (since I read a few reviews saying this one was the Nokia C5-04) the model IS the Nokia C5-03 and there IS no such thing as the C5-04. The model does work with wi-fi I tried it out already and apps work beautifully (so far I have tried facebook mobile, facebook chat, skype and whatsapp). As far as the product box is concerned (one review from Costa Rica claimed the box arrived open) it was fine, the box is opened to inspect the contents of it but the phone arrived in perfect conditions and worked perfectly. I rate this phone (even though its from 2010 a 4.5 star rating, shame Amazon will only let me rate it 4 or 5) but it is a great phone with a perfect operational system and specs for the price it has. A must buy if you want a really great phone at a great price!If you have any questions message me :)

A very good phone with all do you need to enjoy your self, songs social network pictures videos and more. Very cool

Loved the product. Came packaged and condition was as advertised. And  I love the performance thus far! Good fit for the price......................

To be honest this is not the best phone ever, there are many better phones out there, however if you take into account its price it justifies the 5 stars I gave to this review.Name 3 phones that cost less than $200 that actually comes with a 5m.p. camera and with GPS. Besides it has a very hot design. At least this is my opinion.It looks great, it feels solid not as usually cheap phones feel like, the touch captative system is very smooth and works quite well (similar to the Nokia N8), the pictures looks great to be honest. Imagine all those features for only 200 bucks. It's totally worthy.Name 3 phones with better features that actually cost less than 200 bucks? Let's make this a challenge :)

This phone should not be sold any more and Nokia should stop making it.I love Nokia phones, in fact the E61i was one of my favorite phones, but if you can't make a touch-screen phone properly then don't make it.  The touch-screen on the C5-03 is a joke.  On average I had to tap the screen 2-3 times in order to get a click or selection!!!  How efficient is that!?Entering text was another nightmare.  The keyboard that would pop up in an input field was a numeric keypad.  What!?  What happened to a full keyboard?  Oh yeah, you have to rotate the phone horizontally.  Come on.  This is childish stuff.  At a minimum, Nokia should pop up an extended numeric keypad (one extra column of keys, like the blackberrys do).  Oh oh, and get this!  They give you an option to scribble the letters, ha ha ha!  The scribble area is about the size of my thumb.  How am I suppose to scribble each letter here?Then you wonder why Nokia is loosing mobile market share.Anyways, do not buy this phone; it's a waste of your money and time.  After playing with the phone for an hour, I called Amazon and asked for a refund.

hi good evening .. I am writing this time to report that the phone which will buy the 31 December 2011, I came to my country Venezuela on Saturday 25 February, and since then from the day Tuesday started just 3 days to submit failures .. the cell phone just restarts, hangs on and off .. I would like to know what happens .. I await your prompt response

I've had this phone for a month now and it is everything I need in a smart phone.  OK, so its OS is Symbian S60v5, the phone memory maybe small and the camera does not have a flash, BUT where can you get a smartphone with great features in such a compact yet powerful phone?  Call quality is great.  Resistive touch screen (get over it) is more responsive than I thought.  I was even able to set it up to use my older data plan.  Since I can only access 2G through my carrier - I can still use all the internet features and use Opera Mini for Symbian without having to pay $30.00/month extra.  I'm even typing this review tethered through my laptop via the C5-03 phone.  Camera takes great pictures.  Music file sound fine with the 3.5mm connection. And the OVI Suite software makes adding software, upgrading, and syncing your phones backup to your computer so easy.  I am hoping Nokia may upgrade the OS to Symbian^3 like the C7 Astound.  In the meantime this is a great phone in this price category.  Recommend getting a silicone sleeve (plastic back is slippery) and screen protector.  Found them at Tmart on the web Super price.  Check them out.

I don't recommend this product at all.  .  The touchpad started failing in basic stuff.  (taking calls even introducing the blocking code).  I regret so much getting it.  I have been trusting in nokia for years but with this phone my mind has changed.  Now my phone is on the provider company on repair, I need to wait for a month to get it back or get a replacement and I am still paying for it.  If you are not good doing touchscreen phones better do not do it or perform a good QA testing before releasing products to the market. I do not think Nokia has tested this product enough, fails on basics stuff, does not look like they performed a good QA process releasing it.  Even when you has updated the software it fails.  In case of emergency I found having this phone very risky because does not behave right.

Alguien me pregunto si el Nokia c5 era una versi&oacute;n en espa&ntilde;ol, le respondo: el que yo compre si es una version en espa&ntilde;ol

I purchased this phone on 7th November 2011 which makes it about 6 months since i had it. It was working perfectly fine until two weeks ago the touchscreen just started giving  alot of problems. It constantly kept sticking and when its not the keys are not responding to the touch eg if i press the number 8 key number 2 comes up. Everything is just out of cordination. I cant make calls only receive, I was forced to take out my sim card and use a old phone i had. Whenever the phone touchscreen sticks i have to take out the battery,leave it out for a while then put it back in for it to work. I never thought this phone would have cause this problem after all i rate nokia phones alot but to me they failed big time with this touchscreen phone.I am so disappointed, and now i have to go purchase another phone...

A decent low end smart phone with good sound and an easy to use virtual keyboard that makes texting a breeze. The GPS has led me exactly where I wanted to go. Calendar entries and to-do lists show up right on the home screen. On the negative side: You kind of need a magnifying glass to read email and facebook. The touch screen is not always responsive and downloading of apps often stops midway through even when connected to wi-fi. Also, there are not that many apps available, but if that's important to you, you'd probably go with an android or iphone anyway. I bought this phone because it's unlocked so I don't have to pay through the nose for an expensive monthly plan that's much more than I need. Also, I can take it overseas and just buy a sim card for use there with local rates.  Overall, I'm reasonably happy with this phone, since I didn't expect it to be top notch.

Excellent article manufactured by Nokia, and I'm also pleased with the speed of shipping the item, the cell phone is very good indeed I am very pleased with the purchase. I would definitely buy another Nokia.

We love these phones, they are great size, not too big nor too small.The camera and video options are amazing!

its a nice tlephone Nokia C5-03 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera and Ovi Maps... Nokia C5-03 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera and Ovi Maps...

HORRIBLE, it stopped working only after a few weeks ! I couldnt talk on the phone when people called me, I could onyl hear them.

ITS BEEN A MONTH THAT I HAVE SEND THE PHONE BACK AND HAVE NOT GOT A REFUND. I CALLED MY CREDIT CARD COMPANY AND THEY WILL BE DEALING WITH THIS. THE DESPUTE FORM IS FILLED OUT. YOU CAN CONTACT ME AND TELL ME WHEN WILL I GET MY REFUND. MARJETA2@MYWAY.COM

I ordered this phone as a gift which is supposed to be a new phone instead i received a refurbished one! The package came from amazon return center, there is no longer a seal on the nokia box so i called the customer service (which i find a great thing about amazon) and they send a replacement one right away. I just recieved the replacement phone but sadly it is even worse from the first one i got! It even has scratches and it also came from the return center and the box has no seal as well. I end up just returning the phone for it's useless to request for a replacement third time and i might receive another refurbished one...

I bought this phone because I wanted the wifi features without needing to pay for a smart phone plan on the ATT network. It is not a dazzling phone like new android smart phones, for example, its screen is not large but the onscreen keyboard is adequate.I've not been terribly fond of the navigation system which comes preloaded. However, I also have not used the GPS features very much. I have enjoyed having a headphone jack for music that I have loaded to the phone. I have not been able to use the email features on the phone, as they require constant use of the smart phone network rather than updating only when connected to wifi.The battery life is decent, but sometimes the phone will turn itself off unexpectedly reporting it no longer has a charge. My phone came with an Italian (European) wall connection, but also with an adapter for American use. Alternatively, it charges very slowly through the miniUSB port.The most annoying thing is that I frequently have calls dropped or network busy signals when attempting to make phone calls. When making calls, I usually only get through to the network on my first try about 60% of the time. Sometimes it takes several redials before I can actually get a call through.The good thing is, the phone was relatively inexpensive for having wifi and gps built in. It works well for avoiding the smart phone plan while still having a smart-ish phone.

This phone is functional, but I find it somewhat difficult to use. It did not come with instructions.  It is a nice size and picks up the carrier signal really well. Changing the SIM Card is easy compared to the Samsung I had previously. The battery life is good.

Nice pruchase. Smooth transaction. Bought it around a holiday so shipping took one extra day. The phone is nice, light, and slick. Screen is big enough and it picked up my wireless Internet right away. Tilting the screen to horizontal view is a little tricky but overall the product delivers on its promise. Took it to South America and inserted a slim card, no problems with the network. Thank you seller

Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi.  Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi.  Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi.  Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi.  Great phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi.

I Bought 2 C5 for my friends while I was in US, weird think is that the boxes were open... I came back to my country and when we tested them one of the phones was not working properly, the camera was like 1/2 Mpixel and it has trouble connecting to the gsm network.Amazon sent me a replacement but I have to expend $40 extra sending the defective phone back to US + gas back and forth to the post office + plus shipping from US to CR = $85 extrahate it...

this cell phone describe having 4 GB of memory card but only have around 2 GB with a few navegation the memory get full. and also i cannot conect to facebook and twitter.

I liked the phone, but the memory card does not work when i place the back cover, that's annoying. i don't know what happened with it,  and i don't want to have a phone open all the time.

This phone has drive me crazy. The touch screen does not work properly (never respond after firtst touch). Battery finishes in 3-4 hours. I'm on the phone a lot, but even in this case the battery dies quickly. I'm going to destroy this phone and do not see it anymore.

This Phone was never a good produc, cause it restart when I was trying to open the GPS software, and to try to install more applications it said me that don't has space to do it,  it was a really bad phone

I purchased both the Nokia C5-03 & the C6-00 primarily because Nokia claimed that the data base in the phone could sync with OUTLOOK EXPRESS. The Nokia SUITE software actually gives you an option to sync with "Outlook" or "Outlook Express" Every attempt to sync with Outlook Express failed. After an extensive phone conversation with Nokia support it turns out that Nokia did not know the difference between "Outlook" & "Outlook Express". Bottom line, the phones CAN NOT sync with Outlook Express only Outlook. End result I purchased a copy of "Outlook". Nokia Suite does do an excellent job of contact, calendar, & etc sync with Outlook.The second problem encountered with both phones was the apparent inability of the phones to use the ringtone assigned to a contact or ID a caller. Both would only show the number of the caller nothing else. After AMAZON replaced one phone (GREAT SERVICE AS ALWAYS) and the same problem still existed. I reread the direction and spent more time on the Nokia site. I was unabled to dertermine the cause of the problem. I contacted Nokia and they told me I most likely had to have a firmware upgrade. I sent the phone to Nokia (C5-03) they returned the phone with updated firmware but told me they could not find anything worng. Mean while my wife was using the C6-00 and found that, in some cases, the assigned ringtone was playing and the contact name was showing along with a voice ID.It turns out that if you enter the same phone number for two contacts (for example HOME 5551212 & ICE(In Case Of Emergency)5551212)) the phone does not know which contact to display so it does not know what ringtone to use it just shows the number calling. (a real problem when you have over 500 numbers stored)It must be noted that I was unable to find any reference to using duplicate numbers for different contacts creating an assigned ringtone issue, nor did Nokia support ever bring up the issue.

no me salio malo el tactil no funciona perdi mi dinero estoy en venezulame salio mal  tactil no funciona

This good buy at this price around $160 and phone is unlocked. it has all the default features, and touch screen is good size and works fine. Im not using maps, looks like we have to use nokia maps. Audio jack is 3.5 inch I think,when using supplied headset, I hear others voice like in stereo like full frequency spectrum..not like the phone voice..I dont know if there is any setting to fix it, but i coudnt find it. Overall Im satisfied with this phone as basic phone. I wish nokia has good headsets for this phone.

This Nokia C5-03 has a very small screen comparing to US made touch screen cellpohone.  May be I have used to look at the bigger screen from HTC, Samsung, LG, IPhone.  I have older OS on this phone, and there is noway for this OS comparable to the advantage of Apple IOS or Android.  OVI online game/apss selections are poor.  I like the Offline Map, you can download offline and use it.  Sound, Color is good.

Everything is Good! I Recomend it 100% this item. I'm From Venezuela and the phone arrived in perfect condition so there wasn't any damage whatsoever. I'm very happy with this transaction.

Constantly dropping the carrier. I sent it back to Nokia and got another one ... same problem. Very stylish, but worthless.

I own this phone for over 11 months.The good:- Cute phone- Nice call quality- Great Wifi reception- Pre-installed Nokia Maps- Good speakers (sound is loud and clear than other high end smart phones)- Camera 5MP (I made lot of videos with this and they came out to be of good quality)- Microsoft Exchange- Chat client (Yahoo/google/hotmail)Not good:- The screen size of 3.2 inch (should have been 3.5 inch). This makes browsing hard.- Internal memory is very less (my phone always runs under 15MB) and hence cannot use microsoft exchange for office mails (If I use Exchange email, phone complains of low memory and close few open applications)- Touch screen is sometimes hard to operateWith all the above pros and cons.. I could use this phone for- Voice and text- Basic internet browsing over wifi- Take photos and videosIf that is all what you plan to do with this phone.. go for it..

Had flip phone before and wanted an unlocked phone to work with AT&T and international capability with WiFi.  The price was with in my limits.  Works, some steps with clock to change when international.  For first phone of this type-like it.  Nice fast and small too.  I was aware Symbian OS is on the way out and that Nokia will most likely be changing things since with Microsoft now.

It is a telephone, compact but heavy, that gives a strength sensation him. All the applications that unload of OVI, in their majority are gratuitous and allows to improve the applications of the telephone.I have compared it with the N8 and the only difference this in the pixels of the camera that in the N8 is of 12 and in the C6-01 is of 8.I recommend it to the 100%.

The cell phon presents problems with memory without anyone application open. Nevertheless, the cell phone is very usefull. Thank you.

This phone looks pretty cool, but it's not as amazing as you would think.  If you're used to more popular smart phones, this touch screen is really hard to deal with.  You have to press the screen to get it to recognize anything.  It also vibrates on every button you press, and you can't turn it off.  The OS does seem to have some good functionality, but actually using the phone is too hard to make the OS worth it at all.  Not worth the money.

I own this phone and the customer service just sucks, and the phone will not connect to my wireless internet at home.  I always have to connect it to directly to the computer for updates.Nice design, just a crappy phone all the way.  user interface is out of ate and does not support droid.  I cannot even get it to connect to the internet wireless.Stay away from this phone.  Some of their earlier phones worked nice with wireless routers, but this one is nothing but a piece of garbage.

The battery in the phone only lasts one day and that is without fully using it. Needs to ne charged every day. It's useless

Me encanta el tel&eacute;fono es c&oacute;modo no pesado, tiene mucha funciones, me mantiene comunicada, es un tel&eacute;fono de calidad, la pantalla se maneja muy f&aacute;cil, se encuentra todo  con facilidad.

Hi, I can not give any reviews because I have not ricibido article I requested, thanks for the help I can provide.

I bought this phone a year ago and I have still in use, has its basic functions and I am very pleased with this acquisition. At first the battery failure was that I downloaded in a few minutes, then signal handling options I could control this little problem. Another little thing that I like is the camera without flash but is passable because Nokia has been improving its products. Very happy With Me cell would change if another Nokia.

This is an extroadinary phone.  I am able to obtain a strong signal everywhere, which is awesome.  I actually rate this phone better than Apple's I-phone.  Congratulations to Nokia for a job well-done.

I received this outstanding product from Amazon.com and it is the best decision I have ever taken.I received very good and fast services and I have not encountered any problems with this item, in fact I am planning to buy a Nokia C6 because am loving it too...

I  bought this Nokia C5-O3 phone from amazon the real fact first time i opened the package i saw this cell phone too small with narrow , small screen ,has a some length but never has a large ,I can give this phone any positive points.

It is a practical, good operation, tactility is not the best, strong pressure screen, but generally it is a good team

Excellent equipment, very practical and functionalNokia C5-03 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera and Ovi Maps Navigation Optimized for AT&T--U.S.; Version with Warranty (Graphite Black)

I used it for a day and did not like it.Not so frendly to use.All Android phones are many classes higher.Even the Blackberry is 10 time better.

Headline or summary for your review (required)Write your review here (required)Consider:Why did you choose this rating?What did you like or dislike?Who would you recommend this product to?View tips and guidelines  |  Headline & 20 more words required.SubmitSkechers Women's Seamlessly Mary Janes Flat,Black/Black,11 M USSkechers Women's Seamlessly Mary Janes Flat,Black/Black,11 M USSkechersHow does this product fit?- Too small Somewhat small Fit as expected Somewhat big Too big&#9654;  Write a reviewGold's Gym Adult Sauna Suit (XL/XXL)Gold's Gym Adult Sauna Suit (XL/XXL)Gold's Gym Merchandising LLC.How do you rate this product?Leather Case Holster Cover Side Pouch with Belt Clip for Nokia C5-03 - BCB BrandLeather Case Holster Cover Side Pouch with Belt Clip for Nokia C5-03 - BCB...BCBHow do you rate this product?Nokia C5-03 Custom-Fit Screen Protector(3 PCS)Nokia C5-03 Custom-Fit Screen Protector(3 PCS)CellularFactoryHow do you rate this product?Altus Athletic Thermal Training Suit (Large/X-Large)Altus Athletic Thermal Training Suit (Large/X-Large)Altus AthleticHow do you rate this product?I'm starting to configure, and manage, it seems a very advanced phone.,Well apparently has a disadvantage because apparently you can not change the language to Spanish., And not do it or do it., Please let me know or explain it to me.,Another point I think is that the battery So they sold me does not work does not take charge., And immediately download in fifteen minutes remove the charger., Although follow the manufacturer's instructions for thisE-Mail: juanromero2001@hotmail.com

I'm really dissapointed this is not the nokia c5-03! is the nokia c5-04 and does not have wifi or WLAN conectivity, right now Im outside the US and I realize that this phone does not have WLAN connectivity and I hate it!......I feel betrayed by this seller.

I am leaving in VA in USA and I took it to my brother about this product in May,2012 after that I went to my brother , to Turkey ( May 14,2012)and I gave himfor gift. He used just one day and he said me It is not working. It was not working and I felt real so bad, I was very embarrassed. I spent 170 $ for it but it wasn' t working.  Than e few my friends told me the same problem for this cell phone...I want my money back. This is not good...
