
got my new phone fastno problems with shipping itworks amazing / have had no problems with itit was at a really good price too

Phones arrive in good shapeThis feed back im providing is good ,. the package arrived when expected and in good shape

received phone as described, only wish it had come with the owners manual. I was able to download it as a pdf from Apple. Works great!

lost my phone and this one came quickly. it works okay however i do have a crack near the camera. The headphone that was shipped was very poor quality and I had to order new ones.

I bought this to get my kids into a smartphone without adding to the current contract. The phone works great and I have a very happy daughter.

The camera stopped working and it will randomly call out on facetime or add calls to the call im already on

its an iphone, what is there not to love. . . . . . . . . . . .

After getting really excited to find that an Amazon seller had 16GB white iphones available, I jumped at the opportunity.However, after receiving a Verizon instead of T-Mobile phone, I was assured that paying an additional $120 would grant me the T-Mobile 16GB phone I was looking for.What did I get? An 8GB iPhone that I could have bought at Apple (for the same price). When I brought it up to the seller, he said, they don't make 16GB anymore.. I have the string of emails where he reassured me that I would receive a 16GB phone, but after 2 let downs.. I just gave up. Also, the seller does not answer his phone. You are stuck with email banters which are clearly exhausting. :(

Great buy and this phone works just  like new. Very happy with my Phone purchase. Would make this purchase again.

After some issues with this phone, called Apple Tech Support and found out that this phone had major damage done prior to selling it. The screen had been shattered by a relative hard &#34;drop&#34;!  Replacement of the phone was denied.  The screen was replaced by a 3rd party which voided the warranty. The cord received with it also was bunched and frayed and has problems charging the phone.  Tech support says that such massive damage would have most likely caused internal damage also.  Requesting a refund or replacement of a non damaged phone with at least 3 months of warranty.

I have been extremely happy with my iphone.  The condition it was in was a real plus and everything works well.

I am not sure whether it was refurbished or not, but the phone will not hold a battery charge.  This is not my first iPhone, but it's the first one I have had so little battery life with.  I have tried all the tricks, it appears this phone is defective.

The purchase was in great condition and works perfectly!  I am very satisfied with the purchase price as well.  Thanks

My IPhone was about to die, and I have another month until my upgrade. I searched for any other phone I could get for cheap, and last until I do upgrade. I went through every phone I could think...and came across another iPhone. This one is the same as mine, but it was only 160 bucks. It's refurbished, but still looks nearly perfect...came with screen protectors on the front and the back, the body is perfect, came with the brand new charger, headphones, and in the box, just like a new one. The only thing that makes it not completely perfect, is on the screen in the corner, there is a slight yellow spot inside. It's small and not in the way of anything though, so it doesn't bother me too much. I might actually keep this one longer and not upgrade until I have to. I would buy from this seller again, shipment was fast, came a day sooner than expected even. Made me happy.

When I opened the box the phone looked almost brand new, aside from two superficial marks on the side like what was listed in the description. However, upon taking it to Verizon to have it activated, I quickly discovered that this phone is WATER DAMAGED. The speaker does not work, so phone calls cannot be made, and the water damage was severe and the phone cannot be insured or repaired due to the extensive damage. I am disgusted and for lack of a better word pissed off that I wasted my time and money with this seller and this phone.

I have always been an android user and was fairly pleased until my phone began to develop a lot of glitches.  In all fairness, the droid was over three years old.  When I went into Verizon for an upgrade, I chose the Iphone 4.  One factor was that it was FREE!!! with a two-year contract which I would have gotten no matter which phone I chose.  All that being said, I love, love, love this phone.  It is so simple to set up and use and there are no troublesome widgets to configure.  I worked with the droid all the time trying to get my home page "just right."  Now, I text, talk, check email, play a game or two and that's that. Easy is good! I am a very happy camper!

I ordered this phone for my son, and he was very pleased with the phone. Thanks for a great product.

This was supposed to be an iphone 4s it even came in an iphone 4s phony box but its actually a 4. What a rip off!!!

We bought two of these &#34;new&#34; iPhones but once opened it was very clear they weren't new. One phone had dirt & grime along edges as well as a couple of dings on the top.  But the worst thing was there was a pic of someone's thumb in the photos.  This phone was clearly used and already set up.  The 2nd phone was just junk!  The screen was frozen/locked and unable to be set up.  These phones are refurbs or worse....if I am paying for a new phone, I want a new phone.  It was obvious, since both phones had issues, that this is not a reputable dealer.  We contacted Amazon and did receive our money back, but if you are going to list something as new....don't you think it should be....?  WE WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS BUYER TO ANYONE NOR WILL WE CONSIDER DOING BUSINESS WITH THEM AGAIN!

I got my iphone pretty quick. And it started to have defects so i contacted them and they replaced my 16gb to a 32gb!!!!!! &#128525;

It works good for what I wanted to use it for (iTunes).  When I received it, it was scummy looking.  Had to clean it with electronic wipes and a toothpick to get all the crud out. Besides it not being clean when I received it, I am satasified with it.

I purchased this Apple iPhone 4 through Amazon Warehouse fulfillment.  After three days of use, the touch screen became unresponsive and was no longer working properly.  I powered the phone down completely a couple of times to no avail.  I then decided to take it to an Apple Store and was told that the touch screen was &#34;on its way out&#34; and could not be fixed. Due to the fact that this is a phone sold through Amazon and not Apple, I had no protection, warranty, etc. and had to replace the phone for $150. They replaced it with another iPhone 4 16GB, but one that has never been used (new).  A word of caution Amazon consumers, DON'T PURCHASE PHONES OR ELECTRONICS SECOND-HAND through Amazon Warehouse. Please, heed this warning from a very dissatisfied customer.

This phone is a waste of time if you want a GSM unit with an external sim card slot.  The phone cannot be used on any GSM networks worldwide, this was very disappointting for me. it is completely useless................

I ordered the wrong cell phone, I needed an unlocked phone that can be used abroad and not a Verizon phone.

The merchant was excellent.  I've already replaced the phone.  One drop and the glass was so cracked we couldn't use it.  Very sad.

FOR MORE COMFORT MUST SURE THAT THE ITEM CAN WORK ANOTHER CONTRY , SO I CANOT USE IT IN MY CONTRY

Couldn't be more angry! Shortly after turning on the phone, I got a message saying that this phone was reported stolen! I can't make calls and I can only send texts when I'm connected to the wifi. Terrible product!

this iphone 4 has no manual booklet and no headphone set. just a phone and a charger. CDMA version, no SIM card slot, cannot use it in China or other countries.

I consider this to be a great phone for no other reason than it's my first smart phone. Yes I know I'm always behind the times and one of the last to catch up. But regardless, it does everything and more than I need a phone to do. I do find it rather easy to figure out all the features so that's a plus. And although it operates on the 3G network it's all the speed I need for now.

Initially, I was please with this purchase.  It looked brand new in the box....but one month in we have found out differently. It has started malfunctioning already and when my daughter took in into apple dealer we discovered battery was old and pieces were missing inside.  Buyer beware!! I would not of purchased this except for the fact that her upgrade was not available for quite a while.  This seller had a great rating but I guess you can't go by that either :(

I love iphones. I needed one quickly and at a low price after mine was stolen. The phone came right on time. I was upset about the long crack at the bottom of the screen and the phone was dirty around the home button and the switch on the side. Other than that , the phone worked well. I haven't had any problems so far.

Bought this phone for my Granddaughter attending Bible College ... and ... SHE LOVES IT!!!  And ... if SHE'S happy ... I'm happy!!!

I received it on time. It works wonderful. No cracks or bumps. The systems, apps, settings, sleekness is all good. Nothing bad to say. It works well. It did not crap out on my like my LG enlighten. If you want something that works and don't freeze up. Iphone is the way to go.

Bought for the wife for a birthday gift. Now she plays with it all the time. It keeps her connected in real time with family and friends. She loves it!!! Homerun!!!!

The charger the sent me is not an Apple product and the phone rejects it often. There is no mirroring and it's 3G so make sure your okay with these things before you buy.

It said it was a verizon phone, but when I went to verizon to get it turned on they told me it was not and did not tell me what provider it was

This would be 5 stars but I didnt know the phone would be so slow on 3G!!! its a good buy its almost as described there were some scratches on the front and back that werent in the description.

Good phone. Definitely some quirks though. If freezes up and zooms in soaraticaly. I think I might like this phone.

The product shipped in a hurry compared to what expected. I have always wanted an iPhone just never puirchased one up until now. I'd recommend this product to anyone and everyone.

I had my phone that I ordered arive 4 days before it was suppose to come and was in complete working ordered

The camera does not work on the phone. Otherwise it works fine, but to me that's a problem. I am going to try to get it fixed.

Phone was here a few days before delivery date but had a small problem with phone and went to a local service shop and had it fixed the day i got the phone and payed out of my own pocket to have it fixed because i had to have phone working for my job. Then the seller and i came to a agreement and the seller made things right by putting the total of phone repair into my bank account. Thank you!!!!!

This is an AWESOME phone. If you're a guy, the ladies will fall head over heals for you. If your a girl, you'll look like a million bucks. This phone is FASSSTTT, and high quality. There really isn't any point in buying the 4S, this is almost exactly the same, just without Siri.

Very nice phone, cool to use, good number of accessories, lightweight. Nice color, good applications, good speaker.  A nice phone to have.

I need to know your phone has sim card s lot, Because I want to take it back to my country,My country have to use by sim card

It was my grand daughter's purchase. She is enjoying this very much thank you. She seems to like all that an iphone can do.

This does exactly what it is suppose to do so I have no complaints at this time. Great phone for a great price!

Usual high quality and service that is expected from an Apple product! Always recommend this product to anyone who is looking for high quality!

Shipping was fast.Easy enough to activate.Glitchy from the start.Front camera stopped working completely.Finally crashed to black screen after only a few weeks' use.

I've never bought anything used before on-line and I must say this I-phone was in excellent condition .  It was delivered on time and no problem with connecting the phone to my Verizon Plan .

TERRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY! I recieved what I thought was a new apple iphone in the mail. It was registered as someone else's name and broke after two days. I took this product to Apple and they told me they could not fix the phone because it was a FAKE iphone, not one of the internal or external pieces were made by apple. I contacted the seller and once I exposed there sale of fraudulent phones, they denied my right of return and/or reimbursement.

Found out it was actually only an 8GB phone when I got it in the mail which was extremely disappointing and had a malfunction with the on/ off button and sound switch.

The condition was listed as good and I was expecting it to be dirty or something, but nope! It looked almost brand new :)

The product was a worse than the seller described. Lots of screws for protective shields and multiple protective shield are missing inside.It looks disassembled once and incorrectly re-assembled.

Product is exactly as described.  Previously had an 8G Iphone 4; this is exactly the same but I can hold more playlists for traveling.

Seems to have sustained water damage. Daughter ended up dropping it and breaking screen before a return could be arranged.

Wasn't sure what to expect as a new customer was BrandNew just like they said everything was in box .No problems satisfied customer!

I have bought 2 of these from here and a third one is on the way. These are brand new, delivered usps 2 day shipping. These are unlocked phones and work on the Verizon network. Contrary to the miss information on here. This do work on Straight Talks unlimited plan. When you activate this verizon phone with Straight Talk tell them that you are doing a &#34; BYOP&#34; it will cost $14.00 if you are already with Straight Talk.

Bought this phone for my girlfriend and within a week, the infamous white screen of death appeared. I don't believe it was the seller's fault or the fault of my accident prone girlfriend, simply a hardware malfunction I learned was common with this model phone.

I purchased a used iphone but it looks brand new! SoonerSoft was willing to meet any needs or concerns that I might have had. The charger was not the original one, but it works well and I am satisfied!

I knew this was a used phone, but when it arrived, my son thought it was new.  Easy to activate through Verizon's web support...this was a replacement phone.  My son was upset at first since the phone was using an old iOS that would not allow downloading certain games and when he went to settings, there was no &#34;software update&#34; option.  A quick Google search returned the result that you had to hook the phone up to  a computer and download the latest iOS software through iTunes.  This took some time, but now he has the latest iOS 7 and is a happy camper.

The product was used before most likely a few times,it had a few scratches on the outer plastic but otherwise it can be considered as new,works like a charm and beats buying one from Verizon for $500.

My Son Loves his phone, And he doesn't use much GB because where we go has WIFI. I ordered the Galexy s3 and I hate that, couldn't even use it. This I phone he was able to use right away and has been great, No problems.

This phone was purchased actually to downgrade from a 4S that bricked on me after doing an apple update - which is another story but it was never unlocked or modded so who knows what happened there. It is in lovely condition with barely any wear and I love the CDMA version so I don't have to get Verizon to switch over my Sim info. Still working very well. Awesome!

Product came in excellent condition as detailed, phone shipped in quick time and works perfectly without complaints.After receiving the phone I was easily able to have it connected to a Verizon Wireless phone plan without difficulty, and it has worked great thus far.

I love this phone. And I'm not an Apple fanboy, I've owned Androids and I've owned feature phones. Each have their pros and cons. Here's my list of likes and dislikes:Like:Reliable. I can count on this phone to not crash, restart, or otherwise fail. I turn it off once every few days, just so it gets reset every so often. I've never HAD to, though. It runs fluidly and smoothly, as intended. My Android didn't fare as well, with crashes and restarts as much as twice a day.Fast. Apps load and switch seamlessly. Camera loads in a second, so I can snap that shot before it passes.Battery. It literally lasts about 2 days with moderate use, if I didn't play on it so much I wouldn't doubt it'd last 3 days. It's fantastic to not worry about power management or if I have my charger with me.Camera: Shutter speed is fast, flash is bright, shots are clear and crisp. Video is 720p. Very nice!Apps: An app for every occasion. I have games, a news app, flashlight, social networking, skype, GPS, etc. It's awesome.iOS: It's great. The new notification pull-down is so convenient. It basically copied the Android version (for once!) and it executed it well.Dislikes:Not much. Not as open as Android. Jailbreaking helps.No notification light. It would be nice to have an LED to let you know when you have a notification.No 4G. It's becoming more and more mainstream, but when this phone came out only Sprint had 4G so it's not too big a deal.I would HIGHLY recommend this phone, or the 4S, which is basically the same with a little better processor and camera, and Siri. It never fails to disappoint me.

The phone arrived very quickly and is in great shape. The home button is a little slow, however. Overall a great purchase! Thank you!

their is no place for SIM card I was not able to use over seas, I gave it for free

The I phone was just how advertised.It was in like new condition.Had no problem activating and works great.My daughter is very happy,thankyou

My first iPhone, this was a used phone and it soon became apparent why it was traded in. First the positives: love how streamlined integration is with my iPad and Macbook. Very easy to use. Overall very happy with iPhone, just not this particular phone. The alerts/rings for texts and phone calls only works sporatically, actually doesn't work most of the time. I can have the phone right next to me and get a text and phone doesn't make a sound or vibrate. And yes, I have checked and rechecked my settings.  Occasionally text alerts sounds - there doesn't appear to be any pattern to when it works or not. Very frustrating. Have also missed calls b/c phone didn't ring or vibrate. I'm stuck with this until I can upgrade phone but really unhappy that it doesn't work properly.

I was stock on a bad contract and not able to upgrade my device until November 2015. I was thinking buying something new until I saw this IPhone for $250.00 Of course it&#8217;s free with a 2 year contract from Verizon, but not for me and a bad contract. I was paying full price or getting stock with my 4 year old device. Well, got my phone, call Verizon to activate. Everything was done over the phone. Updated the operating system and I can't be happier. There are plenty of accessories for this iPhone so I got me the Lifeproof cover and clip for less on Amazon, and I have to tell you, life it&#8217;s good with my IPhone 4. Battery Keeps the charge and I get almost all the features from the IPhone 5.

Very bad phone! Battery dies after a few minutes & touch screen doesn't work all the time. Bad experience with refurbished phone :(.

cosmetically perfect.  no complaints.

I had ordered a 16GB phone and received a 8 GB phone instead.  No problems with the iphone at all - just did not get what I ordered.

this iPhone is the best IPhone yet I'm not into the new phones like the iPhone 5s and ect. this phone is smaller and feels more sturdy then the newer phones out there

I said that it didn't work, but it needed updates, which I did and it works now. The only problem is that it is 3 yrs old so updates slow it down, but I still like it.

The description of the iPhone 4 was exactly correct.  The owner stated that it was like brand new and when I received the phone it looked brand new.

it said there were scratches and I saw none which was great. but the camera lens had water damage and was completely unusable which the summary did not tell me. I had to buy a new phone from the apple store to have a usable camera.

IT WOULD'VE BEEN A GREAT PHONE FOR A GREAT PRICE IF IT WAS COMPATIBLE WITH STRAIGHT TALK. ONLY WORK FOR VERIZON

It was posted that this iphone is "new" so i Bought this iphone as gift for my sister but after i received it, scratches are all over.

I choose this rating due to. I was looking for a straight talk I phone. This was in the listings. Price was great so I ordered it. When receiving it I called to switch phones & straight talk said phone wasn't compatible. So I had to request a refund. Make sure I was home for 4 days before pick up was made. Then waited another 5 days till received my money for my refund. Although I was shocked and pleased when the shipping was refunded.

The phone arrived precisely on time, was packaged nicely, and for all practical purposes looks like a new phone. The charger, earphones and cord looked to be new.

I love the iphone 4! I came over from the blackberry bold and there is no comparison between these two products. The iphone has such a clear screen and just amazing features that I cannot believe that I didn't switch over sooner. I thought I would be a dedicated blackberry phone user forever but after buying this phone I have no regrets! Awesome phone!

Great deal!

I really dislike how I can't download any apps and update my software in a way I feel like this was a ripe off.

Home button broken and doesnt work properly, definitely not what was advertised, but oh well. Life will go on, it happens.

My daughter lost or should  say had it stolen her original Iphone 4S thus having to buy another but in order to save a little she obt for the 4 instead of 4S (which means only Sirus lady speaking).  Buying off this dealer was simple, easy and much impressed with the refurbushed product and especially how quick it was delivered.  Much impressed, phone overall is great, works well and now flaws!

within 60 days it would not work without being plugged in with power cord. My daughter, for whom I bought the phone took it to the Apple store and was told it had water damage. She needed a phone right away so she bought another one there

Works as expected, like it a lot.  It's a bit fragile though, already dropped it once and there are cracks in the glass.

This is my second iPhone 4 and I love it.  I love it.  I love it.  Takes great pictures.  Easy to use.

Thank you for giving me a great phone. It is in great shape easy to activate and your response for help on point.

I cannot get enough of this phone.  I carry it everywhere I go now.  I just need to set the ringtone to my favorite song.

Phone was alright : worked fine. Held a battery charge 2 hours, was not told the on and off switch did not functionApple store could not help because it was not purchased through them

The phone was perfect, only that i made a mistake and instead of unlocked it was locked so i had to send it back. They assisted me well with the return and i like dealing with such honest people. I will come back and buy from them again.

I have been wanting to try an iphone but didn't want to spend a lot of money.  The one I received was in perfect condition no scratches and it was easy to get it set up on Verizon's website.

Your a fool if u buy this! The iPhone 4S is free st the apple store! U just have to pay your usual phone bill!

The phones are not new they have been used andd worked on before. I cracked my screen and went toget it fixed and they asked where did i get this phone because its missing piece on the inside!!! The place the holds the battery down was gone and IT WAS SUPER GLUED DOWN!!!!!. DONT BUY ITS A RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!

I received this phone for Christmas I activated it Jan. 1at.  The first sign of trouble was the charger was broken on a brand new phone. I went out and bought one because I was excited to get it working.  After it was activated I had immediate issues I thought it may be my fault for not  understanding a smart phone.  I went to 2 co workers who had the same phone they said there was definitely a problem with the phone I couldn't download things and time after time the phone would reset my password.  I contacted the company they said they would replace the phone when I sent it back.  I got a email stating they received the phone now they asked if I had a tracking # etc... not the new phone is on its way its been over 3 weeks with NO refund or Phone.  I now am contacting my credit card to check for fraud  Contacting the BBB DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!! This was supposed to be a generous gift from my Husband and now its become a nightmare!!! Cynthia Hare

Speaker didn't work.  Easy to return , haven't seen credit yet but should be coming  Easy to purchase the phone

It came quickly and is what I ordered but because it was gently used im assuming refurbished even its very slow and lags on the new ios software

I received my phone and it was in wonderful shape. The only thing that is a con is that the home key I have to hit a few times sometimes before it will respond. Other than that I love it and would recommend it to anyone.

Needed a replacement for lost/stolen one.  This used one was that, had a few problems getting it working like the old one, biggest pain was getting contacts etc on it.  Has done a few quirky things (locked up, or went into an odd mode) and did have to take it to Verizon and Apple store to get it working again.f

Good so far five stars! Bought a week ago! My wife loves it but wish it was a virgin mobile and not verizon oh well.

Very dissatisfied,  Purchased according to the description a &#34;NEW iphone 4&#34;.  Got a refirbished.  When I contacted the seller the response was &#34;Why do you think it's refirbished?&#34;  Not exactly the response I would give or expect to get when the seller indicated it was new.  The phone came with no accessories as well as you cannot accept incoming call without going on speaker.  Never will I purchase again from this seller or use amazon in the future.

The phone looked BRAND NEW and works GREAT! The phone was in the original box and everything looked straight out of the factory, I am completely thrilled with the shipping and handling. My iPhone 5 from verizon cracked and I had no insurance this phone I purchased because the price of purchasing an even older version of the iPhone 5 ( like the iPhone 4 ) at this great price is very difficult to find- at the Verizon store it is more than double the price ! Purchasing this phone was a life and money saver! Thank you!!

He iPhone that I ordered was discribed and came in exactly when it was sapost to and I bought it for my little sister as an birthday present and I can't wait to c the look on her face when she see's it

Great phone, Very clean, no dents and it worked like new! I am thinking about buying another for myself. Last one was a gift

swindled me, the Apple iPhone 4  came with the screen bad and said that if it was in good condition. not recommended

I LOVEEE MY IPHONE 4 ! IT CAME ON TIME, NO CRACKS NOTHING WRONG WAS IF-E IF I SHOULD BUY IT BUY IT BUT WORKS LIKE A CHARM !! BUYING ONE MORE LOVE IT SO MUCH THANKS !

I bought this phone and when it arrived, it was fine, but a few days later, it started acting funny (black screen, horrible sound, random restarts,etc.). I brought it into the apple store and found out the charger port was corroded. I had to buy a new one for $150 bucks. Would not recommend this. I don't know if it was just mine, but I wouldn't take a chance.

hello I want to buy the iphone you're selling, I would like to know under what conditions this screen and buttons phone. I also want to know if this unlocked for use with any telephone company and if you have sim card slot

This is a fantastic device! I have seen so many reviews of this phone that I wanted to just specifically address something ignored or not noticed about it by most of the people I have known who have one.  The headphones are special to the phone and they come with a tiny mic in the cord that hangs down by your neck. You can raise or lower the volume here (look for the plus and minus signs) but you can also hang up a call by pressing the center between the volume buttons.  Also, if you hang up a call and then want to listed to some music, you don't have to touch the phone you can just hit that center button again and a song will start playing (using that center section)using the play/pause!I have heard the newest model are shaped differently and smaller too.

No Marks on it anywhere. Looks new. I hate having to sign contract extensions every time I need to upgrade. Buying used phones allows you to still upgrade, and not be locked into another 2 year contract.

I received my Apple iPhone 4 Verizon in amanufacturers sealed box the day before we were to leave on vacation. No cracks, or damage  that I could see. I hurried over to Verizon. The associate there was extremely courteous and knowledgeabe. She transfered data from my Galaxy mini 3 and had my iphone 4  operable in no time with no stress. It has not been a week but I believe I got what I paid for...

I was skeptical to buy such an item on-line, especially via Amazon, but I was proven wrong, I had it acivated with Verizon and it worked, and still works great. Would make another puchase thru this sellar again in a heartbeat.

I bought this phone over the summer, my last one was stolen from a different company and i was very scared to buy a new one. However i decided to go with my gut and buy it. upon delivery i sent emails to the company and they answered within 24 hours tops and everything they described about the phone was true, i used a website to make it wasn't stolen and it wasn't! i really recommend this phone for anyone looking for a new iPhone. I have had it for 4 months and there are no problems with it :)

Love it even though I haven't learned all the things I can do on it. I would reccommend this product

This is an Apple product. What more is there to say? A giant improvement over my DROID, a good smart phone by itself, but no Apple. Apple's iOS is easy to use and works flawlessly. iCloud keeps all my gadgets in sync. Siri pretty much does what she is advertised to do (with a few hiccups.) Supposedly Siri is in beta and I expect really great things from her when the real version is finished. Apple accomplished a formidible task when they developed an AI-based voice recognition system that works with natural language as opposed to numerous competitor's requirements to remember an assortment of code words like "dial" and "call." If someone tells you that Siri isn't revolutionary, don't believe them.The only weak point as far as my personal (reasonably heavy) use is concerned is battery life.  The battery barely makes it through the day. A post 5.0 iOS release helped a bit, but it's still not enough for me so I bought a BOOST case so I don't have to worry about running out of juice.

with my experience the phone arrived in perfect condition with no problems, however the phone did not work an i got the 4s not the 4 i had ordered. i personally talked to a very nice ladie who was as concerned as i was. she helped me with the situation an we got the problem resolved an i got a full refund on the phone. i will continue to buy stuff from them because the customer service was 10x better than i would have expected.

Phone's home button only worked sporadically... did not match the description of being &#34;like new&#34; - sent back to amazon

i gave it a 4 star it shipped fast was here and was able to activate it fast i so far love the phone came with the earbuds and charger and that was not listed so that's great! and a phone case but he only said it had a small scratch but it also had a dent in the bottom of the phone like its been dropped i feel like the phone listed was to much for what he was asking for should have been listed as very used and ok condition.

I bought this to get out of my Droid, and it worked for a few days then the battery went bad. Weather or not the seller knew about this I have no idea, and if they did its not a big deal it cost like $15 to replace the battery myself so not a big deal at all. Other than that the phone got to me when it was supposed to and it works great now that the battery has been replaced.

The shipment was very fast and arrived before the expected date. However when I receives the phone it did not work. The seller was very understanding and helped to make everything right. The phone was just a bad egg that slipped through.

iPhone 4 is an outstanding phone,still learning about apps and new stuff on phone

I didn't realize it was a verizon phone--I may have clicked on the wrong item when ordering it.  I need to read more closely before placing the order.  Sorry for the inconvenience

I was in a real hurry to replace a phone that I lost.  This seller made every effort to get the phone to me as quickly as possible; thus, it arrived in two days from date of purchase (no extra delivery charge). The used phone arrived as described which was in good condition.  I also was able to load onto mobile server without any difficulties.

It was everything it said it would be. But the charging block didn't work so I should have only given 4 stars

I orderd a white iPhone 4S but I was sent a black one .. The good thing about that was they refunded me back $30! But My speakers don't work. & My screen came with scratches on it!

but i could not take not pictures. the back of the phone looks like it has be remove and not but it on right

this phone was what I was looking for it is great I have not one complaint!! I would order again when I need too.

My daughter bought herself this phone for herself ( she is 15yrs old). She was very happy with the purchase. The seller made it very easy. She is very happy.

Good condition works great the only thing is that manufacture states its a black iPhone but who cares I love it

I used to have Samsung Android phone. I got so frustrated with the phone dropping the apps and I had to restart the phone a few times a days to be able to log on to some of the apps. In addition, I dislike greatly the Facebook app on the Android phones. Now that I have started using the iPhone, I will never go back to the Android phone again. Ever.

The iPhone was very clean we'll care for but the crack another concern was I never realize when I was buying it that it was 4 and not 4 s, I am a little disappointed

great for what I paid. Didn't expect to love an iphone this much, but it was really great. Awesome condition.

I received the phone very quickly. There were only a few dings but other than that it looks beautiful. I love it and it works perfectly I am happy that I got the 16gb as well has plenty of space for what I use it for  :)

The phone had no original accessories only worked about 2 weeks and about 3 months ago was returned for a refund and still expect an answer, I think that was a failure buy

We have had microprocessors for half a century yet so much of what we use seems flaky and unreliable. Think how much better our lives would be if we trusted computers to do what they are supposed to do. Personally, my distrust of technology comes from my rebooting Blackberry Storm 2, my LG Blu-Ray player that cannot see my DLNA media server, my Cingular 8125 that could not connect to the internet, my cable DVR box that deleted my shows, and the Windows ME operating system that threw me daily blue screens of death. After half a lifetime of buying stupid pieces of crap that don't work anyway, I was ready to give up on technology and go the sextant and wax seal route. The iPhone 4S showed me that I can trust technology again. It is one of the few pieces of technology that make me truly proud of what our civilization has accomplished. It has changed my relationship with microcomputers. For that, I am truly grateful.

I expect quality for the price I pay, and this iphone didn't let me down. I like the phone and won't change it anytime soon.

Had a little trouble using it, but overall it was worth the price. I am a very happy, and satisfied customer!

Battery life lasts less than 8 hours.Very slow processing speed.Sticks constantly in use of programs, including text messaging and shifting between apps.

This is the best phone in the world and anyone who said they didnt like it are crazy. i love it

Upon activation, I discovered this phone, purchased as &#34;NEW&#34; -- had actually been used and in service for 18 months, according to serial number verification by Verizon.  The owner of Top Shelf Electronics emailed me the following response:&#34;Some of these devices have been activated before but remained in new condition. It does not mean the phone was used. It is impossible to get any never unactivated iPhone 4 for Verizon anywhere but Verizon itself.&#34;Please be aware that this vendor is selling used items as NEW

Great replacement for my iPhone!  The vender was great and the phone arrived on time!! Will definitely use again. A pleasure to do business with.

I've been using the iPhone 4 (Verizon) for about a month now.  Prior, I had an HTC Droid Incredible for 2 years and before that, a Blackberry Curve--so my vantage point for comparing the iPhone to other smartphones is pretty good.First APPEARANCE...  the phone is sleek and beautiful.  The materials Apple used for this phone put all of my previous phones to shame.  They now feel cheap, like a dumpy car next to a Lexus.  KEYBOARD: the phone has an excellent virtual keyboard--much better than the Androids.  But, of course, there's nothing like an actual QUERTY keyboard.  On the iPhone 4, I can type quickly and accurately most of the time.  It doesn't have a built in mouse (like my Droid Incredible did), so you have less control of the cursor's position, but there is something wonderful about the screen that I can't describe.  The auto-correct is also incredibly intuitive at fixing typos.  WEB BROWSING: excellent but equal to the android.  APP STORE: Apple charges for many of the applications that Android gives away for free, but the App Store has a nice selection and most of the apps work well.  With the Android App Store, you sometimes get apps that totally don't work or force-close all the time.  CUSTOMIZATION: yes, it's true--the Android gives you a zillion times more control over customizing your phone.  For 2 years, I goofed around with all the layout options.  And now, after one month of having a pretty fixed iPhone setup, I've come to the following conclusion.  "Who cares?!"  The iPhone has such a nice and easy-to-use layout that there's really not much need to change it around.  BATTERY LIFE: It's not bad.  If you keep the Location services shut off and close down applications when not in use, the battery can give you a decent run for your money.  Battery life on this phone is much better than what I've experienced with the Andriod.  (Also, Apple recently sent a battery-life fix to all iPhone4/4S users and I've definitely seen improvement.)  With this phone, I don't feel overly pressured to conserve the battery.  CALL/VOICE QUALITY: No distortion or breaking up.  My phone hasn't dropped any calls and the signal strength has been slightly better than on my Android.Now, some of the cons...  This phone's screen seems much more likley to break if dropped on it's face.  If you're a clutz, get the Otterbox or another super protective case.  The volume for the phone's different functions is not very customizable. Meaning, you can't make your ringer loud and email notification soft.  They're linked together.  I find this annoying b/c I'd prefer to keep my ringer volume up at night in case of an emergency.  However, I'd rather not be woken up by email notifications.  Another small con, the phone's comfort on the ear is mediocre.  (My old phone felt better.)  Also, the grip isn't excellent.  It's not slipping and sliding like a soapy dish, but the grip could have a better feel.  I suppose Apple was more concerned with the sleek shape when designing the phone.In conclusion, I really like the iPhone 4 and recommend it.  So far, it hasn't given me a single problem.  However, if you're crossing enemy lines from an Android, the iPhone does take some getting used to.  For my first 2 weeks , I complained nonstop about every single thing the iPhone couldn't do (like live wallpaper or landscape mode on some applications)--but then I started appreciating its beauty and simplicity.  Today, I'm really happy to be an iPhone 4 user.  I say give it a try!

I bought this phone to transfer it to my cellphone carrier and I couldn't do it because the cellphone wasn't brand new and it was already messed with. It was advertised as brand new and it wasn't.

Phone arrived faster than I thought it would which was great. Was able to transfer all of my data to it, works great! I had broken my 4s and did not have the insurance, so the price was very good as well. I have since purchased a LifeProof case!

It works great!!!

I originally thought the phone was great, but slowly realized that it doesn't play on my ipod dock. Also when I put it on speaker, it echos for the person on the other line. I would definitely buy again based on price, but not the perfect phone I thought it would be.

This phone was just want my kids wanted and it worked well right out of the box. They love this phone and it is still working well and brand new with all the attachments. Thank you

Phone came as advertised in good condition and works great.  We bought it as my sons first smartphone and it's working out great.

The person that I got this phone loves it! We found out we could get this phone for practically half price on Craigslist but most of those phones were used and I felt like she should get a &#34;new&#34; one. The price is a little expensive for an iPhone 4. Not even the 4S.

I bought this used phone as a replacement for my daughter because her phone was stolen. The phone was in great condition and came with a charger and earphones.

i bough this iphon to give as a present to my siter in love ,very good for a nice pricei give A +

When I received the phone it had been reported lost or stolen. Therefore, I was unable to activate it through a cellular service. I sent it back to the third party. Thankful that Amazon got involved, I had to create a claim to get my money back!!!!! Thank you Amazon for your customer service and fixing a frustrating situation!!

I just want to say that my customer service while dealing with jmacst18 was excellent!  My experience was very timely, honest, and friendly.  I would certainly use them again!  The phone was in the exact shape as stated in the ad and it was followed up with an email just be sure I was aware of the slight damage to the phone.  This was proven to be a very honest salesperson.

When buying an iPhone online it is way important that the description said clean esn and that it was scratch free and as a seller that you had a high ratting for the past product that you have sold.Some of the other phones that I looked at did not say if they had clean esn or not. So that is why I went with your phone over the others.

Used phone sold as new and come to find out way over priced as stated from the verizon store in town

I was a little worried about purchasing a reconditioned phone, but positive reviews about SikkSound encouraged me to take a chance and I am so glad I did!  I am not a super heavy user so it isn't worth it for me to spend $500 on a phone, so this less expensive option is perfect for me.  However, now that I have the phone, I would recommend it even for heavy users -- it feels, looks, and behaves like a brand new phone!  I have been using it for a month now, and it has been great.  Battery life is excellent, buttons work perfectly, screen is in perfect condition.  When my husband needs a new phone, we will definitely come to SikkSound again - I highly recommend getting a reconditioned phone from this seller - you can trust that it will be a good phone.  And as far as iPhones go, now that I have had the experience of using an iPhone, I won't ever go back to a non-smart phone.  I also have an iPad, and being able to sync them through iCloud is awesome!

the iphone isnt working how it suppose to,it said it was working perfectly fine but it notit keep turning off and on

I was aprehensive at first to purchase this iPhone from an unknown, but, it came out just as I had hoped...new, in the original box and it works perfectly.  Whew!

I absolutely love my iPhone 4, it may not have seri but it's just as useful and offers just about all the same things.

The phone didn't work at all I lost my money and time with y'all besides all that I didn't get a answer back from y'all about the defective product yall sold me

Love the iPhone and its sleek design. Top 3 smartphones thats currently out right now at the moment! The shipping was fast & prompt, it shipped the next day. (Ordered on a Thursday night) Received the actual product on a Tuesday, but it was actually ready to be in my hands on Monday, but there was construction on my road so I couldnt get it then. The phone I received looked brand new. No scratches, no dents, no cracks, no nada! It was definitely worth the 169$ i spent! The phone was ready to be activated and everything. I really thought it was gonna come up stolen for the price i paid, but nope! it was clean! I definitely recommend this phone & seller to anyone looking to buy an iphone, let alone a smartphone! :)

This is a VERY legit seller, at first I was nervous tobuy because i never bought a used phone offline but before my item was shipped i recieved a email with more details about the product. I recievce my phone in 3 days and in very good condition I HIGHLY suggest other users to buy from this seller.The phone had little to no scratches and was ready to be activated, exactly what i wanted in a great amount of time. Thank You Once again !

My phone is a bit slow and the home button needs to be pressed super hard to work. sometimes it takes to or three times until the button works. overall the phone works good and for a good price. thank you !

i love amazon warehouse and appreciate the flawless condition of the used iphone 4 at a reasonable price.  I think it was labeled used mostly because the box was slightly damaged.  Original packaging.  All accessories and the phone appeared to be in like new condition.I will definitely consider purchasing used phones again from amazon warehouse.  thank you!

Product works great and has not given us any issues. The battery is a little weak. A few scratches. good value.

This includes accessories iphone 4?

This phone was sold as NEW, when I received it it had dirt, scuffs and scratches all over, despite the 'original' stickers that were placed back on the phone. The charger was also extremely dirty and re-wrapped in plastic. At Verizon they showed me proof that it has been used since 2011 based on the phone's serial number, very disappointed in the misrepresentation of this product from the seller.

well its an Iphone 4, so if you like Iphone 4's then you will like this.  If you hate Iphone 4, you will hate this.  If you are indifferent to Iphone 4, you will be indifferent to this.  I give iPhone 4's 4 stars, so I gave this 4 stars.  Hope this was helpful.

I got this in August 2011. I felt like a million bucks with this in my pocket because they had just come out with the white version and it looked amazing whenever I showed someone it they looked in love with it.Pros:- was the best of the best at the time I got it now it is just the second best or third if you call the Samsung galaxy III a phone-looks better in white because then when someone looks at it they will know its a newer model- Looks just like the iPhone 4s and if you download evi it will be close to it.(evi is like Siri just limited)-gets free updates from appleCons:-Outdated-Does not compare to iPhone 4s I own both so I should know

The phone is great but I am use to an android.It was cheaper to buy than an android but the battery life doent last as long.But Amazon is great.

The seller was extremely helpful and responsive, even including the serial # of the phone for identification purposes. Phone arrived within 2 days of purchase, scratch-free and like brand new! Very happy overall, and I would definitely recommend this seller for anyone looking to purchase a refurbished smart phone. Best deal around.

I received my product on or before the delivery date and so far for it to be a used product I've not had but a few minor problems other than it doesn't seem to stay charged for very long. The charging port was dirty and had fuzz inside it.

The item arrived quickly and in good shape.  However needed a phone that could take a sim card so it didn't work for me!

The phone was in great shape; bought it to bring my wife into the iWorld.  Problem is it took 5 months for me to get her to give up her old slide phone, so I was well outside the return window when I took it to my local Verizon store yesterday and they were unable to activate it.  They told me it had probably been previously unlocked and used as a no-contract/prepaid program phone.  I have also not been able to turn off the Find My iPhone feature.  Seller was MAT Industries.  It really is in great condition, everything works on Bluetooth/Wifi/iTunes/all apps, so for $156, my daughter will have a nice 16GB iPod now that looks just like an iPhone 4.  I just hate that there's no way to contact MAT Industries to see if they'd let me exchange it with them now, even if they wouldn't offer full credit for purchase price.  They were great to deal with in getting my questions answered at the time.  My fault for procrastinating on activating it.

We had problems activating this phone because the previous owner had not cancel it. We had to wait more than what we wanted.

People on Amazon love the iphone. The guys at work love the iphone. My son and daughter-in-law love the iphone. Something must be wrong with me because this 57 year old Grandpa HATES my iPhone!I have tried for days,hours, weeks but I can barely get this iphone to do what I want it to do. I have had aps for shopping to lock up,and all I see is the spinning icon that says wait, but it NEVER finishes!When I open email once I find it, the mail is outdated and I can't find my new mail. I can use my computer with zero problems, but the iphone, I am totally lost.I can barely accomplish a web search with the iphone. Sometimes the "space tab" is missing at the bottom and I do not understand where it went or how to pull it up.I have tried looking at settings and other features on this iphone and still, I am in the dark. If you are older such as myself, I would first have someone to show me how they use the features on the iphone. Try them while they watch you, if you get frustrated as badly as I have, you might not want to buy one. But then, you may have the gift of iphoning and have no problems. As for me I feel as dumb as a bag of rocks with mine and NEVER AGAIN will I buy one of these. Hope you do better and enjoy your iphone.

Excellent customer service, knowledgeable help.  Would definitely buy/recommend.In my case, this was a replacement iPhone.  Better value here than from any ofthe major carriers.

Thought it was a 4s but I love it the same.  Great phone and no problems, got it in time

i was standoff-ish when buying a phone online, especally an iphone. when i received this phone, it looked just like the picture. everything was included, and when i called to activate it on verizon, i asked if the esn had ever been used and they told me no that this is a brand new never used iphone 4. very happy with this phone, i will def be recommending to other people!!

One of the speakers doesn't work...when people call or I call people the only way I can heAr them is if I put the phone on speaker phone!

I was iffy about getting a smart phone because of the advanced technology, but apple has made their product user friendly and easy to use.  I chose to buy a refurbished phone and it looks, and works like new.

I've had my iPhone for over 2 yrs and had had no problems whatsoever. Finally, for my mother's birthday, we bought her an iPhone and got rid of her pain-in-the-backside Samsung Facinate (which she had been suffering with for two years!). Not going back to Android.

when I got my iphone it worked very well and everything worked. but me and my friend recorded a video and you cant hear anything!

This phone is absolutely amazing but was not new out of the box like it said it would be. It was used a couple times with a couple little scratches here and there. But other than that its an awesome amazing phone! Highly recommended!! :)

Really nice phone..hardly to none at all dings or scratches, delivered really fast, good packaging but esn was very bad!! Verizon advised that phone was black- listed which meant that previous owner left a balance and they couldn't activate it right away!!  Luckily the person that was helping me @ verizon worked really hard to get it right .  Once everything was fixed phone is cherry!!!

I bought this phone back in  June for about $290! I thought this was a great deal, however within a few months I found out how bad this phone was. First of all, I thought this phone was brand new, because it was packaged as a new phone and there was no documentation stating it was a used phone/refurbished. Within a month this phone had a stuck power button. I went to Apple hoping they would fix it, and then was blasted with bad news. The phone was out of warranty (despite I owned it for a month) and had to pay $150 for a replacement. Needless to say I decided not to do this. Now the phone powers down after it is unplugged from a charger even though it is full charged. I won't ever buy from this retailer ever again. In fact, to show my disgust I broke the phone for good by repeatedly slamming it on concrete! Thanks for the wonderful fun and joy!

The balance of the phone is messed up. Whenever i turn the phone, the screen doesn't re size and turn with it like it's supposed to. It also freezes from time to time. Wouldn't buy from this company again.

Advertised as new when it is certainly not new. Terrible problems with the phone. Will be contacting amazon.

I got the  iphone 4s back in 2012 and its alright but could be better. but its still alright .

Needed a replacement phone for one that was stolen. This turned out to be a reliable refurbished phone and met the needs

My daughter is extremely happy with her new phone.  As advertised, the phone is in great condition exceeding my expectations; thank you!

This has been a pretty good phone. I don't use Siri much but it has been helpful a couple times.

The phone arrived and works perfectly.  It did have an issue charging, but it was the charger cube not the phone.  The company was more that nice and sent several replacements to make sure that I had a working cube.  They also included a free phone case with the original order and another with the replacement charging cube. I highly recommend these great people and would love to do business with them again.

When my 15 year old daughter shattered her iPhone you would have thought the world was ending. Fortunately, we were able to replace it quickly and effortlessly. The phone arrived in excellent condition, charged up and activated without a hitch. In fact, we ended up buying another iPhone 4 from the same vendor for my son. Both phones work great! I'll definitely be using this vendor again for any phone replacement needs.

This is the best phone ever! I love it I used to be a droid user but now I'm obsessed with iPhone I don't have to worry about it freezing up like my droid used to do and also the battery life is excellent took forever to die. At first I thought it was going to take me a couple days to learn this new phone but I caught on in seconds everything was easy didn't need a manual.

this item was sold as brand new-however it is actually 2 years old and the screen flashes.  when I contacted apple about it they said the manufacturers warranty had expired 13 months prior to my purchase.

I loved the color and the style. i had no trouble using it and I use it every day for pictures and communicating with friends. I have used the Ipod touch in the past,which is similar.It is a really great product.

Received exactly as advertised and works super. Very pleased with the product and the price.  I only put four stars because I don't feel you can &#34;love&#34; a product.

The iPhone 4 is an amazing phone.. Never force closes... Crisp clear display, fast processor, and haven't had a dropped call yet... So it's much better than my Verizon Droid X or my Sprint Evo.  I recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great &#34;apple&#34; experience.

This product was so amazing i feel like ordering another one. Plus no scratches ,no cracks , But just a smooth screen. Im in love with my iphone. Only received  an USB. But bad part is that it didn't come with a charger and i have to jail break it D:

I returned the product, but did not Celltronix reimbursement.And they do not answer my email.I need an immediate response.

The iPhone was exactly as advertised.  Activation was simple and done via the carriers web page. It's been two weeks and operating perfectly.  Thanks

Iphone is great, made girlfriend very happy. Came just as described, took to verizon to activate with no problems what so ever.

I have never bought anything like this online before and was somewhat skeptical to what i would receive.  This was to be a Christmas present for my daughter, not to mention her most wanted gift.  When I received it I was so impressed with its condition.  There wasn't a flaw with it, and as far as my daughter knew it was brand new.  I will not hesitate to purchase my next phone here.  Thank you!!

This appeared to be a brand new iPhone 4, and it was represented as &#34;New&#34; online. It came shrink wrapped in the box and looked totally new.  While it may have been new, it was totally defective.  Immediately after setting it up, the home button stopped working and the voice control would activate randomly when I was wasn't even holding the phone. It seemed too good to be true... I guess it was. I have another iPhone 4 and 5, both of which are terrific phones and have always been problem free. Buyer beware of these discounted &#34;New&#34; iPhone 4's. Thankfully, Amazon has a great return policy.

Love the iPhone. Have had no problems. Just can't keep my teenager off it long enough to talk to her. Would not have bought her another phone.

I bought this item for my daughter for Christmas. When it arrived, it had a defective charger port. I was told I could send the item back for a replacement so I did at my expense. After about three weeks of contacting them, I was told they did not have a replacement phone and they would refund my money which they did. They did not cover the return shipment cost in the refund though and my daughter is left without a phone until we find another one.

I actually did order a white iphone but received black. My daughter was disappointed but didn't want to wait for a replacement.

This apple iphone is very good ... I like almost new ... thank you very much I you my Iphone

The phone lags when typing and the home button often fails, but the phone as a whole is in good condition and gets the job done.

The phone was shipped on time and when I got the phone in the mail, it was protected from any damage.  The phone works great and had a clean ESN as advertised.

Phone was used and beat up. Phone did not work correctly and had many defects. Home button does not work correctly and there was a crack in the screen. The posting said it was &#34;LIKE NEW&#34; but it had many scratches and marks. I would not recommend to anyone.

What can I say other than the phone arrived really fast and was in good physical and working condition.And I need to add that it made my grand daughter REALLY happy!!

Turn on and off button stop workin all at once, I have a business and really needed a phone without issues right off from purchase

I was a little cautious to buy a phone online without seeing it, but I received exactly what was described.Phone works,  great condition, and received in a timely matter*your honest business is greatly appreciated*

Phone will shut off and have to hard boot it to get it to come back on,Top button hold and Home button till you see the apple.Very aggravating, had Apple Tech support try to help me fix it. Phone was way out of warrenty with them. But they still tried to help. REDID WHOLE PHONE WITH NEW SOFTWARE. still no good, would work fine for a couple days then act up shut off and not want to re start.Going to send back to seller and try one more Apple I phone Before going back to the Droid.Wasnt happy with shipping method Seller used US postal service took 8 days from NJ to NC. Could of gotten by Pony express faster,then US postal service.

This phone was everything i wanted it to be. A couple imperfections like a chip on the bottom corner and a couple minor scratches,m but still worth every penny.

This phone has all the bells & whistles not a bad phone especially for phone geeks like my selfLove the phone with razor sharp imagery I would definitely give it a 4 out of 5.

This iPhone was refurbished. It was described accurately, but has proven to have some sending/receiving problems such as not getting certain messages (picture and text). I do not know however of this is due to the actual iPhone or the cell phone provider. All in all the seller did a great job in sending the product to me quickly- before the estimated date of arrival.

Phone was just as described.. Works perfectly and no defects. ESN was good.. Very fast shipping! Great product! Would definitely buy again or refer to friends or family.

if i had one of these i would totally get it. i want this phone so bad. your lucky whoever has this phone.

This phone works great, I have had no issues at all with it, easy to activate and in amazing condition.

The iPone4 is fairly easy to use and this being  my second smartphone , I can say it's not all they make it out to be. I'm having trouble charging the battery and the battery doesn't last very long. Skype doesn't work from iPone to iPone very good and I can't use speakerphone because everyone complains about the echo. I always used speakerphone on my other phone with no problem. Then pure mobility didn't send me a receipt.

I ordered a 16GB, but what I received was a 8GB. Since my order was Amazon Prime I had no problems - Amazon was beyond amazing with the customer service relating to the return and refund. Even though it isn't the item I ordered I'm giving a 3 star rating because it otherwise seemed to operate completely as expected. No other similar item was available at a similar price and so I'm going in another direction for my cell phone purchase. My original order was a refurbished but I was impressed with the condition. My suggestions: ask a lot of questions if opting for non-Amazon Prime. Otherwise I'd feel very comfortable ordering again even for same item/seller if Amazon Prime.

Question: let me know if this works for any operator cel of the world?would be very useful to be able to purchase very interested esty

Every phone I looked at on Amazon had, for the most part, a poor rating.  This was the only 5 star company I found.  I recieved the phone on time and in great condition.  The description said that there were no scratches or cracks, and it was spot on.  The phone works perfect.  I've had it less then a week, so I will review again after the first month.  So far, I'm very pleased.

It was not compatible with my phone carrier, though the advertisement said it was.  The return was quick and easy.

it came in great condition the problem is I cant even activate it cause its still linked to someone else apple id and password witch sold have been removed before they sold it!

Bought this phone for my daughter.  There was no contract and was able to activate with Verizon with no issues.  Phone works just fine - no issues

The iphone though used was just as the seller stated - Like New - My son loved it - it was his Christmas present this year.  :-)

Went from droid to iPhone .  Easy to setup through iTunes,  easy to maneuver through apps.( Love to maps apps.) Able to access internet a lot faster then my other phone. Would highly recommend this phone.

I thought I was getting a new phone. I took it in to Apple because my camera was fuzzy and they said that the phone was purchased in July 2011 and was black. That's not honest and I want my money back.

this iphone is a great phone but less than a month of having it the screen just went black so now i hve to spend more money tyo fix it.....

This appeared to be a brand new iPhone 4, and it was represented as "New" online. It came shrink wrapped in the box and looked totally new. While it may have been new, it was totally defective. Immediately after setting it up, the home button stopped working and the voice control wouldnt work. The back its crack.

I love this phone, and this is coming from a devoted Droid user. I have had some pretty bad luck with the Android line of phones, so I thought I had nothing to lose by buying an iPhone. The phone fit seamlessly into my media lifestyle. It gets great reception, on Verizon anyway; can't speak for other carries. The phone it replaced only got 1-2 cell bars anyplace in our house, in fact, sometimes it was roaming in our house. This phone is routinely on 5 bars, only occasionally dropping to 4 bars. The only thing about this phone that bugs me a little is that it's so small. The on screen buttons are sometimes hard to hit, and I have small hands. Overall, I think I'd probably buy another one when the iPhone 6, or whatever, comes out next. Solid buy!UPDATE!Had the phone for 3 1/2 months and it died today. Brought it to an Apple store and they opened it and told me it was a bad refurbished phone that I purchased. Upon opening it they discovered that the items used for the refurb weren't Apple products. A lot of 3rd party products. The serial number was taken off of it, but Apple managed to find out that the previous owner of my 'new phone' had run the handset out of warranty in 2011 and that handset was then used to upgrade to a new one for that owner and I am the proud recipient of a seriously bad refurbished phone. Buyer beware! You get what you pay for, and there's a reason that Apple sells them for 1 price and why you get such a reduced price on on these handsets - they're refurbished and sold as new!

I was skeptical of buying a used iPhone off the internet...but this has been a solid phone with no problems.

it's a CDMA phone we can't used with any other subscriber and any where else outside USA.No use. I returned it back

This was my first iPhone after having the Samsung Galaxy and I will say- they are both beautiful phones and have their pro's and con's but, for someone like myself that just wants a phone for basic things and is easy to use...this is the phone for you.  I am very happy with it!

I like the phone this is a great deal and I would buy another one. I have a wonderful time with this phone.

I LIKE THE IPHONE BUT DISLIKE KINDLE SERVICE WITH VERIZON, WHICH SERVICE ISSO HIGH.i INDEED LIKE IPHONE, BUT i REFUSE VERIZON SERVICE.

great phone. Great service throughout the purchase. I have been looking for an Iphone and I am not dissappointed. My first one had a speaker issue, but was quickly resolved and I had a replacement phone within a week with no problems. Since then I have had no issues and the service has been great. Set up and activation was smooth with verizon.

This iPhone is Awesome, Its white with camera and everything.It is through Verizon, Has good service.Thank you for selling it.

This is a very nice phone, I like it very much!  Hope I can use it in China, And I believe so .

I purchased this phone for my daughter, and she loves it.  It was in like new condition, and it works great.  I really liked the fact that the item fit the description that was given before I purchased it.  i will purchase from this buyer anytime.

The phone works except the home button (not as the description said work 1 time when press 5,6 times ), overall it is OK.

Its ok, when I put my phone on speaker phone, its just like putting it on mute! That's my only problem with the phone and the phone was suppose to be brand new!!

I have never been disappointed with Amazon until I got this phone. I was talked into getting this phone because it was the only one available and was much more than the one I was originally going to get. I desperately needed a phone because my daughter needed a phone because she has a seven month of baby and her dad was injured from a fall of over 15 feet on his head and was in critical condition in ICU. When the phone arrived it would not even turn on. The clerk barely spoke English and it was difficult to understand. This is the first time I have had this experience at Amazon. I am sorry I had this experience. It wouldn't stop me from shopping a Amazon.

absolutly great service and i love my white 16gb iphone 4! its sleek, fast and adorable. i placed the order on dec 16 and received the phone on the 19th, very happy and can't wait to have fun with my new device :)

While some people have been using the iPhone since the day it premiered, I waited for it to come to verizon.  While I have been a long time apple fan, this is truly the best product I could have imagined.  I use it as a phone, a mini-mini ipad, and ipod, and most of all a gps!This iPhone is fast, secure, and reliable.  The battery life is surprisingly long considering how often I use it and how many apps I frequently run at the same time.  By far my favorite phone that I have ever owned.The apps on itunes are not a diverse as on android, which is the one big downfall.  And I have yet to find a good app that actually blocks calls, which was easy to do with an android.The only other thing I miss from an android is that there isn't a slide out keyboard.  I do find that I don't love the touch screen keyboard for fast texting and sending emails.

No SIM card! Had to return it! Felt mislead! Had to return it because it had no SIM card and was incompatible with my carrier!
