
I got this phone for my 13 year old son, hoping to delay the need for a smartphone.  What a disaster.  This thing has been horrid from the get go.  We're on our 4th battery, it freezes, no sims card, won't charge, rattles when you move it, shuts off for no reason, all texts come through 3 times ...I could go on and on ... and now the kicker ... after ATT agreed that the thing is a mess, they suggested I sent it in before the warranty expires.Well, I have to pay to send it in and I might be charged a triage fee.  Yeah right.  After paying for the phone, fighting with it for 11 months, paying for insurance on the phone ... if anyone thinks I'm spending another penny on this piece of junk ...But who loses?  Me of course.  The consumer.  This is a sub par product and yet HTC and ATT really aren't backing it.Do not buy this product unless you want unreliable phone service.  Even if it's free, it really isn't worth it!I emailed HTC and told them I would be letting anyone who will listen know how bad this phone is and how dissatisfied I am with the "warranty" process.  No wonder our economy is in the tank.  Quality control and customer service really are no more :(

Okay I have now had this phone for a few months now. We in fact have three of them on a family plan and every thing works as it should for us almost. That almost thing is the reception! It's so bad it should be a deal breaker and would have been for us had we known about it sooner.The phone gets extremly bad reception no matter what. never have any of us seen full bars even in a town of over 500,000. at home were lucky to get one bar and most of the time we have to hunt for that then freeze in place to make or recive a call. Lots of dropping calls or not being able to even answear a call all from the recepption problem.I have had many cell phones over the years and only one other phone came close to having this bad of reception. I will say this phone is the winner in bad reception by a long shot. This is a sad shame as other then the reception the phone is great but then what good is a phone if you can not make or receive phone calls or send and receive text messages.I am a 50 plus year old man who understand nothing is going to be perfect in this world but with these phones and there reception I am sorry I made the move from my old carrier to this horrible mess. So take warning reception is down right bad.O ya one other thing the phone dose get hot on the back side if you use it for a good length of time some thing no other phone I have ever had has done. It can get to an almost uncomfortable to hot to hold feeling.I know at the end of my contract I will look for a new phone and most likely carrier also as I blame HTC and AT&T; for this. But tell then I now have to spend hundreds of dollars to get a signal booster and repeater for my house some thing I should not have to do and never even thought of before with any of my other cell phones.

This is without a doubt the worst phone I have EVER owned. The keyboard is super slow, the touch screen lags more than it actually works. It will send and receive the same message multiple times, and this is not even mentioning the apparent phantom texts that it constantly receives. It takes me up to 15 seconds to unlock my phone or for the phone to catch up to the unlock action. That is unacceptable. Do yourself a favor a save your money for a phone that is actually reliable. This is garbage. I wouldn't even rate this as one star but I have to rate it something.

This is January 2012.  On my first day, this phone freezed up 4 different times.  I was very disappointed, considering the phone does look & feel good in my hands and no data plan is required.  On the next morning (my 2nd day), I went to the HTC website and confirmed the phone DOES HAVE the latest firmware.  I decided to re-install the firmware, and guess what, the phone no longer freezes up afterward.  Things are OK now....my suggestions:1) Keep in mind this phone is NOT one of those expensive "smartphones."  So try to keep it that way by operate it as simple as possible.  In example, my phone DOES NOT have a data plan (this is why I get this phone).  I only call and text periodically.  Average 250 minutes and 500 texts per month.2) Delete call history and old messages as quickly as possible on the phone, to free up RAM and ROM memory space.  This phone has very small free-up internal memory.  The phone freezes up mostly due to low internal memory.So far, my phone is behaving good.  I just wish the phone's battery has longer lasting power.  I have to charge it on a daily basis.Updates:  January 12, 2012This phone begin to freeze up again but only 2 or 3 times today. At one time, I tried to make a call and it was frozen (imagine if this is emergency).  Don't want to chance it.  Decide to return the phone and get a Motorola Atrix 2 (a smartphone) instead.  (My other phones are Iphone 4S, Samsung and an older Motorola ...Motorola always provide excellent call quality)

When I first saw this phone I loved it! Then all I saw all the reviews that said it was a horrible phone etc. I ended up buying it & I love this phone. I haven't had ANY problems with it at all. It's a very elegant phone & def worth the money.

I got the phone sometime ago. While the phone is stylish, the software is complex, hard to navigate, and many functions, esp those related to Calendar, simply do not work. There is a reason the phone is free. It's a piece of crap.

I really want to like this phone, but the software just keeps that from happening. The phone shuts off about twice a day randomly even if I am not using it while it is in my pocket, it overheats frequently, the touch screen is ridiculously small, and the phone lags so much. I was so excited when I first got the phone, but now, after having it for a week, I understand why people hate it so much, and why AT&T discontinued the phone on their website and in most stores. If the software was fixed, this would be the greatest phone ever, especially with the phone itself designed in such a unique and well-designed way. Sadly, I highly doubt HTC cares enough to fix the bugs. I have the phone, by the way, after the supposed fix was sent out, but it only suppressed a few of the problems. Do not get this phone, I was persistent and bought it, but just do yourself a favor, ignore this phone forever. There are better phones on the AT&T market.

All of you who are like me and WANT this phone to be a good one, because it is a touch screen and does not require a data plan; DO NOT FOOL YOURSELF.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  I wanted it to be a good phone, so I ignored all of the negative reviews.  Well guess what, shame on me.  I cannot blame HTC or AT&T.  I ignored the reviews and bought it anyway.  I am sorry for that.  It does exactly what everyone said it would.  It freezes up and I have to take out the battery, I get 3 to 4 of the same texts and the phone is extremely slow.  Many other reviews cover the technical aspects better than I can, however I can respond to the emotional appeal of the phone.  I ignored common sense because I wanted the phone and now I have two years of daily reminders of how I ignored other reviews and ended up with a HORRIBLE phone.  HTC should be ashamed and issue a recall.  Other HTC phones are GREAT, but because of this phone and HTC's lack of response I will NEVER buy an HTC again.  I am on my second Freestyle.  I went to the AT&T Store to see if I was doing anything wrong and the salesperson said she had seen dozens of these phones with the exact same problem.  She was able to describe my problems before I even told her.  AT&T should drop this phone. If you ignore the reviews and buy this phone; YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!

This phone looks great but doesn't work well. The issue I am having with this phone is texting. I often receive texts up to 8 or 12 hours late, and on a daily basis receive and send out duplicate text messages. Receiving the same message up to 8 times in the space of five minutes is not enjoyable.I contacted HTC who said this is a known problem with the device, and they do not have a timeframe for when or even if this problem will be corrected. I've spent a total of two hours talking with AT&T; and they will only replace the phone with the same device, one that will likely have the same issue. Or they said I can buy a new phone outright. That's just great.So buyer beware, this phone is a piece of crap.

Too many bugs with phone didn't go through proper quality control testing.  The phone's predictive text was great and that's about it.  The phone would constantly restart on its own reporting "Oops system error, restarting", other times it would shut off without warning requiring a soft reboot (removing and replacing batter to get it started), in short major quality control problems.  The user interface was decent, but had too many software bugs to be useful.  Another issue is that it was advertised as a smart phone without a required data plan, wrong, the phone had even less features than my 5 year old dumb phone, the only advantage it had over that was a large touch screen.

This phone is horrible. The touch keypad is too small and I have very small fingers. When on a call touchpad too sensitive constently dialing other people. Multiple texts all the time.Ringtones stop working and you have to take the battery out it takes forever to restart.Takes to long to charge.I wanted a newer phone without the data plan but without one you can't use half of the features.I do not recommend this phone.

I received my new HTC Freestyle a couple of weeks ago.  The phone has a slick interface, it's solidly built, and it is about as nice a non-smartphone as I've messed with anywhere.  The only problem is the buggy text messaging software.  I've had a consistent problem with receiving multiple copies of text messages.  After getting the runaround from AT&T tech support and HTC tech support, I had the device exchanged for another one- only to have the same issue.  Lo and behold, on the forums 'Freestyle receives multiple texts...' is quite the discussion topic.  HTC tech support finally admitted that it is a major issue, and they are apparently working on a firmware update to fix the problem- but they wouldn't give me a release date or even a time frame for the fix.  If having your phone go off six to ten times for the same text message annoys you, steer clear of this one.  That really is my only complaint, and as soon as it is fixed I will happily amend this review to five stars.  Anyone else with this problem PLEASE speak up, if we put enough pressure on HTC maybe they will fix it faster.

Like many people who bought this phone, I really had high some hopes.  But like the majority of others who have this phone, I am sorely disappointed with it, even after just one week of use.  The biggest problem with the phone: freezing and crashing.  From right out of the box, starting on the first day until the day I returned it, the phone would always freeze or the operating system would crash and restart itself.  This would happen at least 5 times a day.  Calls to AT&T and HTC about the problem were not helpful as well.  This phone was a great idea, but it's just too defective.

I have to put up with this phone for another almost 2 years. I can't believe it. I should have gone for the tried and true instead of taking my chances like this on a new phone on the market (at the time, I only saw a few reviews on Amazon and they were all positive). The optimism and enthusiasm has changed since I got my phone perhaps 6 months ago.... ..... What I don't like about this phone is that its touch screen is not responsive until after the cell phone takes 5 minutes to warm up. What do I mean by that? The phone is completely on, but it will be incredibly SLOW. I have a habit of typing a text message in the mornings. As I attempt to write one, I find that the keys are unacceptably slow (un-reactive, even) at producing characters in my dialogue box despite the fact that I am pressing the keys with my fingers on its keypad - at this point, I can either slow down tremendously and wait for each key to respond, or I can wait until the phone has decided to "wake up." I choose to wait, because I would rather work with the phone when it can run smoothly and efficiently. This happens every time the phone has been sitting around without activity (e.g., in the morning) and my patience has been tested.Secondly, I do get duplicate text messages, like the most helpful negative reviewer has stated. I don't know why.Third, the interface and functions are not intuitive. Why is that that when I go to my call history and I select a number from my list that it doesn't actually retrieve my contact entry on that person? Instead, it calls them right away. Not what I want! I would rather see the call details or a contact's info.The favorite contacts feature only allows me to add one person and one way of contacting them. I would rather be able to add the same person under my favorites but be allowed to choose to call or text the same person.I can go on and on but I will add one more complaint -- yes, the phone will decide it has a system error and suddenly freeze such that I have to take the battery out to restart it. This happens randomly perhaps 1-3 times a month. I don't like it.I wish I had the money then to just go and buy an iPhone. They have their touch screen technology right.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!  I have made multiple trips to AT&T; and Best Buy.  I have called both AT&T; and HTC customer service numerous times for the following problems with my phone:3 to 4 duplicate text messagesCan't receive picture texts anymoreBattery drains very quicklyError message says: Can't find SIM cardPhone automatically calls other people in my address book when I am talking on itThis is a HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE phone.  I am also EXTREMELY displeased with AT&T; customer service members who don't seem to know anything, AT&T; store employees who try to pass the buck and say that it is an HTC issue and that though this is the worst phone they have seen in a while, the matter is out of their hands, and HTC for not recalling this phone.  HTC is completely aware of the issues with this phone.  They do not care.  I found out recently that their solution, after many, many trips to AT&T; and Best Buy is a software update for the phone.  However, this software update is ONLY available to PC owners, NOT Mac owners!  I called HTC to ask what I, as a Mac owner, am supposed to do since the AT&T; stores will not perform this software update for me.  Their solution: find a friend with a PC!  Unbelievable!  I am appalled by the lack of concern that HTC and AT&T; have for their customers.  AT&T; will either allow me to break my contract for $142 or to buy a new phone outright.  This is not my fault!  Why should I have to pay the consequences for simply purchasing one of their phones?

Stay away from this phone, multiple and delayed texting issues.. No support from AT&T or HTC. Do some research regarding this issues I'm not the only one having these  problems, this phone is going back before my 30 day trial ends or I'll be stuck with it.

I will need this phone because i love it, i like to use this phone at all time, i will tell other friends about this cell phone, i love this phone to use also to communicate will it day and night

SERIOUSLY PEOPLE, do NOT waste your time with this loser. It was a great concept by HTC but it failed miserably. I got one about 2 months ago, had tons of issues, so I ordered a replacement from Amazon which was even worse. Battery life is horrible no matter what you adjust or how careful you are (you might get a day and a half if you never use it), multiple duplicate texts almost everytime, very small keyboard buttons (I have to use the tip of my pinky finger and even that seems too big), all phone sound will cut out completely if you receive a text while typing a text (the only way to restore the sound is to power off the phone and turn it back on), and often times the thing will totally lock up requiring you to remove the battery to resolve the problem. When you try to play a song from your microSD card using the media player, many times it refuses to play the song and just scrolls through your library titles automatically. It too often rejects calls when you try to answer them. SIM card contact list creates duplicate listings out of nowhere. Shortcuts contact list is worthless, you do not have the option when you press a contact to either call or send a msg--- you have to set the phone to do one or the other but it does not give the option for both. This thing is junk, DO NOT BUY IT UNLESS YOU ENJOY RETURNING ITEMS TO AMAZON AS A HOBBY. The issues I've mentioned here are only a sampling, there are plenty more where those came from. HTC makes some nice phones but this is definately NOT one of them. Try again, HTC.... and pull this pile of poop off the market before it destroys your reputation.

All of the reviews are true... with the exception of any stars above 1 or 2. You cant even put a price on the level of frustration and dissatisfaction received by any purchaser of this phone. If ever there was a phone recall this would be the one. Dropped calls, system errors, random shutdowns, terrible battery life, multiple text messages, phone slows down after too many texts are in memory, heats up and discharges battery, back pops off easily and frequently, will say you have missed texts and calls when you didn't and wont show ones that you did receive. List goes on and on. The very worst thing is that my phone likes to make data uploads in the middle of the night from which I get charged after not having a data plan that I cancelled after the phone sucking so bad at using the internet. I now get to call customer service every month and get refunded for the charges. There is nothing valuable about this phone other than its weight and ability to be thrown through a window.

I have a lot of friends who have, and love, their HTC phones. I guess the Freestyle is the exception to the rule.  Like many of the other reviewers, I have the dead phone issue that requires you to completely remove and reinsert the battery to get the phone to come back on.  I receive multiple copies of the same text.  I frequently get the "Ooops..." message and the phone reboots.This past weekend, I got a text message from AT&T; that there was a ROM update for the Freestyle.  I thought, "Great! They're going to fix the issues!" I backed up my phone, downloaded the software, and updated the operating system.  GUESS WHAT?  I see NO difference at all. In just a few days, I have experienced EVERY issue again.There are things about the phone that I do like, but if you're looking to get a new phone, do your homework, and think really hard before you pickup this phone.

upgraded one of my lines to this phone thinking great, don't need internet plan but very disappointed. Phone freezes and nothings works. Screen goes dark and have to remove battery to restart the phone. AVOID IT.

I love the style of the phone. The interface is great, when the phone is actually on. I got to the point where I was fixing two lock ups a day. By this I mean removing the battery and starting back up. What put me over the edge was the phone informing me I had new text messages, but not showing them anywhere. Message list was completely empty.Mine is currently on it's way to the HTC repair center. I'm hoping this will help. But based on the community experience, I don't have high hopes. I'd say avoid at all costs, maybe the next version of the phone will be better.I'll be suffering through this one while I wait for my next upgrade. I may even go back to my old SE 580i.UPDATE: Phone is much better after it's trip to the repair center. I have had not lockups, text messages come through fine. While I still can't support buying it new, I advise existing customers to send the phone for repair. It is free under manufacturer's warrenty.

DO NOT buy this phone, it is the worst phone I have ever owned. The battery life is a joke, I thought something was wrong with the battery that it came with, so I bought a new one did not help. It is alway giving me an Oops error reloading.NOT EVEN FREE IS THIS PHONE WORTH IT

Sleek-looking phone, but freezes constantly. It even crashed and shut off during a 9-1-1 call. Every person I've talked to with the same phone has the same problem. Do NOT recommend.

Too many bugs in the Brew operating system, which, I believe is not truly compatible (bugs) with the Sense operation.  Also, it is slow at times, hesitates and jumps back and forth - shadow commands?  The phone book doubles the input, then it disappears.  I'm talking and if my chin touches the screen, it makes another call! It has been a headache!I ignored some of the negative reivews and took a chance - when I decided to send it back, Amazon's parameters for returns were prohibitive.  Now, I'm stuck.  Opinion, they didn't want to put Android on the Freestyle because everyone was rooting and improving their phones, so they stuck an ill-fitting Brew system to operate.  Worst phone I have ever owned!

Class Action Suit Product against AT&T and HTC ... On paper, the specs looked good.  It's a Non-Data Semi-Smart Phone.  Within its first week, phone would lock up and freeze before, during, or after phone calls.  Had to pull out and re-seat battery to reboot phone Repeatedly.  Followed both AT&T and HTC forums on tips and tricks to keep the phone running.  Tried my best to like this phone - it does have an attractive GUI and appearance, but Fails Horribly at just being a Phone!  I installed a recommended memory card - found the Phone would corrupt the data in the memory card.  Tried to use Bluetooth to play music to Bluetooth headphones -- doesn't work.  Tried to return phone to AT&T for a replacement, found out that I could Not Replace the phone because a "Sticker" fell off from the inside of the phone's battery flap (because I had to pull the battery all the time). Just recently checked if there were any new downloadable updates for the phone - found that HTC HAS CLOSED ALL LINKS FOR THAT PHONE (AS IF IT DIDN'T EXIST!!) To say I'm Livid and Disgusted with AT&T AND HTC is an Understatement.  I would give this phone a "-10" Stars, if I could.  I'm Dumping AT&T Wireless ASAP and I'm Never Buying another HTC product again!!  I'm SURE this product was released to steer consumers to Smart Phones with Expensive Data Plans.

this phone does not even deserve a single star. it is fully made of shytt.i still regret for taking this phone on contract basis. it automatically gets restarted. and turns off automatically. no one can ever rely upon this mobile

Bought this phone from ATT, last fall. Since then, we've had 2 replacements, each one as bad as the first. The volume is our main complaint - the phone is my husband's, and he can't hear me even when I'm shouting into our home phone. On our most recent replacement device, the touch pad doesn't work. It's going back.

I got it replaced twice ..both the phones gets rebooted or shutdown automatically.  We have to completely take out the battery and insert again to get it up and running, but be ready ..it may shutdown at any time.  I don't recommend this

-PROSThe home screen can be custom organized to what apps you actually use.The speakers are nice.You can turn off the data usage on the phone.-CONS'Opps...a system error has occurred..Restarting' I have gotten this message so often I have it memorized (every 2 hours on average)and for me 30 seconds after I bought it.It freezesIt turns offIt drops callsThe ringer will stop ringing after 27 daysThe battery protective cover is feeble.After 31 days it will stop reading the contacts off your SIM card.HTC will charge $56 for a basic ROM update and $100 to replace the mother board.-AT&T;Sold me this phone for $0.01...I want my penny back

The HTC Freestyle is simply the worst phone I've ever seen. I didn't believe the phone could be so bad and traded in the first 'lemon' for a brand new one. The new one is equally horrible. Both constantly shut themselves off, freeze up, and just stop working. The only way to make them work is to take out the battery and reboot. I have to do this multiple times every single day. In addition, the battery hardly holds a charge. I can't tell you if the features of the phone work well...it never works long enough to find out!

I purchased this phone for my husband for a gift; he is not very tech savvy and this phone seemed perfect and easy for him to use.  Unfortuantely, this phone simply did not hold a charge. The screen went black after an hour or so after charging, and my husband found himself removing and reinstalling the battery every 1/2 hour to get the phone to work. Eventually, by the end of the day the battery would be dead.We returned the phone and received the new one yesterday. Guess what? Same issues. In conclusion, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

My wife and I upgraded to the HTC Freestyle and have been sorry we did that. My wife's phone within a few weeks started freezing and the only way to reset it was to remove the battery. She got a replacement phone and within a month she started getting intermittent SIM card errors messages. AT&T; replaced the SIM card and she still gets an infrequent "SIM card not found" message when taking the phone out of standby, but not enough yet to go through the hassle with AT&T; to replace the phone again, powering the phone off/on corrects it.My Freestyle has just started playing the low battery game. Like others, I get the low battery alarm, charge it and the low battery alarm goes off again within 8 hours of the charge and the back of the phone is warm to the touch. I thought maybe it's the battery so I purchased a new one but the same crap is happening with it... interesting note, we just tried an experiment, the batteries work just fine in my wife's phone.I've noticed that whenever I get the low battery alarm, when I plug it in,the battery level indicator shows the battery is only 50% drained, what's up with that?Given that this phone looks to have an ongoing track record of others having the exact same issues with freezes that need the battery removed to clear them and rapid battery discharging, save yourself some grief and steer clear of this lemon of a phone.

I purchased this phone for my wife a couple months ago even after reading the negative reviews. She likes a touch screen phone, but doesn't need a data plan.  This phone fits the bill.  I downloaded the updates from the HTC site and put and updated the phone prior to use.  NO PROBLEMS, I may buy another for my daughters.

Worst phone ever. Upgrded to this phone in June 2011 and has been replaced 4 times. Keeps locking up and freezing. Have to constantly take out the battery in order to make it work again. Looses callers and ringtones and have to remove battery again in order to get the functionally back. Junk phone do not buy unless yoyu want headaches.

freezes 3-4 times per day, turns off daily by itself, reboots itself several times daily, sends multiple messages when only one message is sent, posts multiple messages when only one has been received, and the battery life is a day at best.  ordered 4 for our family plan, and all 4 act the same.  they all have the latest firmware.  cool when they work, but they do not work reliably.  all 4 are being returned.

Bought two of these. Unfortunately they are terrible phones. Design is all wrong and software issues galore. It dropped more calls than I was able to make or receive. Reception was the WORST! I did send them back, but am stuck as to what choices are left for non data users. Maybe it is time to give up my plan. These carriers cater to the young spend thrifters, but fail to accomodate the longtime good paying customers!

This is the worst phone I have ever owned. It's absolutely stunning that HTC would put out such a lousy phone.  It's nowhere close to being ready for sale.Issues encountered almost on a daily basis:1. Falls asleep and does not turn on without taking out the battery.2. Crashes and restarts on it's own.3. Receive multiple copies of text messages.HTC still has not put out a firmware update to fix this and there is no plan to provide one to all the suffering customers that purchased such a garbage of a phone.I'm deeply disappointed in this purchase and would not wish this on anyone that needs a dependable phone.BUYER BEWARE.

I like the phone. That is it. Do not buy this phone. My phone restarted it self several time. I called Amazon customer service. They sent me replacement very fast. Thank you Amazon. My second phone kept doing same thing. I noticed battery compartment is very loose, that's why it is rebooting by it self. Phone itself is excellent. So I am thinking to call Amazon again.====I got an another HTC Freestyle replacemrnt phone. It is keep doing same thing. It is power off by it self. I had to remove the  cover, remove the battery, reinsert the battery. You have to do same process everytime it's power off it self. I can not do this for next 2 years. So do not buy this pbone.===I bought different model now...

I understand not everything is 100%. But most of the htc freestyles are just straight junk. They crash, freeze, and reboot for no reason at all. The platform has many issues that need to be fixed for this phone to live up to it's expectation. I have had the phone for about 4 days. It has rebooted about 20 times, has froze about 3 times, and will turn off for no reason and not turn back on unless I take out the battery. I am very disappointed because I was hoping I would be blessed with one that would work, but that obviously didn't happen. This phone has major potential, htc just needs to finish the phone. Overall, for now, skip this phone. It's not worth the trouble at all.

Please read this before buying. The day I received my refurbished phone I was thrilled. (I sometimes buy refurbished computers and never once had a problem. First time with a phone, though.)I love the different screens and love a touchscreen. Matter of fact all the features are great. After 4 hours, the first day, it shut down while sitting on my desk. Hmmm. Could not restart it so pulled out battery and stuck back in. Came on. All good. But it started doing it every day. Then I got a error message .."Oops, system error,restarting" hmmmm. This happens every day too. After 2 weeks called ATT. Then talked with HTC. I was told by HTC that they are working on it. AND, it will not get worse. I can live with that, I thought. I decided not to send back. Loved the phone too much. My mistake. About the 6th week it did it's daily thing.."Oops, system error" except this time it would not stop doing it. I kept getting this message, over and over. Every 2 seconds. Tried the soft reset. Nothing,still did it. Tried even the hard reset..still did it. My phone is useless. I can not use at all. Tried even charging, but gets stuck on charging screen so have no idea after hours if it was recharged or not. I e-mailed HTC and ATT. Waiting for response. I also video recorded the phone to show what it is doing and will put on you tube. I doubt HTC and ATT will help, since over 30 days. But hey, I renewed my 2 year contract!! With no phone. Lucky them. Not so lucky me. Sorry so long but thanks for reading. I hope my experience helps in your decision on buying a HTC freestyle.Thank you.

I love the phone! Easy to navigate and set up. Calls are clear and has plenty of volume to hear even in strong wind. While I am not generally a data user it has unlimited data for $15 a month that I can turn on and off as I like...NO 2 year data commitment. I would be nice to have a Amazon or Barns and Noble e-reader app, but it a new style phone maybe one will come out. Phone has a good weight to it and isn't flimsy like a lot of the phone I looked at. So far I am very happy with my Freestyle.HTC Freestyle Phone (AT&T;)

There have been a lot of bad reviews on this phone and I agree with them. On the second day I had it...it started the restarting freezing up thing everyone said. I had already decided to return anyway - IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO TEXT ON THIS PHONE. I have little fingers and the touchscreen keyboard is impossible to type on. Don't waste your time on this phone - I wanted to really like it and it was just not there... People order iphones and other smartphones for a reason they are well made and have bigger screens. It also makes a weird clicking noise if a call come in or anything that it needs to 'register' itself or something.

Freezes constantly.Ooops system error  to often.Turn-on, loading and ready take forever.(2 Minutes)Battery life less that 8 hours.

Despite all the bad reviews, I went along and ordered because I wanted all the bells and whistles of a smartphone without the ridiculous data plan.  I am surprised that this phone is NOT considered a smartphone by AT&T.;  The web browsing is smooth, fast, and fluid.  Easy to use, texting feels natural, very customize-able etc. etc.  Great phone features in all.BUT!This phone is FULL of bugs and problems.  The main annoyances are it will randomly crash even if not in use, it will freeze, requiring you to remove the batter and put it back in, sometimes you will get duplicate texts, battery does not last long AT ALL!  Have to charge every night.  And lastly, last night when I charged it I awoke to a phone with a still dead battery, despite it being plugged in all night.  But some days are better than others, like today it has only frozen once and that's the only problem I've had today!  Other days it will crash once an hour!  But when it works I love it and cant find the heart to depart with it!

I have never given a review on any product before, but this requires one. This phone would be an absolutley great phone that doesn't require a data plan ONLY if it would work.  I have had this phone for 4 weeks and it repeatedly shuts itself off without warning a couple of times everyday. I have to remove the battery and reinsert it to start it up again. Also, several times a day it displays the message "Oops system error, restarting..." Sometimes I receive the same text message 2-4 times and it freezes/locks up very often.  Phone calls are dropped at least 50% of the time. AT&T and HTC should be ashamed of themselves in selling this phone! I am returning it for a different phone. No other phone I have EVER owned has come close to the terrible performance of this one.  SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE. DO NOT BUT THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I use this only to txt, make phone calls and take pictures, no data package or i-net usage although you need the service to send/receive pictures...Had this phone for 3 months. It will freeze/lock up...with no foreseeable fixes anytime soon...this is very annoying and usually at the most inconvenient times. it will happen while txting and you receive a txt or while talking and you receive a txt and once you receive at txt is almost always 2,3 or 4 times. The good...compared to my 7 year old Razor, awesome pictures, better reception than my old phone, longer battery life than my old phone, touch screen/txt screen are great and with the (AT&T;) gel case/screen protector its more durable than I expected...glad it was a free upgrade with my plan

I have been using this phone for 6 months now and here are its characteristics:- Great design, nice layout.- Touch screen is very sensitive.- Freezes by itself or running slow very frequently.- Keeps receiving 1 message multiple times, which is very annoying.- Shuts down and restarts itself after the screen displaying "Oops! There was a system error, restarting..."- Sometimes after you touch a button on the screen, it takes like 15 secs to process.I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT.

Calculator does not have %, No Memo or notepad, no world clock, do not have auto reject call feature. It takes a while getting the contacts and txt messages.

When I spotted the Freestyle on the AT&T; phone list, I was ecstatic!! A nice touchscreen phone with no slide-out keyboard. I couldn't get it soon enough. Then...1. It started turning OFF during idle time. The only way to get it back on is to disassemble the phone, slide the battery out and then reassemble the phone.2. It constantly comes up:  "Oops, A system error has occurred. Restarting..." (This happened while I was typing this review!)I ordered this phone from Amazon and after one week called to let them know what was happening. The extremely nice CSR told me this was common on the Freestyle. She offered to send me another phone, either another Freestyle or a completely different phone. I opted for another Freestyle hoping this was a one-time error. If possible, I think the second Freestyle is worse than the first. Now my dilemma...I want a touch screen phone - no slide-out keyboard - without the data plan and apparently the Freestyle is the ONLY one AT&T; offers.I really wanted this phone to be wonderful; unfortunately, it is the worst phone I have EVER owned.

Do not get this phone.1. It is so slow and always freezes for a number of seconds before doing what you actually want it to do.2. the screen is horrible for typing on and always screws up even when you push the right area.3. The lock button takes 5-10 seconds to work.4. yes, the product starts out fine for the first 4-5 days and then it just goes down hill.5. When you put someone under favorites they can no longer be seen under your regular contacts.6. Very "laggy" as some may put it and it doesn't start typing until about 10 seconds after you typed the first sentence in a text message.7. You will get VERY frustrated with this phone.

Horrible phone. Constant crashes and random shutoffs that require removal of the battery to get started again. I do not know how they can keep selling these. If you exclude being able to reliably use the phone it would be worth 4 and a half stars so I don't feel so bad about giving it the mandatory 1 star that I have to in order to submit this review.

First off, I didn't want to make a review of this phone, but after seeing all the negative reviews I decided that I had to put my 2 cents in.Now let's talk about the looks, feel, and quality of the phone....This phone has a weighty, heavy, expensive feel to it. The aluminum body is what makes it feel expensive and tough. It definitely has more weight than your small compact plastic phones and depending on how you are, this could be a plus. The phone has a nice size to it due to it's generous screen...which I like.The screen is very bright, and vivid. I've downloaded and transferred hd 720p videos to it and it really looks fantastic and smooth. I did this to just see how it would perform, I'm not really into watching videos on a phone.As a music player, i've just kind of started experimenting with it. But what I like is that you can make playlists on the phone without hooking it up to the pc which I really liked. I just use an 8gb micro sd card to store music and vids on. I think this thing can support up to 16gb micro sd card if I'm not mistaken. Would be worth it I think if you plan to use this as a jukebox in your car, and if your car stereo has a audio jack in the front.The speaker is very clear when using on the phone, and it's actually sufficient when listening to music or video, and the buttons feel good.The whole home brew OS is fast and responsive. Performance is great. I like the Agenda view when using the calendar...it's like having a task list in MS outlook.Takes pretty good quality pictures and videos for a phone. You really can't expect much quality from a phone...but it's good when you don't have a real digital camera present.This phone exceeded my expectations. I didn't want a smart phone and have to pay for a data plan. I really hate the data plan trend but I know it works for some people. This phone is great for those who want similar features to a smartphone without the price tag, and forced data plan costs. This would make good use as an mp3 player for a car but for the gym I think it would be a bit on the heavy side. Seeing that the phone is free with a mere contract extension it's such a great deal I think. Really happy with it!

I have been wanting a quality touch screen phone for a while but could not find one I liked that was not a smartphone. This one fits the bill. In 3 days I have already personalized it and more. The call quality is great and quite loud. The ringer volume is quite loud also. The vibration is strong. The phone feels like a quality phone in your hand.  My husband likes my phone so much he is considering one for himself.

THe idea behind the Freestyle is great -- a quick messaging phone, with a really cheap data plan. I believe it's $10 for internet access, which is fantastic compared to some of the other data plans out there. Unfortunately, the text messaging is obnoxious. I've had at&t replace this phone (under warranty) three times, and each phone has had the same issues -- it receives multiple texts (sometimes as many as 6 of the same one), blank texts, and texts up to three days after they've been sent. It's unfortunate, because the idea behind this phone is wonderful. It should be the cheap and easy smart phone for the masses, but instead it's just a hassle.

This is the worst phone ever!!!!! I hate it. I hate it. I hate it!!!!!!!!!!It turns off by itselfIt freezesIts slowHorrible signalWont load the weatherDoesn't play the sound when it needs toThis is one VERY pathetic phone!!!!!I hope nobody else buys it!!!!!!!p.s duplicate texts and don't even get me started on "Oops a system error has a occurred restarting"Ugh please don't waste a single penny on this full of crap phone.

HTC Freestyle received 3-21-2011 with high hopes. Good inductive touch screen, and a plethora of `bells and whistles'. Sadly, it turned out to be a completely miserable failure. Spent 4 hours with AT&T; trying to get it up and running. Very brief, poor performance before it ate two SIM cards DEAD! NO ACCESS to AT&T; for calling ! ! Bluetooth didn't work properly, could only enable one B.T. device at a time. No additional B.T connection function / capabilities available as soon as one was established. Wouldn't connect with my intellitouch  B.T. X Link at all in spite of being B.T 2.0 format which was supposed to be compatible.  Music from Micro SD card when started could only be stopped by removing the battery. EXTREMELY difficult access to battery, SIM card and micro SD card.  Takes FOREVER to "boot up" when turned on..AT&T; ultimately declared the phone faulty. This was one of my biggest disappointments after such high hopes and expectations. Maybe another one would be ok. Frankly, I couldn't stand even holding another. MANYhours wasted of both my time and AT&T; tech support `till they closed for the day. Started 6:15 PM with AT&T; and Amazon, then both closed at 10:00PM.  This exasperating POS can't go back fast enough.!.I hope you have better luck. Seems like some like it. I won't take a chance on another!>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Update: Next day (3-22) Amazon Wireless (sort of a separate entity) amicably issued a UPS RMA. I'm returning the phone. REALLYdisappointed at this turn of events. Going back to my ond LG GU295 'slider'. I really think I might have received a (rare?) defective HTC Freestyle, but can't take a chance of acquiring a phone that won't link (bluetooth) to all my devices. The HTC wouldn't recognize my (bluetooth) Intellitouch X Link or my at all. The inductive touch screen was VERY GOOD. A stylish, well made phone that basically didn't work.  >>Your results may be different ?!?

I have owned this phone for 2 years and I do not have data. The keyboard is unresponsive, and the layout is anything but user friendly. All in all, its like a bucket of gray paint, completely benign, and uninteresting. I have probably not exceeded 2 hours of talk in two years. Who ever created this should be held accountable for his/her action in a court of law.Its shit

this is the biggest piece of crap every created.  won't hold a charge out of the box. won't turn on. I called AT&T about it and they told me without challenging the return that they know its a POS.  They were good about taking it back.  I asked why they put their customers through the hoops when they know its sucks.  No intelligent response.

This phone is a bad phone. It will constantly have system errors, freeze up all the time, say your sim card is locked, also say you have no sim card inserted when indeed you do. The texting is slow and sometimes when you click on the message icon on the home screen it won't open your text messages so you have to take the battery out of your phone and reinsert it and then turn it back on and hopefully that will work, sometimes it doesn't. I'm on my first phone but my boyfriend is on his second phone and he didn't drop it or nothing, the thing is it wouldn't charge because the charging piece on the phone was broken so every night I had to take my battery out and put his battery in my phone just so that he had a phone while at work. I bought these phones directly from AT&T and these phones are pieces so anyone out there looking to buy these phones DON'T! They will be a nightmare, all AT&T will do is send you replacement phones of the same model they won't let you get a different phone. Which sending a replacement of the same phone isn't going to do any good at all! Hope I helped someone in their decision NOT TO BUY this phone.

If I had the option on no stars, that's what this excuse of a phone would get.We went to AT&T; to upgrade what we thought were really bad phones. They SOLD us these pieces of crap things and now we are stuck with them until our contract expires. I am tempted to slam this phone into a wall every time I try to use it. It has a mind of its own and it ain't pretty. Don't, just don't think of getting one of these.

Update: Eventually the issues got fixed. Not the best phone, but not the worst. Still one of the only ways to stop AT&T; from doing me in the rear over an automatic data plan, so that's a big plus actually.OK photos with the camera, the interface isn't too bad.I'm sure there are a few people who have had a good experience with the freestyle... out of the thousands sold.At this point my phone doesn't even work.  With the crappy AT&T; signal (in the MIDDLE OF CHICAGO!!!), it's just not worth it anymore.duplicate txt messagesslow operating systemnow it says I have no sim card.  All the time, completely broken. (edit: AT&T; messed this up, not HTC)Maybe the worst thing of all? The battery dies within 24 hours of fully charging the phone, and I don't have a data plan or use apps, and that's sometimes without making ANY CALLS!? I used to have a Motorola RAZR that would last me for days. It was reliable, it worked. This phone doesn't.This phone uses touchscreen technology just because it can. it doesn't offer anything new. HTC clearly wanted to vomit up a phone to serve the low-end market without any consideration for usability or quality. If HTC loses a ton of money on the 3-4 replacements per user I've read who hate this phone then HTC deserves to eat it HARD for such an ill-conceived venture.Get your head out of your butt, HTC!Isn't technology supposed to be a step forward?

Besides the mediocre camera that doesnt have focusing, the constant lag spells that make texting hard and general use annoying, the trial applications that allow one use, the lack of updates, this phone is worth staying away from simply because of all the texting bugs.I constantly receive texts 3 or 4 times and lately wont receive texts until 3-5 hours after they were sent.  Unacceptable.

Bought this for my daughter. keeps shuuting down every other day.HTC must be ashamed to be puting their name on this phone.DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS STUPID PHONE.I returned it.***** =- 5 STARS FOR AMAZON WIRELESS CUSTOMER SERVICE.HAZZLE FREE PROCESS TO GET A NEW PHONE - RETURN AND SHIP -  GET REFUNDS - ALL IN ONE CALL !!!!!!!!!!

I really like all the features this phone has to offer. Very disappointed in the freezing, error messages, and the phone shutting down all the time. I really wished it worked better because it could have really been an awesome phone.

I've been using several cellular phones, Freestyle is the only phone that boots up super slow. From power up to passcode screen, it takes up to 1 minutes. Even slower than my Windows 7 laptop.Good:- Straitforward GUI. It's easy to figure out how to use it without reading menu.- Sleek design.- Features rich. It even comes with radio.Bad:- Boots up super slow.- From idle screen to active, it requires input passcode everytime. All the phones I've used only requires inputing passcode when booting up. After that, one button is enough to wake up the phone to make phone calls without input passcode everytime.After the initial setup, and once is booted up, it's a good phone. It has a touch screen, looks beautiful and don't require data plan. If you don't use data and text, it's a bargin.

First, I hope that if you're considering buying this phone, you change your mind and look for something else.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.I ordered this phone thinking maybe I'd only have to deal with duplicate text messages. No big deal right? Well...yeah...that's the least of my problems.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.This piece of junk will randomly turn off without any warning or indication and you won't be able to turn it back on without removing the battery first. This can happen in your pocket, while you're using it, while it's sitting on the desk, etc....it really has no rhyme or reason to it.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.If it doesn't shutdown with no warning like that, it will shutdown with a warning that says "oops a system error has occurred" and the phone will restart, and it will take about 3 to 5 minutes.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.The keyboard responds slowly.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.You can't pull up most web pages. It will say the web page is unavailable. And these are not pages that are unavailable because I did check. Do not expect to do any web browsing on this thing. You may as well not even have a web browser on it.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.The call quality is mediocre. I've had SEVERAL dropped calls on this phone within the first few days of using it. This occurs in areas with full signal.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.This phone is basically just a paper weight.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.One thing I did like about it is the autocorrect feature. And you need it because the on-screen keyboard sucks.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.My mother also has one and it is doing the same things. This is not just an isolated case. BOTH of our phones have these problems.I have asked for a new HTC Freestyle which will be delivered tomorrow. The second it messes up, I will be sending it back in exchange for a different phone.

it is a touch screen phone but when u text or type in numbers it is very slow and always spell checks words i don't want spell checked. besides that it is a good phone.

You see you need to have it to appreciate it, there's sometime that people don't like it because they want style I just need grate service from the phone well if you don't have nothing constrictive to say about this phone then don't say nothing negative about it. I truly recommend this phone to any one 50 + due to it's easy use join in on the  Modern technology with AT&T welcome to the family for the price what more can you expect.

ok so i saw the reviews about how it freezes well i see that it ony does that if you are one of those people who wants it to work like an iphon well it doesnt you have to be patient with it it does work fine. second the no sim message does not mean its not reading your sim card and you need to throw it away immeadiatly all it says that for is to let you knoe it has no signal it does it to me all the time when im in areas where i know there is no signal at all.third the multiple messages thing...if you bought a smart phone that can do texting like this one and you only have a 200 message plan you only have yourself to blame for that one why would you do that to yourself and then complain about it its only 5 dollars more for unlimited. the only and i mean the only thing i dont like is when you lock the screen after starting to dial is that it unlocks when the call is answered...again simple solution press the lock button again and stop complaining it does not help to do so

Didn't listen to the reviews, should have, this phone is horrible.  Amazon Wireless and ATT must be losing money with all the shipping expenses and this phone spends more time in shipping than anywhere else!

I don't think I've ever left a negative review for any product I've ever purchased, but my experience with this phone is so bad I had to get the word out. The phone looks nice and has a nice touch interface. I thought the calls themselves sounded fine, too. However, I have had multiple issues with this phone, and there isn't a 4 hour period of the day that goes by that something bad doesn't happen. I get 2-4 copies of the same text message. The battery slips inside the phone to where it isn't connecting, causing the phone to sign off. Sometimes, when pressing any number of random buttons on the screen, a message comes up that says "Oops, system error! Restarting". A few times, the screen has frozen. I've also already been in and had the SIM card changed out, and it didn't help anything. I plan on trading this phone in, but I really hope people read this and think twice about this phone. It's embarrassing that our carrier even had it in their store.

After receiving this phone for a day, the phone showed an error message, froze, and couldn't even restart.  I had to pull out the battery to force it to restart.  Save yourself the headache.  I bought two phones, one for my mom and the other for my dad.  It wasn't a problem with just one of the phones, but both of them.I am in the process of returning both to amazon.  I'm glad I bought it here instead since the customer service is better than AT&T.;**Update**Amazon's customer service representative said they would send me a return package, but I never received it.  I ended up trading it to Nextworth for $30 each.  I guess that's better than the $0.01 that amazon was going to refund me for each of the phone.  Too bad I'm stuck on a 2-year contract with AT&T;.

This is one of the worse cell phones that I have ever owned.  The first HTC phone would not allow MMS text-ing.  It was returned for a replacement.  The second HTC phone would just shut itself off at any given time, even if you were talking on the phone.  Then you would have to remove and re-insert the battery to get the phone to come back on.  The quality of service sucks - my old phone would have 4 - 5 bars of signal strength, but not this HTC, your lucky if you can get 3 bars of signal strength but normally it 2 bars or less in the same areas of coverage.  This HTC will not give you any kind of tone / beep for missed call or messages.  I will NEVER own another HTC.

this would be a great phone if everything worked .The prob is it almost never works. Phone locks up often for no reson at all sometimes when it is laying around it will shut of on its own. This is the second one I have had the last one att replaced now it shut of and will not restart at all .I'm not even going to get it replaced I'm going to buy something that actually works this time. This phone needs to go back to the drawing board. I would not recomend this phone to anyone.

-It stopped working after two days-It would read "Oops..." and stop functioning at least twice a day-In places where my old phone (Samsung Rugby) would get full bars, this one drops callsTerrible phone with a sleek interface!

I just wanted to make everyone aware that, in addition to this being a horrible phone in both functionality & quality, AT&T will not honor the warranty and stand behind this phone.  You're stuck with dealing with the manufacturer directly.

I really wish people wouldn't write reviews (especially good reviews) until they have had an item at least long enough to break it in. I cannot believe this phone has 10 four star and 10 five star reviews unless those reviews were done by htc/at&t reps.  I went through two of them and had all the issues found in numerous other reviews. I think the issue with the phone getting hot and discharging could be a serious safety concern.  It"s really too bad because without all these issues it would be the best non smartphone out there.

The phone looks great, but it freezes and crashes so often as to be unusable! Do NOT get this phone! When it freezes on the home screen, you don't even notice without trying to do something which means missed calls and messages and no clue someone is trying to reach you.

First, some background - I'm a software developer that has been writing code that either runs on mobile phones or consumer electronic devices that talk to phones, since the late 1990's. I bought this phone for my 14 year old (previous phone - a bullet-proof Samsung BlackJack II of nearly 4 years).The build quality is excellent, well above par for the class. This ain't a Pantech this or Samsung that. Nice aluminum, excellent screen, resolution, size, battery life, the works. The only hardware glitch is the micro USB port needs some care when plugging in, and the battery compartment is a bit too creative. Nothing bad there, just a bit strange. The hardware feels solid.The software is for the birds. Not to offend my former collaborators at Qualcommm,  but it really is for the birds.- The HTC Sync does not work. Installed on two Windows 7 machines, in one it does not recognize that a phone is connected, in the other it recognized it briefly then stopped. Even when it recognized the phone, it would not allow anything to be done (nothing was selectable). Punt. Phone works fine as a USB device to copy stuff from/to but will not sync.- Several 'Oops. An error has occurred...'. We waited them out.- A couple of hard freezes in the media player.- micro SD not recognized because it contained other stuff from a previous phone. Deleted everything, works ok.- a couple instances where the 'NO SIM' message was displayed briefly.- For the first two days the phone was in 2G mode (why?) then today it decided to go into 3G mode. No idea why.- The HTC Support Forum will not send activation emails to allow me to sign up and access the support forums.- Bluetooth seems to be iffy. The Bluetooth guys at work have joked HTC stands for 'Hard To Connect'... I can see why.Again, with all due respect, I'd like to meet the person who approved the release of the software. These are basic things, not far-out stuff.And a few praises.- hardware build quality is excellent- great price- good configuration options- good sound quality- excellent touchscreen- Brew MP is decent - a lot better than a lot of other Java PhonesI would say a phone software update would cure most of the above but I would not hold my breath that they'd do one. Pity because the hardware is good, and the device is well positioned in the market (thanks to AT&T;'s insistence of data plans for everything but Firefly phones)If I had to consider the other candidates (Samsung Eternity II, Flight II, LG Duh (Vu), LG Neon, Pantech This or That) the Freestyle is well ahead of the game. It's a good phone, but it really pains me as a software developer that HTC allowed the device to be shipped with such serious issues.Perhaps if we hold our collective breath till we're blue in the face...

My husband and the eldest son both have HTC, so I decided to give it a try. I don't need smart phone, so I choose this one.First phone stopped working in a week and a half. Second one stopped swiching on on the second day of use.I give this phone one star only because there is no option with no star.I will return this phone tomorrow and buy Samsung again.

I bought this phone for my wife. She doesn't text, email or browse, she just makes phone calls. I thought this would be a great phone that doesn't need a data plan.I was right, it is a great phone. Lot's of features and a great screen layout.The problem, as many here have said, is the phone freezes, shuts down and can be very difficult to restart.My wife is not a techie, and gets frustrated very easily. Even if she was, this performance is not acceptable.I got two phones, Amazon Wireless was very good to work with when the first experienced problems. Both phones had the same problems, so there must be a design and/or manufacturing problem. I think the way the battery is secured is not solid, allowing for loss of contact.I just find it inconceivable that HTC could release a phone like this to market.

LEMON, LEMON, LEMON. This really makes me angry reading all the reviews.  That in 2011 they can get away with selling a phone that they know will not work.I bought this phone for my daughter the phone crashed before we left the store.  They replaced it with a second phone it crashed, froze, and got the system error in 2 days.  They replaced it with a 3rd phone it worked for 4 months.  Then it started doing the same thing as the other two phones. I took it back to the AT&T; store today.  The store clerk looked at the battery and said it had water damage so it is not under warranty.  The phone has never seen water, not even a drop of rain. I kept complaining so she gave a referral form to take to the AT&T; device support center. I will do that tomorrow, I was going to ask for a replacement, but now after reading all the reviews I will ask for a different phone.With so many reviews having the same issues, AT&T; knew that the HTC Freestyle phone was bad when they sold it to me. this really puts a bad taste in my mouth.Anyone want to start a class action lawsuit?

As noted by other reviewers the phone has several issues. The HTC Sense OS is nowhere as good as iOS or Android. Below is a list of observations in no particular order:Pros:* Very nice build quality, metallic and plastic exterior, great screen, typical quality from HTC* Favorites screen allow for immediate and fast access to favorite contacts.* Decent selection of default ringtones, this is important for casual users!* FM radioCons* No WiFi - many users may want to use this phone without a data plan so they don't incur monthly fees. The problem is that without a data plan and without Wifi, almost all the smart phone features are useless. You can't see the weather in the home screen, you can't see email, you can't use GPS.* Bad interface design: For example to enter a new contact, you have to go to separate screens to input each field such as name, last name, mobile phone, email etc. This is time consuming and annoying especially if you have to input several contacts. On an iPhone or Android all the fields are on the same page and far easier to input and change.* When answering a phone call, there is a slight delay in screen response when you press to accept the call.* You can't change the position of your contacts on the favorite screen. To do so you have to first remove them, then re-add them.* FM radio can't be used with the built-in speakers you have to use headphones.* The camera takes blurry blurry pictures, I couldn't get good pictures after several minutes trying.* The options/context button is small and very close to the call button and not as comfortable to press as it could be.* When charging, the phone's screen remains on, it doesn't turn off. I'm not sure what this will do to the phone's screen life, or how it affects charging times, but it doesn't seem smart.* The only way to use or wake up the phone is to use the top button, but this button is hard to press, it is receded which takes unnecessary effort to press.Perhaps the biggest deal breaker is that there is no WiFi. Without it, the smartphone features are useless. You could get a data plan, but getting a data plan defeats the purpose of getting this phone.  If you are willing to add a data plan then skip this phone and get an iphone 3gs for $50 or Android or Windows 7 phone which is 100x better.

Fresh out the box I will admit it froze, and gave me a msg saying "oops system error restarting" but other then that one day that's the only time iv experience any kind of problem with it. It's a good phone and functions properly if taken care of as in deleting stuff (texts,recent calls, internet history) its not a smartphone and is not ment. To be multitasking and very important to have a memory card the more stuff you have saved on the phone the slower it will be. I bought this phone and couldn't be happier.

This phone, is beyond crap.I had it for a few months, dealing with constant freezing, slow glitchy software, and OOPS!! A SYSTEM ERROR HAS OCCURRED, RESTARTING... right in the middle of whatever you are doing.  I bought this phone in July, and already it is completely toast, the mother board is shot.  For some reason, it wasn't showing my photo album so i restarted it, and from then on it would restart to a screen that fades from white to black.  when I Called HTC they said the Motherboard went bad, but, they won't fix or replace it under warranty because i crack in the outer screen.  I was in a car accident a few months ago and the phone flew out of the cup holder and hit the dash, and cracked the outer screen, this happened 3 months before the mother board went out, but HTC refuses to replace it under the warranty and want to charge $200 to fix it.  I'm sure they know the quality of the phone is at the bottom of the latrine anyways, just look at any review site.The quality of this phone sucks, and the company will take any excuse to save a dime.  I will never buy a phone that is HTC again, not after the terrible phone, and even worse customer service.Don't buy this POS,

The HTC Freestyle phone has to be the worst purchase we ever made...for anything!!!  Out of four of these phones, only one worked well enough for my wife to keep. Amazon was great in sending us new phones to try, but I got tired of dealing with this phone and picked a different one. Amazon was great with that, too.THE PROBLEM: The HTC Freestyle keeps shutting off by itself. Then, you have to remove and replace the battery to get the phone to come back on. It could be in my pocket or sitting on a table...didn't matter...it would just die and you wouldn't even know until you checked it...and you would have to check it every 20-30 minutes, because it would shut off about ten times a day. And after shutting off, the battery would be about 20 percent lower each time, so one charge would not even last a whole day. A few times, the phone even died or restarted in the middle of a call.Bad, terrible phone. Major design flaw. Should have never been released to the public. DON'T RECOMMEND IT.

Judging from the wealth of bad reviews for this phone, adding another one would be like pissing in an ocean of piss. But hey, if it keeps someone from making the same mistake I did in buying this phone, I'll consider myself accomplished.So, the freestyle is just trying oh-so hard to be it's big brother, the Evo. Obviously, it's not. It's way too damn buggy. Brew, the operating system, definitely wasn't made for this phone.pros:responsive touch screensome smart phone features without paying smart phone pricecons:laggy. one text can sometimes take 10 minutes to type.frequent crashesbattery case is a paindid I mention it's laggy? seriously. some days you'll just have to stare at your home screen for five minutes before it even responds.bottom line: not worth it.

Save yourself the headache, an absolute HORRIBLE phone, everything goes completely downhill within a weeks time.Constant freezes, slow/buggy interface, and messaging is just terrible!Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere!Can't believe HTC could produce such garbage!

This is truely a great non smart phone with smart phone features without the monthly required data plan. My only complaints are you get REPEATS of text messages; doubles/triples of the same text, getting error messages and the phone randomly shutting off. Sad to say but I am returning it and looking for something else since this is the 2nd Freestyle phone I'm swapping out. So as for now..my search still continues..

Phone is just okay - keyboard for texting is difficult for me to hit the correct letters, I can't find a celebrate to adjust to my touch, no voice dialing, no audio recorder (I used to record my own crazy sounds and use as my ringtone- not anymore), camera pics are grainy and low quality and no flash.  I had these features on my 5 year old phone that was free.  Very disappointing - I want my LG Xeon back.

Although the write-up sounds wonderful - especially since it does not require additional data plan. However, the battery doesn't hold a charge although it takes a long time to charge. It will freeze & there is no remedy except to remove the battery and restart. Also, I had the phone for 3 days and six times I got the message "oops, an error has occurred, restarting"...Undependable, and from what I understand HTC is doing nothing to support or correct the problems which I have found that many people have.

i really wanted a HTC inspire but couldnt afford the data plan. This was the best phone out there that is pretty close to a smartphone. I like the camera quality and mostly every thing about the phone.I do have some problems...I am really small person to begin with with really small hands, but when I text it always messes up on which letters I want. I had a touchscreen before this phone and never had that problem...I always have to go back over my text and correct them before I send it. Annoying. Another thing is the triple text thing. Happens to me all the time. Not really THAT big of a deal since I have unlimited texing but they need to fix that issue.Otherwise cool phone.

This phone is a nightmare. originally I thought I got a bad piece but after replacing it 3 times and reading similar experiences on HTC's user forum _ i realized that this truly is a horrible piece of equipment. HTC's brew OS is a failure and the typically I have to restart the phone (by removing the battery!) at least 4-8 times a day. Most often it will just get hot and discharge itself while in the pocket. HTC should be ashamed of such work!

I have had my phone for about two weeks now, and I love it! This is a great phone for everything I need a phone for. It takes great pictures, the touch screen is very responsive. The volume and the sound is great, it has a large selection of ring tones and volume controls. You can customoze this phone in so many ways as well. I would like a timer on it, but so far thats the only negative with the phone, and thats not too big of a deal. I think data plans are a phone company rip off, and you don't need one with this phone. If I want the internet I will open my laptop. I can say with out hesitation, this is a very good phone. I also like the size, its not too small, just the right fit. When you pick it up, it feels very strong and well built. The camara has some really nice features, it works well for one, but you can zoom into the picture you took and then wait a second, and then it will focus the picture. I like that you can also identify contacts with a picture if you want. There are so many things about the phone that are great. This is simply a great phone, I confidently give it five stars!

I've had this for a few days and so far it has been a great phone.  Very easy to use and customize (not as extensive as a smartphone though).  Best of all, like other reviewers have mentioned, no need for a data plan.  I'm very glad this phone came out when it did because looking for a good non-smartphone was difficult since all the carriers are trying to get you to buy a smartphone and with it the expensive data plan.  This is my first touch phone as well and I've gotten use to it quickly.  HTC (& AT&T;) have a winner (IMHO) at the price Amazon wireless sells it for (don't buy it through AT&T; because it cost way too much).Edit 03/13/11As of right now neither of the two phones accept calender appointments.  I've had to reset both phones 3 times now since I've bought them in order for new appointments to be accepted.  We need this feature since our last phone never failed in this regard.  Will call amazonwireless.com to see what can be done or will be returned due to manufacture defect with the software.  Unless I'm doing something wrong, please let me know.  It's too bad because everything else phone wise is a winner.Edit: 03/22/11Well took the phone on the 14th to AT&T; as suggest by Amazon Wireless customer rep.  He suggested maybe they had an firmware update or might know what to do.  Figured couldn't hurt to take it so I did.  All the AT&T; guy did was take out the battery for about 30-40 seconds.  Of course the calendar worked after the reset (just like when I turned off the phone).  Went home did the same to my wife's phone.  Next day, about I say 24hrs later, same thing started to happen.  It wont accept new calendar appointments.  On my wife's phone it seemed to fix the problem.  But this left a bad taste in my mouth.  I can't risk exchanging the phone and having the same issue because my 30 day exchange window is getting close.  Even though my wife's phone works fine, I don't want to risk it either if down the road it decides not to accept new appointments.  So I've decided to upgrade both phones to smartphones. She'll get the HTC Aria & I'll be getting the HTC Inspire 4G.  I hope nobody else have these same issues, but if you do, you aren't alone.

I've been wanting a nice phone with a touchscreen, but most of them require a two-year data plan. I don't text or search on the Internet with my cell phone. I just make phone calls. This is the ideal phone for me. It's easy to personalize and the sound quality is awesome. I only have three complaints. Although the touchscreen is wonderful, it can be very sensitive. It may just take some time to get used to it. The phone also takes too long to turn on, and sometimes I have to hold the button awhile before the phone will turn off. My chief complaint is the placement and sensitivity of the side buttons. I constantly hit the buttons when I'm talking on the phone. I could tolerate the other two issues, but the side button issue is a real nuisance. I still wouldn't give up the phone over that, however. I do love it! It's great for someone who doesn't want to pay for a data plan, but wants a good quality touchscreen phone.

So by looking at this phone it looks impressive.  But there major flaws with it.  First the Call log is not sorted by in out or missed (not a huge deal).  The sync with outlook is flawed as in will change dates or duplicate items on the phone and or in outlook.  At nigh the phone will 80% of the time either freeze (the battery will have to be removed to restart) or the battery will be completely dead ( I charge before bed, like it uses more battery when not being used).  At a minimum once a day it would either say "Oops ..." and restart itself or completely freeze and the battery had to be taken out to reboot.  What's the point of a phone when I try to call someone you can't?  Also a lot of people say they call but I never get the calls.  If the above is not enough the signal strength is very poor and almost never able to connect to 3G service even when the phone next to me can.  The behavior with my Bluetooth head set was odd as random things would happen like hang up instead of answer, disconnect from phone then reconnect and others.  I never had issue my Plantronics 510, but with this phone it is a pain.  So if you want a phone that looks good on paper, but is completely unusable get this phone, otherwise steer clear.Note:  Amazon was great to work with while I had this piece of junk.  Amazon replaced this phone (hoping I had a bad phone, not knowing it is a defective model) but had the same issues with new one. I returned this phone.

I really wanted this phone to be a good one, but after the first unit had to be returned for numerous freezes, reboots, and self-termination (it constantly turned itself off) and the replacement unit exhibited the exact same problems, I came to the obvious conclusion that the HTC Freestyle (AT&T;) was not very good.When it was up and running, it's a very good entry-level smartphone.  Good features and good call quality.I have to admit that I was surprised that a unit from HTC was so poorly engineered, given the good industry reviews that their products generally receive.In looking at the reviews, it appears that units shipped right after the phone launched were very good.  But later reviews pointed out the very same problems that I encountered.More that anything, the one thing a cell phone needs to be is reliable.  In my experience, with two units of the same model, the HTC Freestyle rates a &lt;1 (out of 10) for reliability. If a phone is that poor on that essential key factor, it hardly makes any difference what the rest if the phone is like.The Amazon Wireless staff were very helpful in getting me a replacement (twice) and have graciously allowed me to make a exchange for a entirely different phone so kudos to them.

I got this phone hoping that it could be similar to a smart phone but I wouldnt need that smart phone data plan. In some respects that was true, but overall this phone sucked. It was very prone to freezing, it would randomly start making this ringing noise, often times when you were on a phone call you were able to hear people but for some reason they couldnt hear you (this often co-incided with the ringing), there were next to no apps, the list goes on. I ended up getting 4 (the 3rd replacement died completely and took all my contacts with it so now im trying to rebuild my contact book) replacements through amazon before I finally just got fed up with it and traded for a motorola atrix.

I bought this phone as an upgrade and was a little skeptical at first buying from an online wireless store. Not only was the activation of the phone easy, I saved a ton of money too. This phone has a great build quality and very nice touch screen. The Freestyle also has quick navigation thanks to the great Brew MP operating system. Although it doesn't compare to a Droid or iPhone, this phone is a great alternative to those who don't want the data plan, but still like a great touchscreen phone with a little extra features. I personally enjoy the FM radio, which comes in crystal clear. After a day with the phone, I have had no problems whatsoever and the battery still doesn't need charging, but that all depends on how you use the phone. Get this deal while it lasts!

I can't say enough good things about how sturdy the phone itself is and how I love the look and feel of it.  That being said I absolutely hate the software and often times I wonder why I didn't choose something else.  After almost 2 years with the phone I'm torn between loving and hating this phone.  Coming from an LG that had great voice dialing and speakerphone I was heart broken that this had no built in voice dialing and the speakerphone is pretty awful.  The browser is clunky but fairly usable for little things now and then.As a texting device it really shows it's strengths and weaknesses.  The on screen keyboards work well as does the auto-correct but get over 300 or so messages saved up and the whole phone starts getting laggy.  The only fix I've found has been to clear out messages and reboot.  This wouldn't be as much of a problem except a bug somewhere in the software can make you receive messages 2, 3 and up to 6 times.  So you'll be replying to a text when the other 2 copies come in and send the text you were working on to the Drafts section.  Extremely annoying especially when you have an alert tone and it's going off all the time because of identical messages.Overall I really want to love this phone but AT&T; doesn't seem to know anything about nor does HTC themselves.  I've called both on several occasions to see what might be causing the multiple messages and the best they can tell me is to restart the phone or have it reset over the air.  HTC even told me one time that they had dropped support for the phone and would not be completing the next update that a lot of Freestyle owners had been waiting for.  That alone really swayed my opinion of HTC and I will not be going with them when I upgrade next month even though I really love the way this phone is built.  I know that this was probably just an experiment for them working on a non-smart phone but the software really dropped the ball on this phone.

I absolutely hate this phone.  I am not usually one to leave reviews, but felt I had to for this product.  The display is beautiful and bright, the phone is substantial compared to other phones its size and has nice weight to it, and the pictures are great (for a phone camera).  That is the extent of the good things I have to say about this phone.  I upgraded to this phone in May and have already had to get a replacement.  The phone freezes, has terrible lag, randomly shuts itself off, sometimes doesn't receive texts for hours at a time, and when it does receive them, I get 5 or 6 of the same texts!  Sometimes it won't ring, other times it won't answer the call.  It also has system error reboots several times a week, and loses connection with the SIM card and battery, rendering my phone completely useless.  While I am using the phone it puts the call on hold and dials another contact.  I can't believe I wasted my upgrade on this piece of garbage.  There are days I want to throw it out the window, and every single day I say "I hate this phone!"  Very unhappy customer.  Amazon was great, but the phone is crap.  Stay away.

Trust me and do not waste a penny on this phone.  It has software bugs that can not be fixed and has been nothing but a pain since day one.

I just don't know how would amazon still selling this phone. Inspite of all bad reviews I went ahead and ordered it, but I had same problem of "oops error occurred restarting", auto shutdown of the cell during night time, frequent loss of the calls etc..I tried installing their software hotfix for this phone, but no luck...I bought this for $20 on Feb 20 2012 and I am returning it right now..I should respect other reviews...ThanksPraveen

Have been looking for a touch screen phone with out the quirky key board. This has all the features that I was looking for. Messaging works good, pictures are good, calendar is nice, sound is loud, speaker works good. Battery life last me about 2 days. The phone is worth the price.

I've owned five (one new and four refurbished) Freestyles and all of them were severely flawed.All HTC Freestyles randomly displayed one or more of the following problems:Go to sleep/power save, and the only way to wake it up was to remove/replace the battery.Random restarting with an 'Oops! A system error has occurred' message.Random calls to contacts while on a call. I was NOT face dialing.Fully charged battery drained to completely dead overnight.Three or more text messages received for a single text message.Weak signal, random loss of wireless network connection or would not connect at all. Restarting would get the weak signal back.I sent the last Freestyle to HTC for repair and it was returned with the same issues plus one more--very weak signal or no connection to AT&T; network at all.Frustrated, I sent a polite but firm email to the HTC CEO explaining the many problems with the Freestyle. A support rep called and offered to replace the Freestyle with a new one (absolutely not!), an HTC Aria or an HTC Surround. I chose the Aria and it's worked well since delivered. It does require a 'data plan' which AT&T; automatically added to my account.Stay away from this mobile phone. My 4+-year-old Samsung Blackjack II is more reliable.

Had this phone for 7 months. Never dropped it or mis-used it in any way.Phone drops calls, battery dies suddenly, phone reboots at will (mostly when you need to make a call), phone also turns off on it's own.The BREW OS system is unreliable and is ONLY used on the Freestyle.I ended up going back to my old phone and selling this POS to Gazelle.com for 36 dollars.If you don't need a reliable phone, and if you don't text then this phone is worth the penny.Good Luck.

The team of engineers who designed this phone should be forced to rely on nothing but the HTC freestyle for a year and see how they like it. HTC. How do you like them apples?1. Unstable OS, even with the latest software update.2. Phone intermittently powers off by itself even with full batteries3. Text messages delayed 1 hr or received in triplicate4. "oops a system error has occurred. System restarting"I gave them one star because some htc reps came to the hospital and gave us all shiny key chains. Go HTC...yeah

Had this phone for 2 days and already having problems. Brand new phone too.  Issues like:-Error: restarting (something like that)-not detecting sim card?-phone screen just going black for no reason and not able to cut back on.-Buttons stop working (have to take battery out)-charge phone for all night going dead first thing in the morning.DO NOT BUY!Neat looking phone, hate to get rid of it, but I can't deal with all these issues.  AT&T; needs to recall!!! My friend has one of these too and having the same issues!

I'm going to be completely honest here: This phone is pretty amazing. I bought this phone for my daughter and she doesn't have ANY of the problems that the 1 star reviews claim that they have. She has had it for about 4 or 5 months now. Here are the cons of this phone (note: there is not that many)Cons:*Does have a duplicate messaging problem. But it is not a major problem because they all come at once usually and the phone does have threaded messaging*The app store is HORRIBLE! (only if you want app is this a problem)Now here are the Pros:*Great call quality; speakerphone is loud and has crisp sound*Threaded messaging so all messages are together*Never crashes or freezes. EVER.*Has a dual keyboard that are both great*touch response is similar to an iphone (meaning the touch response is quick)*You can connect to your twitter and facebook with ease thanks to friendstream*Mobile internet is fast 95% of the time and is great*Main menus make your life easier*You can link all of your contacts to facebook (if they have one)*It works just like a smartphone*the camera is very good. Indoors can sometimes be a little bit blurr but overall the pictures turn out incredible*Battery life lasts longer than you thinkThe main things that I will like to point out is that you should have unlimited data BEFORE turning on the phone. AT&T; will charge you for the updates that the phone will do if you don't have unlimited data. The phone is lightweight and easy to carry around. The design is nice and professional looking. We didn't have a hassle with opening the battery door. Don't get me wrong, this phone is not completely flawless but it has way less problems then people claim that it has. If you take good care of it and treat it with love and care, you won't have problems.

I've had this phone for almost a year now. I replaced this phone 3 times and I experienced problems within a week every time. I even had a phone sent back to me that wouldn't even start.Obviously this phone is no longer in production, so you don't have to worry about accidentally thinking this phone has any value higher than a vibrating paperweight.I just wanted to write this review for the pleasure of seeing the rating of the HTC Freestyle decline to where it rightfully should be- 1 Star

after almost one year with this phone, I have to mark this horrible phone one star here. When you are in a rush to dial 911 for an emergency, it will suddenly reboot and keep you wait for at least three minutes.

This phone is great the first couple of weeks you have it. I was impressed that it was a touch screen that did not require a data plan. However, after a month of having it I started having problems. It freezes all the time and it takes my ten times longer to text anyone because it freezes in the middle of sending a message. The phone is constantly resetting itself. I went into the AT&T store and the guy that helped me told me that this was the worst phone they had and that he never sells it to people because he knows they will not just have some problems with it. My friend got the same phone a couple months after me and her phone is starting to have some of the same problems, so I know it's not that I got a bad batch. The AT&T store tried rebooting my phone but I am still having the same problems.

I do not understand how they can still have this phone on the market.  This should have been recalled, and replaced with a phone that actually works.  The Motorola cell phone that we used and still have that is ten years old works better than this one, how shameful.  I should have read reviews before we purchased this phone for our Daughter.  I thought maybe she was over using the phone, and thats why it would get too hot to even hold, or freeze up.  I also thought it was her fault for sending me repeat text messages, and not responding to any of my text messages.  NO, this was not the case, and has since been confirmed by other reviewers who have had the exact same issues.  We are on our third phone, and should have kept the last bad phone, because now we have an even worse phone for our Daughter to use.  I must now have them mail me a new one.  And when I get it, will I have the exact same problems we now experience, or will it be even worse?  Shame on AT&T for still selling this product to unsuspecting customers!  They know they have a huge problem with this model, and yet they keep selling it.  It's funny, when you go on the AT&T website and read their customer reviews, they are all given five stars on every review.  Do you think they were doctored up some?  Now, I pray to God that her phone doesn't freeze up when she really needs it the most, in an emergency.

I didn't believe all the problems I read about could really happen on one device, but they do and more.  Don't waste your time.  Returning this ASAP to Amazon.  What a waste.

I've had this phone for a couple of months, and the people at the AT&T; shop talked me into buying it. It looked so slick and fancy, and once they said that the touch screen was just like the iPhone's, I made up my mind to buy it. Now, I regret it. Despite the fact that it does look cool, this phone sucks!First, there are no extra little apps. everything costs money to use. the only thing that's free is the calculator. my old phone had a recorder, tip calculator, unit converter, a timer, and so much other cool little tools. This phone has nothing but a calculator and an alarm.The picture quality is terrible. all the pictures are blurry.I had internet on it for about a month. I stopped paying for it because I couldn't do anything on it. the resolution was terrible for reading and all the videos and games did not play.And, last but certainly not least is the freezing and bugging out this phone does. I constantly have to restart my phone because I cannot open my messages. It also spazzes out all the time. When I start sliding through the tabs, it freezes.This phone pisses me off. I don't like to complain a lot, but I wanted to write this review to warn you against wasting your money on this piece of crap.

First, I hate 2-year data plan contracts and I don't text! It's expensive enough to pay for wireless and broadband as it is!  I use my netbook on the road at free wi-fi places.  I bought this after reading very positive previews.  I have to say, I have NO regrets!  First, I wanted a TOUCH-SCREEN.  It's true, this Brew OS is fast.  Everything runs and exceeds my initial low  expectations.  I simply sync with my PC/netbook for new apps/games/data. It's works like a compact planner.  The voice, speaker-phone, vibration, etc features were very good.  The build quality is exceptional. The only difficulty was getting the cover off to insert sim, battery, and memory cards.  I even put a screen protector by Xtremeguard and it still works great-just a slight resistance.  The keys on the screen was surprisingly easy to use for typing.  I wish it would auto-rotate, but no big deal.  Actually, the smaller size is easier to put in your pocket than a bigger screen smartphone.  BTW, the data for this phone is $30/mo.  So if you want the best touchscreen for great web browsing and texting, this Freestyle is NOT for you!  You are in the wrong league.  For those who want the luxury of a touchscreen and good OS for apps, and no extra charges, this is for you...actually, it's the only choice!  BTW, the normal phone jack is smart as the FM radio sounds unbelievably good.  Also, the 1300 mAH batter is as strong as my Rugby II.  I actually just ordered another Freestyle as an upgrade.  And a tip, order from Amazon since AT&T charges 80 bucks more!  Go figure that one out...

when i first recieved the freestlye i was so happy with it, it worked lovely and wasn't too had to figure out, but i've had it for three months now and it is already broken. the screen will randomly turn off and it will just not work at all unless it ocasionally wants to and my chasrger brok after i had it for like two weeks it is a HORRIBLE phone a real peice of poop! never get one!!

First of all, I was not looking for a smartphone for my daughter. She is 12yrs old and we don't allow her to do text, web browsing through phone and no data transaction. But we want her to experience and enjoy the touch phone. HTC Freestyle is the PERFECT phone for her in terms of 1) No Data Plan required 2) I can block Texting from AT&T website 2) No WIFI, means no web browsing on the phone. She was so excited about this phone and it worked fine for 3 days, then all sudden the power went down and could not turn it back by pressing the power button. The phone was fully charged when this happened. We removed battery out from the unit, then count few second and putted it back. The unit started working as normal after pressing power button. This happened few times and she missed my wife's call several times therefore I returned the unit to AT&T and got a replacement unit. We thought this problem is only on the first unit but today I found out that the 2nd unit also has this issue. We still have few more days to try, but I have a bad feeling about this phone right now. The concept is great, but if the unit is not reliable then this phone is not my choice.

I read the reviews, but went with the phone anyway.....What a big mistake.  The 1st one wouldn't stay on, kept having a system error.  The second one, well it worked ok for a short while...now it locks up, cuts off calls, gets terrible reception, and generally is just a cheaply made crappy phone.  I will be changing to something else as soon as I can get out of the agreement...Beware you have to keep the phone active for 280 days to keep from paying full price.  I'm just hoping it doesn't quit working completely before the time is up...Can't wait to get something else.

Do not buy this phone this phone has got to be the worst phone ever made it constantly malfunctions and has all sorts of problems the second week after i received the phone i had to send it back to htc to get it repaired and its not only my phone i know other people with this who have the same problem and i have read multiple reviews on which other people have agreed that this phone is absolutely horrible so i suggest you stay far away from buying this phone if you dont like to be stressed out!

I was excited about this phone when I first purchased it, but I am now very disappointed with it. Here's the highlights of the frustrating quirks about this phone:There is some issue with text messaging that no one can explain- I'll receive 3 or 4 copies of the same message, but only from certain numbers.The message notification light goes out when you receive more than one message. So I'll miss important messages.It will dial one of my friends when I am checking my voice mail.And if I am composing a text and another message comes in while I'm typing,  it will shut off the keyboard sounds and I can no longer adjust my volume for the ring, only for the "media" volume. I have to restart it at this point.The internet is a joke on this phone. VERY slow and difficult to look at.And the icing on the cake- it locks up all the time! The power button won't even work, so I have to pop out the battery.-If someone knows how to fix/avoid some of these issues please leave a note. I'm not afraid to admit that I might be doing something wrong.I gave it two stars because there are a couple good things about this phone, like the storage capacity for texts, the camera is pretty good for a phone, and that I can make my own ringtones.Don't waste your money.

I've had this phone for less than a year and am waiting for the day when I feel like I have used it long enough to get some of my money's worth.  I took my first one back to the store after just a week because I was have to pull the battery to reset it at least once a day.  They were very helpful and swapped it out for another one but even with this one I have continued to have problems with having to reset it way more often than seems right.  For instance, if I have a reminder on an appointment it will keep reminding me even if I have dismissed it.  I have to either pull the battery or go back into the appointment and edit it to "no reminder" to make it stop.I will say the sound quality is pretty good but I just can't get over the rest of the issues I am having with this thing.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I have ordered this phone for two weeks, and at the beginning I was so excited to find a touch screen phone with HTC sense UI, an android-like system (BrewMP OS), a phone without data plan required, and from great HTC. I am tired with iPhone, and have a tablet with Android, so maybe this is the time for me to give a try on a new system. But I am wrong. I only saw the first few reviews which gave me a great favor, but didn't notice the recent ones since May, who has similar experience with me.Pros:1. Great UI design, as HTC sense.2. No data plan required. You can switch on/off $15 unlimited data at any time.3. It is a 3G phone! It can work with ATT MicroCell to boost your signal.Cons:1. Freeze, freeze, freeze! It randomly freezes at any time, without touching anything on it!2. Crash, crash, crash! It can suddenly pops up a message like "Oops, system is rebooting..." The language can be either English or others, randomly!3. Black screen! It happened at least once a day. After that, your phone quietly die, and you won't notice it until in the morning you wonder where is my phone alarm?4. Battery gets hot, and drains too quickly! After the black screen, the battery usually gets extremely hot, and drains in less a day. It is even fast than smart-phone.Someone may wonder if I picked a defective one, or something else is wrong. I called Amazon service (GREAT) to quickly get another brand-new one. Exactly same thing happened. I went to ATT several times, and they replaced me with another brand new sim card. Exactly same thing happened again. This is not even a phone, and it is a crappy toy. I hope I can give it a zero star.So, my recommendation is: DO NOT BUY this phone, unless you want to lose your phone call, let your friend can't reach you, get hot stuff in your trousers, and miss your important alarm and schedule. Don't mess your time with this phone, and save your life.

I have had this phone for about 2 months,battery life stinks,drops calls all the time cant use it near a tv or computer it drops the calls, gets really,really hot on my ear after a few minutes of talking. It also freezes up on me all the time. I dont know if I just got a bad phone or if they are all that way.

This phone is one of the best touch screens i have seen so far besides the iphone. I tried it out in the AT&T; store and this thing was my number one upgrade choice. This phone comes with your basics and more a nice full web browser, nice menus, nice operating system,great battery life and it includes yellow pages mobile, AT&T; navigator, and much more. The best part it doesn't need a data plan its optional. The big point is if you want an amazing new phone or phone to upgrade to but don't want to pay the hefty data plan this would be your phone. Also 3G with speeds up to 7.6 Mbps.Update 3/1/12: There has been a few issues with this phone when I did my last review but HTC did release an update Recently That fixed most of them. So I sill do recommend this device as an alternative to a smartphone with an AT&T; data plan. My advice though Do update the phone and for those of you still complaining about the device having bugs you haven't updated yet so go ahead and do it and your phone will be so much better.

I've had this phone for almost a year I got them right after they were released so the were no reviews out yet but HTC had high reviews on everything they had out we have 3 of them on our contract and have had them replaced 3 times EACH they all have the same problems they freeze they shut off for no reason they receive the same text 3-4 even 5 & 6 times (I'm glad I have unlimited texting) with it being a touch screen there is a sensor to shut the screen off while its against your ear but for some reason it doesn't work and while I'm on a call its going thru the contacts and next thing I know I'm on with someone else this by far is the most annoying thing I have ever had to put up with any phone even after having 9 of them AT&T seem to think its either I don't know how to use a phone or that there is something wrong with the phone they don't wont to admit that its the whole system in the phone I've had so many problems with this phone I could scream and still AT&T will not replace it with a different model aside from the systems problems the camera is horrible this was the biggest mistake I've ever made as far as phones go as for AT&Ts customer service I have never been treated so badly by any company as soon as this contract is up I'm done with them I will most likely go with sprints $50 unlimited talk text and web with no contract and save myself the hassles of a contract plan and some money too I would give this phone a negative rating if I could and if I was rating AT&T it would be -5 star  Save yourself and run don't walk from this phone and AT&T

Please be aware that you NEED a data plan (not a pay-as-you-go plan) when you buy this phone.  We did not have a data plan because our daughter does not use the internet on the phone.When you first turn on the phone right out of the box, it will use the internet to sync weather and you will be charged for it.  Even if you turn off the weather sync feature, the phone will randomly send data through the internet.  AT&T; sent us a warning email 2 days after we got this phone letting us know of unusually high data usage.  When I checked, the phone had racked up $80 worth of data charges in 2 days, all by itself. AT&T; was able to back-date the available $10/month unlimited data plan to the day we received the phone.  But please be aware that you will incur incredible data charges without a plan.Having said that, the phone is terrific. And, as some people have pointed out in other reviews, the phone will occasionally receive the same text message 2 or 3 times.  I guess that's better than not getting the message at all.I gave this phone 4 out of 5 stars only because of the lack of warning that simply turning on this phone will incur data charges.

This is without a doubt the worst phone i have ever owned. Whether it is receiving multiples of the same text or text up to hours after they should have been received. This phone is not worth the .01 you pay with the upgrade. If I could go back I would spend hundreds on a phone rather than paying a mere nickel for this.

I had an issue with receiving texts late and multiple times.  My father sent me a text at 12:22 and my phone did not receive it until 6:32 that night.  And if I was not receiving the texts hours late, I was receiving the same text about 4 or 5 times.  This phone also has about a one second lag time after unlocking it from being idle for 5 minutes or more.  My Freestyle has struggled to keep up with transmission of information and has wasted more of my time than anything else.  I took it back to get an iPhone after a week of putting up with the phone hoping it may get better.

When I first got this phone I thought it was so great. Thank god I got the 6 month insurance plan. This phone is awful. I've replaced it 3 times. The first time was because it was having defects typing messages or using the buttons, so I got a new one. Then it got stolen (my fault), then the new one got dropped in a lake by my friend. I'll admit, the last 2 were not really the phone's fault, but still. The replacement that I got has SO MANY DEFECTS. I have to press the unlock button at least 10 times before it actually turns on the lock screen, and sometimes it turns on for a second then turns off again. I have to take out the battery (very hard to figure out how to get out) and put it back in to restart the phone 1-3 times a day. Luckily it doesn't have a problem composing messages or getting different places within the phone once you've unlocked it, and the battery life is pretty long. Those are the only positives. When someone calls you, the screen doesn't light up anymore to tell you who it is, so you either have to try to unlock it or just guess who you're speaking to. The speakerphone also stopped working for me. The negatives outweigh the positives by far, but at least it's a phone that I can live with until I can get a nicer smartphone. Don't buy this phone, save your money.

Of ALL the phones that I have had in my life this might just be the worst phone that I have bought. It is slow unreliable...i get 3 copies of the same text. Also if that isn't enough for you whenever I plug in my headphone it keeps playing on the speakers on the phone, so everyone else can hear the music. NEVER GET THIS PHONE!!!! JUST BECAUSE THERE IS NO CONTRACT ITS NOT WORTH IT!!!! TRUST ME!

I bought this phone for my wife as a replacement phone. On the first day it rebooted about every 5 min we took the phone back to the store the next morning and they gave her another one. After that we went shopping and then back home on the way home the phone started rebooting and freezing. Took it back to AT&T; and they swapped the SIM card. We went to Wal-Mart that was across the street and the phone rebooted and then froze we took the battery out several times with no luck. Took the phone back and they swapped the SIM and phone this time and we went home. upon getting home the phone rebooted twice and so we took the phone back yet again. One of the sales people there said that they had had several of the phones come back for the same reasons. My wife decided that she would give it one last shot and took the phone again. This one lasted about a day to a day and a half before it stated freezing and rebooting.The Phone is a great concept lot of nice features and apps that if it worked would be an awesome phone but at this time it is too buggy at this time.

I only rated this a 1 star because zero wasn't an option. This is the absolute worst phone i've ever had. I'm on my way to the at&t device service center now to replace it a fourth time. It doesn't stay on, it gives this error message: "oops, an error has occurred, restarting." and restarts, the phone gives duplicate text messages, places sent messages before the message you replied to, not to mention the awful reception it has indoors. Sometimes when it shuts itself off, it will short circuit or something and be extremely hot to the touch. Absolute poor quality! This phone should be illegal. If one were in a desolate location and needed to call for help, they would have better luck screaming at the top of their lungs because this phone sure isn't going to be reliable.

Looking for a new phone after only 2 months, oh well...looked good on the front end because it is not a "smart phone" and does not require data package. also headphone jack is standard and that is a plus. The key pad is very sensitive. Great phone.

All I wanted was a quality phone without having to pay for a data plan. At first, this task was impossible to accomplish (every "messaging" phone AT&T; had to offer were low quality and unsatisfactory) - that is, until the HTC Freestyle premiered this past February.This phone has a nice weight and quality build compared to it's competitors and is quite durable. The touchscreen is super responsive and the organization is great with customizable menus. The lock screen works wonders, too. Also it's super easy to manage media such as loading music and customizing ring tones. The battery life is really good, too, lasting on average two days after a hundred or so texts.The only cons I have stumbled across are these: It's common to receive a text message multiple times and sometimes the processing is slow when trying to type a text quickly. The camera is decent but I've seen better.Overall it's a great phone - and definitely the best pick for someone without a data plan. I would recommend it for sure.

The phone is bascially unusable.  It was dropping calls constantly in downtown chicago, new york city and in ann arbor, MI.  I switched back to my motorola razor from the 1990s and had far superior reception.  It seems like they invested effort in to all the ancillary features except it is utterly impossible to reliably place a phone call.  Do yourself a favor DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

i bought this phone refurbished and it STILL has a bunch of issues. only had it a month and i'm done with it!-- receive the same text multiple times-- turns off randomly because the battery slips loose inside-- takes forever to even slide through screen - to - screen-- freezes multiple times per use-- updates take minutesand i don't even USE the internet on it!beware - don't spend the $100 on this phone... research and get a much more reliable one

Tried 2 devices, really poor reception, tested side by side w/ Sony Ericsson, LG, and Motorola devices and the HTC has no signal reception. The HTC browser is not bad but with Brew MP OS, the system is really tied up. Would not recommend to users that do not have a rock solid signal in a full 3G area.

Please do not buy HTC Freestyle! It looks decent, 'fakes' as if it is a smart phone but you can not use it!1. I have it for the last two days. Froze 8 times. Turned off by itself. You will not find it till you try to use it. Then you find that you can not turn it on. Everytime, you have to open it, remove and replace the battery.2. First day, I made 3 calls (less than 2 minutes) and it was idle most of the day. Charge was supposed to be full. Then in the morning I found that battery charge is zero!3. Reboots itself, and then you can not do anything. None of the keys work. It will be continuously on. You have to open it remove the battery and replace it, for the phone to turn off and start working again.Horrible thing. Never thought there will be something like this. Then I read same comments/reviews by several people in AT&T; website and in Amazon. Made a huge mistake.Now I have to waste my time calling amazon, ATT, (may be HTC) to replace it / correct it/ or I do not know what to do.Some more comments:I called Amazon and they replaced it. The new one does not have any of the above mentioned problems and it is working perfectly fine! I think the problem was with the battery compartment and cover. It was not aligned perfectly in the old phone and it was very difficult to open or close the battery cover. In the new one everything is smooth and nice!

I've suffered through this phone for a little over a year now. Phone freezes up, restarts often. Web browser is slow and sometimes unresponsive. At least once per use I get an error msg that the page cannot be displayed so I have to attempt to reload. Text messages either don't send or send multiple times. I also receive several duplicate messages. Also, while the phone is charging I am unable to use the phone. The touch screen will begin working as soon as I unplug the phone from the charger. Awful considering the battery life doesn't last 24hrs regardless of how little the phone is used. I will never purchase another phone from HTC. As soon as possible I will dish out the cash for an Iphone. I've honestly never been this dissatisfied a customer. Everyone I've talked to that made the mistake of buying this phone is just as unhappy with their purchase as I am.

Despite the many bad reviews, I decided, well, for twenty dollars, why not? I don't want to jump to a smart phone because I disagree with AT&T;'s options for smart phone data plans, but I also think most of the feature phones available at the moment are junk. So I decided that since HTC is known for good build quality and most HTC smart phones are well reviewed, I'd give this experiment a shot. The idea of giving a feature phone a smart phone-like build and user interface is, in my opinion, a great one and there is a definite market for it. That said, as the first such feature phone available, the kinks are not at all ironed out yet.And I mean that in a big way. Frankly, HTC should be ashamed of themselves for putting this phone on the market as it is now. I've had two of them; I replaced the first one hoping that maybe I just got a faulty phone, but the second one acts exactly the same, so clearly these are problems are not limited to a small percentage of these phones; what are the odds that I just "happened" to get two faulty phones? Here are some issues I've had, with both phones:-It shuts itself off and won't turn back on until you take off the battery case (a grueling process; well taking it off isn't too bad but getting it back on is a real hassle. Who designs something like this, seriously?) and slide the battery in and out. It also frequently loses contact with the SIM card, leading me to believe that the connections for the SIM/battery/SD cards are just badly manufactured. Especially since this seems to happen more often if you're really out and about and the phone is in your pocket moving around with you. Almost every time I pull it out of my pocket it's dead. That said, it does still sometimes shut itself off randomly when it's just lying still on my bed.-Outside of the TOTAL shut downs it does, it also frequently shows a screen that says "Oops! There was a system error, restarting..."  It doesn't take too long to restart, and luckily I don't have to deal with that darn battery case, but this is still unacceptable.-Yes, I do receive multiple texts; not as bad as some people seem to get it. I'd say about one in fifteen texts I'll receive twice. I don't know whether they patched this issue so that it's not as bad as it once was or if I'm just lucky or what.-The battery life is...weird. I think the little meter that shows how much is left is very poorly programmed. I can go to bed thinking I'll be fine until the morning because it shows the battery as being almost totally full, only to wake up and find the battery totally dead. I've gotten in the habit of plugging it in even if the battery shows as being nearly full. This is totally vexing and not something I've ever seen in a phone before.-The screen has little glitches here and there.-I seem to have pretty poor signal almost everywhere. Most of the time when I try to make an outgoing phone call it'll never go to the "Dialing..." phase, it will just say "Connecting..." and then randomly go to "Ending call..." on me for no reason.Yes, the interface is very well programmed. It's sleek and responsive, the touch screen is great, and I love the auto correct on this phone; I can type basically gibberish and still end up with the right words in the end. But the nice user interface does not remotely make up for the fact that in general it's a failure of a phone. I like the IDEA of this phone, but it's a flop. Seriously, do yourself a favor and don't do it. I'm going to have to bite the bullet and just go up to a smart phone in order to get a phone that will actually satisfy me. And I won't be getting an HTC, that's for sure. I can't back a company that would put a product like this on the market.

Several months ago, I decided to buy this phone.  On the first day, it wouldn't turn on.  I discovered that the only way to fix this is to take apart the phone, remove the battery, reinsert it and then turn it on.  Since then, I have had to do this at least three times a week.  (Some times, three times a day).  We decided to return the phone and replace it with a new Freestyle (Not every phone can be perfect right? There will be that one with the glitch...)  Nope.  Exact same thing started happening on the first day.  It would freeze, there would be system errors and restarts, and navigating through the pretty-enough UI takes forever.On top of all that, when I plug it into my PC, I can't transfer music, pictures or videos to or from the phone.  The only thing it allows you to transfer are contacts and calendars.Second phone - same problem.Third phone - same problem.We did not buy this from Amazon (who I love), but from AT&T.;  AT&T;'s response is that we either spend more money on a better phone or they will give us a refurbished flip phone without a keyboard!  We have created a Facebook page about this problem ("Lousy AT&T; Customer Service").  Please "like" our page if you have had the same problems with this phone.

Whatever you do, do NOT buy this phone!On my second one and has the exact same problems as the first one. Just requested a third because AT& T won't do anything about it other than send the exact same P.O.S.! This phone shuts itself off and freezes several times a day. Save yourself the headache and buy something else.

This would be the greatest non-smart phone ever; if it ever worked.  I had it replaced twice within the first 30 days.  I didn't even mind the multiple texts.  They don't happen that frequently.  5 to 7 times per day the phone would shut itself down and need to go through a hard reboot (remove the battery and restart).  At least 3 times per day I would get oops we had a system error and the phone would reboot itself.  Finally, the latest phone, just stayed at the oops error.  That's it, never to reboot again.  The reviews slamming the battery life is a function of the constant rebooting.  The two consecutive days that it ever actually worked the battery only drained about 50% in 48 hours, but that is with no data usage.  Voice quality was great.  It's a real shame that HTC chose this to be their first Brew offering on AT&T.

Pros: This is a very nice phone. The touch screen is very responsive and is a really great feature phone. Texting on it is very easy and has no delays. I love that you can customize it to fit your needs and has many options. Call quality is overall pretty good and the camera isn't awful.Now the down-side.Cons: I ordered my first HTC Freestyle and within a day, it was sending me multiple copies of the same text and was frequently restarting itself. I called the customer service and they said those are common issues with the phone and right now there is no solution. I ordered a second one and hasn't been nearly as glitchy. It still sends multiple copies of the same texts. It has only restarted itself a couples times which isn't awful. If i wasn't locked into this phone for 2 years I would probably keep it but after a few months I'll probably be ready to break it. I will be returning it and not ordering it again.To sum up, I would without a doubt suggest this phone if they could fix the glitches but until they are fixed, I would not recommend this phone unless you are very patient with glitches.

I wish that I would have read these reviews more thoroughly earlier.  I've had the phone for about a month and receive duplicate texts constantly, even after contacting ATT and having them "work their magic".  Also, as of today, I too am receiving the SIM card error message, which disconnects my calling and texting service until I manage to mysteriously make the phone re-recognize the SIM card.  I've done this by turning off the phone, removing the battery and the SIM card and replacing back, and turning on the phone.  I often have to do this several times for it to work, and even then, I seem to keep getting the error later eventually for no apparent reason after it has started working again.  Needless to say, I am disappointed.  Saving all the money through Amazon to get a cool phone for much cheaper is only cool if the phone actually works the way it is intended.  Booo...If anyone figures out how to fix these issues, I'd love to hear.

I enjoy the using the phone over all. But Having to charge the phone every 2 days can be annoying. The build quality is very high.  I would highly recommend this feature phone. If you want a video review of this phone go here [...]Pro'sgreat touchscreen, user interface, build quality, phone size, very responsive, browser, good virtual keyboard, headphone jack, FM radio, very customizable applications, great call & message reminders, great auto correct for messagingCon'spoor battery life, Bluetooth doesn't support Pan{personal area network},can't tether or use as modem, calender not functioning, no wifi, HTC sync software doesn't work, no flash for browser, signal isn't the strongest, camera is substandard and no accelerometer if you tilt the phone screen doesn't to landscape.

i luv this phone. i brought it from amazon wireless and its an amazing phone. i luv the fm radio and u arent charged for it! i would recommed this to anyone. but the keyboard is gonna take some getting used to.

I received this phone about three weeks ago.  First off, I want to say that I love everything about this phone.  The touchscreen feels great, call quality was excellent, and i loved the friendstream feature.  It also links people's facebook profile pictures with the contact list which was pretty neat.  Best of all, its not a "smart phone" so the data plan is not required and if you do decide to get a data plan its cheaper than it would be with smart phones.My only complaint - and its a major one - is that I kept receiving duplicate text messages.  Of about 250 original messages that I received, I received about 70 duplicates.  Usually only one extra, but sometimes more.  It's VERY annoying to say the least.  After doing a factory reset of the phone it still had the same problem.  I'm returning it and getting a new one tomorrow (as it is sitll under warranty) and will glady give this phone 5 stars if the problem is fixed.  On a side note, HTC told me it was a problem with ATT towers and not the phone, but after troubleshooting with ATT they told it me the phone was faulty which I believe since I've never had this problem with my other ATT phones.UPDATE:  My replacement phone has had no problems so far.  It's been a little over a week now and everything is great!  No duplicate texts, which means to me that SOME of the phones are faulty, but not all.  My first phone was giving me problems from day one.  Anyway, I'm hoping this new phone continues to send me only one text at a time but I don't see why it would start now.2nd UPDATE: It's now been over a month with very little problems.  I do get the very occasional duplicate text, but the duplicate text DOES NOT SHOW UP ON THE BILL, which is good to know.  Since its only on occasion and it doesn't count against my plan I have absolutely no problems with it.  I'm also very impressed with how easy it is to use the internet.  It has a full html web browsing and you can do the pinch trick to zoom in and out of a web page.  Very nice!

WARNING: Do not get this phone regardless of any pricing.When I first got this phone, I liked it a lot. It ran smooth and did not crash or freeze or anything, not to mention it looked nice and had some nice features. But after a few days of use, it crashed and rebooted for the first time. This was no big deal to me, since it only happened once in a while. But it progressively got worse every week. Eventually, it was crashing and rebooting at least once or twice a day! Then, just yesterday it completely broke: the phone will freeze at the boot up HTC screen and remain that way forever (resetting the phone didn't help this at all). I've only been using it for about 3 months...

Good looking messaging phone that has no data plan. Awful when it comes to text, dropping calls, touch screen is overly sensitive at the wrong times. This is a 'messaging phone' but the keyboard is WAY too small and does not make messaging easier. Vibration is nice and strong, but I'd rather have a nice messaging phone then a semi-smartphone that does not really work well. Also the calender system/CD rom it comes with is for PC only. No MAC. There is a reason it is $319 retail.After a month, I returned mine today.

I do very much love this phone...I honestly have never been this excited about about a phone!It's slick and sexy!BUT! Since day 1 the phone has frozen up about 12 times.Have to pull battery out to reset.So I just called Amazonwireless and they are sending me new one at no charge to me, not even shipping.Just had to send the other one back "also didn't have to pay for shipping".The Customer Service was OUTSTANDING!The phone is Deffinately worth it, and the service is the cherry on top!:)Good job Amazonwireless!

This phone sucks big time and has no place calling it a smartphone look a like. I bought this phone on hopes I could do thing like a smartphone without the high monthly charge, what crock.First off this phone will receive 3+messages all the timeSecond the phone will lock up on you while you are trying to write and send out a message and you have to take the battery out to reset itThird if you like to save your text messages the phone gets slower as more messages are storedForth and kind of important to me, the phone has stopped accepting mms text and it can not send out mms either and I have only had it for a month in halfI have had it more than 30 days so amazon won't take it back or exchange it for meSave your self some money and get a better texting phone than this one.

If you want to text a lot you don't want this phone.  You can get duplicate text messages as many 10 times.  HTC hasn't got a clue which makes me wonder about their other phones.

I havee a queston for this phone does it require a data plan or not? If so I need to know because i aint going to pay for one. And sense i have at&t does this mean its an upgrade for my existing pone or just a phone i can buy because i dont like the one i have.

Aweful... simply explains this whole phone. I purchased through company partnership, Purchasing power.  The phone is very complicated and not user friendly.  Could not find wifi app then found out it didnt have that capability. tried to sync email and facebook to find out it would not connect, kept saying communication error try again later. I also could not even connect to my carrier data, then it would freeze up and state oops, an error aquired, restarting.  At times the phone will just shut off and you have to release thwe battary and install to reboot the phone.  Most terrible device for it to be a name brand. It should not even be being sold and it cost 125.00 and other places i seen it was 55.00. PLEASE  PLEASE never get this phone

I got this phone because it looked cool and would impress my friends. Of course, it helps to have a phone that does not have random glitches, such as taking awhile to unlock once the pull down bar has been pulled down, not showing the messages after one pushes on the message button, and a whole other slue when it comes to the messages. Also, after I got the phone I got a gel/silicon case, but after I dropped it once the back of the phone now has a dent in it. It was dropped on a carpeted floor from less than one foot. I would not get this phone if you are not willing to sacrifice a good quality phone for style.

Although this phone is very solidly constructed, has excellent call quality and battery life, and has many appealing features, it is ultimately extremely disappointing in its basic calling and texting functionality. The phone almost never shows more than one or two signal strength bars in areas where my Samsung Rugby has 3 or 4. Even more annoying, when it has no signal for an extended time, it gives a glaring "No SIM" error message. The only way to get rid of the error message is to restart the phone once it is back in signal range. The virtual keyboard makes it "virtually" impossible to type an error-free message; I do not have this problem with my iPod Touch. There is also a glitch that causes the phone to receive multiple copies of text messages; according to HTC, this is a "known issue." Most annoying of all, there is a considerable lag -- 20 seconds or more -- between clicking to open a received message and actually being able to read the message. In this era when time is at such a premium, this is an unconscionable time-waster. One additional minor frustration: The Address Book fields are limited in such a way that a photo cannot be sent to an email address, which I can currently do with my Samsung Rugby to upload photos to Facebook. Instead, AT&T requires you to pay data fees to upload photos directly to Facebook. Bottom line: the HTC Freestyle is a disappointing waste of a perfectly good upgrade. I'm now back to using my old Samsung Rugby, which turned out to be a welcome relief in terms of basic calling and messaging functionality.

Updating my review, I have had this phone since April, its now October. This is by far a cool phone, but it has some serious bugs with the text messaging. I am now on my 3rd replacement phone from At&t and the tech support cant seem to figure it out.Today is day one with my new replacement phone and its already having problems. Just save yourself the money and hassale and get an iPhone.

Do not buy this phone.I upgraded my 2 year old LG Vu to this - the only phone AT&T; offers that isn't grossly over-priced and that didn't require a data plan. I have NEVER used the data plans, and see no reason to do so - my major requirement is being able to see the phone, so the data plan is the same as throwing $15 - $45 dollars away. Also, the fact that providers require the plan (and the money, of course) to get any phone that was invented after 1998 is pure extortion.So, I got this phone, having read the reviews where half the people rated it a 1 and half a 5. I got a 1 phone. Within the first 4 hours of owning it I had to remove the battery (hard reset) 7 times. The next day, before I could return it, it "oops, a system error occurred" came up and the phone turned itself off. Then it got hot. REALLY hot. When it was off. Hard reset, phone is still hot. I had received a text from AT&T;, and while accessing it the battery went from 100% to 25%. In less time than it took to write that sentence.It's a brick. It doesn't work, and I doubt it ever will. I'm taking it back, cancelling my contract (my previous one is expired, so I can without penalty) and going witha pre-paid plan on an unlocked phone.

I love this phone! It's so great, other than some minordefects.  Some defects include: turning off by itself andoccasionally the time gets lines through it; but allyou have to do is restart it. But it is a good phoneand it looks like a smart phone but with out the dataplan. I would recommend this phone to a friend.

I researched this phone prior to purchasing it from AT&T. I would've purchased it for $49 from Amazon however they didnt offer a low usage (cheaper) family plan like I needed. Where to begin, it's been almost 5 months that I've had this phone, I just got my second from ATT support center with the same issues. #1 Duplicate texts are intermittent and can be anywhere from 2-6 txts per message received. If you don't have unlimited txting this can be very expensive. #2 Delayed texts are beginning to be a problem as well coming as late as a day later WTH! #3 hardly any(none that ive found) free apps. #4 Phone freezes whenever it so chooses, causing you to lock then unlock it to get it back to normal. #5 Loses cell signal sterngth (2nd freestyle, 1st one didnt have this problem)not sure about this issue. I have researched this phone more and am looking for another phone I dont know where to start im stuck in a 2 yr contract and dont want to pay $80 for a prepaid phone with hardly any features. #6 Call quality is poor, on my LG Vu I could hear any and everything ery clearly, on this one uhh no, I can hardly hear what people are saying causing me to say " what'd u say" a gazillion times thruout a phone call. I will never do this again and purchase a phone with a lot of bad reviews. I went out on a limb since this was the only messaging/almost smartphone out there that didnt require a data plan. Do not purchase if u need a phone that won't frustrate u and actually works.

I LOVED this phone when I first got it.  It really is one of the best phones you can get without a data plan.  However, there are so many glitches in it that I ended up taking out my sim card and putting it in an old phone--at the beginning of my 2 year contract :(  First, I have to say that I got my first phone replaced, but the second one had the exact same problems, but the worst of which didn't show up until after my 30 day return period.  Here are a few things wrong with BOTH of my phones:  multiple text messages; alerts for calendar events go off randomly and frequently, even after I dismiss the event, thus rendering the calendar function extremely annoying; and the worst: delayed text messages.  Some texts I wouldn't receive at all, and some I would get hours later.  That glitch was the last straw for me; you can't have any kind of texting exchange if you don't get the other person's response in a timely manner.  DO NOT get this phone!!!!  HOpefully HTC will fix all the glitches eventually.

Don't buy this phone.  You will be sorry.If HTC or AT&T; don't admit they have a problem and update the Software, it simply is not worth your trouble.Yes, it looks and sounds like a great deal.  I tried it for 2 weeks.I wanted this phone to work, and it did work between resets and crashes.The phone would display the "oops" self reboot screen several times a day.It would also simply shut off by itself at least once a day.Then there was the time it got very hot and drained the battery in a matter of minutes.  I could hardly touch the back cover it was so hot.I don't know if it is a HW or SW fault.If you want a phone to receive phone calls, this phone is not what you want.I did not text, play games, browse the web, use maps, or any extras.I simply used it as a phone.  The phone crashed most often after some interaction, like hanging up a phone call.  But it also crashed with no external action.In my opinion, this phone needs to be taken off the market and recalled until the bugs are fixed.  This lack of quality should not be tolerated.

Avoid this phone at any cost. This phone becomes dead even if you move and then you have to take out battery to restart it. I had two of this and not satisfied. Don't buy it period....

Do not waste your time and money on this phone, even if it is free phone.  I do not know even nowaday( in 2011) that any company can make a phone like this.  I am not compare this to a any smartphone, I am just talking about a dumpphone to make call and text.  First, the screen is keep frozen, the problem is the hardware is not capable process the request info. You will need to turn it off and turn on a again to fix this problem. Second, the speaker phone is absolutely useless, you can not HEAR at all, just think of the speaker at the drive-through at McDonald about 20 years ago, and this speaker phone is about 90% worse than that, I AM SERIOUS about it. Impossible to hear anything with all the static.  Third, the signal reception is just as bad as the speaker phone, I only have about 1-2 bar no matter which areas that I am at.  Just do yourself a favor, stay away for this piece of junk. I would give half star if there is an option for me to rate this phone.  I have to give it 1 star but this phone do not even get 1 star.

I've had an HTC Freestyle phone for almost two weeks.  Twice a day, sometimes more, I've had to reboot the phone by taking the battery out.  The software reboots the phone on it's own several times a day as well.  Today I had an incoming call that locked the vibrate function on contiguously until I took the battery out.  The phone also turns itself on and off.  The only thing this phone does well is function as a paperweight.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!

This is my first touch-screen phone and I really like it. I had to return the one I got first because it had a couple of issues but this new one seems to work perfectly. The only things I don't really like are that you can't edit pictures after you take them and there isn't a notepad app. Overall, this is a good choice for someone like me who wants a nice phone without the nice-phone price.

This is an update after using this phone for about 1 week. The result was dissapointing. It was working really well for a while untill it gave me the first sign of the approaching breakdown when I receieved a repetition of same messages. This happened on the 5th day of usage. I wasn't worried because nothing happened for a while after that and the next day but today the phone did the message I hope I would never see, "There was a system error...".I checked the size of the memory and it was fine so that had nothing to do with it. The battery is fine too. Speaking of battery...the tech at the company said that there is no way to turn off the battery screen while it is charging so I have no choice but to cover it up while I am sleeping...I am going to wait a while and see if my phone will break down on me again. If it does, I am going to try and install the update they posted on their website...hopefully it will do something (I bet it won't based on the reviews I had read). There is a likely chance I might return this phone for a different one.

Don't waste yout time with this phone! I made that mistake and was so disappointed. It crashed all of the time and you could not get it to turn back on without taking the battery out, which is not an easy job. It would freeze and again, you have to take the battery out! I recieved the same text message nine times! Always popped up error messages for no reason way! Called the htc company and they diplomatically told me that asking them if they had a lot of complaints on the phone wouldn't be good because that was his job. Also, I spoke with the manager at att store and he said to get out of that phone as soon as possible. Shame shame on att for offering such garbage and shame on htc for making a substandard product!

Like an idiot, I didn't read any customer reviews before I purchased to phone.  It is a good phone when it works.  It does have a big problem that constantly keep it from working.  It randomly shuts down, quite often.  The battery drains so quickly, and charges for so long that the combination of the two makes the phone unusable when you truly need it.  Its drops calls and when it shuts down it will not turn back on until it has been satisfied with 15-20 minutes of charging.  This is extremely inconvenient, I do not recommend it...

I purchased this phone because I heard good things about htc, but the operating system in this phone is TERRIBLE. This phone has constant system errors in which case it restarts. Navigating takes forever because of slow response. It takes me literally 10 minutes to view and respond to a text message. I would highly discourage this piece of junk.

This may well be the worst messaging phone on the market.  There are many poor reviews of this phone, including many on ATT's own web site. However, ATT insists that there are no problems with this phone.  Repeatedly shuts down during use simply saying "oops, an error has occurred." Phone also has a long delay between the keystroke and rendering of the character on the screen. Stay away from this phone.

Excellent phone, handy, nice graphics for a NO smart phone, very sensitive the screen for texting, in the past I own a smart phone but the data plan is so expensive when in reality I don't need date plan. Great AAAA+++........

I'm not a big phone guru or any of that. I wanted a phone that didn't require a data plan, but still wanted to move up to something close to a smart phone. Long story short, after using the phone for about 20 minutes I called up to get a new one.In the 4 hours that I have now owned the phone it has locked up / frozen on me 3 times and the only way I can fix it is by taking it apart and removing to battery to start it back up again. (After reading a bit I see the crashing issue is actually very common)The most important reason I got this phone was for the texting, which as far as I can tell is far worse than I could imagine. If you want your texts to be full of random jumbles of words or you want to correct yourself on every word you try to type in, you will enjoy this phone. I had difficulty pressing the correct keys even using the tip of a pen.  The only reason to buy this phone is so that you can send it back and join us in bringing down the rating so that the phone companies learn their lesson and never again make a phone this bad.

Originally, I wanted a decent phone. All the ATT Phones without data plans and bad. This phone is TERRIBLE. The first day, I thought this phone was great. After a few days I would try and make a call, and the phone would restart. Other times it would go black. I would constantly have to take out the battery, (which was at a very awkward spot in the phone) and restart it. After having these problems, I finally gave up thinking it was a defective phone and called Amazon wireless. They shipped a new HTC freestyle to me again. After using this for a few weeks it would get red "lines" across the screen, and would constantly restart. This phone is aweful. I am never buying a HTC phone again, It was so bad I just gave up and returned the 2nd one. Thanks a lot HTC, Trying to get my hopes up for a cheap decent nice phone I guess isn't reality.

I ordered 3 phones for my family as an upgrade.  All three froze the second day we had them.  Had to remove the battery to reboot. Very diffucult to remove battery cover to remove battery. Did not stay on in stand by mode.  I had battery replaced in my phone and it still froze. I had to remove my battery several times a day. The other phones had to have batteries removed every other day to reboot.  ATT store does not carry them anymore due to these problems. Terrible phones. Would not recommend at all.

Worst phone I have ever owned. Messaging is horrible (multiple text), signal strength is horrible compared to nokia and samsung, if you are talking to someone - phone randomly doing other things that it wishes to do, calling somebody else for example, I HATE it, I bought another phone after 6 months (different brand, I would Never buy something else from HTC in the future), I could not live any longer with this POS.

This is a really cute phone, but in the 5 days I've had it it has frozen up 6 times and I've had to take the battery out to reset it.  It has turned itself off 5 times and it sends me texts like 3 times.  Tomorrow I am calling to trade it out.

Don't listen to any of the negative feedback some people give this phone. Most likely, they were expecting some high-tech, super processing smartphone knock-off with ton's of apps. That's not what this phone is. This phone is like any other ordinary feature phone, however, it takes the next step toward the future of messaging phone. They all have there strength and flaws. Unlike some people, I can't afford a full data plan and fancy phone. However, this phone is all I need for social networking (I'm a big fan of this), messaging, and multimedia and I am BEYOND happy with it.The main thing I love about this phone is that it's not JUST focused on one aspect. For example, most slider phones with a full qwerty keyboard are focused on messaging, while the rest of the phone is just garbage. While the messaging keyboard on this phone is slightly delayed, it is very enjoyable and easy to use, and the phone is great for other features as well.One thing that I really appreciate is that this phone is VERY customizable. You can upload your own home screen wallpaper and lock screen wallpapers, you can rearrange your order of screens that you scroll through, you can use your own ringtones and messaging tones, and a lot more.The friend stream app is a MUST (seriously..) if you're a big fan of facebook or twitter. I've always wanted somewhat of an app for Facebook rather than having to bring up the browser and go on it from there. This app costs nothing if you already have internet on your phone. It's a very stylish, slick way of viewing friends posts and whatnot, and you can click on anything in the feed and it will take you directly to that part on Facebook in your browser. The weather app is also a very nice addition. It's great to see when I'll need my umbrella for campus haha! These are really the only two apps designed for this phone, and you can change how often they update! While I'd like to see more, I will not complain, because that's all I've actually ever wanted.Now onto the CONS. Yes this phone is quite amazing, but it does have a few MINOR flaws, however the pros easily make up for them. The phone has a GREAT build and feels great in my hand. It's excellent quality, but now I'm scared to death of dropping it! Right now, there are no cases or protectors for it (not that I know of at least). I've looked everywhere and can't find any. The battery can be a downfall this phone, unfortunately. I would recommend setting it to go into sleep mode after one minute and turning the brightness down to mid-level. One good thing, however is that the phone comes with a usb cable that can be charged via laptop, anywhere, which is good for me! Getting to the battery is somewhat of a hassel, but how often do you do that? It may be hard to get to, but it really is securely placed. The messaging, if you're not used to it, has a bit of a learning curve to get used to. I've always used physical qwerty boards. This is my first FULL touchscreen phone, and I'm getting used to it. The camera COULD be better, in my opinion and it doesn't have any form of editing either, not even rotating or cropping, which is a letdown.All in all, this phone is outstanding. In my opinion the best non-smartphone AT&T; has to offer as of now. It's got a beautiful design, it's made by an excellent company, it's fun to do the simplest things on, and it's perfect for anyone that loves to message and do social networking. I highly recommend this phone, you won't be sorry! Hope this helped some people clear some skeptical ideas up, there's many more features but I can't list them all!

I like this phone, the touchscreen works well and texts well.  As good as an iPhone.  My husband has a Samsung touchscreen phone and you have to push hard on it to register - I hate it.  There are lots of pros like the apps, nice touchscreen, and simplicity of use, below are the things I don't like....CONS:I frequently text photos but with this phone, even if you have their email address stored in your phone book, it doesn't come up when you begin to type.  You have to type it out each time which is such a pain!  The biggest flaw with this phone IMO.  I emailed HTC because I was sure there had to be a way and I just couldn't figure it out, and this is the reply I got:"The messaging app is designed to search for phone numbers only as this app is primarily used for text messaging to other mobile phones, this is why you need to enter the email address in full. At this time, there is no way to set the phone to search for email addresses within the messaging app."Not impressed....The camera takes pix that are often blurry... The color is a bit off.  You can adjust the contrast and brightness but it's a hassle.Overall it was an okay purchase for $20.  I'm too cheap to buy AT&Ts; data plan so this is what I chose.  It works.

~Too bulky for what it offers~Randomly(while calling or texting) shuts off,with error message "oops. System Error occurred. Restarting..." it happens OVER & OVER, some days up to 10 times a day!!! it takes a minimum few MINUTES to recover!~it also dies during the night & guess what who cares if you needed an alarm?~Gets duplicated text messages~low battery life as well as misleading battery meter(shows the battery is full & dies in few hours when the phone was only used for few texts)~very limited sync features~alarm & calendar features are very limitedextremely frustrating phone! but if your life is boring & you would like to "spice it up" obtain a miracle worker that will change you life - it's the HTC "Freestyle"!it is definitely not worth it paying $150 for a phone that doesn't work!

I purchased this phone for my daughter.  She really liked the features and the touch screen.  However, as some others have warned we had problems with receiving text messages multiple times and with the phone occasionally not recognizing the SIM card.  After multiple calls to AT&T;, Amazon Wireless and even HTC, we were sent a replacement phone that did the exact same thing.  We returned it and will be looking for another phone.This is an HTC issue and if they fix the problem, it would be a great phone.  I love that it did not require a data plan!
