
This phone was fun for the first 15 minutes... until I started to use it.The good:- Nice looking.- Light weight.- Can sync contacts and calendar with Google.- Decent/good price without a contract.The bad:- Many of today's apps won't run on the version of Android that the MyTouch uses. So, you CAN'T install Instagram, LinkedIn, Netflix, etc. So annoying.- If you upgrade the Android version on this phone, the phone is unbelievably slow.- Some of the apps that you can install freeze all the time and/or won't run. I can't even get Google Voice to work properly.- Gets hot, even with light use (texting, editing settings like ringtones).Overall, I'm very frustrated and feel this phone purchase was a waste. I had an old half-broken iPhone. Even my half-broken iPhone is better and faster than the MyTouch 3g. The MyTouch 3g is simply slow, frustrating, freezes, and it's old (so it won't run a lot of today's current applications).If you want a basic phone and don't are about apps, this might work for you. Otherwise, forget it.

I bought the phone. It arrived on time. The phone has a T-mobile logo on it. I placed my ATT SIM card with data plan in the phone but could not pass the google activation. The error message is "can not find network". I borrowed a T-mobile SIM card with data plan from a friend. Then I could finish the google activation. Swapped back to my ATT SIM card, I could make a phone call, but still could not use 3G service. Browsed on Internet, got following info "AT$T 3G network works on 850/1900 MHz bands. The myTouch 3G is only compatible with the 900/1700/2100 MHz 3G bands which means it will work with T-Mobile's 1700/2100 3G network. and the european 900/2100Mhz 3G network. But not AT$T." So I returned the phone.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE IT SUCKS SO MUCH GET THE 3G SLIDE,4G SLIDE OR THE 4G NIETHER OUT THOSE 3

I've had my phone for two years and overall it's a decent phone, but nothing outstanding.My biggest complaints are: It takes about 3 minutes to boot up and about a minute to shutdown. The touchscreen is sluggish and sometimes quite unresponsive. The rollerball is really unnecessary. There is a slight delay in typing on the display keyboard. And quite often the wrong letter appears on the screen after typing. This is particularly true of the letters on the outer edge of the QWERTY keyboard. The audio level on the earpiece is not very good and sound quality is slightly diminished. The battery life is about one day depending on how often you use the phone. I charge my phone every night. The charger has an unnecessary bright blue light on the plug that emits enough glow in a dark bedroom to keep a person from sleeping at night.My biggest praises are: It's a strongly built phone. I have dropped my phone countless times and the screen has never cracked and the phone has never broken. The display is crisp and the coloring is vivid. Perhaps the best display I have ever seen on a smartphone. The ringtones are nice and loud especially for those of us who are hard of hearing. When I have a good Wifi connection the browser and email client are very fast. I particularly like the built-in GPS, especially when using Google Maps.This would have been the perfect phone if the built-in processor was slightly faster. But, because it is sluggish I give it a low 3-star rating.

I bought this last night for $60 off a nice lady on craigslist. This phone has to be probably the worst android compatible machine ever. I know it's the first generation Androids but honestly it's very much slow. My texting was faster than the response the phone had. I wrote one sentence to my friend with no errors and it took about 2 minutes to show it on the screen. The keyboard is small, the back case is flimsy, the camera is absolutely garbage, no headphone jack unless you buy the adapter (bought it from a computer store for $5 bucks). I buy my phones to resell but I knew no one was going to pay anything above $50. So I had to sadly cut my losses and sell it for $50 to a nice man. I recommend this phone only to little ones who want to learn about Androids. Oh, and my friend had purchased a 3G from here and he states it does not have unlocking access. His AT&T; Sim Card did not work.Too long didn't read---Only buy this phone if you're a beginner, want to call, small texting, and average browsing. Don't buy this phone for daily use. It will kill you with the slowness!!Just my little review. Thank you and have a great day everyone!

My grand daughter is 12 years old and she loves this phone. It has everything she wants, game playing, internet, you tube and more.

It was a very nice purchase. Quick delivery and excellent service. Brand new product and warranty. Everything included: chargers, cables and even headphones. 100% Customer Satisfaction.

i purchase this for my girl to use at school.  it's only OK.  the seller didn't mention that you need to have data plan to start it.  it took me hours to work this on.

I bought this item unlock but now the phone is asking me for sim card i put the t-Mobil sim card and it still not working so that means is not unlock i'm very disappointed about that :(

Let me start off by saying that the mytouch 3g was the first android phone I ever bought....5 years ago. It only makes sense to buy this phone now if you do not want to be able to install or use instagram, angry birds, or any other current popular applications; the phone is not capable of supporting them no matter how many updates you do. Touch response is extremely slow while texting or browsing the web, and the phone easily becomes overwhelmed if you are running more than one application at a time, causing it to repeatedly restart itself. The only feasible use for this phone is as a basic first phone for a child. I can not believe the mytouch 3g is even still being sold for over 40 dollars or that it has a 3 star average rating. If you want a phone just for call and occasional texting, stick with a cheaper number pad phone, this is pretty much the touch screen version of those.

I am tried to write but to be honest be way from these people and their times. I wasted  a lots of time and money.

It seems good, but when I've used it, I found it very slow, not as my expectation. totally very bad

The item arrived quickly & secured.My daughter loves her phone. It is alsoworking as promised, then again we are withT-Mobile so that was to be expected.

All the people I bought this for are so happy and appreciative of it. Very cute and does all the romantic and social functions that a modern phone does.

I placed an order for a t-mobile my touch phone. The item arrived and immediately there was a problem it was not 3g as advertised. I called tmobile gave them the name and serial # of phone and they informed me it was a candian phone not capable of 3g and would not work. I contacted the seller and they agreed to send me another phone. When that one arrived it worked for about a week. I then started having problems with it working on 3g again. It would come and go. I again took the phone into tmobile only to be told again it was not really 3g capable and would eventually stop working on that network all together. I then contacted the seller once more. This time the customer service rep was not so nice. He basically told me I was just trying to get a free phone. I assure you I have no problem paying for a phone but I want what I pay for. He then said I could send back the phone and once received they would issue me a credit. He was not willing to pay for the retuen shipping as if this is my fault and I should pay? He also said I had to have the original box. It had been over a month and I no longer had the box. This has to be one of the worst companys to buy from. I urge everyone to shop elsewhere. The products are not what they seem to be on line.

I usually don't do reviews but this phone is crap first back case was cracked ....constantly restarts by itself.... Runs really slow ..freezes ....forcecloses ...gave to my son cause phone was to slow and to top it off it froze today and when it came on screen is black!!!! WHAT WARRANTY!

I received the phone. First thing I tried was to put ATT sim card in it. There is only option to make emergency calls. I checked with T-Mobile store and they confirmed that the phone is permanently locked with the network and there is no way to unlock it. I am sending back the phone for full refund. Do not buy it unless you plan to uses it with Tmobile only.

I am not satisfied with this product, the battery last 3 hours max, on the battery someone duck taped it meaning its from china or something, when I plug it into charger I CANNOt unlock the phone. I had this same phone 2 years ago, I had non of these problems. AS a customer I AM 99% not satisfied with my purchase. I thought this would be authentic cell phone but doesn't seem like it, I regret purchasing this phone because it sucks, I had to buy new battery for it after I paid 110$.

This is the worse phone that I have ever had. Battery doens't last no more than 30 minutes talk. Froze all the time.Very slow, If you are in a hurry to make a call things can happen to you. Please don't buy this phone

I purchased this item last year and it worked for about one month.  It will not connect to the bluetooth in the car and it cuts off when talking.  The touch screen will not move and when you touch an app it will not open.  This is one of the worse cells that I have ever had.  It was easy to understand and I did like it alot until the problems started,  but certainly not worth the money.  I will not purchase another HTC product.

Bought from seller "Xingdong"..very accurately describe the item..arrive quickly,well pack.My husband is having same unit over a 9 month and for me this one near 4 month.No issue or problem..Just simple..what I wanted.. :)

its not even a mytouch slide . wrong buttons etc ....must be a CHINEASE JUNK CLONEdo not buy thid

I love my new phone! how can you tell if it's unlocked? I'm using T-mobile anyways. The only thing that didn't come with the phone was the user's manual. I was hoping it came with it but it didn't. But other than that I LOVE my new phone. Been wanting a MyTouch for awhile but i didn't want to renew my contract so i went to amazon and found it for a good deal. I have no problem with it. It's just setting up my email address is the problem. it won't take my email address.. wish there was a way i could get my email into my phone..that's the only thing that sucks that i can't put my email into my phone.. But i still LOVE it and won't change it.. Just enjoying my new phone!! Thank you Amazon for having this phone up for sale without a contract..

I have always had very basic phones since I am not a big fan of electronics, however, I can now see the appeal.  I have had my htc mytouch 3g for a couple of days and love it.  It was brand new in the original box and I believe it came with everything but the extended battery, user manual and did not have a sd card.  I had to go get the sd card and paid 30.00 for a 16gb.  The screen is small but as a first time user and a person who does not use the internet very often or for work this is a very good starter phone and well worth the money I paid for it or better yet not paid for in a newer model.  One other thing to mention my local T-Mobile shop guys were impressed with the packaging and overall value of the phone and what I paid for it but did mention it is an older model.

I bought this cell phone in March 2012, because my previous T-Mobile Nokia Prepaid phone is dead, and I don't want to buy another cheap pre-paid phone. I have changed my cell phone contract to pre-paid service, and my AT&T; landline to Ooma VOIP for 2 years already, which saved me a lot of money! Since I have to spend money to buy a cell phone, it has to be some kind of smart phone, not the cheap pre-paid phone. That's how I found this HTC my Touch 3G with a good price.I want the cell phone with micro SD card slot, so that I could add more memory space if necessary. This is the function most cell phone companies are not offering, especially for Apple products. You have to pay extra money for a little bit more memory, which is ridiculous to me.Another factor draws my attention is the ability to replace the battery. Nowadays a lot of cell phone companies simply seal everything, which prevents you from opening the cell phone. If battery dies, you need to send it back to technicians or buy a new one. I don't really know the philosophy behind it, but I honestly do not appreciate this kind of marketing trend at all.  This is the reason why I buy this HTC my Touch 3G. It has everything I need.After I have received the cell phone, I immediately found out that I need a data plan to activate the cell phone, which is a big headache for me, as I did not buy the data plan. I just have the simple 1000 minutes prepaid plan. Eventually I have to borrow my friend's SIM card with data plan to activate the phone. After the activation is completed, the cell phone works just fine without any problem.Later on I found out HTC is releasing the Android 2.2 upgrade for this cell phone. I was trying every way to download the firmware without any success. The cell phone is not recognized by my computer at all. Finally I contacted the HTC customer service asking for help. They operated my computer remotely with my approval and to my surprise; they helped me upgrade my firmware through the web in 30 minutes. I should have called them long time ago.I'd like to give it 5 stars, but I could only rate it 4 stars. It might not be HTC's fault. I think it probably is Google and T-Mobile's policy to lock this cell phone to Google Gmail account and the T-Mobile data plan. Another marketing strategy to guide the consumer to spend more money I guess, which made this unlocked phone locked in some way. So I could only give it 4 stars.This phone is good. I find no complain about it. You can go online without data plan if you have Wi-Fi spot . You can add memory, replace the battery, take the camera shot, etc. If you are not the one who is following the fashion trend of i-Everything, or addicted of texting all day long, I personally believe this cell phone would serve you years well without any problem. Just one reminder, it might save you a lot of trouble and headache, I learned it a hard way: Call HTC customer service as early as possible to upgrade the firmware. They are nice and will upgrade you "locked" unlocked phone to a new truly unlocked HTC my touch 3G!

For such a low price I wasn't expecting much, but much to my surprise this HTC phone turned outto be a pleasant surprise.

Solo recibi un solo item el samsung behol, el otro htc my touch no , por favor ayudenme con esto

The chargers sent with my purchase of 3G HTC phone were not the right one. Who ever packed and shipped this product put the chargers for 4G HTC which were not even original chargers, both home and car chargers.

I just receive this phone. It's not new, refurbished, and what is worse, I can not start the phone nor can charge the phone. I am returning it to Amazon now. Can not believe amazon sell such rubbish.

Great device for the price, I bought it to send it overseas. it came unlocked as stated, they've been using the phone for a while now and reported no problems whatsoever, it might not be able to do all the wonders that current smart phones do these days but it does the job, if you want a phone just to do the basic like calling, texting and regular browsing go for this one, for 120 bucks you can't go wrong

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE 2 WEEKS AGO. THE ONLY OR BIG ISSUE IS THE BATTERY IS DEFECTIVE , IT DOESN'T EVEN LAST 6 HOURS EVEN THOUGH I DON'T TALK OR PLAY MUSIC. I DON'T KNOW IF THE SELLER CHANGE THE BATTERY AND GIVE ME AN OLD ONE. OTHER THAN THAT THAT'S A VERY GOOD PHONE

100% satisfied.  just slid in my sd card and sim, works like the one I replaced. coudnt be happier! I will add that I already had t-mobile service with a data plan.

PRIOR TO THIS, I HAD A MYTOUCH 4G... HUGE DIFFERENCE. THIS PHONE WAS BOUGHT WITH THE INTENT OF GETTING A BETTER PHONE... IT DOES THE PRIMARY FUNCTIONS WELL; HOWEVER, IT DOESN'T DO WHAT I WOULD LIKE IT TO... ALOT OF FORCE CLOSES AND UNINTENTIONAL REBOOTING... IF YOU NEED A QUICK REPLACEMENT, GET IT... IF YOU CAN AFFORD BETTER, LEAVE IT ALONE...

The phone works very well all I had to do was pop in my sims card and off I went. The battery life could be better but over all I like the phone.

Bought it for my son and he liked it so much that I bought it for my other son.  The price is reasonable and is a reliable phone.

The phone arrived quickly and had all paperwork and accessories as expected.  My son has been very happy with the phone and there have not been any problems with any of the features.

The phone was easy to program. I had Tmobile service so I wasn't worried about it being unlocked. good quality. Came with a screen protector so I would recommend not buying one along with it.

I bought this phone refurbished for my fiancee and a few days after receiving it, she informed me that the phone had wasn't charging, we bought new chargers and a new battery for the phone and the phone still wasn't charging. She even had a cell repair shop take a look at it and they said that there was no way they could fix it. I pretty much got scammed out of my money for a phone that was already broken. I wouldn't recommend this item to anyone.

I couldn't activate the phone, becasuse it was locked. The product look ok, but I COULD NOT USE it. The message could be a lie.

I picked up this phone for my upcoming travels to Asia & Europe. I was a bit skeptical after reading all the poor reviews saying the phone was locked but decided to try it out due to the low price and the Amazon Prime quick shipping. I got the phone delivered earlier than anticipated (Saturday evening) and after opening the smiley face box, found a plain unmarked white box with a label on the underside with the UPC and IMEI information. The inside of the box held the phone itself, along with a charger, cord, ear buds, and a quick start guide. There were two pieces of loose papers which contained (1) return information and (2) wireless settings to connect to the Cingular/AT&T; network. There wasn't a Users Guide and I couldn't figure out why the phone wasn't charging after I attached the cable and plugged it into the wall socket. I managed to locate the users guide online and after removing the back cover, I found a plastic lining around the battery, along with the SIM and SD card slots. I inserted a SIM card that I got from the local electronics store (activated so I got a new cell phone number), and removed the plastic lining from the battery & put the phone back together.After that, the phone was charging fine. There's a bright green MyTouch 3G screen that appears upon powering up, followed by the Android logo. So far, so good. When you get to the main screen, there's a quick tutorial on how to use the phone, which you can skip, followed by either creating a Google account or activating the Google account you already have (I chose the latter). Unfortunately, while I could get the phone to recognize the SIM card, it wasn't provisioned as a SIM that had any data service on it. So I went back to my local electronics store and picked up a pre-paid monthly talk/text/data plan (+$50). It took some time to get the plan activated (non-related to the phone or Amazon, just the provider service) but once the unlimited talk/text/data plan was linked to my SIM card and phone, and I changed the internet settings (WAP/MMS details), things were running perfectly.The MyTouch 3G makes calls, sends texts, takes pictures, and allows me to go online (Wifi). So far, my only complaint is that the touch screen is a bit non-responsive; you have to press a bit firmer some times for the phone to recognize you're tapping, especially text. The keypad is also a bit smaller compared to other phones with a full QWERTY and I found the typing a bit cramped (& I have small hands).  Finally: without the users manual, it's a bit difficult to recognize the various icons popping up at the top of the screen when I was initially using the phone to download apps and such. But maybe that's just a personal idiosyncrasy (though the 'connected to a Wi-Fi network' is an important one).All-in-all, the phone is working great so far state-side on a non-major teleco plan and I hope it does as well with foreign GSM networks in Europe & Asia.

Thank you, the phone is nice but there is a short in it and it restarts itself without warning often. I just ended up buying an iPhone at the store anyway.

My review is of the ACTUAL MyTouch 3G Phone itself, not the transaction details.This is by far the worst phone I have owned.I have used this phone for over 2 years on the T-Mobile Service, am a soon to be former decade+ long customer. I Replaced this MyTouch 3G Phone 3 times for various failures. I won't go into details about the T-Mobile service and dealing with their customer service regarding this phone in particular. Let's just say my contract is 1 month from being up and I am leaving T-Mobile forever.First of all the 100mb of actual phone memory is ridiculous. You can only install about 10 apps at any given time.  Irregardless of the size of your memory card inserted into the phone (I have an 8GB mini SD card installed).  Yes you can move your apps to your SD Card However if you want to actually use them, they must be moved to your phone's memory. It's extremely easy to overload your phone's memory with apps as most average apps are between 3-10mbs.  In fact the MyTouch 3G comes pre-installed with google Maps which takes up just over 10mbs only by itself.Secondly, when using any streaming apps (Pandora, Netflix, etc.) the phone heats up EXTREMELY FAST (in a matter of minutes) and stays hot throughout use.  Which brings me to my next point.When streaming, if you receive any type of notifications (email, text, phonecall, etc.) the program(s) you are using crash due to the limited processing speed. You will then need to restart the app and occasionally restart/reboot the phone due to the app freezing up. Needless to say this phone has an EXTREMELY difficult time mutlitasking programs. The processing speed makes the netflix app absolutely completely unwatchable as the video and audio are several minutes apart.Physically - when dropped (from waist level) the phone separates into pieces. The backplate is thrown from the device and the battery is ejected.  Luckily the only saving feature is that this phone tends to keep the mini SD card in its slot. (The G1/G2 when dropped would literally eject the mini SD card.  If the G1/G2 phone were dropped at night in a parking lot you might have to return and hope your Mini SD card was still in the parking lot).Back to my review, the sliding function of the phone is precarious at best 1 of my 3 phones, the spring broke and the face would no longer slide/lock back and forth.  The glass on the face of the phone is extremely fragile. The second MyTouch 3G, when dropped the glass cracked in a spiderweb fashion with only the plastic screen cover keeping the glass pieces together. The keyboard backlight function is intermittent, often going dark in the middle of typing a text message, this is a complete malfunction especially in a darkened exterior.  The fragility of the keyboard itself is also a detracting point as several keys stopped working.Lastly the battery life of this phone is one of the worst I have experienced with an android device. At best the battery life is about 10 hrs (of Non-Phone use).  If the phone is in constant use, the battery life drops to about 3-4 hours maximum. If streaming battery life is closer to 1/2 to 1hr maximum.I am currently using my 3rd MyTouch Device. The coverage service, the customer service, and the phone in general are an overall headache. I would Never recommend this phone to anyone, Ever. I will be excited to be rid of this brick!Incidentally when confronted with these problems, T-Mobile customer service ENTIRE response and or resolution to these problems are "I'm Sorry".

I bought this phone for my daughter, she love this phone with passion. Great phone, will recommend it to friends.

its a t-mobile phone... but i have t mobile anyways!! and it works wonders for me!!honestly for the price this phone rocks!!!!!!! xoxo

THE PHONE WAS AN INEXPENSIVE UNLOCKED ATT/T MOBIL CELL BUT DID NOT WORK WITH MY ATT MICROCELL TOWER  SO IT WAS WORTHLESS TO ME 90% OF THE TIME

I enjoyed the phone. It was a great and easy to used. I think it was the best phone that I got at Amazon.

I bouhgt this 'unlocked' phone to be used with AT&T.; I know AT&T; insists data plan for smart phones, which I don't need, since I have wifi most of the time. But I also know AT&T; closes an eye on non-AT&T; smart phones. I'm very happy with the phone, except for a few problems that I encountered:1. The vendor did not disclose a crack on the back cover, and that the phone was actually locked to T-Mobile.2. The phone came with old firmware, probably Android 1.5, I couldn't tell, since I couldn't get pass the google log in (requires network data connection, no Wifi). This first generation firmware only works for people who have T-Mobile account with data plan.3. I went to a T-Mobile store and signed up for T-Mobile prepaid plan, got a new T-Mobile SIM card. But still no network connection. The T-Mobile store wouldn't refund me the $25 cash that I handed to them 10 mins before, although the contract says I can cancel it the first 2 weeks. I did borrow 2 separate T-Mobile SIM cards from them to try out, and no connection. 0 bars (APN info was programmed correctly). They told me to get another phone. At this point I thought the phone is defective, and I probably can only use it as a WiFi device.4. Then came a breakthrough. I downloaded Android 2.2.1 firmware to the flash card and reflashed the phone. This is a generic version without T-Mobile customization, and I can skip Google log in. Phone is up and running, connecting to T-Mobile. I did try almost every firmware that I could find on the internet. The phone rejected most of them for bad signature (probably T-Mobile specific signature), and some downloaded firmware are corrupted (too short). So if the file is smaller then 50MB, it is corrupted.5. T-Mobile wouldn't SIM-unlock it unless I wait 40 days and prove that I paid retail price for the phone. Eventually I paid $15 for a company that specializes in unlocking HTC phones to provide the unlock code (another company that can unlock everything couldn't unlock it. I'm waiting for a refund). Anyway, I now have it running with AT&T.;Although this is a first generation Android phone, it works well with Android 2.2, very responsive. Sound quality is better than my Aria.

It is not an original because the touch screen is not as responsive and the phone freezes up a lot but I guess I got what I paid for. It still functions!

I actually booght this product for a friend who loves it to death. She still thanks me daily for it. she just can't be happy or satisfied enough with it. It is just amazing for her.

It's a great one that I have owned it over 5 months.  no problem at all, easy-use in daily operation.

i got this fon and all it says is to set it for Tmobile. i tot i ordered unlocked fon. it peased me off so i gave it out.the dealer couldnt tell me if it had wi-fi hot spot.

I received the phone in a very timely manner. There were a few glitches in the actual phone. I contacted Noble Planet, and they have been very helpful in resolving the issue. They have let me do an even trade for another phone. They let me know what different options I had, and they asked me very specific questions about what type of phone I was in need of to replace the myTouch. My daughter had even thrown away the return label and other information, and Noble Planet said they would reimburse me the cost of mailing the phone back.  They have been wonderful to work with, and I would recommend them to anyone!

Phone worked fine just decided wanted a different one so returned this one.  I didn't want to be required to have a data plan.  This phone requires a data plan to even open the phone.

Let me start off by saying I've been a computer technician for 13 years and I was super reluctant to get a smart phone. For several reasons I abandoned by LG Rumor 2 and got this My Touch 3G. I have the unlocked version in use with Simple Mobile unlimited plan.I was disappointed that it doesn't have a memo pad to quickly jot down random notes. I'm sure there's an app for that but it should be standard. I've had the phone 3 days and I've already experienced a "freeze". In the middle of an important call, it just dropped the call and froze. I had to pull the battery out to reboot it as all the buttons were unresponsive. The call quality is not great at all. I have not loaded any apps or installed anything this experience is straight out of the box.I only wonder what's next!

It took forever for the phone to come and when it did it wouldn't even charge or turn on. I was sketchy about ordering it in the first place but decided to anyways only because I am in desperate need of a new phone. Next time follow my first mind!Ugh!

I have a question?? did I purchase e new,or a refurbished. My touch??....the touch screen sometimes doesn't wk.it has kicked me out  thw net lots of times..unsatisfied,but dont have money to buy another...thanks!!..L.A.

Came as delivered on time, and I love it..great Job..

It's a awesome phone if you have Internet service and you are a younger person to understand it all...was to complicated for me to learn plus it came with a tiny tiny little instruction page with hardly any information and the lettering was so small you had to use a magnifier.

The phone was not at all how it was described in the description.  The operating system is not what was in the decription.  The phone was significantly older and the shipping took forever!! 12 days!

this phone is not even good enough for your worst enemy.  I got 2 different models when I bought these; an international model and a tmobile model

Bought this thinking it would solve one problem but made another nothing works properly on t moble.it is now a paper weight waiting to be given to a center for we take any phone.

I am very surprised with features and build quality of this phone for that low price. To be honest I don't even see any negative points I could tell about it, except maybe lack of headphone jack in this model only adapter which I don't mind using anyway. The most important for me battery life is great. Just few phone calls but heavy wi-fi use, some GPS which I din't even turned off, gmail synchronization also turned on, some camera use and I got 3 days on one charge! I can say it's awesome comparing to my previous Windows Mobile phone which was getting barely one day. Call clarity is very good on both ends, very easy to use and integration with gmail and other internet emails is fantastic. Beautiful touch screen with brilliant colors and intuitive operation immediately reminded me iphone whichI tested some time ago but unlike an iphone you can customize a lot in this device. Anyway I liked this phone so much that I bought my wife same model but white. I have a black one, it supposed to be htc magic but Amazon messed up woth my order and they sent me black mytouch. Got the difference in price refunded of course by amazon.UPDATE: the second phone I got apparently has worse battery a little bit, with everything turned on lasts one day which is still good. Those google synchronization services takes a lot of juice so it's better to turn them off anyway.I have upgraded OTA android OS version on both from 1.6 to 2.2 Froyo and works even better now with multi-touch support.Both phones works perfectly in Europe as well BTW.

If your trying to use this phone with a different carrier, do not buy it! Ive been through hell and back trying to unlock this phone and I still havent figured it out.

This phone looks nice and is pretty easy to use but every time I used speaker phone the person on the other end said it sounded terrible.If it worked properly I would have definitely kept this phone.

This product is excellent all features are intact except for Bluetooth.  The GPS works fine, voice, apps are good, texting excellent and the voicemail good. The clarity is good on the phone but the signal sometimes goes out. The games are good as well  as the downloaded apps. A good purchase for the money!!

I bought this phone for a friend in Central America.  I gave my old one to my boyfriend and it works great for him.  I bought this phone and it has been nothing but problems.  First with unlocking it -IT IS NOT UNLOCKED--YOU WILL HAVE TO REQUEST FROM EXPANSYS THE INTERNATIONAL UNLOCK SIM CODE.After that, if you want it to take pictures, you will have spend time talking to HTC and Expansys, and frankly NEITHER COMPANY IS MUCH OF A HELP!!!It is a good little phone, but you have to do a LOT OF WORK in order to get it funcion.

I bought this phone online as an unlocked one. From the very first day, it started acting up: error messages upon glitches upon disconnecting in the middle of a conversation. I replaced with it my old buddy Blackberry. I regret I did. Even though some applications on the Blackberry didn't want to download b/c of the age of the phone (3-4 years old), this Android is just a cell phone maniac's worst nightmare. Never ever let your hand pull a credit card to buy this freak. Don't waste your money and nerves on it. It's not worth it, mildly speaking.

The phone is good for its price, but has a problem of heating up. Especially the lower half of the phone set heats up during use.

I was so intimidated to switch to a "smart phone". I thought it would take me three days to learn how to use the phone. This phone is GREAT!! In 2 hours I was on my way, texting, checking emails and making calls. Also, it is a TMobile phone and that is the service I have. You place your SIM card in and you're ready to go. The phone looks super sharp in white (don't know why that color is priced lower). To sum it up I'm a 50 y.o. old female, not super technological (my kids think I'm hopeless) and this phone is easy to learn and use!!

I said first that the cell phone is not unlocked, but i made a mistake. It is unlocked. And is a great phone. The phone is not activated. But it is easy to activate.I'm sorry Discount Wave for the firt review.Tks.

After 7 long years I finally made the upgrade to what I wanted, a Smartphone without a contract. I found the very phone with the price I was willing to pay and now I have it. I will spend some time to learn it and all the little things, but this phone is what I was looking for and has all I needed. Price, shipping , etc..

This works great.  But lacks one important feature.  Its wifi does not work for AES data encryption.  I contacted HTC and they said it is because of android 2.2 which does not recognize AES encryption.  Except for this it is a good phone.

Buyers please beware that this is an unlocked phone but still requires a SIM card with a data plan to setup.  I'm not sure why HTC required the phone to have a SIM card with a data plan to set it up but it does.  I use T-Mobile pay as you go.  I simply switched to a daily data plan, setup my phone and then promptly switched my plan back to a pay as you go.  I ended up spending a whole $2 to do this, no big deal.  However if you have AT&T the setup is a little more complicated and you need a SIM card with a data plan.  If you have a friend that has a SIM card with a data plan you can borrow it for 5 minutes and then use your own SIM card.  Once you setup the primary gmail account on the phone you can use WiFi and change the SIM card when ever you want.  I bought this phone for texting and calling and use WiFi for the data.  The phone is really cheap compared to other Android phones, I hate contracts so I always buy unlocked phones.  This is a great fit for me.  However at this price point HTC had to sacrifice a few things, one being the processing power.  It can be a little slow compared to other $500 android devices, but at being 1/4 the cost you can't really complain.  One other minor annoyance is the headphone jack.  In order to use headphones you need to use their adapter which plugs into the mini-usb port. The adapter does allows you to pause and start music without pulling it out of your pocket and using the GUI which is nice.  But this means you can't charge the device while listening to the headphones.  For the price this is a great phone.

I just purchased this product one week ago for my daughter. The phone is in great condition and is delivered on time. I purchased the phone online and didn't try it in the usa while i live in cairo - egypt cuz i was in hurry and no much time to do so , upon arrival home I discovered it's locked for T-mobile only and after exploring the internet for hours i discovered that it needs an unlock code which is minimum to cost $20 , The problem is  Upon switching on the phone, I was greeted with a very cool green Android guy. Unfortunately, I could not get to pass that screen - because the phone was unlocked while it's mentioned in the site here that it is unlocked !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Actually if i tried to go with return the phone at this point it will cost me a lot in shipping charges as i see in the response of amazon store in the other reviews.

This phone is frankly horrible. It barely will run Android 2.1 without any apps installed. It will lag out even on the homescreen. I tried using the GPS to help me along a 55 mile trip today and the damn thing constantly locked up, even crashing occasionally. If I hadn't looked at the directions on Google Maps at home beforehand, I would have likely gotten lost.If you want a smartphone that can run the Android OS, pony up the cash and get a phone that isn't dated. I am reformatting my MyTouch 3G Slide and going right back to it because even with all of the cracks and deadspots in the touchscreen, it is still by far a better phone. Truth be told, the 3G barely even functions as a phone and loses text messages all the time. Avoid this phone at all costs unless you aren't going to install ANYTHING on it.

inspite of replaing the battery i found this phone consumes lot of energy and by noon again i'll put it for charge.

IT IS A NICE PHONE,IT WAS HARD TO SET IT UP AND  IT IS TOO SLOW. STAR DRIVE ME CRAZY :(

I bought my touch htc and I am pleased with the purchase, and that the specification of Unlocked is True. i wish it came with flash player

I like this phone. Especially since TMobile were going to charge me $400+ for an android phone.. even for a "valued" customer! Only thing was phone did not come with a manual, so got it on-line. Tmobile here help me set it up- without a problem. I have issues with the keyboard since I am used to a regular keyboard for texting.The product came very quickly.. No problems

When ordering this product I was pretty skeptical about it because of it's low price. Ordered it anyway and glad I did! Package arrived EARLY with the brand new phone+ accessories inside! What a relief. Phone's been working as expected so far...no complaints. DISCLOSURE: I DO NOT work for the company I bought it from OR Amazon; I'm simply a very satisfied customer. :)

I could not believe how quick I got the phone.The only thing I did not like was the generic charger.Other than that it was good.Cindy

The phone arrived in perfect shape and worked right off the box. It is a great phone for the price, no doubt. As many customers have pointed out though, the user must have/create a Google mail account in order to be able to use the phone.

Phone does not work as well as it should. Turns on and off by itself constantly. Google play doesn't work and u can only download 3 workable games everything else force closes. Can't even get angry birds

Don't believe when they say their item is new, It my just be clean in good condition. phone was missing the antenna and two buttom screws that hold the antenna and cover. I tried to reach these people and they wont get back to me. They know what they doing. Any ways, I bought the antenna and put it myself.

I bought this phone because of the price and I'm trying to just get out of my contract with tmobile.  It doesn't do much but that's ok. I can talk on it and the alarm works that's my main concern.  Texting is awful and it turns off for no reason.  My reason for buying the phone are met but if you want to play games or text get something else.

I buy my touch htc this article, I am pleased with the purchase, and that the specification of article status was unlocked and not true, is blocked or locked.This causes me some trauma because now I can not put my sim in the phone. this problem with my cell phone can cost a lot to unlock.I'm quite unhappy with the product.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004FK3BAW/ref=oss_product

My only problem is that it seems slow at times. May it's just my plan but it takes a couple seconds to get from page to page or section to section. Otherwise, it's okay as a phone.

I purchased this product about one month ago and bought another for my wife.  The phones were delivered on time.  The ones I purchased online had no carrier logos but upon arrival I discovered T-mobile branding on them.  So I thought 'ok, no problem - it's supposed to be unlocked,' and went ahead and slipped in my sim card.  What I did not mention as yet is that I live in Trinidad and Tobago (in the Caribbean) and travel a lot, hence the purchase of an unlocked phone.  Upon switching on the phone, I was greeted with a very cool green Android guy.  Unfortunately, I could not get past that screen - because lo and behold, the phone was not unlocked (as advertised)!The only reason I did not automatically return the phones at this point (as advised by the Amazon Rep.) is because it would have been such a hassle to do so.  That's only the first part of the problem.  I then thought that I could just get the phones unlocked by those smart tech people you see in the malls all over the place...  Only to discover that I needed a data plan to even get past the first screen (mind you, this was ALSO NOT advertised).  The end result is that I ended paying about $100 each to get the phones unlocked and activated.I close by saying that the only reason this review did not get only one star is because after  the headache I endured to get them unlocked, the phones are actually great phones.  My wife loves hers and for someone who is not too interested in gadgets - she is absolutely hooked on hers.  My advice is that if you live outside the US, do NOT purchase this phone - it might be okay if you live in the US (but I can't really comment on that).

I purchased this phone for the young daughter of good friends of mine who do not live in the US.  Enjoying the amazon.com excellent service and customer service throughout the years, I sent the product to my friends the exact way it was received from amazon.com.Upon receipt of product at the country of destination, it became evident that the product was not new and the it was a T-Mobile LOCKED phone and not an HTC Unlocked Android Phone in a factory sealed box.Imagine the disappointment of a 9 year old girl receiving a REFURBISHED, LOCKED brick which cannot be used with a local SIM card.Due to the costs of shipping and the duties paid at the country of origin, returning this phone to the USA for it to be returned to amazon.com, makes no sense. This phone ended up as a paper weight.Very disappointed with amazon.com false advertising. Very untypical for amazon.com to mislead it's customers like that.

Very pleased with this purchase!  Amazon shipped quickly and the phone is excellent to use.  Super price!  My daughter got this phone so the price was important---something she could afford!  Top quality again and again!

The phone came in a plain generic white box (not HTC genuine box) which indicates that the phone is a reject (returned open box or refurbished). I made a mistake of not returning the phone within the return window. Now, just few months later, the phone freezes and does not work most of the time. I am going to throw it in the garbage and buy another phone from a different manufacturer and a different seller. The seller was dishonest in not disclosing that the phone is a reject. If you want to buy it be careful whom you buy it from!This is probably a reflection on the particulare seller I purchased the phone from and not the phone itself because I bought another identical phone from another seller (it came in original HTC box) and that phone works just fineRegarding numerous comments many other reviewers wrote that the phone is locked to Tmobile, this is not entirely true. The phone does come with the Tmobile logo on it and initially tied to TMobile, but the phone can easily be switched to another GSM carrier: You can adjust the settings (there are instructions on how to do it including a videa posted online) or (much easier) you can initiate a connection to Google gmail account through TMobile. After this initial call, the phone becomes totally unlocked. If you are not currently a TMObile customer, you can probably borrow a TMobile SIM card from a friend for few minutes to initiate the first call, and then return the SIM card.In Summary, the phone is fine if you buy it from an honest seller who will send you a brand new phone in its original HTC packaging and not a reject in a generic white unmarked box!

It's good phone it's big and nice but it was really complicated at the beggining. You must ACTIVATE ONLY with T-Mobile american sim card which is activate internet. But Only T-mobile american. Then you have an old android operative system. If you want the new and good aplications you slould use the new android which the phone will ask u about that. And the biggest problem is the slow telephone ever. But also if you buy from the store all over the world is same. You have programs from the market app and you can download. Also the phone has not micro SD card.

Every felt like taking your phone and running over it with you car several times.  Nothing about this phone works. I have used it for 6 months and tried everything to somewhat like it.  If you more than a talk on the phone user, don't bother with this phone.

I purchased this phone for use on my Europe trip. Of all the phones I considered, this one was the overall best value for occasional travel use. The phone was unlocked as advertised but you must keep in mind that most mobile companies do require a data plan for smartphones. Also, to use the data capabilities you need to adjust the APN settings for the service provider. You can try to find these settings online or there are apps in the android market that will help with this.I recommend borrowing a friend's AT&T; or other non-T-mobile SIM card to get past the initial startup screens.  You can then use the phones wifi abilities to access the android market and load any apps you want (at least APN tweaker-free app) so you are not wasting vacation time doing this after you buy your prepaid SIM. Also, the phone will want to update to Android 2.2.1 which can be done via wifi as well.For the phone itself, the processor is slow especially after the update to 2.2.1 but this was expected being an older phone and a big reason why you can get this unlocked phone so cheap without a contract.  You could refuse the update if you are concerned with this but you would not be able to use stared locations in you goggle maps account.Overall if this is for use on a one time or for occasional trips, buy this phone. If you travel internationally frequently, invest in a faster processor.

Cost vs performance is excellent. Feature-set far beyond the needs of the young lady who received this device as a present.
