
Bought for my son to replace his old flip phone.  Very inexpensive while providing him with a full keyboard making texting a little easier.

This was a great phone for those that do not text alot.  But for those that text alot, you can only text 160 words per text. Very limited. The battery does not hold a charge for long and there are digital/computer sounding ringtones.  I will be swithing back to the old net 10.

I am enjoying this phone, took me a long time to get one more updated.  I can get on the internet now and take pictures.  However, I do not see any &#34;call waiting&#34; with this phone and that is a disappointment.  Other than that, it is a great phone for a great price!

Love net 10 phone. No contract,easy to text, and works in the middle of nowhere with no phone tower close by

I originally purchased this phone because of the price.  I am very impressed with the quality of the phone.  The battery life is about 6 days with limited use. When I read other reviews I saw that there was no speakerphone function. Not true. There is a speakerphone button above the send button.  Also, text messages are 1.00 minute for outgoing and receiving.  Buttons are small but easy to get used to.  The only drawback about the actual phone is that you cannot customize any of the shortcut buttons.  (also has poor camera quality and No video function)  Great bang for your buck

Well I would give you a review of this phone.. had Net10 included the battery, but they didn't so I will give Net10 a rating of 1 star for providing not just providing incompetent service, but not being able to package a product properly as well. The blister packed worked perfectly by the way.

This phone is great!  I just need a phone, I don't want to surf the web or use it as a PDA.  I just need a phone!  This one has reception where none of the others in the past ever did!

I bought this phone for my seven year old. She loves it. It was perfect for here, the price was GREAT and it arrive on time!! great work!!

It's a good basic phone. It dont have a lot of bells and whistles because its not a smartphone. It does run on Verizon and I have never had a droped call. If you just want a basic phone or a &#34;cheap&#34; phone until you get a new smartphone (like I did) its perfect!

a very capable cell phone with enough bells and whistles to keep your teenage daughters from disowning you.No data;)

I LIKE IT !  It works well, however the keyboard is a little small and difficult to use.  Other than that it's fine.

I am so glad that I found this phone.  I am gladly ditching my LG800G phone in favor of this one.  The main selling poing for me was the keyboard.  No more texting from a touchscreen, which, let me tell you, is tedious.  I love the way the Samsung's mp3 is set up.  The microSD card has its own slot under the back cover and the phone accepts cards up to 16GB.  The 800G only accepted up to 4GB.  I can just about carry my entire mp3 catalog around on this little phone.  Plus, I can set up any song on my mp3 as my ringtone or message alert.  My old phone would not let me do this.  Did I mention the price?  $10.  That's it.  It blows my mind that the phone is so inexpensive and yet does SO much.  My only quibble?  Can't watch Netflix.  Guess I'll have to buy a Kindle Fire.  I cannot be more satisfied.

The problem with this phone is the fact that I had it activated for two weeks before they shut it down stating that they would not allow this phone to be activated on their system. They wouldn't tell me why it was deactivated, but the assumption is that it was either stolen or a counterfeit.

Definitely believe I hit the jackpot when I found this phone. Beforehand, I owned the Motorola flip phone, under Net10. Paid $30 for that, it was great as a starter for my first cell phone, paid for by myself. When my mom was paying my bill, I had the LG900G and it was great, loved the feel, the keyboard, all the little gadgets; absolutely awesome.I decided to shop around for an upgrade, something a little more my speed than a flip phone. After seeing this phone, I read all the reviews because I wanted to make sure I was getting the bang for my buck, even if it was only $10 ($16 & change because of shipping) and I decided that between this and the Net10 with the slide up keyboard, that this phone was the better deal.I've had it for two days now, transferring my number took five minutes online and then another 10-15 minutes with the phone physically. Quick, easy, and done in less than a half hour. I love the feel of the keys (I have tiny hands, so it works well with me) and it can do a lot for the price.Bought a case too, which should arrive to my house today, which I also paid $10 ($5 for the case, $4.95 shipping.) In total, I bought a brand new phone and a brand new case for $26.91, under the price I paid for the flip phone without a case ($30) and I'm very satisfied so far.I'll update if anything changes, but so far, it fits all of my needs.

Used primarily for phone and text service works as expected.  Internet use is not viable.  Tried to access google and used 10 minutes before I was able to much.  Great price and is what was expected.  Replaced lost phone that had same features.  Would buy again if I wanted this type of phone.

i really liked the phone i had already had a similar one before so i really liked so decided to get another one... its really good and better was the price... i would recommend it..

The battery was dead out of the box.  The phone only worked when I kept the power cable plugged in.  I returned it.

I bought this phone so I could answer text messages from my kids, grandkids and brothers without taking 3 minutes to text 3 words. At first I was a little concerned about the small buttons but I got used to them very quickly. I get much better reception than my old phone. I don't have to stop in my tracks when I'm in the store and my wife calls me to add to our grocery list. It did take almost the full 72 hours for Net10 to transfer my old phone number and minutes, but it was well worth the wait.

You will never want to surf the web on this, but it has a really loud ring tone which I love because I keep it in my purse or the kitchen when I'm home.  ***Keyboard is small, but ok for me.  The C is for CDMA  -Verizon service for me.  That may depend on the zip code that you activate the phone in.  This phone is small and actually takes half decent pix, though I would never use it for trying to do anything with them other that looking at them on the phone itself.  I mainly use them for backgrounds on the phone.  Call quality is great.  I love the querty keyboard.  I would never have a touch screen only keyboard.  -That's just me.  Bluetooth works great with my Mazda, I never have to touch the phone to make/receive calls.Tip, you have to keep it locked, which you can do manually by holding the space key or set autolock.  Otherwise, the internet key can very easily get pressed and eat up your minutes.  I would like a way to disable that key!

....because I was unable to activate it. When I called NET10 about it and stayed on the line with 3 different customer service departments for 30 minutes, I was told that this phone had already been activated. It was activated last month in California (1500 miles away) and already had a telephone number assigned to it. So, this seller obviously sold me a previously activated phone, and wasted my time, since no one could help me activate it. Since it was only $10, it isn't worth the time or gas to take it back to the UPS store. So, into the garbage it goes. (Nice little charger though. I will keep that part)

Need a cell phone in a pinch? This is a great phone for the money. I used it for three months and I gave it to my aunt and she is now using it. It is very affordable and works great.

Like the phone, good size and I like the structure of the Querty Keyboard. It's a rather light phone so it doesn't take up too much space in your pocket. I like the USB MASS storage feature on it as we'll so it works as a flash drive.

big mistake buying this phone. works very well for CDMA areas but for my area just caused me nothing but trouble. had to go so far and report NET10 to the BBB and the FCC. phone was very good if it worked for me.

I'm putting this review only because I never received it, but that's only because I had a change of address at the time. If you were going to order this phone, you probably should because I read the reviews and they seem good.

Mad when I got the phone and opened it I brought the same phone last year at christmas from radio shack on line it cost me$10 end of getting two. I could have gotten two for the price of one. Its still in the box!!

Good "slightly more than just basic" phone. Has good ringer volume, call quality and signal strength. Works off verizon as it is a CDMA. I don't take pics but this phone has a pretty decent camera. The mp3 player is above average sound quality. 3.5 headphone jack. Easy to lock keyboard by pressing space bar. Only thing I would change is the keys are a bit small but you get used to them. All in all, if you don't want to pay 80 or 90 bucks for a "supposedly" better phone with these features, this is the phone for you. I like it a lot. Have 2 of them. One for straight talk and the other for net 10. One more thing, this phone has the most economical texting plan, it's only 0.25 min per text. Other phones it's 0.50. For me that was a big selling point.For your interest: it was hard for me to pair the samsung r355c by bluetooth to transfer contacts. First the passkey for bluetooth was 00000 then it switched to 11111. It was very fustrating to figure out so hope this avoids this for the next customer.

A great phone at a great price! where else but amazon could you find a phone that has basic features as well as a mini keyboard at the price that it was offered for. It quality is great, and I haven't had any dropped calls since I've gotten this phone and with taking the net10 $25 prepaid card, 750 is more than enough for someone to use in 30 days, unless you get on the phone stay on forever. Keep up the great work Amazon. Amazon is Amazing!

This Cell is perfect for everyday use! Has a BIG Screen on it & Works really Well! I would recomend this cell 2 anyone looking for something with a FULL KEYBOARD and decent Style at a low price!!

received phone early..fast delivery...nice phone..even though its an older model stores still carry this model..kmart sells it for $99 .. i will be buying another for myself..this one was for my son..thanks amazon

I love this phone. It's easy to use. The only thing I do not like about it is it can easily go into the browser and burn away minutes if you aren't very very careful. But that's all I do not like about it.

Can t  beat price ! Verizon , Net 10 hook up on line simple and fast with out talking to someone

I ordered this phone for Christmas because I wanted a camera phone that I could use with bluetooth and store music on.Texting on this is easy and that was a plus.The letters are small but I am far sighted so I have no problem with them.I am enjoying this purchase and like that I have a no contract phone with everything I want.Browsing the web is also an option but I'm not sure Ill use it.

i have only had this net ten phone for two months and it freezes up and does not load properly for photos,i'am how ever giving it a two star rating  it is only good as a back up phone for making and recieving calls in case of emergency if you can get reception,

OMG, I paid $19.99 for this phone at Radio Shack and I thought it was a killer deal.  This phone is on sale here at Amazon at the amazing low price of $9.99!!!  I like this phone because it boots up fairly fast.  I do have problems with certain large headphones having difficulties inserting the headphone jack into the phone.

If you want just talk n text on verizon consider this phone.  Excellent reception, easy to use keyboard even for my large fingers.  Phone has issues of staying silent when going in and out of vibrate mode.  I had to reboot a couple times to get the texting sounds back but I don't use silent mode that much.I'd like to say a special thanks to the Shopcelldeals store.  I had my phone for almost a month before I opened it.  When I did, the battery enclosed inside the packaging was the wrong one!  I have had dozens of prepaid phones over the years and never witnessed this before!  The battery was about an 1/8 inch too wide.  I contacted Shopcelldeals via Amazon and they sent out a correct battery right away, no questions asked.  Thank you Shopcelldeals!

I just started using it but, I haven't noticed any problems. It seems to work well. No Complaints as of yet, but i will let you know if there is.

Great phone for the price and for the basics!! Small keys not good for those with big fingers who text! Good emergency phone for Grammy that's what I got it for and it's suits her purposes!:)

I ordered this phone as a replacement for another Net 10 phone, which had been giving me trouble for ages. Oh, what I would give to have that phone back!My main complaint about this phone is that whoever designed it didn't give too much thought to usability/ease of use. In the Web design world, there is a general rule that a user should never have to click more than twice to get to any page on a site. The developer of this phone certainly did not have that rule in mind. I may be missing it, but I have not been able to find a speaker function on this phone. That means I can't drive while using it (no Bluetooth feature either) and I can't use the speaker when I am typing and making business calls. The phone often has to be reset because the clock stops or the date is wrong.The keyboard is also kind of weird. I thought you could use the shift button to switch from letters to numbers, but you can't. You have to click 123/sym, write out the number, and then go back to Abc/abc to write the rest of a message. This is a pain in the butt if you are trying to write several numbers in a message, as you have to keep switching between 123/sym and Abc/abc. All in all, this is not a good phone.

Ive owned this phone a little over a month now and for the most part do not regret buying it at current price, $9. However it Is not without A few aggravating features. The keyboard is small, as others have mentioned, so if you have large fingers it might not suit you. Also, there is now way of deactivating the browser that I am aware of and believe me I've looked for one. The browser is a one button push, and the only defense from doing this is to lock the keyboard by holding down the space button, which I forget to do sometimes. I just learned you can set the phone to lock the keyboard after a time of inactivity, in case you forget to lock it like I do.I was skeptical that this phone only charged you .25 minutes a text that another reviewer mentioned but sure enough it does, although I just noticed it also charges you 1 minute a call whether the person you are calling answers or not, which to the best of my knowledge doesn't happen with other net 10 phones.The mp3 player is a nice feature and can use up to 16 GB of ...which is quite a lot of music.Can't comment too much about the camera save for the fact you cannot zoom in after you snap a photo.Speaker is on par with other cheap phones.I would suggest this phone to anyone who has small fingers that likes to text, additionally they have a very similar phone at Kroger grocery store at the moment if you want to get an idea of the keyboard size. It is a Samsung with slightly different Model numbers. ThE 355c has a very slightly smaller keyboard than the one at Kroger.

It looks like a Blackberry, but isn't a smart phone. It does not have the ability to use apps except for those limited few that come with it, but at least it looks more modern than other basic phones. The browser is slow, but you can get your email and Facebook in due time, so it's good in a pinch. Call quality is as good as the Verizon system this phone uses, so if Verizon is good in your area, this phone is as good as it gets for call quality. Test messaging is as good as any smart phone. It has an Mp3 player with playlists, and it will connect to any Bluetooth device to play music in your car or through a Bluetooth speaker. There is no Wi-Fi. I like the real keyboard as opposed to the touch keyboards of other phones. I like the real buttons as opposed to the touch screen, so for me, this works well for my needs. It won't satisfy those users who need the latest and greatest high speed internet while on the go.

The phone was new, shipped fast and was exaclty what I though it would be. I really love the phone and it has been working great for me.

I was looking for an inexpensive phone (which this was), but the keys are way too small.  Perhaps the awkward feel was the reason for the low price!!

a real good price for these phone`s i  look one the website i don`t have the $$$$$$$ to get one straight through them and then i found this one i already order my wife one so i figure i would get one

This is a great cheap Net10 phone.  I lost my regular phone and needed something to get me by temporarily and this phone has been great so far.  It is by no means anything like a smartphone but for basic calling and texting it is great.For anyone that may be confused you do not need to buy a sim card for this phone.  It doesn't take one and you can activate it on Net10 without one.

In an effort to better control monthly expenses, I switched to this net 10 phone.  I have had two android based phones (2.2 and 2.3) and a couple of blackberries.  This phone had great battery life and very good reception.  It is very light and has a type of plastic on the sides that will prevent it from easily slipping out of your hand.  The MP3 player is nice, but I haven't found any equalizer settings...the sound is still good though.  It isn't a smart phone, but is is a great little text phone.  The browser works for basic things, like a quick email check.  The camera is fine for quick snap shots and seems to do pretty well in average indoor lighting.  If you live in a CDMA area with limited GSM service like I do, and you want to go the Net10 route, this is a good phone, especially for the price!  There is a newer version of this phone available for Straight Talk (R375c) that has better screen resolution and better web browser capabilities, but I haven't seen it available for Net10. For now, this phone is just fine.

Works well for me.  I won't pay alot per month for all the bells and whistles.  This phone will text, and get internet, and my plan is $25 a month.  It is not a smart phone/android, but it does the job, and I am not paying $50-$100 per month for a toy.

Excellent phone. Plenty of features for the price. Went from a LG 620G prepaid to this and I am more than satisfied with my purchase. I recommend this phone for someone searching for an inexpensive phone with some pretty good features - bluetooth connectivity, qwerty keyboard (no more triple tapping), caller id, headphone port, micro sd slot, speakerphone and plenty more. Yet again an excellent phone for the price (currently $10).

Brand new for $10. You can't go wrong. Phone works as it is supposed to. Charger included. Did I mention it was only $10?

Liked the phone. Works well. Numbers and letters are really small though but other than that, works well. Overall, liked this purchase.

This was my 3rd time purchasing this phone in the last few years.Crystal clear and easy to use.Very affordable and best of all.............only $25.00 a month!Great value!

Battery lasts for days, easy texting, buttons a little small but works for me. This is the best deal out there.

I have been using the SamSung R355C Net10 Unlimited for several years. I am still using my original phone after 4 years and have purchased several for friends who needed good reliable phones and they are still using theirs. I don't talk a lot so I use the 60 day unlimited carry over plan while several friends go for for the unlimited plans. Net 10 offers a variety of plans to suit most needs. The phone is reliable and Net10 on the Verizon network is reliable also with very good coverage. I recommended this phone to anyone who wants a basic phone with occasional data usage.

After recently becoming one of America's newest smartphone customers, I was going to pass my pristine Samsung A797 Flight Red At&t; Qwerty Keyboard Touch Screen 3g Gps Cell Phone to my youngest daughter until I saw this phone listed on Amazon.com.First off, the deal is crazy.  Less than 25 dollars for this phone!Secondly, I like Net10, because you can switch their calling plans hassle-free!  I can easily tailor my daughter's plan to her actual cell phone usage!Add a cute "blinged-out" phone caseSamsung R355c Blue Circle Silver Jewel Bling Dazzle Diamonds Protector Straight Talk Net 10 HardCase Cover Skin NET 10 Straight Talkand a phone charm, and she is in business!Did I mention the insane price, and that the phone arrived BRAND NEW, unopened, still in the box?It doesn't support Opera, but I was able to bookmark Google Mobile, which automatically gives her Google Maps (of course, she isn't going to need that yet, but it's nice to have, LOL).The phone also has a surprisingly decent mp3 player (you can upload music to it using a data cable), camera (no video, but your pics can be customized!), expandable memory and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack! You cannot watch YouTube videos, but you can use your mp3's for ringtones, something that too many contract (read: expensive) phones still won't allow you to do! The calls themselves come in clear. So far, we've had no problems with reception (everything works where we live, so we're probably not going to have too many issues with dropped calls).Best of all, my daughter LOVES her new phone.Thank you SO MUCH for providing this item for Amazon customers at such a great price!**UPDATE**Just a little tip....it costs 3.5 minutes to send an MMS, so if possible, link your device via Bluetooth and send MMS that way.

A little tiny for my taste but it works quite well.  It has very good toneand is nice and clear.  This is definetly a very good thing because I havefriends with very expensive cell phones that don't work as well as the Net10 does.

Bought the product to replace a prior phone that had a cracked screen. Set up was easy to transfer prior account thru Net 10 and the price for the phone was cheap. If your looking for an android phone you need look no farther.

Trying to text us quite cumbersome, and it can be hard to hear on. It works and holds the charge, but not as easy to use as our last phone.

I bought two of these from Amazon. I am currently using one of them. This is a Solid phone when it comes to net10 pay as you go phones and I have had a number of net10 phones over the years. I have seen some reviews on other prepaid phones and see the compliants about the browser speed. This is not an Android phone, if it's speed you want, buy an android, if it's just a basic Talk and text phone, then this is the type of phone to buy. This phone is a CDMA phone, it doesn't have a SIM card in it. I have read in an online forum that this phone actually uses the Verizon Towers so the signal is carried by them. I have had no signal problems thus far with this phone no matter where I have been in my area, though there are different factors that can come into play when it comes to cellphone signal strengths and weakness's. The keyboard on this phone is easy to navigate, I do wish they had made the keys just a tiny bit larger but it is not a deal breaker as I have adapted to it and it's not an issue for me. There are several other functions with this phone, one of my Favorties is the Tip calculator, I'm admittedly lousy at math, it's handy to have! There is a Memo pad, another handy tool to have to write a note to save, Remember, a note...not a book. It has a calendar as well as a calculator, it also has a camera, again, this is a prepaid phone camera, don't expect over the top pictures, but they afre not bad at all...for this type of phone. The battery life on this phone is outstanding too. I highly reccomend this phone.

Best feature is:It only uses 1/2 minute per text, unlike my last phone that used a minute per text.  It also has several nice features and the price is unheard of!!! Less than $10!!!

She didn't like this one because it's not a smart phone. I'm sure its fine for what it is. Immediately upgraded...

This is a great product!  I like the size and shape of it very much.  The screen provides nice visibility of text and pictures.

It came in the casing with all brand new look. Delivered on time and was just as expecting. Love the style of these phones - they are made well and very durable.

Best ten dollars I have ever spent. Love net zero.No.problems with any part of this purchase. Good tech support. Thanks

This phone is best used when you live in a major city because it contains different data than regular NET 10 phones. I live in a rural farm country of Texas and could not keep a signal. Therefore my phone could not be used but was usable when I traveled to two different major cities in Texas. For example, I could use it in Ft. Worth, Texas and in Abilene, Texas. I am not saying it is a bad phone what I am saying is that if you do not live in a major city with excellent cell reception I do not advise buying this phone.

I've been using the Samsung r355c n10 phone for a little over 2 weeks and so far so great. Granted, it's not top quality but considering that it only costs $9.99, this phone is certainly worth the purchase, that is if you're looking for basic phone use (i.e. making phone calls, texting, as well as using the calendar, calculator, alarm etc.).  However, if you want a phone that includes a fast internet connection, a camera that takes quality pictures, or video recording ability, you should look elsewhere. As for me, I'm happy with this phone so far and I'm also happy with Amazon. As usual Amazon delivered on time and the merchandise was in perfect condition. Thanks, Amazon :-DHere is what I've experienced & observed so far:BATTERY POWER: I tested the phone out a lot during the first few days. In other words, heavy usage. It took a little over 2 days before I had to recharge the battery. Then when I hardly used the phone (just a few short calls and several texting), the battery lasted for 5-6 days before I had to recharge. As of now, I'm happy with the battery. I just hope it'll stay this strong for a while.CALL RECEPTION: Solid reception. I can hear the person on the other end clearly and vice versa. With regard to dropped calls, I have not had one yet.CAMERA: Pictures aren't the best quality but they come out good enough. Unfortunately, there's no zoom which is a huge bummer for me since I'm a frequent user of the zoom feature. However, there are other features which make taking pictures fun, such as the series shot; mosaic shot; and my favorite, fun frames. For me that makes up a little for the quality of the pics.INTERNET ACCESS: This feature is ok for occasional use. However if you're looking for a phone mostly for internet browsing (if you internet daily for hours), you may want to look around and see what other choices are out there. As for this Samsung r355c phone, it's 10 cents a minute to internet; and be aware that the first minute will be deducted as soon as you press the browser key. The downloading of website pages is a bit slow to complete. I could not browse or navigate through any site until the downloading completely finished. I got 2 minutes deducted, once, for just visiting one page w/o hardly reading anything. If you do get this phone, this feature is not too bad if you have the time to wait for pages to download.KEYPAD:1). The key buttons are really small which worried me a bit because my fingers are medium sized and I keep my nails really short so I thought I'd have problems (i.e. pressing 2 keys at once or pressing the wrong keys). Surprisingly I've had no trouble typing. It's pretty easy.2). When not using the phone, it's best to lock the keypad down by holding down the space key for a few seconds. When the keypad is unlocked, it's easy to accidentally hit the browser key unknowingly and be charged for every minute the browser is on.3). Fyi the red "End pwr" key is the "home" key. I didn't know that until I read the instruction booklet a few days later. I kept pressing the "back" key a few times to get out of features like the camera mode, text messages, calendar, etc. just to get back to the home screen. Doh!SPEAKER: The clarity is excellent. MUCH clearer than my 2 laptops' speakers that's for sure.TEXT MSG: It was nice to find out it only costs 2 &1/2 cents (0.25 minutes) per text compared to the 10 cents (1.00 minute) I used to pay prior to switching to this phone. I also like that there's a character count which lets you know when you're about to hit the maximum (160 character per text). The one thing missing is the copy/cut/paste features. But it's a minor issue considering the price of this phone.TEXT PICTURE MSG: It cost 35 cents (3.50 minutes) to send & to receive a picture text message. I was a little bummed about that but oh well, it's still good.VIDEO RECORDER: there is none :-(I know I'm leaving out info about other features this phone offers, but hopefully what I already have written down will help some people decide whether or not this phone will suit their needs.

it was defective the baterry didnt work. Its a good thing the battery didnt explode when i was talking on it but when it was sitting on the table.

I bought this for my bro for his birthday last year. He finally activated it and it works just fine.

This phone works just fine for someone who just needs a phone. I got the 750 minute plan and I have loads of minutes to burn through, so I tried using the browser. It wasn't as slow as the other reviews led me to believe it would be. It worked ok, but it is a little clunky and difficult to navigate. I'll only use it in emergency situations. I haven't tried the 411 service yet, but I suspect that will be faster than using the internet. The sound and the ringer are both good. The keyboard works well for me, but the buttons are too small for my husband to use. The battery life is excellent. Good phone for the money.

After several years in a cell phone contract that I really didnt need, I decided to go the prepaid route. I tried a few different services and found this one offered the best deal (I do the 750 minutes a month for $25 service- one of many Net10 provides) I have literally shaved 75% off my bill using this phone. The buttons make it easy to text and its super easy to add minutes at any time from the menu on the phone, buying them at the store, or even online. If you just need a basic phone to call in or out of, and text from- this is it. There is a camera, its not an especially great one but its there if you need it.

I like the phone and it does what it says it will do.  Only problem with phones like these is you have to set it on autolock otherwise you'll accidently hit the buttons to connect you to the web and all your minutes will be used up.

Great phone nice and easy to use!  Music, ringtones sound great!  Battery life is good.  Yes I got a brand new phone for 9.99, good deal.

I read all the good reviews on this phone and the price was right so I ordered it. This phone is a great basic phone and works well for what I need and it was only $10. Really like it.

This phone is a delight and affordable for the casual phone call and text.  Easy to use, etc.Do not buy if you want web services.Highly recommend as a phone.

My phone from samsung, through amazon, has been more than satisfactory. It is much more convenient than my previous phone.

I like this simple little phone for the amazing price, BUT it does have some flaws.  Most importantly, I found it supremely annoying that  it subtracted my minutes without actually sending a photo I tried to send.  Also, without the snooze function, the alarm is almost useless, which is a shame.  Other than that, works good

I lost my first one of these 2 days ago.  I had it over a year.I researched other Net10 CDMA phones, as I prefer the Verizon network.  I also have Net10 LG900g, which is GSM, on ATT.  (That is also a good phone, by the way...but Verizon is better in our area).I ordered another one of the R355C, not only because of the price.  The phone clarity was great, texting was easy for me, alarm clock worked fine, all the things I really needed it for.  It has a good speakerphone.The camera is not that great, because there is no zoom, etc.  No extra features. You can't even enlarge it at all when someone sends a pic message.  Sometimes you have to ask them what it is a photo of. That is the state of this camera.(the LG900g has a nice camera).The browser, well, it's a browser.  Not a smartphone.  You definitely can check email and news, sports, whatever you want.  It is slow, though, and not a computer experience.  But it does work and you can indeed get your Internet fix if you have to.As a phone, as a texter, as an alarm clock, as a calculator, etc., it is wonderful.  I was really sad to lose my first one and really happy to find another one here at this price.*** UPDATE ****  The first one I received now was DOA.  Not sure if battery or phone itself.  Ordered a replacement for it, and now this one is shutting itself off after a few minutes.  I need to return both.  Should I try this model again?  I don't know... I loved the one I lost...that is why I ordered another.  So disappointing that these 2 replacements are not good.**** Second UPDATE **** The seller has graciously replaced this for me with a new one that works just great.  Happy again.

Works fine great clarity when calling. Has limited features but the ones it has are very well done. Shouldhave a Smart Phone Version now.

I like this phone, it's more expensive looking than it really is. It does not feel like a cheap phone I feel like I have a black berry without the price of one. I am very happy with my purchase. Thanks Amazon!!!!!!!!!

This is my third Net10 phone. First two were AT&T; phones, lots not to like about AT&T; in southwest CT (IMHO), so I made sure this is Verizon, and it is! (G at the end of the name indicates AT&T;, C means Verizon.)Most important functionality for me is good coverage (Verizon), good voice commands (reliable Bluetooth) and decent texting ability (not bad on this device).My first phone (Samsung T401G) was a slider, which really does beat the fakeBerry style phone for texting, but the phone had no voice dialing, so Bluetooth was not fully functional. Scratch that.My second phone was a Samsung R455G (AT&T;). It looked much like this phone and was actually heftier, nicer casing, a kind of mini-track pad for moving the cursor. It looked more like the $40 I paid rather than this $10 phone. BUT, the Bluetooth was the weirdest I've ever encountered (I wrote a review on Amazon), and any time you hit the space bar when texting, you were equally likely to get a period. So you. Would get. Sentences. Like this. Scratch that.So, with the R355C I get Verizon connectivity, a NORMAL fully-functional Bluetooth, and the ability to text relatively easily. I actually find typing on the fakeBerry much easier than I would have thought. The worst is all the overlays (for punctuation and things like $ / etc.), which, if you have started losing your fine eyesight as I have, is murder, because it's very hard to see what's on each key. I suppose over the life of the phone I will get used to the most common things I use, but while the phone is new it's a bit of a drag. Not the phone's fault.Unlike some phones with exposed buttons (like the R455G), this phone does not lock itself every time it goes dark, which is a feature I actually like. You can easily lock it (hold the space bar) before putting it in your purse, but if it's sitting on your desk, it doesn't lock up every time it goes dormant, which is great if you're in the midst of a somewhat sporadic text exchange. Somewhat unusually, to unlock the phone you press a soft key and the space bar rather than the center or "ok" button, which seems the more common configuration.Haven't had it long enough to comment on battery life, but it seems better than the 455, which had terrible battery life.

I was really excited when i received this phone so when i opened it i discovered that the battery did NOT go with this phone so i called the net 10 co and told them about a problem with a product and they sent me out a new battery and when i received it, it was still the wrong battery so i instantly became angered so now i am trying to find the CORRECT battery.

Good reception everywhere. The sound is loud and clear. The buttons are a little small if you have big hands and it shuts off unexpectedly when using an SD card.

This particular cell purchase began with a limited budget. Keeping that in mind you get what you pay for. Not impressed, nor disappointed in the least. I got the whole $9 worth. If you can get a recommendation from this, or not, remember you have been advised.

I've had this phone for over a year. One of my favorite things about it is that besides being a reliable Samsung, I can assign different ringtones to each person. A lot of phone still don't do that and it bugs me. The one thing I do not like is the internet browser is from the dinosaur age. Mine, now just goes to a white screen, it can't handle the newer internet. I need to get a new phone and I don't want to I loved this phone...darn internet

I have been through two other phones with Net10 and this phone kept me with the service.  The quality of the phone and the "Verizon" CDMA towers it uses in my area make it seem like I'm using contract phone service with Net10 prepay.  Phone call quality is very clear and I have service in areas I didn't have with my previous Verizon Wireless contract phone.

Here goes, Amazon Prime held up there end of the purchase admirably. The Samsung R355C though not the best phone by far,  for the price is very satisfactory. Net 10 and their service is without a doubt the most frustrating ,inefficient poor service I've ever encountered in any industry. Their customer service reps lack  any knowledge ,intelligence and diplomacy ! To keep this as brief as possible and not go on forever (which i truly could) I'll just say that in a single day  I was accused of lieing about buying minutes or in this case posting my credit card for &#34;easy pay&#34; which it's not ! To having the phone disabled for 2 days, then having my phone number changed 3 times because their supposed simple number transfer process somehow couldn't be accomplished. Their techs had no reason for this until one of them suggested that the number had just expired! i had the same number for 7 years . Strange it expired the minute they tried to transfer it! Then after all is &#34;fixed&#34; I try to make a call and i get a Verizon operator telling me i can't call out!! The nightmare goes on and on ! I'll stop here and just say i wouldn't recommend Net 10 to my worst enemy!!!!

i can't believe the quality of the phone for the price!  it's almost unbelievable, but i'm very happy with it.

I am really enjoying my new phone which I bought to replace my original Net 10 phone.  It has all the features I was looking for!The only draw back is, I thought I would be able to have it unlocked and use it when I travel outside the country with a different SIM card.  But Net 10 phones can't be unlocked so now I have to look for another phone that can be unlocked for travelling.

This phone has such a long battery life, I only plug it in once a week or so, and even then it still has about half its charge.  Call clarity is excellent.  The only reasons I didn't give 5 stars is it drives me crazy how many keystrokes it takes to do anything, and the keys are so tiny, in some light they are very hard to read and know what you are pressing.

Rightfully, I should probably give this product one star rather than three, but I&#8217;m considering the possibility that I just got a defective cell. I bought this as a cheap efficient way to make and receive important calls. Unfortunately it&#8217;s never worked. Out of the box, the phone proved incapable of keeping a charge longer than one day. What&#8217;s more is that after a painstaking activation; I say this because after registering the product on Net 10&#8217;s website the phone still didn&#8217;t work. I had to call Net 10 from a land line so that a customer service representative could walk me through the process of putting in about 8 to 10 activation codes. After this, the phone couldn&#8217;t receive a signal&#8230; almost anywhere. In a very few locations we were able to make calls, but nowhere that it actually counted. It wouldn&#8217;t even work at our home whereas we&#8217;ve had AT&T and Verizon phones which work just fine. After calling Net 10 again, the customer service representative deduced that the produce was defective and that they would send a new phone. I was fine with this even putting aside that we&#8217;d had the produce well over a month and never got to use it. After repeating the home address to the representative three times, he still got it wrong. The package ended up at a FedEx several miles away and they couldn&#8217;t resend the package. So, I called Net 10 yet again to explain the problem to them. They said that they&#8217;d send another phone and never did. Instead they cancelled my service with them which is just fine as I would&#8217;ve done that anyway. The bottom line is that I gave this item three stars out of grace. I assume that if you get a working product there will be no problem, but be forewarned that costumer service is terrible should you have an actual problem.

If you're buying a phone for your young child just to keep in contact this would be nice. However it's not very sophisticated for an adult and lacks some basic features that I liked on my previous phone that's a later model than this one.

Just received it and so far so good.  My husband plans to use it mainlyfor phone calls when necessary.  ( Imagine That ! )He is starting with a Net 10  $20.00 plan and with a phone thatsells for $9.99 with free shipping how can you go wrong?Phone calls have been great. Will update further when I have a chanceto play around with it!

I've had this phone for about a month now and it's become very helpful.I only use it for job/quick calls, I'm not much of a talker so I needed a prepaid phone.I bought a 200min card from NET10 the same day I got it and after a month, i still have 100+ min left. Buying this phone was definitely the right choice because it was cheap and I don't need a plan.It's a very light and has common cellphone features. The thing that I dislike, is that if you don't lock it, the browser button might get dialed by accident and then your minutes will just go. Happened to me twice but I quickly realized...i lost like 10min.It has a nice design and the camera is ok. This cellphone is nothing fancy but it does the job.The keypad buttons are kinda small but my hands are small so it's ok.Since I usually have the screen turned off, the battery lasts a lot of time. I never let it past 2 bars(out of 5) so I don't know how long it truly lasts. (I only remember charging it twice, when 3 bars left, ever since i got it a month ago)

I have been with Net10 for 8 months now and I switched from a Bring Your Own Phone SIM card to this Samsung. My unlocked HP Pre 3 messed up and I saw this for only $9.99 FREE PRIME shipping. It was a steal.This phone is exactly what I needed. It has features many basic phones don't have nowadays. Things like a dedicated camera button, a cover for the USB charging port to avoid dust getting in and a standard headset jack. The menu is very basic, nothing out of the ordinary, easy to read. As far as the network goes, I did some research and after activating this phone I am certain the networks got switched from T-Mobile to Verizon Wireless coverage. This phone runs on Verizon's CDMA 1X network. Which is also a big plus for me because I have better signal and I'm saving $5 with Net10 over Verizon's Unlimited for basic phones plan. Very happy with my purchase. The only negative thing I would point out is the keyboard itself feels really cheap. It has good tactile feedback but you can definitely feel the cheapness of it. I don't really mind as long as I can text fast on it. Which I think is achievable once I get used to the keyboard. If this phone messes up I can always get a second one. At only $9.99 who wouldn't?

This is one time I should have invested in a better quality phone and not attempted to save money. This phone will not be with me long and an upgrade is just around the corner.

Pros:1.) Cheap2.) Very user-friendly (I find Samung phones easy to use)3.) Keypad lock works! Not one pocket call yet!4.) Good battery life.Cons:1.) Poor sound quality2.) Do not suggest getting if you plan on using the internet.3.) Texts cost a full minute. With my Tracfone, they only cost 0.3 minute/text.4.) Every now and then I get a text and the alert does not make a sound even though my volume is turned on to high.

This is a great little phone for the price and it is used off of Verizon network., It is simple to use.

The phone did not work.  It Never even turned on when I plugged it in. I returned it for a refund.

Sent this as a Christmas present only to find out it was not a working product.  Very disappointed especially since I then ordered another phone only to find out that instead of a phone, a completely different product was sent.  I have now learned not to order electronics on Amazon.

This phone is worth the money! It provides you will all of the essentials you need in a phone! I highly recommend this phone for the budget conscious individuals!

I like these phones they are a great buy if you just want a phone to talk and text this is the one that is all I use them for so it is very economical.

This is a great product for the money especially if it is for ur child that is rough on phones.. Delivery was a dream...

I have had prepaid phones for a few years now.  Does not make sense to have an expensive phone on a contract for two years and then throw away minutes and money I do not use each month.  This way, I have a good quality phone with some of the most sophisticated technology available to use.  If I lose it or it get dropped into water, not that much of a loss. I can get another phone from Net10 and have the number and minutes transferred.  The phone has so many features and is very easy to use and understand.

I just wanted a basic phone, and this is it. Don't expect Internet access, Facebook, etc, with this thing.My friends mostly have phones costing 2-4 times this much per month (I use the $25/month 750 minute plan). But their phones don't work in buildings, elevators, on the subway, etc., and mine does. It seems that Net10 rents working wireless access from expensive companies and then sells it to us.I have purchased 3 of these phones. One was defective enough to return it, and a second one refuses to go into autolock mode, so I often find it browsing the net or writing its own text messages. To my knowledge it has never actually butt-dialed anyone. I can lock it by just holding down the spacebar, but I often forget. It has never managed to use up my minutes, anyway.A fourth Net10 phone also died before I started with these Samsungs. So why do I give them 5 stars? Because they are practically giving these phones away, and the per month charge is reasonable by US standards.The only reason I don't get yet another phone and dump my slightly defective one is that I'll have to type in about 300 digits to reprogram the new phone to take over my account.As far as usability, the phone is great. The keyboard is fine, even though the keys are tiny and I can barely see them without glasses, it is miles better than my previous 'cheap' phones, which cost much more than these. The menus are well organized, and I use the phone as my daily alarm as well. I like the ringtones selection.

This is an easy to use phone has great features like texting and sending pictures uses too many minutes to use to log onto internet

After looking at smart phones, and noting that the user manuals were typically 500 pp. (not, alas, an exaggeration), I realized that a phone of middling intelligence would suit me just fine.  The price here was 50% - 60% less than on other sites.  It arrived promptly, and does all that I ask it to do: call, text, and function as my alarm clock.  It does have Internet connectivity, but it's so slow, it's like time-travel back to the 1990s.  I knew that going in, however.  If you need to be able to update your twitter and/or Facebook frequently from your phone, keep on looking.  If you just want a, you know, a *phone*, this is smart enough.

First off you should know that this phone only charges .25 minutes per text received and send which is 50% of the regular Net10 phones and the main reason of my purchase, that being said...Important info you should know about this phone.Features: 1.3Mega Pixel camera, Long battery life, Quarty KeyboardMy impressions: Keys are small but easy to type on, this phone does not support T9 word and calling numbers is slightly more annoying since the keys are smaller then most are used to. I can't comment on the browser features since for some reason the phone is roaming in the Wyoming area where I am located and it says data restriction 36 but from videos the browser is nothing special.It is also worth mentioning that you can record your own ringtones and transfer audio and images back and forth from your computer via a data cable or blue tooth adapter. Picture quality is better then my old 1.3MP camera which was a scoop but it's still nothing amazing, I'm sure everyone has seen what most cell phone pictures are like, and this phone is no exception, but still it is nice to have the feature.Also you can lock the keypad by pressing and holding the spacebar down.Features aren't great but you can get around 300 minutes or about 1200 text for 20$ per month on this phone which is very cheap for those of us who don't talk much.

bought this for my 7 yr old granddaughter , she loved it ! very nice ... very nice price too ... she was the only one in the family with no phone ... she said you know granny , i am 7 now , don't you think i should have a camera phone , i may need to call my parent's in an emergency or something , plus i can talk to all of my friends :) what's granny do ? order's it that night ! lol

I had this phone before I upgraded to an android.  I must say, I really loved this phone.  It's easy to operate, you can go on-line with it, it has more storage space available, and the volume is excellent when playing music.  It's easy to download music and just about everything except anything requiring flas player.  I only upgraded to android to be able to watch youtube at work.  If only this phone allowed youtube to play, then I'd be set.  The keys are very small so if you need latger ones this isn't for you.  This is a great starter phone for a kid.  They'll love it.

If you want a no nonsense kind of phone that works reliably and you don't have to charge it every single day, get this phone!

I have a work Iphone but need a personal phone.  I had an old flip phone and would never use it.  I thought the reception was really bad turns out it was just the phone. For the price its great, I only use it to talk and text though.  Hooked up easily through my Blue Tooth also. Saw a similar phone in the store on &#34;sale&#34; for $29.00 Switching the phone over was easy as well.

Just got it today 4-19-2013. It will not charge.  The no battery message comes on. Despite repeatedly taking the battery in and out of the phone.. I suspect that the battery is dead upon arrival.Do not know how to get another one. Probably will just have to pitch the phone. Will try to send a message to supplier but because this is not directly through Amazon do not know how yet.Update great people to deal with shipping replacement battery.

The phone is great for texting! It laso has a camera to take and send pics to other people's cell. It's easy to use once you get the hang of it.

This phone worked great for my son untill he upgraded. GOOD SOUND/SIGNAL/BASIC PHONE FOR 9.99. Very satisfied with amazon service and prices.

We also purchased the auto charger, data cable, lens protector, and hard shell (highly recommended for kids).It's been in use for over a year and subjected to sports, scouting, youth trips (i.e. boys).It's been sat on, dropped on floors, cement, gravel, & asphalt without failure. I attributed this to the rubberized hard cover.Excellent price point for a kids disposable.We would buy this again
