
I had this phone (HTC Incredible, not to be confused with the Incredible 2) for over 2 years before I upgraded to my current Droid Razr. This phone and I had a great relationship, and I'd like to tell you a bit about it.Durability:I dropped this phone off a 3rd story balcony (~20 feet) onto the road once. I ran down to retrieve it, expecting to pick the shattered remains off the street.Nope. There were only a few rough spots on one of the corners. I never used a case or screen protector with this phone, and somehow it put up with my abuse, which was often quite extreme. I've even left it out in the rain once. I know, I'm terrible to phones, but the point is that this thing is indestructible. And it's actually possible to replace some of the parts (like the screen), unlike many other modern phones.Design:Hands down, the best looking phone ever made (in my opinion). Trust me, it looks even better in person. It really showed what was capable in terms of phone design. The size is just right - very easy to hold and operate with one hand.Processor/screen/software:The screen is only 840x480, but it's really bright, with great contrast. Not so great outside where the glare is an enemy, but not many phones can deal with that. The processor is quite speedy for everyday tasks, and the Adreno 200 GPU is capable of playing mobile games like Dead Space with no stutter.I'm not a huge fan of HTC sense, which is why I rooted mine and installed Cyanogenmod (which is fantastic), but the stock OS is certainly tolerable. The Sense overlay will occasionally cause some lag, and freezing up altogether is not unheard of.Camera:HTC probably makes the best phone cameras, and this one is no exception. The dual LEDs really light up pictures, usually without blowing them out, and they're very useful for flashlight apps. The amount of information captured in images can be staggering, especially with decent ambient lighting. The lens can get scratched due to the raised metal ring around it, but I never had any issues with it. Pressing the trackball to take a picture is very useful, and I like it better than on-screen buttons.In summary, this phone exceeded my expectations in every way.  So much so, that even after 2 years I wasn't envious of any of the new phones coming out. I only upgraded because it was free, and I still use this phone on Wifi occasionally.

I had an issue with my order at first, but the dealer did everything they could in a timely manner to get this issue resolved and since i had the issue the dealer gave me a free case for the inconvience i had. :)

pretty decent phone... Sometimes it freezes up and doesnt wanna dial but overall, i seem to think its a good phone.

The phone is solid and works well. The battery is TERRIBLE!! With No apps installed the battery only lasted 4-5 hours unused.  I bought an extended battery and NOW its great

This phone does the job but is a little hard to master. Every now and then you have to reboot but this could be a third-party app screwing things up. For the price, I guess it's fine.

This phone is an Incredible piece of junk. I bought it off Amazon because I had a friend that had purchased usedphones this way but what a mistake. It was a complete waste of $75. I will never purchase a phone this way again.The speaker quit working after a couple of days and the phone only randomly works. I never write reviews aboutproducts but I feel completely ripped off. BEWARE!!!!!

I have had a little trouble in getting use to this phone.  My 14 year old grandaughter helped me on some of those problems.  One thing I notice is it freezes up, can't do anything with it unless I hit the button at top of phone.  I could be over loading I don't really know.  I think once I learn more about it, it will be ok.

It was a good phone however, I realized that the charger I got works with the phone, but isn't the factory charger, as it is made by Pantech..which makes Cricket phones if I'm not mistaking. The cord is short too. Only a foot or so long. I'll buy another charger but anyway the phone actually works and stuff.Good job.

THAT PHONE DON`T WORK IN VENEZUELA, IT`S BAD, AND I CAN`T TURN ON THAT PHONE CAUSE HAVE A VERY POOR SOFTWARE

The phone was a gift and the only complaint is that it does not hold a charge for very long.  Has to be charged nightly.Seller was very prompt in answering my emails and questions.  Lower the price on phone the day after I bought it, which I was not happy about and could not return it since it was a family gift.

While the phone is not terrible, the battery only charges to 75% and loses the charge after 10 minutes.  Very disappointed.

as good as new. did not come with memory card and that wasted some time, but I've had it for 14 months and I would say that once a month there's a glitch but that's just like the new one Verizon gave me.

This phone used to be a great phone, but now it goes into an endless reboot cycle and the battery must be removed to fix it.  Apparently many other people have the same issue, but there is no fix.  I don't trust it to talk on any longer as it can reboot at any time.  Pretty much a piece of junk!

Well, first off, the original product I received from them was defective - power button didn't work, but other than that the phone worked and looked excellent. The minute I figured out the phone was defective, I called them up, and got Jason. He was very helpful and nice, and when I told him what was wrong with the phone, he told me to go ahead and email me the details and he would ship me the exchange item along with a return envelope for the broken phone. That was Friday, so first thing Saturday morning, I got the email with a tracking number for the phone. Since it was the weekend, I had to wait until 5 days later, on Wednesday to get it. Once it finally came, I found the new phone to be in WORSE cosmetic condition than the defective one I originally got. I also noticed as well that the screen had been replaced; this was noticeable because it was very minutely elevated, and the tracking button really had to be pressed down by the skin of my finger to click it. Not that big of a deal, but it lowers the value of the phone considerably if the screen has been replaced, and what's more if it's noticeable. Also, the piece o' junk charger they included with the original phone causes the new phone to completely shut off - I have to take out and replace the battery in order for it to boot back up - and it doesn't even actually charge it!Better luck next time, SoonerSoft...

This phone is a durable phone and has a smaller screen than the iPhone which I like.  What I do not like is the battery life. The battery lasts about 7 to 8 hours. I have had to plug my phone in every night and sometimes 2 times a day. But overall it is an average phone at best.

The phone works great. No problems so far and everything came neatly packaged. Only problem I've had so far is that the guide for using the phone wasn't for my specific phone. I had to figure out how to take the back of on my own. Other than that, no regrets.

This phone has stood up to a lot of wear and tear (with a Seidio case) including being left outdoors overnight on the hood of a car and then being thrown from the car at 40 mph the next day. Camera takes decent pictures but is slow, takes good video. I find it annoying that you cannot uninstall all of the pre-loaded applications because I never use them. I have a few added apps that I put on myself and constantly get the "phone storage space is getting low". The only way to remove the unwanted apps is to "root" the phone which voids the warranty and insurance. The touch screen is very difficult to see and slow to respond in bright sunlight. Looking forward to upgrading to an iphone.

fast shipping.. product decribed exact..  works excellent!!!  my son was so happy he broke his really expense phone and could not afford another new one so this was the best alternative... will DEFINATELY ORDER from you again.. i saw some nice phones id be interested in... thank you

After one week of use the phone started completely malfunctioning. I did not receive a charger with this phone either or any other thing besides the phone and the battery.  It was clear when i received it that it was well used and had a lot of cosmetic damage. Although in the description it does not state that it was in fact a used phone but considering the price I should have known. I soon returned it and was refunded my money

In the instruction manual you can put a Sims card in clearly you can't!  I want to returnfor a 4g

bought this phone refurbished and it looks and works like new.  Easy to use and works great.  my son loves it

I am from the caribbean. Bought five of these phones while on vacation in the US. First, realized one phone was broken at the top and camera cracked, note - the box was in perfect condition- had to send that back, others scratched but acceptable. On reaching home I found out the phones were cdma phones. Why didn't you mention this in the description? I choose to buy the phones cause I have friends who own HTC phones that uses sim cards. I wouldn't know that verizon phones don't use sim cards? Now I am back in my country with phones that don't work. Please, leave nothing out of your description.

Only limitation is 3G and short battery life. An extended battery with cover is available and recommended. Very compact size.

htc droid incredible is a nice upgrade from the htc eris i used for two years,  i like to buy the phones new out of contract once they become slightly outdated , they still work great but i don't pay full price or get locked in.  so  far the incredible has been very reliable and easy to use,  battery life is just fine , i use the advanced app killer all the time. so far so good,  i think one thing people fail to remember is that these are phones with small batteries that some ask to do the things of a laptop all day that has a battery 100x the size . realistic expectations are required and you will be satisfied with your smart phone.

the phone works amazingly. I thought since it would came from like this, it would suck but I was proved wrong

I hate this phone!!!!! It was all peaches and cream the first couple days.... then the screens started to jump in and out, then my apps kept shutting down, then it said UID's are inconsistent. I took it to Verizon and they didn't even know what that meant.  My phone ended up erasing everything and I had to end up restoring my entire phone to the factory settings.  THIS PHONE SUXXXXXXX

Just arrived today! Its my 1st smart phone, and so far easy to use. I haven't started to play with the phone but seems to be user friendly.

Didn't think I'd have to spend over an hour cleaning out someone else's pics, video's, and texts. I was not happy at all with this product.

The phone was listed in very good shape and I would consider it to be okay.  The charger didn't work without messing around with it to get it to actually charge.  Luckily, I had another charger available that worked properly.  The phone itself was in okay shape, but it was missing a chunk out of the side of the back cover.  There was also a lot of dust stuck in the back of the phone under the back cover. Overall, the phone was in worse shape than I expected.

Overall the phone is good. Is gets good service. However the battery life is horrible. I bought this phone for my husband who rarely uses his phone and the battery is dead after 2 hours. Thank goodness I got him a car charger!

This phone is one of the best I have had. Takes good pictures and can handle most apps that I want to have on. I do my amazon purchase from this phone, I do My facebook time from this phone, I even sometimes go on netflix, it does run my battery but most phones have this problem. Overall I like this phone very much.

The phone doesn't have a certain memory &#34;card&#34; that is needed to allow some features that this model offers, according to my son... Battery also is limited.

I recieved this phone as a very early christmas present in 2012 and I am very disappointed. This thing is so slow it takes 5 minutes just to load up a single webpage! The headphone jack sounds dull. Not loud enough for me! The speaker sounds pretty good tho. The color clarity on the display looks very good. The camera is okay. I'm giving this a 1 star because it runs too slow and every app I use, it crashes! And plus it freezes up too much! Absolutely the worst phone I've ever used! The battery life is horrible! Lasts about 2 hours before it dies! I even tried turning off the Wi-Fi and turning down the brightness but that wouldn't improve the battery life! Oh and when you charge it, it takes FOREVER to charge! I was using this as an mp3 player. Then on March 2013, the phone just stopped working! I tried plugging it in to several electrical outlets but it didn't work! Now I have a $120 lemon on my lap! What a waste of money! I won't be buying another htc product again!

The screen of the phone is looking very good and sensitive.  It is user friendly phone for browsing internet by using browsing nob.

The phone is very light and easy to use. The battery however dies way too fast. I could have a full charge i send three texts and its down halfway. The back of the phone never really closes so it pops off easily. The camera is ok but takes too long to work by the time it clicks my kids have already moved. I wouldnt get this phone again if i could go back. Nothing special at all.

Love it... he has never been happier u, but he can't wait fir his upgrade lol...we r still gonna keep this phone for back up

This phone is very glitchy. Nothing works quite like it is supposed to. There is not enough memory for apps, and there is no way to increase the amount of memory space available. Result: apps freeze or simply delete their own data all the time. The touchscreen freezes up and you have to restart the phone to get it to work. I've had to re-set this phone six times, and I've lost all my data twice. This is the most frustrating phone I've ever owned. The advertisements are lies; the phone doesn't do anything it is supposed to do. Don't buy this. Get something that works instead.

Lost my blackberry so decided to get a droid. Bought an HTC Incredible. Listed as "used" when I opened the package, it was still in the original box! And it came right on time. Verison activated it for free so I was able to keep my plan the same. All is good!

I loved my old phone but was reluctant to get a new one through my carrier because I wanted to keep my low monthly contracted amount so decided to buy it outright.  This was the best price given on-line so I decided to order it.  Though the 1st one arrived with a battery unable to take a charge, as soon as I contacted the seller the item was promptly replaced at no cost to me and the seller checked to see if I was happy with replacement.  That meant a lot to me!!!!  Things happen and products can be defective no matter where you buy them.  I was quite impressed with the ease in which the seller corrected the problem for me.  Highly recommend and will definitely use this seller again.

Wasn't the phone I thought was, and also didn't know out had been used and not brand new..I was looking for a prepaid phone for my daughter and was very upset when I tried to set it up that it was a contact phone. When I called too find out about returning out the man Sayyid I had to pay a restock fee..so I'm out shipping and restock fee...wasn't happy at all!

Bought this for my son. It is his second one. To say it took a lickin and kept on tickin would be an understatement. Until he finally smashed the screen out of it, it was battered and bruised but would still make a call. Nice screen size too. I have a Droid X. It's too big to carry easily. Great for nav screen,not so much for phone. This seems to be a better all around phone. Bit out of date now though.

I like the phone but there is better out there. It won't let me send videos in a text message or post videos to instagram, so I was a little disappointed in that. All in all its pretty good though.

There are technical issues with the phone, the screen freezes up and starts spazzing, you would have to have a little patience and turn it on and off sometimes.

This phone arrived timely and was in excellent condition, brand new. I was very happy with the customer service provided by the seller because this phone was for my daughter and I accidentally ordered the wrong phone type to replace my daughter's broken phone.I contacted the seller and they refunded us 100% and sent a return shipment form.This seller is top notch in customer service and the phone was exactly what I ordered. I would recommend it.

i was confuse with this phone i was thinking that it was other one so i retuned i tried a little bit.

If we had done proper research we would have known this model was 3g not 4g. Other than that the seller, ManDroid, has been very helpful in correcting the battery issues we've had and actually sent us a free case for the trouble we've had. I would definitely do business with ManDroid again... Thanks Scott!

I received the HTC Droid Incredible in about 4 days.  I was very excited to get it all set up but to no avail, after about 2 hrs on the phone with Verizon, I was told that it was not a clean phone and could not be used! NOT HAPPY! I sent it back and did get my $ refunded to my account! Now I'm still stuck with the stupid Blackberry Bold!

This phone has given us some problems, two days ago it just stopped working! We removed the batter and nothing happened, we looked up threads about this, and it seems its an ongoing problem.  Fortunately, my husband figured out how to reboot the phone and it worked, but the company didn't even know this could be done. I will NEVER buy one of these phones again. :(

This is the most horrible phone I have purchased. Do not order from them, this phone is beyond glitchy they sent me a new battery and charger and the phone won't even come back on. I repeat do not order from these people.

I bought this phone and with in a week it was messed up.... Im NOT AT ALL HAPPY about it.

the HTC incredible is a good for and fills all the needs I have for a phone. If you are looking for a super tech style phone then this is not your phone but you already know that. I love the camera on it and Verizon has great reception. What really impressed me was the shipping of the phone. I bought the phone at 8:05 on a Wednesday morning and it was at my door by 10am on Thursday. over all I am very happy

I have used the HTC incredible since it came on the market.  It started off great, but in the last year or so, the internal memory problem has led to many issues.  Loss of contacts, inability to text, can't update apps.  It is very frustrating and should have been remedied when it was first discovered.  Now if this is due to what my carrier adds (Verizon), that's another story.  Just beware if you go this route that you will have an internal memory deficiency over time and you will constantly fight it after that.

Very pleased with phone, especially for my first smart phone.  Having been a Blackberry user for past 10 years, I feel as though I've finally been brought into the modern age.  Easy to use, call quality is terrific too.  No problems with battery life at all since I use an auto task killer program and set my screen to blank after 30 secs, turning off WiFI when not in use and Mobile Network (doesn't affect text msgs) and only turn on when needed helps save battery too.  Easy one touch button widgets pre-installed on phone to do this.  Makes a huge difference. Overall very happy with phone and Simple Cell vendor was awesome.

The phone was in good condition. The phone has a few glitchy moments where it jumps from screen to screen or won't let me type messages. It also has no front camera. Still, it moves pretty quickly and is a nice, solid phone choice.

I had the HTC Incredible previously, and wanted a new one (that was 3 years old, unused, in the box.) My new old one still has the same glitches: short battery life, even after fully charging it, blurpy keypad when texting, and it won't store the pics to the SD card. But, for my purposes, this phone is perfect. I use the Page Plus plan and this phone is great for it. Worth the $100 to buy a new, old HTC.

A product with a key element inoperable should not be on market - Battery failed to charge.  Apps on the phone could not be updated when battery from an existing Incredible was used awaiting charge.  Had to remove the HTC from account but still may have account charges for change.  Prompt return initiated with relief - good ridance. Very disappointed.

When I order this phone the ad was miss informing both on style or type of phone and price. They are rip off sellers to me. they said phone was 56.99  free shipping .now when trying to return the they say it was 49.99 + shipping. The ad for the phone I bought was miss leading . I wonder how many customers they rip off every day and how much they make off US.!! don't think I will ever order from amazon ever again, the sellers are going to make amazon lose customers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I received this phone yesterday and the phone is not holding a charge like it should. it was fully charged at 7am and at 3pm the phone was almost dead! i didn't even talk more than 10 minutes and texted a few times. Very disappointed with this experience.

Its doesnt work.. when you try to go on the internet it says forclose every time. Dont like the item

Great phone

I stuck with this horrible phone for a year and a half.  I have now upgraded to a iphone 4s which has much better reception and apps! don't let verizon lead you astray!!!

Dosent hold a very good charge but other then that I love it .its really good ...and I love the screen size

It more than filled my expectations.  I needed a new phone to replace the one I accidentally trashed.  Since my contract period was not up for another 8 months I was looking for a phone that would be inexpensive to buy.  I found this used one which was in great shape.

I bought this older model Droid Incredible after I washed the first one with a load of towels. I considered the latest version, but I would have needed a new, more expensive Verizon plan to use it. The 4G capability is not important to me; I don't use data much since I have access to wireless at home and work. I like this model because it counters the latest trend toward larger smartphones. Small is easier to put in a purse or pocket. It does what I need it to do in terms of syncing calendar, email, contacts, has fast enough internet, and has nicely customizable home pages. I might wish for a little longer battery life especially when travelling (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but it's fine for home use. Reliable, nicely conceived phone (still). Get one while you can.

-very short battery life-I would have to turn off almost every app, including putting the brightness all the way down to keep my phone alive, and even then it would die quickly-Slow typing, and other actions-Phone would turn off randomly-Hard to turn back on-It kept erasing my contactsIt was nice to finally have a phone with gps, internet and have helpful apps, but the bad experience I had with the phone made me return it.

I have had the phone for like two weeks and it freezes all thr time and doent work very well. Not very satisfied

When I first bought this phone, less than a year ago, I loved it.  It worked well and for a broke college student I thought I'd paid a good price for this phone.Unfortunately, for the number of times a day I used this phone (not often) the battery did not last at all.  I had to charge it almost twice a day.  I figured that might just be because it's a smartphone and most phones these days need to be charged often.Earlier this morning, I dropped the phone from less than two inches off of the ground and it has shut off completely.  I cannot turn the phone back on nor can I hook it up to my computer.  As my phone helps me navigate through Indy when I'm working, I'm very unhappy that this phone has stopped working for me and I am furious that I'll have to spend most of my pay check buying a new phone.

I needed to replace a phone that was no longer working properly. I didn't want a different phone, just the same one I was happy with and familiar with. This is a brand new phone that is functioning perfectly. It certainly saved me hundreds of dollars, now that the phone companies are charging full price for their phones.

Phone dies anytime I use it, won't hold a charge, bit mark on the battery, charger that it came with has a short in it somewhere.

I love my phone!!  I broke my first one a while back and could've picked out of a hundred to replace it, but I stuck with my Incredible!  Sleek design, user friendly, and tons of manufactured sound clips for tones, super fast internet 4G.My boyfriend has an iPhone and I cannot believe how slow it is.  If we want internet service we always turn to my phone because his takes so long to load... His reception is also horrible.  He wants to get an Incredible, too.

I can't get this phone to keep reception. It constantly drops calls and because I didn't purchase it through Verizon, they won't replace it.

Mostly the phone works fine but recently the camera app stopped working for absolutely no reason. Even a factory reset of the phone did not fix it. When the app is opened, the screen turns black and a white camera icon appears, as normal, but the screen stays black and none of the touch buttons work. You can put the phone to sleep and bring it back with the top power button, or turn the phone off, but otherwise the phone is stuck in limbo until the battery is removed and reinserted. We've only had the phone for a week so this is definitely something that is not our fault -- I would just return it for a replacement, as I'm sure it's just a minor defect in the phone, but when I go to return it, no matter what I choose as the reason for return, Amazon greys out the option to receive a replacement, because &#34;We only offer replacements if the return is as a result of our error (e.g., item arrived damaged or was lost)&#34;. That's ridiculous. This is clearly an item that has a fault, since it's a software issue and nothing is physically broken, and it's Amazon's or the seller's job to make sure I don't have to go six days without a phone or pay return shipping.Also, the battery only lasts three hours, and once it gets to &#60;15% you can watch it go from 15 to 10 to 5 to 0 in about 20 minutes. But I was willing to put up with it until the camera issue.

TheHTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone Black (Verizon Wireless)was my first Android operated smartphone. I bought it new back when they first came out due to being impressed by the insanely fast processor and decent amount of RAM.The phone is a decent size, just right in my opinion. I think today's phones are entirely too large (I'm talking to youSamsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 - factory unlocked- 16GB Gray) and it fits perfectly into my large hands. It is also, in my opinion of course, the perfect weight. It's heavy enough to know that it's in your hands or in your pockets, but it's not heavy enough to pull down loose fitting clothes and won't give you a concussion if you accidentally drop it on your face while your laying down.The screen is decent quality. It's more than bright enough and the automatic brightness option works great. You won't have a lot of fun watching HD videos, but for higher quality videos and pictures it does more than well enough.The camera was the best in it's time and I still think it is a great camera. It's 8MP, with autofocus. It really does take great pictures and the 720P video is mediocre. It's nice, but nothing to cry home about. That being said, the flash is often overkill and there is no autofocus in video, which is a common problem in some point and shoot cameras today.The phone is currently (and finally) updated to Android 2.3 operating system. I believe the phone comes stock running Android 2.1. There will (obviously) be no updates to push this phone any further and I don't think it would be necessary to do so. Android 2.3 is the update in which Android changed from the "Android Market" to "Google Play". It also addressed a lot of the software issues the phone was having.Onto the biggest cons of the phone:It doesn't need to be said, but I'll say it anyway. The phone's battery is absolutely horrendous. Back when I first purchased the phone the battery was below average, and after these two+ years the battery has not improved at all. I'm lucky to get a full days use out of one charge. Of course this can be remedied by purchasing one of the many aftermarket batteries on the market.Another minor issue that many people have is the phone restarting itself. Some people blame the phone overheating and some blame lack of RAM causing the phone to restart itself to clear itself out. I personally don't mind the restart as the phone DOES tend to run smoother after it turns back on, which doesn't take long at all.An issue that I seem to have that I don't see many people having is a failing keyboard. If I am texting many people at once, the keyboard will slide up like usual but it will not let me type anything. I have to wait until it decides to start working which can be 15 seconds on a good day or I've had to wait up to 3 minutes. It's nothing major, but it is annoying.Overall, I would recommend this phone to someone looking for an old, cheap, Android phone. It has it's quirks, but it is a great phone.

Purchased this to replace a lost phone and did not have the funds to upgrade and do not want to loose my unlimited data plan w/ Verizon.  Would give it a 5 but it is difficult to turn on most of the time. The button on the top of the phone is very small.  Otherwise it works great and is just what I was expecting for an older model smart phone.

You don't have Google play at all you only have market which is a big waste you can't download up to date apps I would never buy this phone again hate this phone with a Passion DO NOT BUY AT ALL

hi there,before i buy this phone,i did check all review in here,a lot of Bad n some good too.so i liked it n bought this HTC after 2 month its very bad:first the battery is no good,not last longer then 2 hr if u talk on the phone,and the phone always dead,i have to turned it OFF n took the battery out n put it back to the phone and i can use it again.It happened like that all the time and when i used the Camera is turn Black screen too..Finally today my phone battery is dead..i charge for the whole nite n turn on my Phone isn't work no more,i cant call or use this phone if i don't change battery.this Phone is Suckkkk,don't ever buy it...

It was a great phone just a lil too small for me:) But it was brand new! The phone was sent right away like promised.

Wow, I can't say enough good things about this phone. It is fast, good sized dispay, responsive, and great graphics. The design isn't that great though, and it's a pretty plain phone. But it is totally worth the $91 I spent on it. The battery is okay, but not the best. Overall, I love this phone!!

&#34;Used&#34; phone-like new! Delivered as promised! Received ahead of schedule, the phone was in excellent condition.  Fair price, for an &#34;old&#34; product(looks and operates like it's &#34;brand-new&#34;).  Gotta hand it to chubbiestech! The only downside is how high the seller set the bar--now, they'll be expected to deliver the same result every time.  Very satisfied...

placed order for phone it arrived on time. but it is refurbished has water damage and screen freezes up cannot answer calls some times as well.This phone was sold as new condition and is far from that!

I'm so disappointed in how long is taking for the phone to get here, i placed the order on wed the 11 plus i paid 9.99 for the two day delivery and the phone is still not here!  so ill just have to wait how the phone looks...

This phone is very well built. It doesn't break easily. Its HD camera is great for video and photos. Its casing is made of a very strong material. Its graphic quality is excellent! This phone also has a very fantastic light on the back of it and its very good for dark places. Its sound is very loud and will alert you. It is touch screen. Its just the perfect size.One thing I personally like about this phone is that its has great sound quality makes it so you can hear what another person is saying while in a call. Another thing is you can play games on it. Some other thing I like about this is that it has LED lights so you can use it while in a dark place.I have had this phone for about 3  weeks and I have dropped it along the way. But it shows no scratches or cracks. I use this phone a lot and you can hardly tell if its even in your pocket. Sometimes I don't even know that I have it with me.A couple of things that you should know about is, That its very slick so it might fall out of your hand.  Second thing is that the power button is very sensitive so it might turn off when using the phone. This product is for people who want a good phone.  Also its for people who want to have a great experience with gaming.

Best CELL PHONE I've owned, more features than anyone could want and they all work.cannot go wrong with the nameINCREDIBLE.

The Phone looks to be ok but the battery was bad and I have to get a new one.Not real happy about that

this is a prepaid phone and was my first smartphone. I had no idea how to work it. but all features were easily figured out.  no problem with  setup. I would recomend this phone

I purchased this phone for my husband to replace his that was torn up. It has not worked right since day 1.  6 months later it completely died and will not even turn back on.  It wouldn't send texts right and if he tried to get on the internet it would flash between different screens.  It acted like a phone that had been exposed to water before we ever received it.  BUYERS BEWARE!!!!!!!!!

I received this phone as a gift from my fiance. I was super stoked because I had never had a truly good phone. This was the phone she had wanted previously as well. As soon as it arrived and was registered, I began to play around with it. It seemed to be doing great. Within the hour it started freezing. I have to take out the battery, leave it out for a few minutes, put back in, start again, and that only works sometimes. There are days that it takes HOURS for it to finally restart and function. The battery life sucks hardcore! My phone spends more time on the charger than it does in my hand! It's a great phone if it would actually work, but it doesn't. My fiance is disappointed as well! Can't wait to get a new phone!!!

Purchased this as a replacement phone for my son who has a propensity of cracking the screens on his phones (this is his 3rd phone).  We're happy with the phone so far and I was pleased with the way it arrived packaging wise and that it had a charge.  I was also pleased it arrived substantially earlier than it was originally supposed to as the seller upgraded the shipping method.  All in all, it was a very good experience with this purchase.

I am on my second Incredible and have been dissapointed. I tried the first and had trouble with the call quality. People really couldln't hear me well. I chalked it up to a bad unit so I got a replacement. The call quality is better but I still get a lot of "What did you say?"s from the people I talk to. I found it works best if I use a Jawbone headset with it--then it's okay. But that's an expensive fix for bad engineering.

The phone was a great bargain and came in a timely manner. The pictures will not save however so we are trying to solve that problem

I needed to upgrade my original, with all of the options out there, it can be confusing. Everyone is screaming I Phone. Why??? The THC Incredible RULES.

I got this because of the phone plan I was going to use. My daughter picked the style and the price was right. Haven't had any problems.

This was cost effective and if fulfill the need I had for an android phone.  Unlike any other I checked this phone does what I need and well.  Had to change the battery to the extended with hard cover to be better functioning.

phone arived early, works great  have it on prepay verizon ,best phone for the job,lot of acceseries otter box has good cases

We've had our phones for about 18 months into the 2 year plan.  It does take a beating well and have had not trouble with calls/texting.One phone was dropped in a bowl of milk.  Put it in ziploc veggie bag (has air holes) and uncooked rice for 24 hours.  Phone still works and takes pictures.  This phone has been dropped multiple times from either falling out of clip on hitting on door/wall when walking by.2nd phone hasn't been damaged as much but is starting to do few weird things.  For example, when click on home icon to switch screens, it sometimes takes a screen shot with the camera.  Also sometimes when want to turn screen off but not phone will push button and will ask if want to restart or turn off.  Weird I know but nothing that major.  Also have dropped once and landed on base of lamp on the screen.  The screen protector had a bump in it but screen was completely fine.When originally got the battery wasn't great so upgrade to extended battery which is better.Definitely like how well the HTC phones are built and will probably get same brand when time for new phones in 6 monthsl

worst phone ever just got it and it won't turn on just keeps looping in reboot mode hoping I'll get a refund  tomorrow  don't get this phone

Never will I purchase any merchandise from this company again. I ordered the HTC Droid on October 13th, and returned it to Cellphones-4u due to it not staying powered up. Prior to returning to Cellphones-4u, I tried a new battery and even took the phone to a local cell phone store. I was told the phone had a problem with its main system board. Mailed back to Cellphones-4u for refund or replacement as per their request. I never received either a refund or cellphone. Finally called Amazon for assistance. Cellphones-4u told Amazon I agreed to settle - which was a total untruth. I called Cellphones-4u and told them they were fraudulent, and I didn't appreciate their dishonesty. Then, Cellphones-4u told Amazon they never received my phone. I had confirmation of return shipping and receipt numbers. Just received refund today from Amazon, after a lengthy investigation from Amazon. October 13 until December 15th to settle this case. Amazon was great!! The seller receives a zero.

Was forced to buy a non contract phone so I did what everyone else does went on amazon picked out what I thought and read was a good used phone. First call I made and every call since then has to be on speaker because the speaker that is used to hold the phone to your ear does not work and battery dies out with in hour and half had smart phones before with batteries that lasted longer than that

Good phone for Page Plus service. I've had it over a year and it works very consistently. It is user friendly and has good speed for internet searches and apps. I particularly like the voice text feature. I don't type fast, so I like speaking my text messages, or for navigation, or web searches. Liked it so much that I bought the same phone for my teen son.

I purchased this phone after using a Motorola Droid X for a short time.  I really liked the Droid X, but it had serious battery/shutdown issues.  I sent the X back and purchased the Incredible after reading much about it on various phone review sites.  It received very high ratings, even getting a Cnet &#34;phone of the year&#34; rating.The phone is very fast, has a beautiful display, and is super easy to navigate.  However, the battery life is dismal at best, even though i realize smartphones are battery killers.  The battery life gets better if you shutdown all network data and wireless internet functions, but still goes down rather quickly after a few texts or calls.Another thing that was disappointing is the signal strength.  Granted, I live in a rural area, but Verizon has good coverage in my area.  It has been rare for me to see even 1 bar on the screen while in my area.  Of course it gets better once I get closer to towns or cities, but I can't remember seeing full bars yet.  I don't know what the answer is--I've even toyed with the idea of those &#34;antenna booster&#34; stickers that you place inside the phone or battery cover.Other than that, I really like the phone, and will keep it as long as it doesn't get worse :)

Yes I'm very happy with my new phone. The price was great & Verizon gave me an unlimited plan within my budget.

INCREDIBLE!!! No problems, no issues, one of the best phones I've ever brought and totally satisfied with my decision on purchase.

I love the HTC phone,simple to use. Great phone.I would tell people I bought it on Amazon.any thing that is bought, on amazon is  replaced if you don't like it or something wrong,they make it right.

Works well excellent! Im enjoying every moment of it. No problems so far. I Am looking for a cover though.

It's an easy to use phone, but the battery life stinks.  It is also finicky about chargers and gets hot while charging.

This is amung the worst phones I have ever owned it sucks the battery doesn't charge right and the storage is even worse my apps force close because of the phone not the apps  and they won't download due to "not enough storage" yet I have 356mb left.

I love the way it feels and never slips outta my hands. I have dropped my phone a couple of times and no damage at all to the phone or cover!

The phone arrived in two days!Just a bit disappointed that the phone manual wasn't included but I appreciate getting it so quickly because my mom was having issues with her old palm pixi.

PROS: At the time of release, it was the best of the best. Fast CPU, clear AMOLED screen, and HTCs superior hardware configuration.The 8MP camera is STILL a great spec for a smartphone camera, and it has a great picture and video capture ability.CONS: Like all technology, it needed some upgrades notably a dual core CPU and a bigger screen. Also, replaced the Froyo OS!!!The droid incredible 'S', 2, and 4g are basic incremental updates to this phone and they are still viable smartphones in late 2012.I purchased a HTC droid incredible thru Verizon wireless's CPO program in October 2010, after it had been release spring 2010.I had a few clear intentions: I wanted a certified phone due to the cost and the fact I knew these phones were as good as new.I believe the price w/ 2 year contract was $99 for two phones. My original phone was great, and I had it "rooted and ROM'd" runningSkyraider 3.5 which at the time was one of the best replacement Android 2.2 roms. I subsequently drowned that phone, andit was replaced with another CPO phone. I again gained root privileges and customized the phone to my needs.Except by this time, Verizon had released the Android 2.3 OTA update. I found a suitable de-bloated version of this OTA and installed it. This phone along with an inexpensive 1900Mah battery that I purchased from a USA seller on 'that auction site' had a long life.However, with the dawn of 4G LTE speed, the larger 4.xx size screens, and the desire for a faster CPU led me to upgrade.But HTC hit a homerun with this phone, probably never to be repeated. It's highly recommended as a 3G smartphone esp if you ROM it!Some of my favorite DINC roms: MIUI, Skyraider 4.x, Cyanogenmod version+, and the ones based on stock gingerbread.

Phone appeared to be in good shape and came with new looking battery and charger. Powered up OK and all was going fine until the display screen timeout function turned the display off. Could not get the display to come back on using the power button on top. I could see the power button was working because the Home, Menu, Return and Search buttons would light up below the screen.To get the display to come back on I had to remove and reinstall the battery. Tried to find settings that may be affecting the functionallity of the screen timeout, but after having to R&R; the battery several times to recover from screen timeout, I determined the phone was defective and returned it.Not sure who did the refurbishment on this phone but I ordered one from another seller that is supposed to be &#34;factory&#34; refurbished. Hope that one works as it should!!

I ordered a HTC droid incredible from seller K&K reality. The phone arrived within the timeframe listed by amazon/seller. The phone did not work at all, it would not boot and just continually shut itself off. I consulted with a seemingly knowledgeable person at a verizon store who told me it wasn't a software problem. Included with my phone was a piece of paper asking me to respond to k@k reality directly so they could address my problems if I had any. I did so and recieved no response. I contacted them through Amazon and again recieved no response (this all occurred months ago). I forgot about it, took it as a loss and bought another phone and I am satisfied with it. Yesterday, I recieved a hilarious email from kk reality requesting and I quote, for me to "PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE" respond with a positve review if in fact I had a positive experience as Amazon is reviewing their account. I never write reviews and did not want to type away and complain. However, this the only problem I have had when purchasing anything from amazon. I understand buying used items is risky.  However, the fact that I was just ignored by the seller and the email they sent begging me review their item is the reason for this scathing review. If I were able to give them negative stars I would as I am in the red around $100.00.

Love the features and worked great initially. After one week the camera stopped working.Reset the phone to manufacturer setting, did not fix the problem. Try to use camera andthe phone freezes until restart. I returned item for refund.

I had bought this phone in replacing my old scratched zio phone,it was a nice feel I had already connected it with my number after 3weeks and it suddenly broke not physically but technically it kept rebooting and the lense on the back had fallen off and I had to super glue it together and I guess it had pealed off.i guess I just got a bad sell

We got it running in 30 min it was not we had it look at from Verzion store and they told me to get my money back it wasnt going to work. So now Im out of a phone.

I have another one that is why I ordered a second. A good phone that is reasonably priced. The Incredible is just that.

GOOD AFTERNOON GENTLEMEN I wanted to get information about your phone: HTC DROID INCREDIBLE Android Phone Black UNLOCKED AND YOU NEED TO WORK WITH AND FREQUENCY 900MHZ 2G and 3G ... IF YOU HAVE TO SUCH SPECIFICATIONS PLEASE ANSWER THE MESSAGE

I bought this phone for my wife and she loves it. I have an HTC Trophy, but if I were going to have a Droid phone this would be it. There are some bad reviews for some refurbished phones of this model, but this one was brand new and has none of those issues. Everyone I know that has ever had this phone and got rid of it wishes they had it back. I know there are faster (4G) phones out there, but this phone and my Trophy are excellent phones that do everything we need them to do. I think that HTC overall makes good devices. Just try to find a new one.

Picture this...Early Christmas morning the family gathers around the tree and the kids are ripping open their gifts.  My daughter broke her phone over the summer so we ORDERED a "REFURBISHED" one FROM THIS SELLER, wrapped it up, and she opened it with glee on Christmas morn.  We were elated...she was ecstatic...all was right in the universe.Some hours later we call Verizon to activate said phone, only to be told the PHONE was STOLEN and CANNOT BE ACTIVATED!!!!!  To say that we were dumbfounded would be an understatement...A total let down for our daughter and us on Christmas.  Nice...real nice.Selling stolen phones on Amazon is ____ ___ (fill in with profanities of your choice), and as far we are concerned THIS SELLER SHOULD NOT BE TRUSTED...at least not with "refurbished" phones.  Save yourself the disappointment and hassle of calling Amazon to report an issue, schlepping to the UPS store, and returning the paper weight (um...I mean phone).  Go directly to your wireless phone vendor and get one from them.If there was a way to give this seller and this experience 1/4 star...that would be too much.Merry Christmas...thieves.

WARNING !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE I PURCHASED THIS PHONE THE OTHER DAY IT WORKED FINE FOR ONE DAY!!!!!! THEN I WAS GOING TO MAKE A CALL THE OTHER MORNING AND LATER DISCOVRED I COULD NOT MAKE OR RECEIVE CALLS DUE TO THE FACT THIS PHONE IS DEFECTIVE THE ANTENNA IN THE PHONE WILL GIVE YOUR POOR SIGNAL YOU WILL USUALLY HAVE 1 BAR YOUR LUCKY TO GET TWO BARS SO I CALLED VERIZION WIRELESS AND THEY TOLD ME THE PHONE IS DEFECTIVE I'M REALLY PISSED OFF!!!!!! I WASTED $187.00 OF MY HARD EARNED MONEY.  TAKE THIS ADVICE AND EXAMPLE AND DO NOT BUY ANY PHONES FROM AMAZON THEY WILL TELL YOU THE PHONES ARE NEW BUT THIS PHONE CAME OUT IN 2011 SO IT IS NOT NEW THEY ARE VERY DIS HONEST AND I WILL NOT BE DOING BUSINESS WITH THESE LOW LIFE LOOSERS AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!! MY BEST ADVICE IF YOU WANT A GOOD PHONE AND YOU ARE A VERIZION CUSTOERMER  BY FROM THEM IT MAY BE COSTLY BUT IT WILL SAVE YOU SOME HAR ACHE AND PAIN IN THE LONG RUN. MY BEST ADVICE ON BUYING A PHONE WOULD BE THE LG ALLY IT IS HAS A 1500 MAH BATTERY WICH WILL LAST FOR ONE SOLID WEEK ON A FULL CHARGE. NEXT UP WOULD BE ANY MOTORLA OR LG PHONE.

A great buy for my son who lost his phone...again...it beats buying brand new from Verizon which means you renew your contract for another two years.

Maybe if I could get the phone to stay on for more than 2 seconds it would be great, however that is not the case.  I am giving it another chance by ordering from another seller but this one was crap.

The major concerns are that the phone was under new, not used. When ever you get a replacement phone from Verizon Wireless they are a &#34;like new&#34; which mean used or open box at least. The phone should have been advertised as used. Also because I had ordered the wrong model phone, I had to return it, I got hit with a 30% return fee or &#34;restocking&#34; fee. The big companies pull this stuff, but it shouldn't be accepted for a used phone!!!

Even though this phone is a few years old it works beautifully. I can play the games I want, and my apps run smoothly. Also love the quality of the camera. Very satisfied with my purchase.

the phone works great,showed up on time, and was new as advertised. However it was not made clear that this is a droid incredible VERSION ONE. Im sure this is part of the reason for the low price, however it made buying accessories more difficult.

I got this phone this past week because it was time for me to join the smartphone generation. It is a lovely phone that I am enjoying learning more about. One word of advise. When I got the phone I immediately entered my contacts, about 30 or so. And then I tried the wifi. Phone was not able to scan for wifi. For the next few days I googled, youtubed and went to the Verizon store to try to solve the problem. I finally reset the phone which is not difficult to do if you have to do it. Expect that it erased all my contacts. I got my wifi but had to re-enter my contacts. Not a huge problem because it was successful in what I wanted. I advise that you check the wifi before you wear out your fingers typing all those names and addys!

Got this phone for my husband after his broke. Although it is a bit smaller than his previous phone, he has found it works really well and meets all his needs. Phone was as described, professionally packed and arrived quickly.

It not serve my purpose, I thought I could use my sim card from Simple Mobile with the cell, but that was not the case. Money wasted.

Battery won't last longer than 30 mins off the charger. The phone is in decent condition but disappointed with the battery I received.

I broke my phone by accident and got a perfectly fine upgrade for 1/2 the price. It even included extra battery and cover.

the unit showed up sooner than we thought.the item is working fine.  will order a droid 2 next time

This phone was nice but would not connect to the internet once it was activated and so had to return for a refund.

I really like this phone, my only problem with it would be that the charging port is not very good. The charger does not fit very well because the port on the phone seems to be a little loose. Other than that the phone is great and the shipping was fast!!

I was nervous when ordering this phone since I have always gottoen my phones from the Verizon store but have had no problems.  works great.  real happy.  received on time.

Awesome phone, light and comfortable. J bought this cell phone for my sister and she loves it. I'm glad I bought it for her!!!

I purchased this phone for my dad as a replacement. Once I received it, I fell in love with it myself. I didn't want to give it to him. But it is a great phone.

that disappointment with these mobile phone does not strip the other flash Ubiera told me these telefonino k servian but not buy it and leave it alone and that's experience served ningono buy

Since I was still under contract but too poor to replace my phone, which I gave to my daughter when hers fell into water, I researched used phones. I was hoping this one would hold me through until next Fall when I can upgrade. My only concern was that the 3g would be slower and the battery would be poor. I must say that this phone e is so wonderful, that I am happy to have given away my newer Samsung. The concerns I had were unfounded, as my battery fully lasts a day and a half with normal use (I do not live on it though). I use it to fill in my gaps when I am not at home using my tablet (Nexus Google...excellent tablet). The 3g is just as fast as what I had experienced before with my other smart phone and the sensors on the screen make the touch navigation quick and pleasant. I am overjoyed with this purchase and with the professional service of my seller.

Went through 3 of these in 3 months because it was just one defect after another.  I was trying to get by purchasing this phone until I was eligible for my upgrade with Verizon since my LG phone was barely functioning (as in it wasn't even connecting to make phone calls anymore), but this phone kept randomly shutting down (all 3 of the ones I got) and there was just a myriad of other problems all along the way.  The day I was eligible for my upgrade, I went out and got a new phone.  Oh, and the random reboots that occurred every night at about 3am and lasted for about 10-20 minutes (continuous reboots) with no explanation or way to make it stop.

Purchased the phone for my son and it never would charge correctly.  I liked the phone but just had problems with the charging.

Terrible battery. Lags all the time. System update never works. Had to reboot it 5 times... only reason I gave it two stars is because it is better than my old blackberry. Can't wait to get rid of it.

It was refurbished i believe but the speakers didnt work well and when you called someone there was a buzzing sound. Dont waste your money

it has the basic necessities for a phone:-data/charge/usb-3.5 mm jack-touchscreenI like it runs android.  phone operation is smooth and fast.  As a motorola droid owner the past 3 years, this makes motorola phones seem like slo motion.crisp screenandroid systemsome neat features that were not on droid, droid 2 or droid X

honestly, ive had my share of bad phones, but this one topped my list... about a week and a half after i bought it, i got anextended battery because the batery life sucked, when i tried to turn my phone on, it got stuck in a reboot loop. now the phone is completly un-usable ! total waste of my money, dont buy it...

This review is a bit late. I was new to amazon at the time and this was my first purchase. This phone was terrible! I got it and it didn't work and shut off right away, contacted the seller with ease through amazon and then had to pay out of pocket to ship the phone back and be without a phone. The seller then said they were sending back a new phone after trying to replace just the battery and after it was not the battery the phone they sent back was the exact same phone. After contacting the seller and him having an attitude of sorts and denying it was the same phone I gave up on trying to resolve the problem. The only thing positive I can say is that the phone worked after they &#34;fixed&#34; it for long enough to use it until I got an upgrade. Wouldn't purchase from this seller again though.

No front facing camera and no option for a signature for my messages...constantly freezing and cutting off by itself as if its refurbished ;( when it suppose to be brand new

. I got the phone for my son. say he is having difficulty with the applications, could not delete still learning the phone

I was disappointed on the size. But it works great and it is a great phone. Touch Screen and Clarity.

Purchased the phone without the Verizon contract due to our company having a business account.  The phone arrived in two days and works as advertised.  Only issue I could evcen think of is that the USB port for charger is not in as good a shape as rest of the phone and one has to be careful when plugging it in.I would suggest to anyone to look at the vendor and his products in the future.

It was a good phone up to the point of the screen locking and then unresponsive to touch. Tried to reload everything back to factory several times which didn't even fix the problem. Lost all pics and data. This occurred only a week or so after purchase. Ended up sending phone back

The phone I ordered said it was refurbished but it wasn't...the touch screen doesn't work but on only half of it...it was not up to par...am very unhappy...

Battery life sucks Pretty bad. But works in a pinch. Get what u pay for. Meh. Coulda been cheaper in price.

Slightly older phone but for the price cant be beat. Had to buy a new one when my son lost his Nexus and this fit the need as a replacement without breaking the bank.

The rubberized back is peeling off and the screen jumps. Not satisfied and would not recommend this phone to anyone.

Not a user friendly phone at all. When you call someone it will call the back several times. This has happened to at least 5 different people who used the phone. It has very short battery life. Phone heats up if you talk more then 5 minutes . Carry your charger wherever you go.it doesn't have a quick search for contacts. Don't buy this phone unless you're desperate like I was . I have no other phone so I can't even return it. I used to think when I ordered anything from. Amazon it would be decent . I don't feel like that anymore . What's happening to you amazon.

This phone is horrible. Problems with it after 6th months. System problems, wouldn't load apps. Ran very slow. I will never buy a phone online again

heyy  friends, you buy this phone, you could tell me where I put the sim card, not appear anywhere. thanks

I bought this phone when it was released 2+ years ago. Had poor reception right out of the box, usually one bar, in my house where my Palm Centro (you read it right) got 2 bars in my house. Kept hearing about people having reception trouble but I was hoping future software upgrades would fix it and the reception issues stayed the same. Fact is the phone's functionality worsened with the latest software upgrade back in July and several days ago, my phone went into the rebooting frenzy and would not stop. Tried removing the battery, SD card, kept it off for several minutes then hours, overnight and nothing worked. Took it to a Verizon store and was told the software is corrupted and my phone is now a useless 'brick.' After reading posts after posts about the issues with this phone, I'm having second thought if I should even buy another HTC "smartphone" again.

phone is unuseable except for making & receiving calls. A verizon store checked it & said the home button is malfunctioning so the screen changes constantly. Unable to text or get vmails.

I have had an incredible for many months.  I like it so much I bought this one for my legally-blind husband. It is much better than what he had before, and he can listen to audio books on it, too.  Win-win!

The phone was not even new, it looked used. Overall very slow, non-durable phone. Would not recommend to anyone, definately NOT A GOOD BUY!!

great this is the phone thaT we were looking for......wanted to upgrade the  old verizon phone  ....will continue to order

It works for me.  I use it obviously for a phone, for email, texting, Twitter, Facebook, Words with Friends, camera, as a PDA.  I got an extra battery, but I really do not have a problem with the battery.  Perhaps with a day of heavy use.  I just got it because of the reviews about battery life.  I even have the live wallpaper, which does not seem to affect the battery life.  It is not the newest phone out, so I am sure there is better, but to buy a phone to be contract free, I love it.

To me it was best smart phone on the market, when it was first introduced. I sure have enjoyed mine. And it takes GREAT pictures. I'm going to order one for my husband ,soon. I'm a SATISFIED CUSTOMER !!!!  :-)

I received this cell phone two days ago and I have already experience some difficulties with the phone. The next day my phone ran out of battery so I  connected the charger to my phone. My phone still does not turn on. I don't know why, the charger works fine, but the cell phone itself does not. I tried pressing the power button and the volume button at the same time to reset the phone but it did not work. I will like to receive a replacement for the phone or a full refund. Thank you.

Bought as a replacement for the one I already had.  It took quite some abuse, as I am not that gentle with the phones.  I also bought the OtterBox Defender Series Shield for this new one.. works quite well together.  Three of us in the family have this phone and really like it a lot.

This product came to me and I was excited. The first day after activation it was great... After that it was all downhill. The phone kept saying I had to delete all apps in order to send messages. And then, when I did that... It just stopped working all together. This phone was the worst purchase ever made... I'm mad that I can't even return to get my money back. It's sitting on my counter collecting dust.

The HTC Incredible is a great phone, I've had it over two years and it's been bulletproof with great capability. However, mine recently died, so I ordered a replacement from Ross Cellular. Not only did it take its sweet time getting here, but they sent the wrong phone. A small sticker with tiny writing denoting the package as containing an HTC Incredible smartphone was affixed to a big, light blue box prominently emblazoned with the Motorola Logo. The box contained a Motorola Droid 2, which I'm sure is awesome and all, but not what I wanted or ordered. On the plus side, I did an online chat with Amazon Customer Service, and they (Richard) were awesome. He found a replacement phone backed by Amazon, and had it to me in less than 24 hours. Pow! On the downside, the phone (from Cell Phones Cheap) was DOA, so I just bit the bullet and added a service plan to my Verizon bill, and I will be exchanging the phone with them (overnight) for one that works.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. I have had it since the release date in April 2010. I don't plan on getting a new phone as of August 2013.  I will think about it at the 4 year anniversary.Pros:FastSmall (fits in pocket)great battery life (still get 24 hours+, typical in the past for me was about 48 hours, mild usage)great buy, haven't shelled out money on new phones every year or two.Cons:Had low memory warning, it is irritating.  Solution is to always move applications to the SD, all of them.  You never know what one is going to create the error.Hands down though this is absolutely the best phone I have ever owned. All my friends that have owned one say the same thing. It is a rock solid phone and should be put into the mobile phone hall of fame.

When I plugged the phone into the charger I was sent it didn't work to well. I had another of the same charger and it is fine now I think it is more of a design problem with the type of plug in rather than the phone I was sent.

don't buy.

This was a great phone for the first six months or so that I had it until the new Android updates came out.  Then the phone wouldn't update and had problems with the touchscreen locking up and pressing its own buttons.  The phone refused to live anymore during trying to install the new version of the operating system, so Verizon sent me a different refurbished one because I was under warranty.  The new one did not have any issues.  This had the potential to be an awesome phone, it has a snapdragon processor that allows it to MOVE, much better than some of the rival phones released around the same time. I was quite happy with its abilities until it started having problems with the new Android updates.  Spend your money on the Incredible 2 if you can, it has world phone capabilities and a front facing camera that this one doesn't have.

I loved that phone, I was able to do anything on it sense I am always on the move daily

I wouldn't recommend giving this phone to a single soul on earth after all the grief it gives me every 5 minutes of the day. At first the phone just shut off once every so often thought its an android phone they have glitches it's just how it is... Wrong it progressed after a month to the battery not working so I replaced the battery once (hoping it'd so.ve my problems) ... And again still the same issues... afer buying a second replacement battery same problems again. The phone continues to shut off at least three times an hour on average maybe even sometimes 5... The phone has very many glitches that require a restart constantly also but mainly it just shuts off. I tried restores, factory resets, and everything else online that should fix my problem. Still no fixes. I can't even hang up a call without taking out the battery it's rediculous. Never buy this phone piece of **** got scammed out of $130 I learned my lesson... Return this phone as soon as possible before the month warranty goes up. The phone most likely was defective and they resold it as is considering its not even in retail packaging. Never again will I up from this seller they lost future sales from me.

I purchased this phone for my husband, his first smart phone. It did not take long for him to learn how to use it. The only thing we wish were better, is the battery life.

Was as described in the details. My phone was here before expected date. Good phone and good service :0) The phone's internet  is a tad slow, but I'm assuming it's because of where I live (BFE). Other than that I have had NO problems.

I have to take the battery out to work cause it sticks im going to return it not happy with it only thing good was it was delivered on time

Hi. I've had my HTC Incredible for just over a year now.  When it worked, it was pretty cool.  The battery lasted a couple days, the functionality and apps you could download worked pretty well.  But inside of the 1 year mark of owning it, it all went south.First, the battery died.  Over time, it would last less and less until finally it just up and died and wouldn't take a charge. Fine - I bought an extended battery that worked well.Then, the charging jack broke.  That's the little port on the left side of the phone.  Won't take a charge, won't work for copying photos/music to and from the phone. So, along with buying a battery, I bought some (cheap) external battery chargers and some more batteries.  It works OK.  Still can't get more than 24 hours of use from a battery (god forbid you actually USE apps on this thing - they KILL the battery).Next, the power button died.  I can't turn it on and off.  I have to click it a million times to hopefully make it activate the screen.  I certainly can't put it to sleep anymore, and I've accidentally called people because of this.-In summary, it's just not well-designed.  I didn't even mention that I had to re-boot the phone because I could no longer get the "marketplace" app to work.  That was a HUGE pain in the butt.-When the iphone 5 comes out, I'm switching.  I'm done with these shoddy impersonations of what is simply the greatest phone out there: the iphone.

I got the phone it was in great condition I did have a problem with the phone. I contacted the seller and they emailed me  promptly and by the next day were sending me a replacement without getting the other first and promised a credit for my troubles!! Great people and would buy from them anyday!!!

first phone worked for awhile but service was great when it had to be returned, and the second phone has been working ever since would buy again

In a small office, we've used the Droid X, HTC Rhyme and Thunderbolt (which has a terrible battery) but surprisingly enough, the Incredible has been the most reliable performer !The phone has been fast, the screen has been sharp since we've had it, the battery has been great too! I'm kinda surprised that the manufacturers didn't stick with these internal components.

In a small office, we've used the Droid X, HTC Rhyme and Thunderbolt (which has a terrible battery) but surprisingly enough, the Incredible has been the most reliable performer !The phone has been fast, the screen has been sharp since we've had it, the battery has been great too! I'm kinda surprised that the manufacturers didn't stick with these internal components.

The description listed this phone as new, but upon trying to activate it, I learned that it was in fact a used phone. I still like the phone, but would have appreciated  little honesty in the marketing process along with a price break that accompanies used merchandise.

First off il say the phone did get to my house quickly. Thats the only good thing. I got this for my girlfirnd, when I opended the back of the phone to put the SD card in I noticed the red paint chipping away in many spots. Then I go to charge it and find the charging port on the phone is so worn the cable just falls right out. I turn the phone on and it says I need to update the phone so I do. The phone resets as it should and now the phone will get stuck on the red load screen till you hit the center button. Now after I have updates a message pops up saying my phone is unstable and the only option to choose is "Im feeling Lucky" so you hit it, now just about everything force closes even when u make a call it force closes. I have ordered many things from amazon with really no problems. And im not new to smart phones had them all. This one was such a piece of Junk I had to right a review and send it back.

this phone is stupid, it shuts down, black out and delete every thing on the phone that you put on it, When you are switching to different wireless service. I HATE IT

I bought this as a quick replacement for my phone that my toddler put in a glass of water.  It was used and it came to me with a virus that deleted all my contacts. It also wont let me get on the internet. Very unpleasant experience!!!!!

I just received last week. This cellphone works good in page plus prepaid plan till now. Recommend this smart phone with basic functions.

I loved this phone when I got it, then about a year later I started getting messages that I was low on storage. When I check the storage availability on the phone, I am using less than half. I've learned there is a "glitch" in the system that will entail an entire system reboot, thus I will lose everything on my phone.Unfortunately, syncing to outlook is virtually impossible. I can sync from Outlook to my phone, but not the other way around. I primarily enter information into my phone, then sync to add the data to Outlook, which basically does not work. So in order to do the necessary reboot because of the "glitch" I will have to manually enter all of my data into Outlook, rendering my phone useless.This phone is awful; I highly regret it.I am up for a new-every-two in a few months, I will not be getting an HTC.

The phone, while having nothing physically wrong with it, was not all that I expected it to be.  I had it for a total of 18 hours before I had to go to the Verizon store and buy a new iPhone 5.  Yes I understand this phone was a bargain, but it didn't even work! It continually turned off and the morning I activated I was only able to text until 12PM because then it just shut down, but it would let me have access to Facebook and twitter but not texts/calls?! Also, I obviously was not using my phone hardly any from 9AM-12PM because of being in classes then with it not working and it died by 4PM. All in all, I was not satisfied with the product.

i was really excited when i order this phone. However i received it and used it for 3 days so far and the battery ;life is terrible!! i never had a phone that dies within 3 hrs and having not even used it! i suspect i was sent defective merchandise i will be returning it asap!

Great phone.  Everything I need.  Just not 4G but still streams well.  Very happy with my purchase.  Would buy again.

The phone is fully functional and isn't scratched on the front or anything, so it's perfect if you are looking for an HTC Incredible.That said, on the back cover of one of the phones (I bought 2) the shiny plastic "HTC" logo was missing the HT, so I pulled out the C and it looks like nothing is missing. One of the phones came with a wall adapter for the USB cable, and the other did not.As for the phone it's self, it is a bit outdated so some newer apps may not work, but it is quick and outright awesome. I would look up more thorough reviews if you aren't sure if an Incredible is right for you, but if it is, then this is definitely the one to buy.

the battery life is not good at all.

Had to return the phone being that it's not supported in my region, the phone does not support AT&T SIM card.

but the charger doesn't fit into the port and doesn't charge the phone.  unfortunately i returned it. but the phone itself was great.

d0es this phone work with any sim card? is it unlocked to any network? i want to buy this phone it looks grate i just want to make sure its an unlocked phone so can anybody please help me out here?

it was awful.the internet on it doesnt work.and also the phone is easily losing its shape it is just perfetic

Phone is great and it was a surprise for my husband. I have been trying to get him off his flip phone and now i have success. It took him time to learn to use it but he now loves it. Grandkids are happy to because he will text them more than before. LOL

Good chance I would like to know about making a change phone because CDMA does not work in my country, I wonder if you can send a phone with GSM technology and what the procedure would be to return

this phone was a waste of my money, and it will be yours too if you buy it, It is slow outdated and more than half the time does not work.

It didnt work. i could never get it to turn on after charging. it is dead as a door nail..i never got to use it at all.

i tried to convince my bf to get a different phone but he stuck with this one and everytime he learns something new about he say my phone is better then yours lol he is nuts

I got this phone to replace my Motorola Razr 4g phone.  Yes...I went backwards.  I broke my Razr, and luckily had insurance that covered 'stupid', so I was pleased to have it replaced...until I realized the insurance/phone company gave me a crappy refurbished Razr which was worse than having nothing.  Thus I elected to buy this HTC Incredible to replace my replacement Razr, as it was cheaper than paying the stupid insurance fee again.  Even for a 3g phone, I am very pleased with the speed, features, and smootheness of animation.  I honestly can't tell a huge difference in 3g vs. 4g, and honestly like it better...even though its a 2+ year old phone.I may have made a mistake when ordering though, because I did click on the link for &#34;9 New from $xx.xx&#34; and was expecting a new unused HTC phone, as I paid the price listed for a new one.  My phone did have obvious signs of use (meaning a few faint scuffs etc)...however I can't be sure it wasn't my mistake when ordering, so I still gave it 5 stars...just as a warning for others that may make the same mistake, make sure the description says new in box, unopened, etc if you are want a NEW phone.

I simply love it I have had it every since I went.to the hospital and I was messing around with it and I just loved it. It don't freeze it crash and I love the auto focus on the camera. Love love love it!

The Droid Incredible is not a really good phone. Well, that's what the marketers tell people. The Droid Incredible is a phone from Verizon wireless that is just horrible. It's supposed to be the best on the market. But on mine apparently isn't. I have had to reset the thing a million times. To be exact, I have reset it 5 times. Every time, I lose everything! I hate it. Now I can't put a lot of stuff on my phone because I know I am going to lose it again probably. I personally wouldn't get this phone. It isn't worth the $350 you pay.

I bought this phone last spring and of had nothing but problems with it,,I have had 6 phones in the past 9 months,,They stop charging on me so i take it and they give me another one,,then it happens again,,My advice do not waste your money or time with this phone,,

It was slow. It froze all the time. Now it wont even turn on. It freezes and restarts, gets to a certain part and freezes, then tries to restart. It did this for over an hour before I finally just popped the battery out. Tried turning it back on, same thing!

Have had phone about a week. Bought it as a backup phone. Going to keep it as my main phone and use my other phone as backup. Everything about this phone is better than the droid phone I was using. I'm not a phone expert but this is definetly a keeper for me so far.

This phone had a mind of it's own. It would do things while lying on the desk.  It drove me nuts so I returned it for a different manufacturer. It is to bad because I like the size.

I loved the phone when i first got it. it came brand new and even with the original screen protector on it. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the charger quality. the phone came with a USB charger and a wall charger. first of all, the USB charger was defective. when i plugged it in it just kept switching out from charging the phone to not charging the phone. the regular wall charger worked perfectly fine until i had the phone for about a week. without warning the charger just stopped working on me. now i have to use a blackberry charger because it has the same charger import as this phone. OVERALL, it is a great phone. at first it was slow which is understandable because according to when the phone was released, the phone had been sitting of for 3 years. it kept freezing  a few times a day for about 2 days because the phone had so many updates to install. IN CONCLUSION, ALTHOUGH IT MAY COME NEW OR USED THE CHARGERS MAY NOT WORK AND WILL PROBABLY STOP WORKING SOON AFTER YOU START USING THE PHONE. AND IT TAKES A FEW DAYS FOR THE PHONE TO &#34;SETTLE IN&#34; AND WORK PROPERLY

The phone was In okay condition not very good like stated. The whole time I was using it, it shut down 50 times a day on me when ever it wanted to. The seller said they fixed that problem. Very disappointed and waste of my money.

I bought this for someone as a first smartphone experience and they loved it!  It has been a very dependable and great working phone for the past 3 months now.

can anybody tell me, does this version works on any sim cards. or it need to be a client of verizon?

This phone broke after two weeks. It wouldn't keep a charge and now one of my sons Xmas presents is broke after spending 80.00

HTC INCREDIBLEWhen I got an HTC Incredible I was so excited to use it! I never let it out of my sight, and I took it everywhere I went!  But then exactly one week after I got it, it would die in only six hours! I would go to school with a fully charged battery and come home with a dead one! This same exact thing also happened to my friend.  We both think it's a good looking phone, just not a good working phone.If you are looking for a good phone just to take pictures and call with, this is still not the phone for you!  The camera works great, but nothing else does.  If you are looking for a phone just for looks on the other hand this phone is great! Black on the outside with a red inside, and a good looking camera with two lights for the flash.  So unless the only thing you want is for a good looking phone don't get this.In my personal opinion I will never buy another smart phone that isn't and I phone!  This phone freezes constantly, dies super fast, over heats all the time, and you can't hear while you're talking on it.  The price is very expensive for a phone like this.  Therefore if you are looking for a good working phone this is not the phone for you.

Wasn't impressed the speaker was messed up when I got it but other than that it has been ok but I cant really listen to anything without using headphones

While I am happy for the unexpected upgrade, the description on the phone said htc incredible. It is actually an incredible 2. I had already purchased phone covers for the original incredible. Now I have 5 phone covers I cant use :(. Also, it came with the wrong phone charger. The charger that was sent with the phone is too big to use. Thankfully, it fits in my husbands charger. Also, personal texts, pictures and phone numbers and also personal account info was left on the phone.. Luckily, I am a good person and erased everything.

Got the 1st phone and within a week is was not working properly. Phone would shut off on its own and while i was trying to surf the web or send a text ot would do the heptic feedback and start flipping screens. Called the company about the problem they were easy to deal woth and sent a new one right away but the 2nd phone did the same thing. I do not reccomend purchasing this style phone.

like the phone, but sometime i lost the signal and it is very hard to make call for along time that is inconvenient for meso yes and no...

It was on time...and made a little girl happy...Thank you for being honest... We need more people like y'all in this world

I purchased this phone for my son as a Christmas gift. He was not eligible for an upgrade so I decided to take a chance on this rather than pay the $400 for a new one through Verizon. I was never able to get it activated. We spent two hrs on the phone with tech support and was told that the software was outdated and would not allow it to be activated. They suggested we take it to a Verizon store. Another two hrs waiting, only to find out there was nothing they could do on their end either. They were nice enough to get my son a different phone free of charge. I'm sure the problem was random, but my son had to wait three days to enjoy his Christmas gift.

I bought this phone through Amazon for my son after his other phone stopped functioning and it it is a great little phone for the price. We had to get it reset for it to work properly, but he has been able to use it reliably ever since. I would recommend it to anyone who wants an easy to use smart phone.

This phone can't go more than two hours even on standby without being on a charging source. Now, to be fair, it IS an older model phone for todays apps and I DO run a good many apps on it. The memory could be better (more) since about once a week the battery needs removed and replaced to unfreeze it, but it does have it's good points.1. It was inexpensive. It's an older model phone with 3G connection rather than the 4G of the newer phones, so the price is a bit less.2. The display is surprisingly clear.3. It's relatively fast in processing the apps installed until it freezes.4. it's not big and clunky, yet not too small to be productive. I got this one for my girlfriend as a replacement for a flip phone and to keep the cost down until the contract allowed for a newer replacement. The smaller screen size allows it to be a little less cumbersome to carry in a pocket or holster than my Razr Maxx, which tends to dig in to my side while driving if it's in the holster, or not fit in a pocket with the Otterbox Defender on it.This thing was good for the reason I purchased it, but had there been a better deal on a newer model phone that has better battery quality, I'd definitely go with the newer generation of phone.

Like the phone and it was what I expected. I would recommend this to my friends and to my family.

The phone itself works fine however the battery life on it is terrible. If you are actively using your phone throughout the day you will need to charge it at least twice.

Only issues were with the microphone failing. I've also never had a droid but the app killer doesn't take care of everything so the battery is constantly drained with constantly running applications.But I pay 29$ a month through page plus and I love this little phone. Has trouble with my SD card but works great with my RSS reader app. Not bad but slow.

After years of a flip phone I decided to get my son an upgrade... Hope he doesn't blow it with my data plan

Very good phone, with lots of features. Battery life seems a bit weak. call quality is good. Screen is very nice. Overall a pretty decent phone at a great price.

I bought this phone to replace my windows phone but the battery dies, the phone freezes, and it will turn off randomly it works for what I need but I will not buy another one

I have had my Droid Incredible by HTC for about 8 months, and my overall thoughts are this: Well I love the size of the screen, its not like those stupid 5 inch screened Galaxy S3s. I also really like the easy-to-use interface. Some things I don't like about the phone: Well when I wake up in the morning and unplug my phone, I turn it on and the batter percentage say 100. After about 10 minutes (the time it takes me to eat) the percentage is down to 93. I think that since this is the first Incredible, it doesn't really matter anymore, but I think they should have integrated a larger battery. Second, the scroller wheel at the bottom I really don't like! I only think that HTC put that there to make the Incredible look like an iPhone.  I'm always accidentally sliding my finger on it and changing things. P.S this is a touch-screen phone so I don't think that the scroller is even necessary. Overall, I really like the phone but the problems I just stated, won't be solved on this Incredible but I'm pretty sure they have already solved them on the newer ones. So if you are gonna spend 120 for this Incredible, I would pay a little more for the Incredible 2

Dealer sent me an inactive phone. It took 8 days to receive. When turning the power button on it would start up and immediately turn off. Not happy.

I realize that this is an older product so this review is meant for those who need a replacement phone without a contract or just would like to have a back-up sitting around. I have only been using this phone for a few days now but I couldn't be happier just to be connected with the world again. I broke my phone a year off of my next upgrade and I wanted to buy a new phone from amazon to avoid ebay.Pros:CheapLightStylishNo contract requiredVerizon recently updated the OSCons:Smaller screen than I'm used toSlower than I'm used to (What can you expect with a 3 year old phone)Thick (Once again, it's a old phone so I can't complain)*Phone did not come with the 2GB sd card. There was no sd card included at all which is odd as the manual states that there should be a 2GB card already installed. I am using the 16GB card from my broken phone so it isn't a big deal for me but others may need the &#34;included&#34; card.

The phone arrived quickly and activated on Verizon.com with no issues using MEID HEX number underneath the battery. I placed the order on a Thursday and it arrived the following Monday. The screen is in "like new" condition - no cracks or scratches. The phone overall is in excellent condition. Great deal!

This phone does everything I need or want. It was easy to setup and call quality is fine.It is large enough toeasily text.I got this phone so I could switch to PagePlus service.  At $12/mo. I get 250 call minutes, 250 txt messages, and minimal data (10 mb).  I simply set the phne data off and use wifi only.If there is any problem it is battery life.  So, turn off wifi and bluetooth and it is much better.Battery life is no problem it you use this as a phone only.I get all the features of an android phone for $12/mo. without the expensive data plan required every other cell phone service provider

When I received the phone I thought it was in good shape, but I have immense difficulty when it comes to calls. I can't hear people and they can't hear me. Half the time the conversation is, "Can you hear me now?"I won't even get started with the battery. Go ahead, turn off the Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and turn off syncing. Download a battery saver. Download a task manager. It doesn't matter, at the end of the day this phone will be dead.

This came exactly as described! No scratches (that are easily visible). Phone works properly! Overall a great phone to get me to my new phone upgrade in a few months.

Never did I think I'd find a phone I loved....I just did. Excellent phone. I'd recommend it to anyone, and the seller was very prompt.

This phone arrived and seemed fine.  Within two weeks the screen went black and was inoperable.  I went to my local Verizon store and they said they had seen this before, it was a hardware problem. I am in the process of trying to return the phone and get my money back.

There were a few issue with the phone when I received it and  when I acknowledge the probelm they sent me a new one and I mailed back the old.  Awesome to know that if there is a problem they will fix it right away. I have nothing but good things to say.

came with the water marker already pink, so i'm almost positive it was refurbished and i am absolutely positive that i ordered a brand new htc phone not refurbished , i don't recommend it.

Product met the expectation, overall. It took some adjusting as it was a downgrade (slightly smaller and slower, etc.) from the HTC I2 previously owned, had the components (data option, camera, ample storage space, a load of desirable options, etc.) most wanted in the product.  The power button is in the spot that is normally where you would hold the phone especially while taking pictures, readjusting is needed to prevent accidentally turning off the phone (the I2 corrected this).  Has some of the same port problems that HTCs are somewhat known for and was the ultimate nail in the coffin for my prior phone.  This one's working best to charge in the horizontal position versus stand-up; Also, a cheap and efficient battery charger has been purchased that charges the battery by taking it out of the phone and placing it in the charger to decrease ware on the phone's charging port.

The phone had multiple software problems and would freeze up during normal operation..  Not a good deal at any price.

Very disappointed that I was not told that I could not get google play store on the phone.  I gave this phone to my niece for Christmas and she was very disappointed that she could not download anything because there was no google play store app and we could not download it either.

Overall the phone is good.I don't know if it was the phone or me, but the battery dies very quickly.

I have had the Droid Incredible for a little over a year at the time of this review. I believe that I have a good "feel" for this phone now that I've used it for a while, and my summary is that I don't think it deserves the title "Incredible". To clarify my review, I am reviewing both the phone and the operating system (Android 2.3.4 on my device). I think reviewing the operating system is applicable because HTC has its own custom flavor of Android installed (HTC Sense) and that plays a part in how the phone functions (or not). I'm also using it on a prepaid carrier. Here's my breakdown:The good:1. It's a smartphone that runs Android which has a lot of free apps versus the competition.2. Voice quality is good, I've never had a problem with this. It's a phone after all!3. It records HD video.4. This is a smaller Android phone than others so it is more portable. It fits in my pocket nicely.5. Standby battery life is good if you turn everything off like data, wi-fi, etc.6. I like using my phone as a navigation device, and this phone has standalone GPS which is great. No need to have a cell signal/data connection if you use offline maps.7. 3.5mm headphone jack.8. Flashlight (I use it more than you think).The bad:1. Freezes WAY too often. This is my main issue with the phone, and I would give it another star if this freeze issue didn't exist. Freezing once in a while and having a reboot solve the problem is one thing. I'm talking about the phone freezing and then having to reboot several times before the phone decides to work again. I'm at the point where I'm afraid of turning the phone off because I will have to reboot several times until it decides to stop freezing. Trust me when I say I have done hours of research on how to fix this, and tried all sorts of tricks, with no success.2. Battery life drains quickly if you have connections like 3G enabled or watch video. My opinion about battery life is that you should be able to leave your data connection on all day and not run out of battery. This is actually rather common with a lot of older Android phones so I can't fault the HTC Incredible too much, I just live with it. My main gripe is that my "smart" phone is a dumb phone when I have to keep data and other services turned off most of the time so I can get through the day without recharging. I can't use features like voice search or voice text or push email without having to turn the data connection back on (because I'm conserving battery again). The push email works if you "manage" your battery, meaning you have an app turn on your connection every so often.3. Has too little phone memory and application data storage compared to how much storage there is on an SD card. What I mean is that I am using a 32gb SD card, with 25gb of free space left. I still have over 6gb of internal storage because I install all my apps on the SD card. However, I only have 99mb of phone memory left and 33mb of application data storage left. What this means is that I get a "low space" notification and can't install new apps or even update some of the larger apps on my phone (which by the way are all on the SD card) without uninstalling something. Again I have done tricks like deleting all my texts, killing apps, clearing the cache etc which frees up space but it still doesn't solve my "low space" problem.CONCLUSION: Overall, this is not a bad phone, but the "deal killer" for me is that the phone freezes a lot. I can adjust to things like low space or short battery life, but a phone that freezes even in the middle of a phone call is not good. I want to like this phone, and kind of do, but HTC could have done better with a phone named "Incredible".

Upon update this phone went down and never came back....even with reboots and wiping it clean....nothing. Everytime it froze on the start up screen.

I've had my HTC Incredible since December 2010, and after 2 full years, it's still going as strong as the day I got it (as of December 2012). I think it's been a long enough "trial period" for me to finally write a review about it.This was my first "smart" phone, and I am really impressed how long it's lasted. Honestly, it looks and works exactly as it did two years ago. Sure, the screen gets fingerprints like all smartphones, but this phone seems to have a natural resistance to scratches. I've had no need to buy any extra protective accessories. The rubberized backside I'm sure is a major reason why I rarely drop it. Also, it is one of the few smartphones these days that still fits comfortably in one's pocket (measures 2-1/4" x 4-5/8").I've gotten to know this phone pretty well. I can easily unclip the back cover and take out the battery or access the microSD card. A few months ago I upgraded the card to an 8GB--it installed automatically without a hitch. When I'm not listening to mp3s, I often listen to the radio--whose reception is based on the size of the headphones you clip in.As for the battery life, it takes some management and some common sense:1) all cell phones boost their output power in response to a weak signal from the cell towers. If you're out of range, just go into airplane mode (by holding the off button for 2 seconds).2) If you're indoors turn the screen brightness down. HTC has a built-in widget for this setting. Just add it to a home screen.3) Use Wi-Fi instead of 3G internet. Many people don't know what a huge difference this makes. Using Wi-Fi uses a small fraction of the power that 3G uses. It is counter-intuitive, but connecting via Wi-Fi (where available) actually helps extend daily battery life. There are HTC built-in widgets to toggle both Wi-Fi and 3G on/off.My phone can remain on for a couple of days if I just carry it around to check the time, which I think is on par with other phones of similar size. Android has had auto updates over the last couple of years that I think help the phone run more efficiently.Here's the bottom line: This phone has gotten me through my two-year Verizon contract. It still looks great, it still holds a charge very well, and still does everything I need it to do. What more could I ask for? I didn't know much about HTC before, but I am pleasantly surprised. They've earned my trust with this phone, and I'll definitely consider HTC again for my next phone. I am eligible to upgrade now, but I think I'll hold onto this little guy a while longer while I enjoy the rest of my unlimited 3G data plan while I can.

I like the HTC brand. This phone did not disappoint. User friendly set up. Battery is pretty good. All this phone would need to be perfect is a front facing camera.

the phone work pretty good but i have been having trouble keeping it charge fully got a new battery and it still not keeping a good charge but overall its a good phone

I ordered this phone for my husband. I have the exact same phone. We both like our phones very much. It does everything a smart phone is supposed to do: download music/ringtones, go online, etc. I would recommended getting an SD card though for more storage capabilities.

Had to charge it every four hours..... I only had the phone for a month and my battery died.... pieces of s***

I like the phone, it is a nice size and easy to use.  Also found a case that fit perfectly.

the phone worked great for 2 weeks but now doesn't hold a charge, constantly glitches/switches programs by itself and doesn't let calls/texts send or be received.  overall, disappointed with the product.

This phone has been the best smart phone I've owned... BUT After about a year now it is extremely difficult to turn on the phone now w/ it's turn on button! Still works perfectly fine, but I'm highly considering buying a cheap smart phone to get me through the rest of my contract. Yes I've dropped it a few times and it has held up through thick and thine, but if you are like i am and drop phones every now and again, this phone may not be for you.

Had for month if that and screen cracked. Was texting and it just cracked right down the middle. No Buenos.

Did not end up getting this phone from amazon. I tried, but the first one came in broken. was not handled well by breed. however, I do now have an incredible and I am not disappointed. don't get me wrong, there are much more sophisticated phones out there, but this one is excellent for its price. it also a lot less shoddy then the newer low tier smartphones you can get at this price.

I bought this phone with high hopes after reading some cnet reviews.  I am pleased so far but had to use a different cord to charge the phone.  The cord that came with the phone is bad and would not let the phone charge.  I tried charging it overnight to see that it didn't work in the morning.  I read somewhere that the cord might be bad so I switched to a different one and the phone finally took the charge.  It really is disappointing that the cord was bad right out of the box.  I hope the phone continues to work.  I like the features but was stressing out about it not charging.HTC should spend a little extra on the phone charger rather than buying cheap Chinese crap.

The item just last for 2days because of screen problem the phone is on but can't see a thing on it screen

The phone came in looked good, worked good. But only after a week or so, it started freezing. Powering up and down on its own got a hard reset done. But the problem got worse:/ be careful when buying.

I was so excited for this phone, the phone itself is amazing, comes with everything thats promised.just one problem, ITS STOLEN, i cant activate it because its on Verizons BLACK LIST

It worked. But the person didn't mention you couldn't do anything other than talk. I couldn't download anything on the phone

I love my phone.  It was just what I thought it should be.  It is easy touse and the pictures I take are very good quality.

Phone is junk looks good but its junk. It jump from screen to screen got stuck with a good looking phone. But it jump screen to screen.

I ordered this phone from Applewireless as a stand-in until I can upgrade to an iPhone.  Applewireless was easy to deal with, the phone appears to be in good condition (though whether it's actually new is debateable), and I was able to activate it on my regular Verizon Wireless (not the prepaid wing, the regular one) account.The phone itself is just so-so.  It's slower than my old phone (HTC Rhyme) and tends to freeze if you ask too much of it (switching between screens/tabs, opening and closing apps rapidly), but I am thinking that for the price then it's fine.  You will probably be frustrated with this phone if you're used to having a nice smartphone, but it does the job.  I would recommend this phone to someone who is in my position and just wants a phone that will last 6-8 months, but I am not sure that I would recommend this phone for long-term use.

I previously left feedback about this phone from iCellPhones. The phone worked fine, but the battery would not work and was incredibly beat up. I had to order a replacement battery and have yet to even be able to use the phone at all. The seller named "Miles" emailed me and ask to fix my problem, which was great! However, after not being able to reply for two days, Miles from iCellPhones took my personal number and text messaged me about fixing my problem and removing my negative feedback. While some may think he was trying to go above and beyond to help me out, I took it as a ridiculous attempt to remove negative feedback. I do not appreciate having my number used for text messaging-- especially at the end of the month. Not only did I have to jump through hoops to get this phone working at all, I also had to pay overage fees through my cell company for the 4 text messages I received. Ridiculous.

I choose this rating because I do love my new Droid it is fun learning and the thing it do is great. Thank you for having such a great shopping store.

I bought this thing used as a replacement after I took my iPhone swimming with me. It is a piece of crap. Many current apps do not work with it. It won't connect to my University's secure wireless network. Coupled with the incredibly weak cell signal--I often won't get cell service when many of my friends with verizon do--this is extremely annoying, because it essentially means that when I am in a University building I don't get any internet.However, by far the worst thing about it is the charging port. Whenever I go to plug it in to charge, I have to jiggle the cord in the charging port for on average about 5 minutes before it connects and charges. Lately, it has taken to spontaneously stopping charging during the night, so I'll wake up to a half-charged phone. This is ABSOLUTELY INFURIATING to have to do every single time you want to charge it. This problem is only compounded by the abysmal battery life (about half a day's worth, if you are regularly using the internet or checking email or whatever).It has gotten to the point where I am just going to blow $100 on a new iPhone 5C I am so fed up with this POS.

Nice phone. Was afraid it would not be in the shape that it said it would be online. When I opened it, it was in better shape. Easy to use. Had a couple problems with it freezing, but other than that like phone very much. I don't even think I am going to upgrade when I can. Will get phones from amazon again instead of paying cell company prices

It has never worked since got it in mail, it is 2 year old phone is broken internally, and the case sent never fit the phone either. Thank you!!!

Hi, greetings, a question: This phone is unloked? Thanks for your answerHi, greetings, a question: This phone is unloked? Thanks for your answer

its been a good phone so far its my first smart phone great phone to learn on till I can upgrade

The screen is too touchy. The phone has to be rebooted and it looses signal too often , where other phones will hold the signal in the same spot. It's ok, but I really wish I had not bought it.

My son had an Iphone 4 but busted his.  There is 4 months until we can upgrade so instead of spending $150 to fix his phone, I figured I would get a new one for him for $70.  He loves it.  He likes so many of the features better than the Iphone.  It was a little hastle calling apple and removing his phone from Imessages so he could get text messages again but other than that, it has been great.

Bought to replace my lg vortex 'so far so good great features and camera easy to use and  unit is small which I like for my small hands' good value good upgrade

love this phone. I have had it for almost 3 years. It's cheaper to replace than the insurance deductibles. Fast too.

I like this phone but the thing is the speaker was busted I couldn't hear what people where saying but overall I think this phone is okay.

The phone is ok. It gives me a few problems and freezes up some but it works pretty good for me.

Good phone, good size, provides what I need.  If someone calls I don't always hear them or they can't hear me.  Not sure if that's the phone or service.

After researching phones, I decided that this would be a good first phone for my young son. It was easy to set up and he is enjoying many of the features.

Am very satisfied with this product.  With deals like these, why enslave yourself to your carrier for two years?  Buy non-contract!

Phone is in great working conditon. Ive had this phone about a month and i have not had any issues with it. I would without a doubt buy from this seller again.

Phone came promptly and in close to brand new condition. The previous users settings and some pictures were still on the phone but it was easy to reset. The phone did not come with an SD card which wasn't a big deal but it would've been nice to know that rather than being surprised. Other than that phone works great and I am really happy with my purchase!

This cell phone is a great starter phone for an 11 yr old couldn't ask for anything better. And I have an iPhone but sometimes my daughters phone gets better reception then mine

This was my first smart phone and I love it, I am going to by my son one for his birthday it is such a good phone for the price

This was a very bad purchase. The phone would not hold a charge.  It required multiple charges a day.  Even after a full night of charging the phone would die just a few hours later.  I have already gotten rid of this phone after only two weeks. It appears I am not the only one with this complaint.

Im blown away at how amazing a phone thats this old is! I came from an iphone 4 that i got at the beginning of the year and im never going back! This is my first htc phone and i freacking love it! Its fast, the screen is amazing quality, and it truly is incredible!

Do NOT buy and HTC, I cant stress that enough. I did not buy one from amazon but felt the need to warn people. While the phone does work and do most things they claim it to do it is not without faults. First off HTC is known for realeasing updates that completely ruin your phone thier "gingerbread" updates are crap. Right from the get go i was made aware that HTC is known for faulty software that kicks on the low memory symbol and slows down your phone even though your phone is no whare near max capacity. Thanks to there "gingerbread" updates i lost text messaging use for over a month. I ended up havin to use 3rd party software to get this back so i can text. Only to have the next update from HTC kill my talk and text service. And no its not just my phone, look up all the issues on The HTC Droid Incredible they are all junk and when ya search further youll find every phone HTC makes is total garbage. This company doesnt care about its customers just thier money... DO NOT BUY AN HTC... I cant stress that enough

We are still learning to use all the functions of the phone.  Very satisfied with the phones performance, but the operator's performance needs help.Very satisfied with the purchase and would definitely recommend this phone.

Not the newest phone out there, but bought this to have a phone for my second line. I don't have many complaints, its hard to compare to my other phone on my main line, and iphone 4, its definitely more advanced. but this phone works well and I missed the abilities of having android

I ordered this phone for my son and the battery will not hold a charge at all.. I have powered the phone off and let the battery get a full charge and before my son can use the phone, the battery is completely dead and phone will not power on.. I would not recommend buying from this seller. I see a lot of other reviews with the same issue I am having..

My phone came within 3 business days. It was brand new as expected, Verizon worked really well with me for getting all my info backed up and transfered. Have to charge it twice a day but whats new, with any phone. First time buying a phone outside carrier. Saved like 400.00. I'll do it again in the future!

The phone is way too small and has a really old operating system.  I definitely will be finding a replacement or just reactivating my old phone.  Very disappointed.

My phone arrived quick it works great I woulld recommend this phone and company to anyone I just love it.

My phone arrived before the promised date. I have had no problems with it at all. There are very little scratches on it, I was surprised. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for a good phone.

I pre-ordered this phone and got it the day it came out in April 2010.  Since day one it has been a reliable phone that gets strong signal here in Phoenix.  21 months later I upgraded to a new dual-core, 4G phone only because I got the upgrade for free.  I was more than ready to stay with my Incredible for even longer.  The phone wasn't perfect and there were 2 clear downs to it.  The first being the brightness of the screen.  It was not very useful outside.  This was common in all of the 1st generation AMOLED screens.  Second, 3.7" is the absolute minimum screen size for a usable phone.  The phone I switched to is 4.3" and there is a noticible difference.  That said, the phone never gave me trouble.  It could play all early generation games, was great on WiFi and 3G alike, and came with a sturdy Sense skin from HTC that I loved.  On the extended battery I got an easy 18 hours of battery life, which was more than enough.For someone looking for a way to make a cheap entry into Android smartphones, picking up one of these used would be a great idea.

It worked ok for a while- a month maybe. Since I have had nothing but trouble with it. It's the biggest piece of s*** phone. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!

sent the old phone instead of a new one. The charger does not fit. No headphones. sent a box from another phone.

The phone is horrible! It barely texts. The battery dies every day. It was a Christmas present for my son, so we ordered it early. Christmas was after the 30 day return/refund date. I didn't know how bad it actually was until just last week. It was supposed to be an unused phone.

This is the second phone i have purchased, and the phone has went out plus when someone calls u can not hear them, getting ready to send it back

Zero stars, this is the second one that broke right away.  This phone stays up all night saying "DROID" OVER AND OVER.

Its a very good phone and works perfect. I wish that it was plug n play with the pc but you have to install the drivers for it unlike Motorola Droid 2 which is ready on the go. It also lacks the data  and battery save feature that the Droid 2 have witch makes me want to go back to my Droid 2.

A refurbished model yet working beautifully. This is much better than the brand new Samsung phone I had purchased from the Verizon store.

The phone is great but without an operating manual included and the directions to find the manual leading to an expired page, many features are not going to be fully utilized.

My son goes through phones faster than I go through underwear.  This one came in excellent/ like new condition and very easy to activate.

Absolutely terrible phone, you have to change settings to prevent it from boot-looping (where it frustratingly just keeps shutting down on it's own). It crashes endlessly, it crashes if it gets hot, cold, turned upside down. Just don't buy it, it's not worth it EVEN FREE.

Phone works but the battery needed replacing. A new battery was not provided. There was also a chip of plastic missing from the phone in the corner. Although its purely cosmetic.

This phone should have never been sold. From the first time I turned it on it continually rebooted. I search for solutions and tried everything to fix it myself but no luck. Luckily I can return it for a refund but I wouldn't buy used from this seller again. It was a waste of my time and the product should have had the most basic testing before it was resold. I'll probably lose my shipping cost for the privelege of recieving a worthless phone.

this phone is a pain in the butt. don't download to many apps or you'll have to reset it back to factory settings and loose your phone number and have to get it reactivated all over again. also you'll have to deal with it going slow.  sometimes the phone freezes and turns off by itself.  drop it once and the camera stops working drop it again and magically the camera works again. -_- also it may slide by itself and press buttons by itself. the battery also dies quickly and you can't use any other battery other than the one meant for this phone. same thing with the charger. if you use a different battery the battery will bulge and soon explode. if you use a different charger your phone will be charging literally all day and never get fully charged. :( this phone is only good if you don't want alot of apps. but the phone is still not worth it.

Had problem with first phone but replacement works super. Great display but not cumbersome.  Reception through verizon has been outstanding.

I bought this phone as a Christmas gift. I was so happy w/the price, and the delivery time. Gave it to my daughter early, because her phone wasn't working at all. Less than 24 hours after I gave her the phone, it wouldn't charge or turn on. I sent it back, and emailed the seller to make sure we would get her replacement before we went home for Christmas. I was told they would send me the replacement on Monday. Instead, Late afternoon Monday, I get an email that my card was refunded. In which, I don't yet see the refund on my card. Not happy with this sale at all.

This phone arrived in no time at all.  Great quality does just what it is supposed to and it was at a great price too!

Phone was ok but couldn't go back from a 4G windows phone to a 3G.

I  purchased this phone after I  dropped and cracked the screen of my Samsung3 (still  had 6  months remaining until I  could upgrade). This  phone was a  huge disappointment. It  was very slow,  dropped calls often,  and did not hold a  charge very well.  I  ended up going back to my broken phone until my upgrade  became available.  The only good thing about it was its  compact size.

It's a good little phone. Smaller than I thought. When I first opened it and activated it the phone had problems. It wouldn't do anything or respond to anything. After I charged it fully and finally got all the updates in it the phone seems to be working great now. No real complaints other than that first day I had it. It's a great phone and really happy with it for the price I paid for it.

Has decent memory and worked great till my boyfriend dropped it in the toilet. Just avoid water and you'll be good.

The phone arrived on time, but within one week it started having problems.  The phone will freeze when plugged in and the only way to un-freeze the phone is to take the battery out.When I contacted Amazon to see about a replacement, they stated and I quote: &#34;Yaggna:Since Amazon shipped the item seller will not be able to help you with the replacement, Jessie. 11:42:23 AM&#34;When I asked about Amazon taking responsibility to have the item replaced they said: &#34;Since the phone was sold by seller, I'm unable to send you a replacement.&#34;So in the end, what Amazon suggested is that I return the item and then buy second phone.  Someone, either the seller or Amazon needs to take responsibility and have the item replaced.  I went to them to have the assurance that I would have a working phone.  It did not happen.  I was unable to get any contact information for Dealscaly, so I can not say if they would have helped me, but I would not suggest buying from Amazon or any seller on Amazon.

Bought this because my 4G committed suicide after the warranty but before the upgrade. It was delivered quickly, in new packaging, just as advertised. Took maybe 10 minutes for Verizon to activate it (you might need to do in person, I could not do over the phone), a couple updates and it's working fine. No doubt 3G is slower and there are limits on how many and which apps you can run efficiently, but careful use of wifi and limiting use to key apps make it a worthy fill-in phone, maybe a first phone for a kid.

After getting nearly 3 years of good use out of my iPhone 3GS, I decided to try out the incredible. I was switching from att to page plus, so I couldn't bring my att iPhone over. Reasons I returned the incredible after 1 week of use:1. SHORT battery life: my iphone used to go about 48 hours on a full charge. The incredible went about 12-16.2. Closing internet tabs: I wasn't able to figure out if this was a defect in the phone or if the incredible was actually designed to do this. While I could open new tabs and switch back and forth in one Internet session, once I moved on to another application and returned to the Internet, all tabs except the one I was last using we closed.3. Unsolicited vibration: for the life of me I couldn't figure out how to turn the vibration off when dialing a number. I got it turned off while texting and everything, but I searched that phone through and through and couldn't turn the vibration feedback off when I dialed a phone number. I was about to throw that phone against a wall!4. Lost photos: this was the final straw. After a day at the beach where I took 80 photos or so, I got home and the photos were gone. Gone! At first I assumed I had accidentally deleted them, but my husband looked it up online and turns out it is a common glitch with the phone. I restarted the phone and the photos returned. Glad to have the, back, but the fact that they could so easily disappear scared me!!I returned the phone and tried out my dad's old incredible 2 (not really any better) before deciding to suck up the cost and get another iPhone. SO WORTH IT.

the phone honestly suck it came to me with a bad battery and to top it off days within getting it the camera stopped working and the charger it came with stopped charging it and having problems even charging it very upset with this purchase

The phone was practically brand new. Exactly as stated. No scratches,fast internet browser and apps .works great. shipping went as expected.

At first everything worked fine but when I started turning it off and on it will never turn on. It's like It would start over wen I try to turn it on

I recieved this phone as a present its completely cute. Everyone thinks I got an iphone because it has its similarities, but I dont want an iphone for a reason.Pros:Love all the featuresSmall CuteCons:Drains Battery fast (most androids do)

i recieved the package back in july 2012, needless to say i am not a happy custumer,problems with the phone and battery from day one.

it doesnt work it turns off alot i dont like it !that was some waste of money ! &#62;:(

Touch Screen Doesn't Work Properly, Don't Buy I Need To Return This Trash. I Should Have Just Bought Socks To Be Honest

Soon as I received the phone, it was not working properly at all. The phone was very defective, I couldn't log into any of the software and I had to keep reactivating the phone and it still doesn't work.

This is the worst phone ever...it repeatedly and randomly reboots, it will not hold an app (displays the white/green droid even after redownload/install), drops my gmail account and music, and cannot take a photo without holding the screen down for more than 15 seconds...way after the event.I've had a few phones in my time and 'get' that all electronics are subject to aging or owner-abuse but this phone never ever worked properly. I do not recommend this phone and would give a 5 negative stars if it were an option. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! You will be sorry. I know I am.

Bought as a replacement for one my daughter broke. The phone had problems, over sensitve, occasional random acts, it was an older version as well.  Whether that was from a lack of info in the description or my misreading on my part I cannot say.  Eventually lucked into a good deal on another phone and this one was shelved after two months.

I am quite pleased with the phone. It works well and arrived earlier than promised. I was antsy about ordering since the same picture will also get you the less sleeker looking phone. This has given me a chance to leave the worst provider I've ever had & the most overrated phone ever. and return to the best provider I've had ever.

the phone was in great reconditioned shape, no problems with the phone, justs needs extended battery because standard battery doesn't last

Buyer beware here.  The phone might be great but I bought the "Like-New" from Amazon Warehouse as a valentine present.  Tried to activate it and Verizon said it was on the lost/stolen ESN list and refused to activate it.  I contacted Amazon and their service was simply abysmal.  They could not have cared less since it was their subsidary Amazon Warehouse that actually was the seller.  They offered to send me a return label to return the phone for "free"!  WOW, really?  You mean I don't even have to pay to return a stolen item back to the seller?  What a deal!  Happy valentines day!

The phone freezes all the time and the screen stops working properly several times a day. I was expecting a much better phone than what I received. Wish I would not have spent the money on this phone.

Unit was very solid and I have had no problems with it at all. Has a couple of scratches around the edges but was in very good shape for being used.

We've never bought phones online before and this phone was a really good deal.  We like HTC and are still getting used to the Droid.

I've Had My Phone for 8 hours and its already Froze 4 times. This is ridiculous, and a waist of time and money

I love the phone but...It turns off a lot on its own, deleted the pics I took with out me deleting it, and doesn't hold and charge for s***... I could just put it on charge it get to 100% then when I take it off of charge it dies ASAP....its a good phone but has problems...

I had the HTC Incredible for one year, which was several months too long.  Call quality was fair and UI was fair.  The main weakness with Android is that when Google releases a new OS version, it has to go to the vendor so they can tweak and then release it themselves.  This can take FOREVER.  The update to Froyo came fairly quickly, but soon there was talk of Gingerbread, Honeycomb, and even Ice Cream.  Well, HTC FINALLY released Gingerbread, and that was it.  Along the way, I encountered several software bugs, primarily with exchange mail.  I wrote HTC several times and they always came back with these outlandish "troubleshooting" processes.  The other thing was that HTC advertised that you could "make it yours"...FAR from it, guys !!  Just ONE example that aggravated the crap out me was not being able to turn off haptic feedback with the dialer.  HTC said that was designed like that in case it was in your pocket and you could tell if it was dialing accidentally.  SERIOUSLY, even if I did keep it in my pocket, it would be LOCKED !!  Got the iphone 4s, SOOO much happier !!

I ordered two brand new smart phones for my kids who had &#34;dumb&#34; phones previously. They were brand new in sealed boxes with battery and charger. After a few weeks one of the phones was having problems. I contacted the company who said to return the phone. Another brand new phone arrived within 7 days. GREAT customer service. Have ordered from them again. Have not had a problem with the new phone.

I chose this phone for my kids because they were ready to get a smart phone, but the i phones, used, were out of the budget. I ordered these phones a week before Christmas, and they were here in time! The kids loved them. they arrived in better shape than I would have guessed. Only had a minor problem with the charge jack on one, and they offered to replace it. We are very happy ordering thru Amazon, and will continue to do so from now on. Thank you for the great service. These phones are a great buy. Androids are trust worthy and dependable. I have an Incredible II and the original droid incredible is the same, but the kids like the smaller size to fit in their pocket,

Most worthless phone I've ever had, and I've had some garbage...

I purchased this phone so that I wouldn't have to extend my service contract for another two years.  I received it charged it up and transfered service; good to go right?  Not so much,  the phone wouldn't hold a charge and so I contacted the seller.  They sent me out a replacement to the same day; along with a return mailer so that I could send back the orginally at their cost.  The new phone came and things were ok but by the end of the second week the second phone was shut off, not holding a charge and freezing up.  I contacted the seller once to let them know that I was sending it back and it was not a problem.  The problem I had was with the phone only which was no fault of the seller.  I would not buy another one of these phones but I would use this seller again without question; their name is Celluar Direct and they are out of Michigan.

the phone freezes and doesnt keep a charge. i wouldnt recommend it to anyone i know..but thats just my opinion

I have this phone which broke after 2+ years of use, so I figure I'll get a new one, but I'm not sure the phone I got is new and it just has all kind of problems.... I got the phone and tried to charge it the first day, and after a full day of charging, the battery is still not full...The on and off buttom doesn't seem to be very responsive either.  But I finally got it working.  Then I thought I'll turn off the phone to charge it, maybe it'll charge better that way, but then after a full night of charging, the phone won't turn on.... I finally figured out that I had to take the battery out and then put it back in for it to turn on, this doesn't make any sense.  The phone still won't charge however.  Even though it shows that it's charging the battery, the battery never got pass half full no matter how long I leave it on the charger.  I would give it one star if Amazon hasn't been responsive in getting me a return label so that I can return this defective product.  However, it was so frustrating dealing with this phone, I need a working phone, and this isn't one.  So will be sending this one back....

So far SOo good. Had phone for few weeks now and its working just great, but I thought it had a slot for SD card, but it doesnt, correction....it does have SD slot on right side under battery cover.

very nice experience and the phone was all it was advertised to be.  I am very happy with my experience.

I bought this phone November 7th, 2012. Of course, it's too late now to get my money back! This phone started having problems within 4 months of purchase...... According to the seller, the phone was BRAND NEW in the box and when I received it, it appeared to be all in order. The only thing I use the phone for is basically phone calls, minimal texting, minimal emailing..... that's it. Too busy to do much else. The first thing to go wrong with the phone - the touch screen would become unresponsive and then suddenly be okay again. Then it would start randomly shuffling apps and icons across the screen, freeze and then start all over again.The next morning it would seem to be fine and then it would start going haywire again. Now it won't charge at all and it won't shut down/turn off. I have a strong suspicion that this phone was not new, possibly refurbished? or whatever they're calling it. I'm very disappointed and disgusted. I would not recommend this phone unless you purchase it directly from cell phone store.

Great product.  I was in need of replacing my old one and this one met my needs. It was even in better condition than I expected, and I received it earlier than expected.

Please don't purchase.  This is the worst investment I have ever made in a phone.  It is slow, battery life is very poor, it gets overheated often, freezes up more than it works.  I am constantly having to take the battery out to reboot, as it freezes when trying to restart from power button.  I would be afraid to be caught in an emergency situation, because it has poor reception and I am rarely able to place a call when I need too.  You get what you pay for.  It is not a bargain, because it is not worth the price.  HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED AND WOULD LOVE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK!!!

The phone works great, and does everything one would want a smartphone to do. I would strongly recommend buying one.

this phone was great I lovee it but the battery goes really fast if on internet for a bit but other then that it was a great buy.

After a month the only way I could call someone on my phone was by using the speaker phone and the camera starting malfunction.

Battery drains quickly without using internet. I have phone for less than a month and phone won't power up. I like the size of the phone and features. Battery life is a problem.

I got this phone and automatically the camera didn't work, automatically. Phone was in good condition, but I have NO way of downloading apps on it. They used some kind of software that did not include google applications... So no apps except facebook for me. Honestly I paid too much for it and expected more.

Had problems finding a phone that works on Page Plus. So I ordered this phone because I had one before on their network and I knew it works great.

I got this phone, used, because I broke my galaxy and I have to wait until February for my upgrade. Though it was an adjustment to go to a smaller phone, this phone was a good choice. It has many good features and find it easy to work through. Great camera for an older model too. I miss my Galaxy but this helps ease the pain a little.

perfect phone! I have ordered a few android 6300 and this one is the best one. Last one had to send back.

It's a good phone, as all Droids are, but the only problem I had is pretty much a fatal one: Keyboard dead zone. I could not type 4-6 keys regularly in portrait mode (1 at all). Did the generic troubleshooting (battery pull, factory reset, screen clean, etc) to no avail. Even purchased a new keyboard app and used a free screen tester, which confirmed a dead zone in a column around the &#34;Y&#34; key in portrait mode, which explains why unlocking the phone is difficult (I seem to use that column to drag down). Hopefully this isn't a recurring problem with most phones, will update when replacement from seller comes in the mail.

Got the phone almost 2 years ago. First thing I noticed: Really REEEEEEEAAAAALLLY short battery life. It eats up the charge like it's been starved for a century or two and it's been seated in front of a banquet. It was somewhat unstable, and then after one of the updates it would reboot randomly all of the time. Another OS update fixed that, but it was prone to corrupted data and random crashes for the rest of its life. At one point it crashed and then needed a full factory reset so I lost my data. Two days ago, it stopped receiving texts. Well, today marks another of the long string of problems. All of its core processes got stuck and then phone needed to have its battery pulled. When it came up, it lost most of its data again, and a good deal of its functionality is screwed up again. The built in web browser won't work, and quite a few other services crash. Looks like it will need another wipe. I don't even install much on the phone... I don't think I'll buy another HTC product again.

I had a LG Ally, and when I had a chance to upgrade to the Incredible for +/- cheap, I went for it. Nice screens and bells and whistles, but the phone sucks. Clarity is terrible. People's voices are muffled - I have to guess at the words from the general context. I get zero bars in my house, where the Ally (which went to the spouse) gets three bars. I have to go outside to talk on the front porch, at night, below zero temperatures! And the battery life is dismal. I hate it!

When considering to buy from this company, always remember it may take a while for them to contact you back if they do at all. I still have not talked to apple wireless, and I called them personally. Someone's voice mail answered it was clearly a personal cell phone. I am not happy at all. I am out of 90$ and I refuse to pay to send this phone back to them. This company should really make this right. I am a student I need a working phone. I am so sad.

After an initial call to Verizon to get the phone added so that I could activate it, it was up and running. I havn't had any issues with battery drain more than typical use. If I play games and talk on the phone all day, I'm guaranteed to have my battery run down, but that's true of any phone.I played with the HTC UI, but out of habit, I downloaded an alternate interface that looks glorious on the screen.There's plenty of room for my apps, which my previous phone didn't... But I still have a 32 GB sd card to hold everything.The only thing I need to get used to is the touch keyboard, but that's more of a personal preference as opposed to a downside of the phone.

Battery did not hold a charge. Replacement battery was issued and did not correct the problem. I was 2 weeks without an operational phone. I resulted in purchasing another phone from a local store and returned the HTC to cellular.

I'm not big on &#34;i&#34; this and &#34;i&#34; that.  So, this phone works perfectly.  Not too much; but just enough.

It is really annoying and you should be aware that the CORRECT data/charging cable to use is different than generic micro USB. Most people are unaware it is supposed to use a genuine HTC DC-T500 extMicro USB cable for proper fitment and to prevent damage to the data/charging port. From personal experience on this subject, (having bought a brand new Incredible in a sealed Verizon branded box that contained a generic micro USB cable) I can tell you that a standard generic micro USB will fit (sort of) and will probably charge, but even according to HTC, will over time will make the socket loose causing the cable to keep falling out or may damage the port.  Depending on where and how you buy, the DC-T500 cable may or may not be included.  I find it &#34;incredible&#34; (in a bad way) that HTC decided to do this on this phone and some others such as the Amaze 4G (which I bought used and has the same issue) and Jetstream tablet devices. It is very strange as this cable only fits a few of their products and does not fit standard micro USB ports. The good news is that the DC-T500 cable fits tightly and perfectly, is (as of this writing) available for purchase, in white or black, here at Amazon (search: DC-T500). You should do research for information about this issue, ask questions about the cable before ordering an Incredible, and decide for yourself if it's worth bothering with. If you can get past this issue, it's an affordable decent 3G phone overall. It's just not amazing, sensational, astonishing (?) nor is it, well, incredible.

The size of the phone is excellent.  Never liked the idea of a large phone.  The only problem is the camera.  It has on numerous occasions froze up on me, where the only way to fix it was to take out the battery.

This is a nice phone that works well, my only issue is that the battery does not hold the charge for more than a couple of overs, even when not in constant use.  I got  a new (used) battery and the same thing happened.

I broke my Samsung Galaxy SIII 3 months in advance of the contract upgrade.  I was looking for an interim solution and this looked like the best answer at a great price.  The phone works fine and came with a power cord.

The place I got it from said it was in excellent condition and it obviously wasnt. The phone freaked out all the time and I still haven't been able to get a new phone cause this company has put me behind with a crappy phone.

nobody buy this phone it is the worst phone in the world and it turns off and wont turn back on.

I've had this phone for about 15 months, or rather, I've had a total of 4 of these phones over 15 months. I received this phone as a college graduation present from my parents and LOVED it. I did my research, and decided to go with the Dinc2 even though the day I got it, Verizon began selling the iPhone. It was great.. until about 8 months later. The charging port stopped working. It would "charge" and then die within an hour. I brought it to the store and told them it was the charging port, and, instead, gave me a new battery. When I still had the same problem the next day, they ordered me a replacement phone.My replacement came and I was pretty happy. Verizon's total equipment coverage sends you a "Certified Pre-Owned" phone - and I didn't think much of it because I'd had a few replacement Blackberry's and never had an issue. That one worked well.. until the screen died in the middle of June. It literally just turned off and wouldn't come back. I troubleshooted in the store, and they made the decision to send me another "Certified Pre-Owned." Got that one, and it worked for a few weeks, until around the end of June when the phone kept turning on and off on it's own, making it almost impossible to use. Got another one. Then the new one started overheating. Sent me a new battery. Now, this FOURTH replacement (through no fault or wrong-doing on my part) is turning on and off on it's own and overheating every time I try to use it or charge it.I don't know if the issue is with Verizon or their "Certified Pre-Owned" program, but either way, I'm washing my hands of this phone. As I explained to customer support, I did NOT want a replacement phone sent to me because clearly I'd just have more problems. I asked them for a different option. They told me I could have a "comparable replacement" sent to me - another refurb. phone but one that is NOT the HTC Droid Incredible 2 (and pay between $30-$60 for the battery and back cover) or I could get myself an early upgrade (I'm not technically eligible until January). While I was tempted to upgrade to the Droid Razr Maxx - I decided to upgrade to the iPhone 4s instead. I feel more comfortable with apple products (I have a Macbook Pro, an iPod etc) and like that they sync across all platforms.I wish HTC had put just a little more time and effort into this phone. I loved it. I loved everything about the phone itself, it just seemed that I could NOT find a specific handset that would last. Adios HTC!

Easy to use and navigate.Hooks up effortless to home wifi.Phone reception not as good as old Samsung flip phone.Takes great pics.

I recommend this phone to those who need a smart phone but don't want to pay the high iphone price. I am still trying to get used to how this phone works ( as with any cell phone) but the one thing that I do not particularly like is that after taking five photos, the phone restarts itself.If i take pics as if I were going to attach them to a message then the camera is fine. Weird, but the phone is still good.

I was uncertain about buying a phone online, especially one I'd not really heard of before. I did my research, and this one seemed decent&#8230; and it has turned out to be so. I love it. It has a good battery life, it doesn't spazz out on me, it has a good camera, it's got a place for an sd card to expand the memory, you can download apps of whatever sort you want&#8230; it's a neat little phone.All I use it for is the camera, a few little games, the calendar, and calling and texting. For those few things it has held up excellently and I adore it to no end. It is my first smart phone and totally sold me on smart phones, when before I had been a complete Ebenezer Scrooge about anything other than flip phones.Naturally, be wary of buying phones online because it's so easy to get stiffed, but this particular phone was a good investment for me.

The first night I had this phoone, it kept going through reboot mode, I let it charge over night, sometime during the night it came on, the next day it was fine, that night it decided to go crazy again, I couldn't even get past the reboot to factory reset it ,  apparently this is an ongoing problem, Theirs so many problems with this phone, im really suprized they haven't recalled it.

The phone dragged. the camera lense was cracked. and had plenty of dents and scratches on it. ended up selling it for parts and kept my old phone till i find something better. would not recommend this phone to anybody or the seller

After two problems with phone, the vendor refunded my money without complaint. The got a Samsung Galaxy from local cell store, and it has issues too.I've learned my lesson: It Apple iPhone for me from now on.

Bought this just food using as an mp3 player to listen to music while exercising and biking and it does the job very well, over great media devices alternatives

This phone was received exactly as described and was a good price.  There are so many phones that I thought this was the latest Droid Incredible, but was only a 3G phone, not the new 4G phone.  The phone is sufficient for my needs and was much cheaper than the 4G phone directly from Verizon.

This was my first smartphone I have ever purchased. I was almost floored by how awesome it was. Ive played with alot of my friends phones, and they left something to be desired. Plus I got mine for a very cheap price considering the features I got with it. I bought mine used, and i was angry that my camera lens was cracked. But didnt affect the picture quality. Great value for the price.

another disappointing product from HTC.I bought a Samsung after the first 1 I bought and my husband also ended up with a Galaxy after his experience with incredible

Blanks in and out when talking. No storage and slow internet connection . Can't find many accessories. Battery life is low

I was so excited about my HTC Droid Incredible 1........until literally right AFTER the return policy ended!  Had nothing but problems from then on.  Even had to perform a factory reset at one point which seemed to help for awhile but was a major inconvenience.And just recently right after I took a call it shut down and then starting looping/freezing during startup and I've never been able to get it powered up again.  Which also means I will never be able to export any of the data since my last backup!  :-(Verizon rep wouldn't even bother checking the battery or SD card.  Nothing.  He simply said it was a bad phone to begin with.  Gee thanks.  As if I hadn't been telling THEM that for the past year and a half!  The least they could've done was replaced it a long time ago but they didn't even offer.  I should've pushed harder on that.  HUGE lesson learned.I'm not happy with the way Verizon handled the entire process in general.  So much so that I'm considering not going with them after my contract expires.I am really disappointed about the whole situation.

The phone was good when I purchased it 2 years ago. Fast forward to today after the updates that have occurred over the last 2 years. The phone is now running Android Ginger Bread. Since then I've had repeated low on memory issues which results in my e-mail not syncing. I have to constantly clear cache in my applications in order to clear the low memory warning. Doing this forces you to have to re-log into all your apps. Moved as many apps to SD card as phone would allow. The phone doesn't allow you to move the built-in crapware supplied by Verizon to the SD card. From reading the online forums there seems to be some kind of memory leak or log files that keep growing that consumes all of the phones internal memory. The only way to fix is root the phone, voiding any support or warranty from Verizon or any other carrier. This is a known issue that Verizon or HTC doesn't have a fix for. I'm not a fan of Verizon support. Standard answer for everything seems to be pull the battery. Looking for a new phone, something other than HTC. Maybe I'll go with an iPhone the next time around.

At the end of the day you really dont know one seller from the next you can do as much research as you want but it comes down to them keeping there word and in this case they have :) my wife had the incredible before but the lcd got cracked i tryed a self re[air didnt work so i came to mobile spree 3 words FAST, GREAT SERVICE,  Product was is excellent condition, the thing i liked the most was that a post card came with the phone saying if your not satisfied gives us a  call most companies dont do this. A+ in my book will be doing business with them again.

I will never buy a phone from amazon every again I was told this phone is like new with no problemsI can't use it its not like new its a refurbished phone from verizons insurance.company!!! It is broken and doesn't hardly ever work very upset I sent a message to the person I bought it from since I had a 30 day warranty and amazon sent me a message back they were no longer on amazon and not able to recieve.emails ! It's all lies and horrible service!!! NEVER AGAIN

I like the phone and i haven't had no problem . They r good phone and that is what I thank

It did not work well from day one it keeps on blanking out while you on a phone call and it freezes alot

Decent phone, good price.

The phone was ok initially now after just a few months I am having trouble with it freezing up when operating.

I have had the HTC Incredible for over a year now - it is a good Android phone. There are bugs with all over them and over the years I have seen a lot of the bugs get worked out. Of the Android phones, this one has good reviews online. Comparing it to an iphone is simply apples to oranges. The Incredible's failure to measure up to an iphone is not necessarily the failure of this device, but rather speaks to the difference between the two platforms in general. As an android phone, it is alright. However, like all things technology, the future versions will be better. I recommend looking at [...] since Amazon does a crap job of describing products.

Love the phone hate the battery bought a new battery hope it brings it back two life.  It is the simplest droid ever made and it has an 8mm camera which is awsome most older phones don't but the battery sucks hopefully buying a new one will help bring it back to life.  Cause the phone it self is awsome.

The phone started lagging (the screen is possessed!) on the second day!!!It's impossible to do anything without it starting to jump screens, vibrating and openning internet browser every 2-nd minute!

I bought this phone is August and have had nothing but problems with it. The screen would freeze while I was using it and the phone would also shut down at random times. More recently it wouldn't connect with the charger and now it is completely dead. I don't recommend this phone to anyone.

Aside from being a functional cell phone at times, this phone is less than disappointing.  It was purchased to be a stop-gap for a later model smartphone that met an untimely end.  Had I known prior to purchase what a disappointment this phone was going to be I would have taken the monetary hit for a later model phone.  The issues: very short battery life, the on-off button intermittently functions so the phone back has to be removed to turn off the phone at times, the small screen creates issues with using the touch functions.  Don't buy this.

i bought this to use as an mp3 player to save my iphone 5 from getting excessively worn out and because my nano didnt have built in bluetooth and it works really awesome

The phone has been a great intro to smart phones. It does what I expected and then some. I recommend it!

I had a hard time with the camera freezing at first. The camera would freeze after i took one picture. It was really annoying to want to take a picture and then have to take the battery out of my phone because it would freeze. I also don't like the charger it comes with. It is always telling me that the charger is not compatible and will beep at me all night. I started using my husbands charger. I had to factory reset the phone after a couple weeks because I couldn't get the low memory icon to go away even after erasing everything manually. So it takes a while to figure things out but I am starting to get the hang of it and like it now.

it was a good replacement phone but the phone kept restarting and hearing droid all night was annoying but still a good phone

If i could give it a zero star rating i would. From day one this phone has been the biggest waste of money I have ever spent. Not only does the battery die mere hours off the charger, it decides to randomly restart itself at times when its needed most (I use my phone for work) and as soon as it finishes booting up? Restarts again. Over and over. Frustrating. I have to pull the battery out not joking 6 or 7 times PER DAY. I will never give htc another cent again. And if anyone wants any advice on this phone? Dont even think twice... keep scrolling.

My DROID INCREDIBLE is incredible! I LOVE THIS PHONE! It does everything I need it to do! My options and extras are AMAZING!

Thank you for the replacement Droid ; My grandson loved it.. The phone work like it was brand new.....Great product....

I bought the phone for my boyfriend he likes it. The bad thing about it though is that the battery life isn't the best, but thank you :)

I wanna too kno I never got my package as for yet y'all told me I would get it aroundd da 8th

I needed a phone for my business, and it works well.  The battery sucks, so I bought a back-up (dirt cheap).  This is the second time I purchased this phone.  The best feature on this phone is the nav.  It rocks!  Better than my iPhone nav.  Good back-up phone.

I am not real impressed with this phone. It is chunky, the battery life is incredibly short, and it freezes up frequently. I wanted a phone for talking, texting, minimal web searching and facebook. It does all that, but not as stream-lined as I was hoping for.

I was charging this phone 3 to 4 times a day jsut on normal use and it would still die before I plugged it in for an over night charge. I ran battery saver apps and task killers tono avail. this phone is junk don't bother.

This is a great phone. The only thing I would like to see improved is the length of the battery usage. It does go through them quickly but I was also aware of this from other reviews. The phone itself is easy to set up and use . For me the big selling point is the clarity of the sound. I wear hearing aides and it is one of the few that work well with them. Sound is loud even without setting it for the hearing aide use. I was impressed and have tried many brands - this is the ultimate.

The battery doesnt last more than  minutes off the charger smh.. this just isnt right to sell tarnished merchandise to your customers.. now i have to purchase another battery

every month I get a new bug,..after 20 months the phone is almost unusable.Bug 1: this is the worst. The volume turns to mute all the time. All the time! That includes the ringer. I have missed so many calls in the last year due to this bug. I have to manually raise the volume key at least twice a day!Bug 2: the screen goes dark when by your face,..ok, I get it, saves battery. BUT, many times it won't turn back on when I take it away from my face, to say, input a selection. It is hugely frustrating to try navigating some phone-tree when  you have no visible keyboard! Ugggg!!I won't bore you with the plethora of other annoying bugs. The first two basically kill the phone.This was a great phone when new. Fantastic, actually. Now, I am counting the days to my next update phone from verizon.

Not a good phone.  Apple Wireless Is a great company and sent me a brand new phone :( I only had it for two days and was without a phone again.  Awesome customer service and extremely prompt.

I bought this for my daughter who needed a replacement phone.  The phone worked extremely well, looked new but my daughter was not overly impressed (which has nothing to do with the seller).  The phone was just not her cup of tea.  I don't think I would buy this type of phone again.

I love the phone but am having issues with the phone.  Sometimes when I call out or when someone calls me I cant hear anything.  They can hear me but I cant hear them.

This phone was a waste of my time. It cost to much and when I received it, the phone froze all the time and it would not stay charged for the life of me.

I can't say I hate it, but I do dislike it. This is my first smartphone and I can honestly say there are better phones out there. It dies too fast, you turn it off and you have to turn it off multiple other times to make it work right, the apps don't work good after you turn it off, and it glitches a lot. I don't recommend buying it.. Not worth it.

This phone arrived on time from the seller, as described and everything.  The phone is exactly what I needed for my new job.  The camera is good, it takes great pictures.  The screen looks good and has good clarity.  The phone is hard to bog down using a number of different apps.  The only downside is that the battery took a while to charge (I charged it for about 18 hours yesterday and it got full, but that might be because it was new).  All in all, a great phone.

I was actually pretty excited about it when I first got it. The camera quality is pretty amazing in my opinion and I like the display of widgets such as the time and weather but that's minor stuff. I only had it for a year before it started freezing, doing crazy stuff with my SD card, making my apps act crazy, and pretty much completely ticking me off. I'll go to open my facebook or instagram app and it will open other things like my contacts or pictures instead. I had to recover my contacts MULTIPLE times (thank goodness for Google contacts option) and had plenty of scares where I went to look at pictures or listen to music and it would claim that there was no SD card or the files couldn't be found. Usually I only had to reset the phone or leave it alone for a while but I REALLY hate when that happens. The more recent thing that has been happening to really get under my skin is the fact that I have an 8gb SD card and it keeps saying "insufficient memory" when I try to add new songs or pictures. I don't have many apps, I've moved pictures and songs to my computer to free up space and "insufficient memory" still pops up. Talk about angered! I'm now looking for a new phone but reluctantly because there really isn't a "smartphone" out these days that doesn't pull this crap eventually. I'm tempted to just go back to a flip phone -_-

The Product  is good but my battery isnt no good it charge 100% and then go dead when i take it off the charger

It's a good phone. The battery is fairly long-lasting; I'm not a big apps, games, or music person on my phone, so battery-life is decent. Now if I could just find a case that fits it and one I like!

GREAT POTENTIAL... EASY TO OPERATE. JUST BEWARE BUYING USED!!  M.C.S

is this phone unlocked? cant tell by the description. I have been wanting to but my son an unlocked phone for a while and he said he liked this one, it was under the category unlocked phones but in the description it doesn't say it is unlocked. plz help, confused?

My bf broke his phone (the same model shown-HTC Droid Incredible/original) He was not able to get one from his cell phone service provider in good time, so I ordered this one and it came4 days later as it was expected. I was very happy and relieved he could have a phone again!

It worked great for about the first year.  Began to have issues when a software upgrade was pushed out.  It would not install and required a factory reset which means losing all your apps and settings.  Worked OK for about 6 more months then the next software upgrade and the same old problem again.  I had to do another factory reset.  Then it would not "activate" and Verizon had to send me a replacement.  Three months later after numerous lock ups, crashes, etc they had to send me yet another replacement. That means I am on phone #3. This one is as bad as the previous 2 plus it has a horrendously bad speaker.  Luckily my new iPhone 5 arrives in a few days.

I had this type of phone a few years ago when it was a new model. I was very happy THEN. My current phone died and so I thought I would go back to it because I am not currently eligible for and upgrade. The 1st phone I received from this supplier "Cell Lounge Inc" was defective right out of the box and the second one stopped working about 6 wks later ( their policy is 30 days). Frustrated that the supplier just washed their hands of me after only having the phone for about 6 weeks. They are sending me to the manufacturer. So, I'm not sure if I'm mad at the supplier or the maker of the phone.UPDATE: I would NEVER purchase from this supplier EVER again!!! The manufacturer requires that if a phone is sent back with in the 1 year warranty period that the receipt that came with the phone has the serial # printed on it. This didn't occur with this supplier AND they are not willing to help at all. They will take your money and move on!!!

The phone is great was just as we anticipated would use them again  The phone was boxed just as they said...Thanks

The screen is not as big as I expected .It is hard to see pictures and hard to type texts.

I hate the screen. I hate the battery life, the way it feels, and the cost for something that doesn't really &#34;do&#34; anything. Phones are a waste of time, and money. ...This is my second Droid in 2 years... I buy them because they're absolutely the BEST. (No phone is perfect)

This was the worst. I was not satisified with this product. I wish thete was  a way that I could return it

I had this phone for a while now and I just realize I got the Droid incredible 2 not the Droid incredible. What a deal and I'm not even complaining.great price for the phone the only problem I have that it freezes when its super cold out but if you warm the phone up for a minute then its fine. Other then that I love this phone.ahaha

Cheaper phone but we bought it to get us by till our upgrade and it should at least do that.

the phone came and everything was nice. the phone wasn't what i was expecting but i am not complaining. i love the phone. i just have on e problem but its not major. from time to time the headphone jack wants to act up but other than that its a normal phone. they phone looks almost like it has never been used. thank you.!

My son bought this phone and has nothing but problems with it. Losing calls slow internet connections to many issues to list.

I have had nothing but speedy and very helpful service with the Cellphone Shop and this is a great phone so far...

The phone I got is an old phone. It is not working and I cannot recommend it to anyone out there

This phone is crisp and clear, I never have to strain to hear. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone.

when i bought this phone i was under the impression that the entire unit was refurbished but the cosmetic appearence was not great. there were scatches on the face plate and every corner was dented or damaged. the phones back cover wouldnt stay on in one corner because of the damage. after some slight adjustment to the plastic i managed to get it to fit and stay on. the phone itself is great, no electronic issues at all and ive been using it for a while now. happy with its preformance just not its cosmetic apperance.

This phone is basically unusable.  I have had non-stop, neverending problems, bugs, issues nearly from day one and sadly I can confirm and report that it is not just me, not just this one particular phone, not just one bad item in a batch of good ones.  The research I have done each time I come across a new problem with this thing has only proven that thousands of other people have had the same problems.  That is not to say that some people who own this phone have had no problems, that may be, but there at least as many who have had the same issues I have.I don't want to be long-winded but some of the problems:Constantly being told that memory is running low when it is not.  Being asked to delete files, programs, etc, because storage is being pushed to the limit when as far as I can tell it really is not even close.Unable to receive texts because of--shocker--storage problems.Pre-installed programs that I have never and will never use that cannot be removed/uninstalled/deleted which of course contribute to the storage/memory issues.HORRIBLE battery life--this phone does not even last one day, and by one day I mean 8 hours, unless I do not use it for ANYthing except texting (when of course I can even use texts at all) and checking the time.Repeated "forced close" occurances that come up during texting, internet use, etc.Camera is incredibly slow although the pics are high quality.  Often times taking a picture causes the entire phone to freeze until it decides to shut down and reboot which might take only a minute to do or as much as ten minutes before it unfreezes itself and shuts down.Daily requests to install updates, then accepting it and then nothing happening afterwards.Installing an update (when it actually did install once) which created a lot of these bugs in the first place and which are not truly fixable, according to the research I have done and from what I have found lonline in various forums from others with the same issues.There is no point in going on.  Bottom line is I will never own a Droid or HTC product again.  iPhones may not be perfect, but I have never heard of these types of inexcusable, endless issues with an iPhone, so, I will be switching.  This phone is so bad that I will actually be breaking my contract to get out of using it another day--since at this point any time I open ANY app the phone crashes.If you've read all of the reviews noting the same issues I have noted and you still think you want to try this phone, then go for it.  It is your money and time, but beware!

good phone

I received my phone extremely fast which was a plus. I transferred my Verizon Service Plan and everything was great until the battery started to die. I plugged the charger in and nothing happened. The phone died completely. I tried to charge it using the port on the computer, nothing. I received a replacement charger and battery but again the same thing happened, the battery died and would not charge. It appears that the charging port on the phone is not compatible with the charger it comes with. So, I just wanted to let everyone know that the wall phone adapter that comes with this phone does not work well for the HTC Droid Incredible 4G LTE phone. A battery charger is a better option! It works excellent with the Travel Wall Charger and 2 Batterries for Sprint HTC Evo 4G, HTC Hero, Droid Incredible, Imagio, Ozone, Snap, Tilt 2, Verizon Droid Touch Pro 2 Sold by Liquidation Direct. The phone itself is not broke, the charging port on the phone is the issue.  I just had to pay extra for battery charger but it came with two extra batteries as a bonus to switch out while the other is charging. This is actually a great phone! The adapter that comes with the phone is not compatible..Try a battery charger before sending the phone back!

I bought 2 phones both arrived and didn't work I got a hold of 1 company and they gave me a new phone .  The droid phone never was able to get a hold of them or a reply I was out over a hundred dollars

My son hates this phone, but it was very inexpensive and he keeps breaking his past phones. The wireless radio is very weak.He dropped this phone once and the screen cracked. The touch screen still works though.

Good job .I have to say I was not sure about this device because it seemed very small. See my Samsung fascinated broke and I needed a replacement I look at The Droid x.and this and the Droid x was too big for me hut this seemed too small I decided on this because it was cheap and I was getting pretty much everything I had on my previous phone.Tue phone was delivered 2 days before expected in great condition. It came with a case, screen protector on it and 2 extra screen protectors also the charger and the original box.I have had this phone for a week now and it is great it was a little small at first but I just had to get used to it. The camera is amazing the screen looks great and i love the UI. It was alot different than touchwiz I had on the fascinated but it wasn't hard to figure out.All in all its a great replacement phone for someone look for a replacement phone and doesn't want to pay a lot or just needs something until their contract is up.

The phone was very warn when I got it.  it drops calls when it has 3-4 bars of signal.  And most of the applications don't work.

this htc never got so i do not have nothing to say about this to much so just about this

This phone was reasonable priced and does the job we need it too.  We have had no problems with it.

Phone easy to operate, and that your operating system is android makes easy handling and high performance. Good processor configuration

I was so exited to be getting this phone as I had owned one before..needless to say that I was very let down. Problems with this phone from the first week..it continues to freeze, auto factory reset and to make matters worse I can't even answer a call when it's coming in. I will never get a phone from here again. As a single mom w 4 kids I can't spare money so I try to find good solid deals and get what I pay for but what I got is a big headache and a phone that only works 40percent of the time.
