
Dear seller amazon. With respect to the product that i received i would like to express that the same presented the following defects: 1. Not brought the installation CD of blackberry software. 2. Lack the original purchase invoice 3. The loaders are not original and damaged easily. 4. The screws of the computer not brought security seals, i.e. that the phone is not new as it is offered but repaired. 5. One of the phones presented fails on the screen.

This item give to me a lot of problems. I no recommend to anybody to purchase. Sorry about this item.

The screen was loose when I got it and it won't hold a charge at all. I bought a new battery and it still did not work. I have mailed it back and still have not heard anything after two weeks. The only reason a rating of 1 star is given is because that was the lowest option to elect. I have not heard from the seller at all and I know after two weeks something should have been communicated.

just received the blackberry storm and was surprised at the short amount of time i received the phone.  it's a gift for someone and they like it so far.  overall, my experience in ordering this item, up to receiving & testing out the product was quite satisfactory.  i will post another review if something ever questionable comes along. but i would not mind ordering from this company/vendor again.

I bought 2 blackberry storms. They were the quad-band international phones. You can use them as a basic phone in foriegn countries that have phone services. however, since Verizon is the chief supplier of these, they are all no good for e-mailing, texting from country to country. You cannot get internet nor any mail services with these. You would have to go back to the USA, go to a verizon dealer, sell your soul with a 2-3 year contract with very limited servies and it MIGHT work out of the USA. Do not buy these if you are  to be in Asia, or Europe. These phones are nice and full of good stuff, but, unless you use them in a large city in the USA, you might as well have a Walmart pay as you go phone.My first one would not hold a charge and it would actually ruin the battery in the phone once you put it in a charger. The second phone was used as my alarm clock in the cradle and when i was awoke at 3am with my phone making weird noises and the alrm and ringing tones randomly going off. I restarted it and it just said it had a program failure and kep ton shutting on and off.So, as much as I used to like Blackberry products, I will not do it again. They are worthless in heat, cold and dusty. They have good reception when you can find it. If you are in the military or are a contractor and you work in a war zone, these phones are a waste. just get s set of cheap walkie talkies and talk to folks.

El paquete llego como se encontraba en el internet sin ningun problem la transaccion no hubo ninguna novedad llego el tiempos ofrecidos no existio ningun retraso

Just crap. Half the touchscreen didn't work and charging system broken as well. If I wanted a broken phone I would have chosen a broken one.

excelente producto, hasta ahora ha salido muy bueno, no he tenido problemas.lo traje a Venezuela y esta funcionando muy bien

About 2-3 weeks of recieving the phone and start using is the screen just went blank during a call. Now i cant see any thing on the screen it is a total lost, very dissapointed.

Although the product arrived on time it has not performed as expected. I had to spend additional money to replace a component in the phone. I would not recommend to anyone.

ME ENCANTA EL CELULAR, LLEGO EN CONDICIONES FAVORABLES. MARAVILLADA.. LO QUE PEDI Y LO QUE VI EN LA PUBLICACION ES VERIZON Y TODO BIENSALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA - VALENCIA.

This cell phone battery do not keep charge and the charger do not work properly. I bought this phone for my son and every time he goes out and come in he has to chasrge this phone

Previously I purchased a Blackberry through online and found it&#8217;s back cover never remains in position. This time I purchased this Black berry and found that the display screen is loose. Is it that the vendor deliberately sale faulty product or I am unfortunate ? Gradually I am losing trust in buying product through online.

the screen has a crack on it that was not stated and it doesnt even go on. It gets stuck on the battery charging screen. Doesnt even show it is charging.

ESTOS BB, SON UNOS DE LOS MEJORES TELEFONO QUE HE TENIDO, LO UNICO MALO CON ELLOS ES QUE SON SUMAMENTE DELICADOS, Y DESPUES DE UNA CAIDA O GOLPE MUCHAS VECES TIENDEN A FALLAR, POR LO QUE SE RECOMIENDA SI DECIDE ADQUIRIRLO TENER SUMAMENTE CUIDADO.EXCELENTE PRODUCTO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111

Este producto llego en muy mal estado... sin la tapa de la pila atr&aacute;s... bloqueado...y casi inservible! no compren a esta empresa...! solo venden basura... publicidad basura!

I just received the blackberry right away and the back cover is not attached. That is, back cover missing. Hopefully to hear from you soon. Remember, I can not use the phone without back cover. The phone also have some crack too. It seems to me its a used phone?  This is the second time I am buying blackberry phone and it never works out all.Kindly send UPS to come and pick it for return. Thank you.

A pesar de que me llego el producto solicitado, me lo vendieron como nuevo y no es ni nuevo ni esta en buen estado, la bater&iacute;a da&ntilde;ada y deb&iacute; mandar a repararlo

it was really unlocked for all gsm. could not get it to work with straight talk.so i sent it back

Hi Andrew thanks so much, Blackberry Storm 9530 is just like you told me it would be, works great nice features clean cam pictures thanks so much.Respectfully,David Leith

hola buen dia, deseo comprar este celular, soy de venezuela y me gustaria saber en que influye que el celular no tiene contrato con VERIZON?hi good day, I want to buy this phone, I'm from Venezuela and I would like to know which influence the cell does not contract with Verizon?

Soy de Venezuela y compre dos equipos, los cuales me llegaron con detalles, cargadores malos, y para completar el equipo que es nuevo esta usado es un equipo repotenciado. Me siento estafado y timado.

The phone is a piece of junk. I will no pay a penny for it if I knew the condition. The screen is loose ond does not work, i feel cheated.

After weeks of working with Tigo( Local phone company from Honduras) I was able to download the blackberry user agreement to the phone and it work. The phone that I received was not new and I was suppose to be purchasing a new phone so I am not happy about that.

Dislikesas a user of this product, i personally dont rate it. it is very hard to downlaod apps and the battery life span is very low. i bought a new battery and it stil doesnt work. there are times when it will stick or restart on its own. the charger stopped working properly after a month of use.Ps: it doesnt work well with foreign networksLikes- it has a very nice design

very good product arrived in perfect conditionvery good product arrived in perfect conditionvery good product arrived in perfect conditionvery good product arrived in perfect condition

This is an excellent buy. I haven't regretted purchasing it. I live in Ja and the frequency is quite clear, easily connected with my GSM Carrier. Takes pictures beautifully. Sensitivity OK too. I recorded my son at his carol service and the video was quite clear. Am still learning about all the features of this phone. I would recommend ppl outside the US to purchase. I love this phone!!!!

This phone doesn't work because I can't charge it. I left it an entire night charging and the next morning it didn't want to work and the battery was still dead. Please, help me because i want my refund because this totally doesn't work!!!!! I want to know what the adress is so i can return this back immediatley!

I'm very happy with this cell cause it was exactly what I wantedIf any people want enjoys good services is in right way.

This a Christmas present for my 11yr old daughter and when I took it to Verizon to activate, the rep told me that the phone had water damage and showed me the pink strip in the phone that indicated damage. This was also a 3G phone yet kept aski.g for a SIMS card which I also purchased. This phone was a complete disaster. Not only did I lose from the this purchase, but on the Sims card and several cases I bought for her. But what upsets me the most, is the fact my daughter's heart was broken when she realized she would not be getting the phone that she picked out. I purchased a lot of items from amazon over the holidays including the amazon Kindle. This would be the last time I ever purchase another item from here.

me gusto mucho la atencion, excelentes vendedores. fue un poco tarde la entrega pero realmente estoy satisfecha y en la medida de lo posible les comprare de nuevo algun otro producto

It look like waste my money on that phone.. Better sale good phone with good quality then this type of phone

sad to say that after one week this phone has stop working and i sent an email say such but to date i've got no reply yet another review tell me how we'll deal with the none working phone because i'm losing my patience and runing out of options

excellente trato con este vendedor, estuvo pendiente de que me llegara el celular y cuando tuve dudas de como colocar algunas funciones me asesoro. excelente el cel estoy complacida por la comprar, lo recomiendo. gracias!

De las pocas cosas con las que he tenido problema al comprar a trav&eacute;s de amazon.com est&aacute; ha sido la peor de todas. Este tlf lleg&oacute; sin cable USB, sin memoria microSD, con la iluminaci&oacute;n del teclado da&ntilde;ada y la bater&iacute;a a&uacute;n peor que el teclado. Pr&aacute;cticamente me vendieron algo que no serv&iacute;a. Evite comprar este tlf. Soy de Maracaibo. Y me dieron 10$ por todos esos da&ntilde;os.

It is the fifth storm-worn BB I bought, and all have arrived as described by the seller. Details on the screen, etc, but I was very aware of it, I get released as requested, but did not bring the Spanish language was something to solve faciel upgrading the operating system, that is something anyone can do without to pay something extra. Happy with my purchase

This Phone Touch Screen Was Not Working, Because IT Came To Jamaica After i Just Take the lost but never again,,GOD BLESS YOU

I recently purchased three blackberry storms from this seller and one of the phones only worked for two days. First off the chargers do not charge the phones at all, I would leave them on charge overnight and they would still not be fully charged by morning. Luckily I have an LG phone that uses the same type of charger and used that charger to charge the blackberries. My husband's phone kept taking pictures randomly until it eventually crashed and he had to buy an entirely different circuit board. The phones freeze a lot and would have to shut down and restart. There is sometimes a delay on the touchscreens, will have to tap it a few times to open an app. I bought these phones thinking they were new but obviously I was duped.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY OTHER CUSTOMER TO THIS SELLER!!!! A TOTAL RIPOFF!!!!

Good brand, good quality.Only two things I did not like: no WiFi and lack of internal memory.If these faults do not care what else is good!

I bought a new phone and got a refurbished!.You can use them as a basic phone in foreign countries that have phone services. However, since Verizon is the chief supplier of these, they are all no good for e-mailing, texting from country to country.I wouldnt buy again from this seller

The cellphone does not work. When i call, the other person can not hear me.I live in Ecuador and is very complicated apply the garanty.

Los dos blackberry storm 9530 que compre a la tienda BLUTEKUSA se da&ntilde;aron a los dos dias de uso, ya no funcionan, no sirven

I am from Africa and when I was in US bought a blackberry 9530 from Amazon sold by Great Bargains, within 3 months the touch screen stopped working. I would highlight the items/icon but nothing happerns. I tried to get in touch with the seller all they could tel me was to talk to manufacturer RIM. I choose to do an A to Z claim, I hope it will work. My greatest fear is that they will ask me to send the phone back and its will cost me more than what I bought for. While this is an excellent service it does not work out for. I thought I had bought a a good brand from a reliable seller.I hope I will find a solution for my problem.I am apealing to Amazon to something to some its cleitnts who sale defactived items. I am not sure if Amazon takes seriuosly or I am one of the robbed ones.

The phone came very good, looks new and works like brand new phone.The delivery was on time and everything that was in the description came in the box.

I'm having a problem with accessing the internet...especially while watching youtube videos...plus the AppWorld isn't working.apart from that...I like the phone...would like some advice on the problems doh

I bought this device almost 2 months ago and It works fine for a Blackberry that usually has his default fails (freezes almost once a  week, small apps memory, no video streaming enhacement, and RIM servers dependant) To be a touchscreen works fine. For the price it worths, no big complaints. If you want something better please buy a Galaxy or an Iphone and spend $300-$500 and stop crying.Pros:1- Panel touchscreen. It means that you must click the screen when select your button. Less posibilities of dial or touch something by mistake.2-Big screen 3.25" with touch slide menu3-Metal back battery cover4-3.2 Megapixel camera with a hi bright flash makes good pics.5-Can easily install almost the most popular bb apps even with low memory capacity for apps6-1GB extra memory for files. and also has a mini sd slot able to expand to 16GB on external mem.7-3G network enhaced.Cons:1- And worst. NO WiFi . The next version (9550 Storm 2) has it2- Bad video streaming capacity. There is almost no apps to watch online videos.3- Small app memory capacity4- Awful autocomplete feature that makes you write things that you don't want.5-RIM servers dependant. If they go down or out , your online capabilities goes down.Conclusion. It is a good BB phone and it worths for the price. If you want something like an Iphone, buy an Iphone, if you want something like a BB Torch buy a BB Torch, if you want something like a  Samsung Galaxy, please buy a Samsung Galaxy. If you want to play, you have to pay.

Muy cumplido, le recomiendo ampliamente, producto llego en buen estado tal cual fue publicado, el tiempo estimado fue perfecto, no tengo mas palabras que satisfecho

I am living in another country that is the reason because I am writing this review just now.The phone is NOT new it is refurbished but that does not mean that the phone must be damaged.The sound buttom does not work, the touch screen does not have sensivity on one corner of the screen.When I tried to charge it again the battery never works , I try with another one but It did not work, I am thinking that the phone is dead.The phone is turned off and  I do not what to do.

The phone i bought from u doest recognise any simcard, when i sert the simcard the phone will still ask me to insert simcard.

BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL  BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL BUEN TLF SOLO DIGITELLL  ,,,,,,,,,, , ,,,,,,,,,,,,

The BlackBerry Storm 9530 which I purchased did not look new right from the very moment that it was delivered to me. It usually hangs when I use it and I usually will have to restart it over and over again. Moreover the phone does not come on anymore.

I love BlackBerry. This is NOT a new phone. At best it is refurbished.It seems to work alright, with a few minor exceptions...Certain apps which I'm used to having out of the box with the Storm and Storm2 (this is my third) are not present on this phone...Backup Assistant had to be downloaded, and won't run. I ended up having to use BlackBerry Desktop Manager to copy my contacts over.I should have read the reviews before purchasing, but I didn't and blame nobody but myself.I will say though, that I will avoid this seller in the future. I can't say that the seller lied - there are no claims that state the phone is new - but they omitted a fairly serious and would be deal breaking detail. If it is mentioned somewhere, it's fairly well and intentionally nested.I have no respect for this seller, and they don't deserve to continue doing business.

it is a very good phone to use in the Caribbean.I was able to buy two of them one for myself and mom she loves the phone more than i do.

If it is the last thing you do, do NOT buy a Blackberry Storm. Correction! If the Blackberry Storm is offered to you free of charge, walk away!My Storm switches itself off at will. You lock it, then pick it up after a while and find that the radio has switched off.  On a number of occasions, the only way I have been able to turn it back on is by removing and putting back the battery. You can imagine the number of missed calls this has led to.The touchscreen to this phone has a mind of its own. It's supposed to respond to your finger's feather touch but the reality is that it doesn't respond even if you go on your knees to beg. You also have to click it several times to pick up calls. I long gave up on the touch feature working as it's supposed to. If ever there was a stubborn touch screen, it was installed on this handset.  The 6 on the phone doesn't work. You want to hit S and instead you see the Z or X (below) popping up. The E, D and C keys don't work either. And so on and so forth.Now, try tracing which calls you missed. That is another chore best left for when one is in one's most charitable frame of mind.I have used the Blackberry Bold 8520 and a number of other Blackberry devices. This is by far the least user-friendly.

El producto BlackBerry Storm 9530 lo ped&iacute; NUEVO y mandaron un equipo repotenciado y sin ninguna funcionabilidad, (No enciende) A&uacute;n colocandole otra bateria. son unos estafadores.The product I ordered BlackBerry Storm 9530 and sent a team NEW Repowered and no functionality (not lit) placing yet another battery. are swindlers.BlackBerry Storm 9530 VERIZON PHONE NO CONTRACT + Unlocked GSM + World Cell Phone with 3.15 Mega pixel CameraThe OEM Planet

It was a great buy, beyond expectation because it came in great condition. I would recommend this supplier because for a use item it did past full expect. So feel free feel comfortable, I was very skeptic but when I got the package I was really impress. The wait time wasn't long for me either. Thumbs up! Great Job! The cellular phone is in good condition no scratches or marks, the camera works perfectly, navigation is good, it is compatible with the mobile service that I know it will be working on. It bought it as a gift for my friend and he thought it was new.

I got the phone and the battery and phone had horrible water damage. The person who sold me this is a thief. Very unhappy.

This is my first blackberry phone. At first I was a little worried that I would not have been able to operate a touch screen phone but after a few days I have mastered the skill. Operation is great. Service is perfect. Right now there is little need to use my computer. Most of my emails etc are handled right from my phone.STOP!!!!!!!!!!Big problem!! This phone has no Wifi so service is very slow. Only discovered after weeks of service!

I am not sure if this is a seller problem or a phone problem. the phone sucks. this is probably my 5th blackberry so i know how they work. and this one just doesn't. granted it was refurbished but the touch screen option is completely in disarray. it is often/always  unresponsive, and will click on other buttons when aiming for another. this is just a bad item. was not worth the purchase. when trying to hang up from a call the off button will not work (red button) i will then try the hang up button on the screen, that would not work as well. I finally will have to go to the menu and end the call. same goes for the green dialing buttonscreenmenu.

I LIKE BLACKBERRY CELL PHONE BUT THE DISLIKE IS YOU GUY SENT ME THE USED  ONE TO ME AND CHARGE I TO PAY FOR THE FULL PRICE OF THE NEW ONE.

The phone was a little more beat up than i expected but i was fine with that. My main concern was the fact that I couldn't get it to come on. I emailed the seller and they responded immediately with the solution to my problem. The person i corresponded with was friendly and polite and did I mention it was around 10 at night? I was very pleased with the customer service and now the phone works fine.

First of all I recieved my blackberry with missing parts (battery cover and charger)! Then upon further discovery the blackberry was defective. The final straw was when returning the product I had to pay for return shipping. I have never had an experience like this before while ordering from amazon or its third party sellers. What a waste of time and $$!!!

TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT!!! I purchased the phone for my husband's birthday and paid extra for express shipping. It was supposed to be new. When I opened it, it LOOKed new but was DEFECTIVE. The touch screen was lose and wiggly in the plastic frame. It would sink in any time you touch it as if it was too small for the frame. Putting in the battery didn't help. In fact, I couldn't ever get it to start. I am returning it and won't buy another one from this seller. I had nothing to give to my hubby :-( What a shame... Amazon should drop the seller ASAP!

It harms to amazon, because this one selling damaged and bad article. I hope that this company solves my problem, am defrauded. Perjudica a amazon, porque esta vendiendo articulo da&ntilde;ado y malo. espero que esta empresa resuelva mi problema, estoy estafado.

Good customer service, they informed me when they were going to ship the phones to me. They answered my emails.

I'm in Ecuador now and I need yo know how yo contact You becauae the cell phone is new and doesnt turn on

los recomiendo del 1 al 10 les doy 10 los productos son originales el pedido siempre es el original q e elegido

the phone is on its last legs, the touch screen is a joke, it barely works, no accessories, it looks old

excellent product, 100% recommendedBlackBerry Storm 9530 VERIZON PHONE NO CONTRACT + Unlocked GSM + World Cell Phone with 3.15 Mega pixel Camera

Dear Sir I have purchase this Blackberry cell phone on May and the phone is not working I even receive a battery that was dead. I am very disappointing with this seller Wireovia My money gone down the drainSimone.

Good phone, old but served its purpose which was to use it in the Dominican Republic, I did lose the phone but I would repurchase for the same use! Received it quickly and I don't know if it was by error but it even came with an 8gb sd card!
