
Got this phone and the features in windows are awesome.No apple, no berries its just windows :)Just that the battery does not last long with 3G and wifi connected.

For sure is not an Iphone, but is good to be different.The phone is fine, nice ad works good!Some good specs like radio and the camera

If so, here you go. No, that is not an exaggeration.You see, a few months into ownership, this phone would prompt you to turn it offRandomly, without any contact to the power button. Sometimes while you aren't doing anything.Sometimes while the screen is locked.Reject it/Swiping away cause it to stall. Turning it off results in the same lack of turning on.Sure, you'll be able to turn it on. But it crashes before actually turning on.If you take the battery out, and put it back in, it will immediately start trying to turn on.It should not do this. When you put the battery in normally, it stays off until you power it on.Thus, it stalls again. My guess is your attempts to start it restart after doing this as well, because it seems to take a certain number of trys to get it to run.When its on the charger, the 3 bottom buttons lose functionality. You need those to do just about everything.You can hold the back arrow to access previous things you've been doing, but not while connected. you'll only get a single press.and then you have to wait 5 seconds to get another.Imagine trying to watch Netflix and someone texts you. You can only get that message shortcut if you do it RIGHT THEN.if you don't, you have to the app. but then with the time it takes you to get back to Netflix, you have another text.STILL RUNNING 7.5. STILL WAITING ON 7.8. THIS IS MARCH OF 2014, CLOSE TO APRIL.Great otherwise when it works. Better sound quality than a lot of other 7.5 devices.

I like this phone but I use a Mac and can't update it.  I  downloaded an app to do this but it won't communicate back to the phone.I use a cheap phone system called Pure Talk USA.  It's perfect for older people like me that don't use a cell phone much.  However, when I put my SIM card in this phone it didn't work.  I called Pure Talk and had a connection by the time I hung up.  Wish I could update.  I get a kick out of the voice function.  I said &#34;find British Pubs Ashland, Oregon&#34;  It gave me the pubs with telephone numbers and a location map.  Wow!  Voice works for everyone on my phone list as well.  Just say, &#34;Call so and so cell.&#34;  It says, &#34;Calling so and so mobile.&#34;

Excellent phone; it's really unlocked; you can use whatever sim card on itWhen I turn it on for the first time I had few issues (can't download apps, can't copy and paste text ...), but all problems disappeared once I upgraded the Windows OS from 7 to 7.5 (this required installing Zune 4.8 on my computer, then checking for updates). The upgrade took around 1 hour (for 3 downloads).

Like windows phone but love android better. Don't get the same apps as android or iOS, but overall it's a great phone.

Great solid phone. It is a bit old now ( released in 2010) but the Focus is very responsive and Windows 7.5 doesn't feel antiquated at all. Love it!!!

This is my fourth Samsung Focus. I am not especially careful with phones, so my third issue dropped into a certain bathroom receptacle when I wasn't looking. I am still holding out for a 64gb Nokia Lumia 1020 to become available in the US. Until then, I'm Fine with the Focus. All my replacements have come from Amazon, and this last phone is working as satisfactorily as the first three. I have installed a 32GB SD card again and loaded up 35.9 GB of music, pics, and apps. All my calendar, contacts and mail have synced through my Microsoft account, and all is well again. This phone came through Amazon merchant BREED. They followed up on my Prime two-day shipment with an email, to check that the phone was working well: unusual, in my experience, and appreciated. Thanks Samsung and Amazon again, and BREED this time.

This is a good smart phone. It's not blotted with a lot of apps. The phone comes with windows 7 and will update to windows phone 7.5 or 7.8 depending which carrier you go with. My phone is running 7.8 and it works flawless. Yes this phone came out 3 years ago but it is still a very good phone!

As my tittle state good phone for the price.Pros cheap, descent camera with awesome flash, amoled display and the phone doesn't log so for since I've been using it. The audio play back good clean.#The phone comes unlock#Cons cheap poor battery life only last one day and a couple hours long even if you dont use it that much for a new phone you wont get 2 and half day out of this phone when idle. I had to disable some of the features to get more out of the battery. The material make up the phone is cheap, this phone would be better if it was an android phone instead of windows. You will have to format the phone with the memory card to get it recognize your memory card.The vibration is low :(I would recommend this phone

I was in the market for a new unlocked smartphone (for international travel) but didn't want to splurge $500-700 on an Iphone or Galaxy S. I stumbled upon the Focus and decided to give this Windows Phone a try. I'm glad to say that overall I've have a good experience with the phone, features (email, live tiles, facebook integration), and capabilities. I would now be interested in moving up the Windows Phone ladder with some of the Windows 8 offerings.

Fast, great camera with a very good quality of the photo. Nice capacitive touch. The bad side is the poor market place of the windows.

I have owned a Samsung Focus for two and a half years now. It was my primary phone until the Lumia 920 came out in November. Since then, I keep my Focus around when I travel out of the country and in situations where I would not want my primary phone to get lost or damaged.My first Focus lasted over 18 months, surviving frequent drops, tosses, pockets with keys, heavy rain and other disasters. This is much better than any cell phone I had used up until that point. I finally managed to crack the screen dropping down some cement steps.  I replaced it with an HTC Surround, which barely lasted 4 months under the same conditions. After the HTC phone died, I went and got a new unlocked Focus on Amazon.Though tough, the phone is a finger print magnet. It also feels really cheap and lightweight. For all their cool kit inside, Samsung never produced a phone that looks and feels as expensive as it is.The hardware on the phone was great in 2010, and still feels pretty good today. The AMOLED screen is bright and very vibrant but a little pixelated. The Sound is pretty good. The phone uses NAND memory, which is faster than many SD card based phones. There is an expandable SD card slot (the only Windows Phone 7 device to have one), and the removable battery is a huge plus when traveling.Tinkerers will like the Focus too. That SD card comes in handy, and the unlocked boot loader allows you to flash custom Windows Phone ROMs. You won't be getting Windows Phone 8, but you can flash to 7.8, however. Right now, there are only a few games and apps that require WP8 (Temple Run, Modern Combat 4 are two examples).At $100, this phone is less than half the cost of a budget Lumia 520. The phone is certainly cannot keep up with high end phones today, but it does not feel slow or obsolete like Android phones from 2010.

The phone itself is a little bit too thin to hold. A 4-inch screen is normal today, but I found it a little big for my thumb to touch the whole screen. The three buttons sometimes are too sensitive and it's easy to open up search application accidentally.The battery can only hold for about 12 hours, it is absolutely to buy a extra battery.In a word, it's a average WP7 phone and it's pretty natty if you don't care the amount of apps in windows market.

this phone is great!but there's something wrong with my phone's wifi connection. i can't connect open wifi network, either the network that i have known the password.i am not sure what's problem with it. i just hope i want to get solution from seller!

I bought this cellpgine to use it un Venezuela with Movistar. I das worried because the cellphone says AT&T bit it works well with Movistar others companies like Movistar. I like the cellphone. The camera takes incredible photos. It is my first time with Windows phone but it is like androide. The only thing that I do not like is that I cannot Call with Skype directly from my contact list. I used to do that with Samsung. Galaxy.

I was really hesitant at first of ordering a phone online...anything online actually. But it turned out great! I love it! it came in the ATT original packaging, charger and headphones included :) I was pretty surprised at how well it worked too.!

i have only had this phone for a couple days, but i really enjoy it so far. everything is working and the screen is absolutely amazing. i really like it. even if i could not get all the amazing features as advertised by other operating systems, in other smart phones, on this one i am happy because the screen is so beautiful and my browsing experience is good.if you don't need to play a lot of games, and an app for everything, this might be a good choice.

I ordered this product - believing that this is a factory unlocked phone and that it would be authentic since it was sold by Amozon LLC .I received an AT&T; phone I am yet to check if it is indeed unlocked .I received it in really bad quality packaging and from the state of the contents it was obvious that the  phone was tossed in and around a lot .I am pretty sure from the product that it is either used or a refurbished piece .I guess i should stop taking for granted that the Seller AMAZON LLC sells quality products

It came like new and everything was as described. The only downside about the phone is the OS, but it's not so bad.

Purchased two unlocked phones but only one came unlock.  Contact seller and received code to unlock phone.  After numerous attempts I was able to unlock phone.  I am now please with my purchase.  I was going to return phone but decided to keep phone.

really good price,,we send it to my mother in law to argentina unlocked and it works great over there,,best thing ever

Had this phone since December 2012, and I really can't really say anything bad about it.  Sound quality was decent, and when wI-fi was available, for example at an airport, or hotel, my E-mail account was readily accessible.  There were some other features that were equally impressive.Unfortunately, yesterday I plugged in the USB cable to charge the 'phone, and heard a "pop", which turned out to be an indicator of it's quick and merciful death.  So it only lasted about 14 months.  It seems some other reviewers have experienced varying degrees of shortened life span and a similar quick death with their Samsung Focus I917.  Can't say if it's the brand or just the luck of the draw that I got one of a small percentage of electronic devices that will fail prematurely.In my case I met the phone's demise with mixed emotions, since I never got real comfortable with the Windows 7 O.S.  I've ordered another "smart" phone, but this time will move to an Android O.S. which gives me a greater comfort level, since I've used this O.S. on my tablets for years.

This Phone is great!!!Highly recommended device with nice software and easy to use interfase.Upgraded to latest buid in few minutes as soon as Mango was available.Only USB cable was missing

User friendly. Great for what I need it for; email, internet, social media apps and ereading apps. Photos and videos come out  great!

this is a great phone. I love it very much. It is just great for my level of service since I have a pre-paid phone. Nothing to complain about so far.

this phone is awesome, and windows phone 7 is a very stable op system. i love this phone. puts my old nokia e71 to shame, though the nokia is a good phone. HOWEVER, when I received the phone and proceded to update, it wouldn't cooperatei researched the issue on the internet, and it seems to be a common problemturns out that my phone had demo firmware on itwell, instead of contacting the seller and going through that mess, i found the retail ROM online. i ended up using a rom sender and switched the demo with the retail, and it updated right away. i can't say if the seller was aware of the demo firmware being on the phone, but be carefulif your phone turns the screen on by itself every couple of minutes, chances are you have a demo model. I decided to put a custom rom on it, and it is the best phone I have ever hadif you want a custom rom, use keywords "dark forces team" or "voluptuary" i have voluptuary's on mine.definitely a good phone for the money, and wp7 is awesome!!!

RINGER TONE IS TOO LOW THAT IS MY ONLY COMPLAINT.  OTHERWISE I LOVE IT.  RECEIVED IT IN A VERY TIMELY MANNER AND IT WAS AS IF IT HAD NEVER BEEN USED.

I ordered the Samsung Focus I917 unlocked phone because the price was good and I wanted to test out Windows 7 OS.  My carrier is Consumer Cellular and a 2nd sim card from them was free plus adding the phone to my account is just 10 dollars a month.  I received the card and phone on the same day, inserted the card and voila, I was making calls. Before doing that I inserted a 32 gig microSD card so now I have a ton of memory to work with. Setting up wireless with my home network was a snap and using the USB connection to download the updates and apps I want was easy (GPS, Google stuff, etc.).  I had to download those things because the phone is pre-loaded with AT&T proprietary apps and no AT&T account, no working apps.  The nicest surprise I got was that Windows office is preloaded.  I had to set up Skydrive on my both my home PC and the phone but now I can download and edit documents (word, excel, powerpoint) whenever I like.  What wasn't nice was that cellular data connection wasn't working.  At first I was blaming it on the phone not being unlocked but that wasn't the case, a call to Consumer Cellular support and 5 minutes later I was using my cellular data connection to the web.  So, bottom line:  its not going to be perfectly set up out of the box and may require working with your carrier service but once its set up, its great.  If you have to consult with your cellular carrier you'll need your IMEI number.  It'll speed things up if you already have it and you can get it by dialing *#06# on your phone and writing down the number for their use. Oh, you need to install ZUNE onto your PC, I'm not particularly impressed with it but its no big deal, I only use it to sync music anyway.

This is a good phone, is really fast and slim. You have the mango update right away after you connected the phone to your computer. The screen is really good.The camera is really nice too, good pictures.Windows Phone 7.5 is really good, you got facebook and twitter integration. The zune marketplace for music and bing search that is really good, you can search for songs even if you don't know the names.Not everything is perfect battery life is only for one day, you have to charge it everyday. You don't have skype and sugarsync apps but they said they are coming soon.The bad part of Windows Phone 7.5 is that you need to integrate the memory card to the file system. Its not hot swap and also you cant transfer files with the memory card because it gets formatted during the integration process. TheThe only way to transfer files to the phone is by mail or skydrive. With the Focus you don't get the Hotspot feature.For the user that is in Venezuela you can use the marketplace, i am in El Salvador. You have to configure the phone in the regional settings for USA and also your Hotmail or live account for USA.If can live without the SD card is really a good phone that has really good features and can compete with android or IOS

Might be a great phone but I got a defective one. Internet was not working and then when it did work the phone would stick like every hour

I have had my Samsung Focus I917 for about two years now. I have had my phone replaced 7 times. The screen never works and its awalys freezing. The heat sensitivity dose not work well in the winter time, so when I get done with a phone call I cant hang up with out takeing my battery out.The phone is a windows phone so you have to use the windows app market.They are getting better apps but you cant get the same apps as the Androd or I-phone. Sucks beacuse I cant do the same things my friends a family can do with their I-phones. I am a teen and so I text a lot, it works good for texting. I hate that my phone will restart its self 3 times a day. I can never find cute cell phone accessories. A good thing about this phone is AT&T has paid for all of my replacment phones. You do not need a memory card for the phone to work and the screen is a nice size. In order to put music on the phone you have to have a super new hard drive in your computer and you have to be able to download Zune. With out Zune you can not up date your phone when the up dates come out and you can not post pitchers online. YOU CAN NOT SEND VIDEO FROM THIS PHONE!!

this phone is proving to be an outstanding item...not only does it pull it a consistent signal...but the pre-loaded applications does not pull in alot of data which makes it easy on the budget...

Good phone,however... small keyboard on the text messagesNo ability to make the keys bigger!!!!I wish I could fix this!!!Comment on this if their is a way to make the keys bigger

I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them.Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc.I UPDATED the WINDOWS Operative System (OS) thru the Zune program installed in my PC without any problem. Now I can get more apps and some phone functions are now  performed in a more efficient way.I know that some persons have concerns because they believe that updating the OS could "lock" the phone. In my experience the "unlock condition" was not impacted and the phone is now running with the last phone Windows version.I am using this phone with a Mexico SIM card (Telcel) and is functioning perfect. I also tested it with a SIM card of USA and worked fine too. I think it is a great option for the cell phone users in Mexico and anywhere.... I think it is not necessary to purchase smartphones of $ 500 or $ 600 dlls.... This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.

great phone, many features, versatile, and quality. a very nice lled sensitive display. i was a little scafy having a smartphone, but this one is very friendly and useful. reception is great, sou d is great. and the price wasnt that high.

My son talked me into this phone and I am so glad he did.  LOVE IT!!!  And yes, an old dog CAN learn new tricks :)

This is the best phone ever. If you are having problems with the app store: download the zune software: go to account settings&#62; update&#62; it will take forever to update from Windows 7 to Windows 7.5, but its worth it ;)  App Store will also work afterwards

I didn`t like this product. It is difficult to use and until now I didn`t get install some applicatives like skype, facebook, games and others. I am very disapointed.

This phone was advertised as unlocked,  when I installed my sim card,  quite locked it is !  Thanks for a phone I cannot use.

I get this phone 3 weeks ago from another seller trough Amazon. Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff. When I turn it on it came with a diferent version of Windows phone. Was a developer emulador version so I tought I cant update it but just instalo the Rogers carrier ron for this phone and you ser ready to go. mango ready. The battery is ok and I Live the S&uacute;per Amoled 4 ich screen. Works Dell with Movistar and Kolbi in Costa Rica. Recomended phone.

The phone is not worth it.  It is malfunctioning after two months.  When the charger is not connected, it keeps making the dinging sound as if I am connecting it.  I have to keep my phone on silent to keep from hearing the dinging.  It also drains my battery.  I paid a lot and cannot return it.  I will never go for a phone without a warranty again.

First of all, let me begin by saying I was an early adopter of the iPhone, the first generation was a tank until dust got the best of it (under home button). Later on moving onto Android based phones and enjoying those as well. When there was a lot of positive feedback on windows 7.5 mobile and my other phone being drowned in beef stock. I decided to take the plunge with this little gem.Upon receiving the phone the packaging was no frills, and made me nervous. Before running the phone I charged the battery and installed an additional 8gb micro sd card I got for 19.99 (PNY MicroSD) because in the documentation WP7 takes over the SD card for good!The operating system takes up about 1.2 GB so keep that in mind.I love the fact that I can delete the ATT default applications since I am on TMobile pre-paid (50$ unlimited). Yes it is only limited to 2G (edge) speed.Updating the phones software was the only difficulty I had. While updating I got a backup error causing it to not update. I believe it was the front USB port I was using on my computer but at the same time I used a different Micro USB cable from my mytouch and plugged it in a usb port in the back of my computer. Once I did that I was able to apply the 2 updates through the Zune software (required)Anyway, setting up the phone was easy enough. Adding my google account synced up my contacts/calendar/email (important since I came from using android)Another important mention for tmobile users is that you have to go to the marketplace and install the Samsung Network Profile app and select tmobile usa. After that you can send and receive MMSThe picture on this screen is beautiful, the camera has a lot of customization features, the UI is simple and clean I couldn't be happier with this phone at this price point.

I have a google nexus one and we purchased the samsung focus to relace my wifes dying iphone. I did alot of research and decided on the windows phone based on the occasional clunkiness of android. Though I really like the iphone, it's just too muchh $$ and a contract.  We recieved the phone in new condition and at first having played around with it a little I really didnt like it that much. I updated to Mango which is cool, but it really took a week of playing with it to decide it really is a great phone. My wife uses her camera alot, and this one has a very good camera. I went out the other night and took some pics outside in the pitch black, I couldnt see what I was aiming at until the flash went off, but the pics were really good. Today we went to the beach as there was a big storm and we took pics side by side and the focus produced much better pics than my nexus one. There are a few things that I like better about android for sure. Live wallpapers for one, and the stupid colored tiles on windows. I mean really, gee I get to pick my color for by big tiles? thats it? I was hoping these "live" tiles would be like customizable to a much greater extent then they are.  The other thing I dont like is the app store. It's niether layed out as well, nor does it have that many apps compared to the compitition. So, why five stars? well really it's about the phone. The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue. I do like this windows OS. I'm really hoping they will s**t or get off the pot (microsoft) and dedicate themselves to developing this OS.  It has that much potential. In general I hate most microsoft products, so I am really pleased even for it's shortcomings. All in all, considering the price it's really a five star phone.

just brilliant the way the windows OS in this phone integrates all your stuffs i.e social networks, mails, etc, the  1 ghz processor is quite proficient, you can actually see movies from streaming sources with no problem, two importants things were improved in newers versions that this one haven't: front camera and ecualizer integrated available when you are listening music, the bad news is the battery incluided doesn't last long, but you can buy a 3500 ma extended one and solved problem!!, i plenty sure this phone has the best cost/benefits relation ever for all  smartphones i've owned.

I got a damaged piece i guess .its battery discharges in half an hour and also it hangs often while surfing or texting . Hope to get replacement.

This phone is great.It functions well with my laptop,being windows 7 also is a plus.Simple to use,updated to 7.5 easily.Was already a Zune fan and this works well for my music also. Plenty of apps available. Overall,simplicity being the key.

Better than an I phone.  Excellent phone. This phone is perfect if you are a windows fan.  Only 1 draw back, (just my preference) is the ear speakers can be a little more on the volume.

I just got this phone and I really really like it. The only thing i Don't like that much is the microsd doesnt work as other platforms you have to wipe the phone and you are not supposed to remove the microsd card once installed. The amoled screen is amazing, the phone is really quick. I just put side by side with lumia 610 and this is the clear winner.  I used to have a Blackberry 8520 :S the worst BB available,About the seller Cell Lounge Inc. I like the customer service. I got one lg e900 that worked perfectly out of the box. but the samsung focus was blocked. So I contacted them and they submited the unlock code in less than 1 day. Now it is working really fine.

Purchased the phone for a relative who is in Europe. Shipped it off to her and she placed a sims card in it and works perfect.The phone arrived in its box with everything as stated by the shipper.

one the worse samsung cellphone to complicated, this windows version is nonsense compare with the previous one.the one before was much easier to use. this one the memory is a headache. because it become part of the phone and once is in ityou can not remove it

im very impressed with this phone.the battery life was a huge importance to me since i have had terrible luck with battery life in the past with other phones.especially blackberrys..it lasts atleast 15 hours on average!! it does take a bit longer to charge because it does have a large battery pack.but since smartphones use more power.it kinda needs the large battery.browsing the internet on it is amazingly fast and doesnt crash back to the home screen a lot like the iphones have done to me so many times.the speaker phone is loud and clear.the display is extremly beautiful.wow.the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.but oh well everything else makes up for it.there are so many pros than cons.i have my xbox live account synced with it so when i tap the xboxlive app tile it shows my avatar.i can customize that right from the phone.look at whos on there xbox and what they are playing! you can even write them messages to them on there xbox from your phone! the flash is very bright.it can even make taking pics outside in complete darkness and light up everything in the photo unlike a lot of phones that light things up but not like its daylight.everything about this phone destroys apples iphones in every way to me except the library of apps.they have the important ones to my liking.but they are growing!! my facebook is synced with my contacts list and so every contact i put in is link with there facebook with everyones status update next to there names and profile pic.this phone is just convenient in a lot of ways.i totally recommend it.

Pros:Nice OSNice ScreenNice CameraNice Mail management.Cons:Battery life: 1-day (You will have to charge the phone at night as an iPhone)HARDWARE NO GOODUpdate: March 17 2012Mine died like this: [...]

I loved this phone over other similar sized android phone for the following reasons:(Pros)1) I love the virtual key board over many phones i saw2) Easy to make calls, save contacts and back them up3) Easy to bring up camera and take photos( this phone has a hardware button to bring up the camera by holding it.4) Easy to back up your photos to sky drive or share in face book.. fever strokes required than any other OS5) best display from Samsung with gorilla glass(scratch less)6) Beautiful pictures (not as good as iPhone 4s but better than iPhone 4 and i love to watch my old pics a lot)7) All my Xbox updates at my finger tipsOverall i believe this is the best windows phone 7.To compare with similar android phones just Google "why WP7 is better than android" and "why android is better than wp7"second one gives no results.Many people who really used wp7 will definitely stick to it.Cons: Charging port is on the top, its a little hard to use the phone when its charging.

I have been using this phone for about two months by now. Before I bought the Samsung Focus I owned the HTC Surround, Apple's iPhone 3GS, and HTC Touch Pro. I will review not just the phone, because I think the OS is also very important when talking about a WP7 Phone.Dimensions and Characteristicsthe screen size is bigger than iPhone's 3G or 4G. Talking about image quality, I prefer the Focus, the image is brighter and color look awesome. This phone is really slim and light, the opposite of HTC Surround, which is much thicker and heavier because of the sliding speaker. The built in camera is good and you have a good flash light also which is nice to have when taking pictures in dark ambience, but of course, the image quality is much lower than using a digital camera.User InterfaceMicrosoft has done a great job redesigning the screens in WP7 (now WP7.5) with "Metro". You will see that the icons (which are called tiles) in the main screen are "alive" and are not static icons like the iPhone or Android or Blackberry. The tile gives you information about your contacts or a group of contacts (updates from Windows Live, Facebook, My Space, Messenger, Twitter and LinkedIn). Now many applications are using live tiles to give you specific information so don't have to launch the app to see some important information. Also live tiles make the main screen more attractive... I like them.Zune vs. iTunesAfter using iTunes for several years, I just realized that if you don't have an Apple's computer, then you will have some troubles using iTunes (at least that's my experience). I have to say that I like Zune much more than I like iTunes. Zune is all about multimedia, the user interface is really nice, full of watermarks which change depending of what you are viewing and that makes you enjoy using the software, the opposite feeling when I use iTunes which I consider boring and I use it because I have to in order to synchronize my iPod.TouchscreenI think Focus' touchscreen responds better than iPhone's 3GS or 4G. The screen responds incredible fast (compared to iPhone) and touch is very accurate (much better than I got in Touch Pro... I can't even compare them!)Marketplace vs. AppstoreIn Ecuador the items you can purchase from Appstore is very limited due copyright terms (but Apple opened many items last week for Ecuador). In US you will find a lot of more applications in Appstore than Marketplace, even though Microsoft is doing a great job with developers, but there is a long way to go. I would really like to have applications in Marketplace like Google Maps (even though you have gMaps) and Skype (which has been announced to be delivered be the end of 2011). If you think the applications are something really important when you have to pick your phone, then I recommend that you look at Zune or Marketplace if those applications you really like are available for WP7. If the application is not in available, then you can check at developer's forums if there are any plans to develop the software, but now you can find almost every great application in WP.KeyboardIf you are used to type using a built-in keyboard (like Blackberry 9300 or similar), then you will have some troubles while you get used to type on the screen. iPhone's and HTC's keyboard work pretty much the same, both respond fast and the size of the letters are good enough to type without making many mistakes. You can turn on the grammar checker that helps you to correct misspelled words (several languages now with Mango Update). Even though 99% of the time I write in Spanish, I have to say that the spell checker works great.Office HubI expected more from WP7 Office hub. The office applications are extremely basic and I still don't know how to synchronize documents from the phone to the PC (without using Skydrive), or transfer files from the PC to the Phone.ConclusionIn conclusion, I am not an expert about phones; but I have used several models and OS and I really like WP7 (which is completely different of Windows Mobile. WM was the worst OS I have used!).With Mango Update (also known as Windows Phone 7.5) you can create groups of your contacts and pin the group to the home screen. Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour).In the Message Hub now you can send messages not only using the regular SMS, you can send messages to your contacts in Messenger and Facebook Chat. The phone will let you know if the contact you are writing to is connected to one of those two networks (or both), otherwise it will suggest sending a regular SMS.I am really happy with this phone and I don't find any reason to go back to iPhone or change to Android. I also think this phone is better than HTC Surround due to a better screen, is lighter and has a better camera.

the only down side is windows is moving away from this platform. Zune pass no longer compatible with OS 7 cant update my music being forced to upgrade to a phone with windows 8 :( Its too bad bc I have had the phone for 3 years now and it still lasts for 2 days on a single charge. Really hate to see this one go.

The Samsung focus is an awesome phone I love it more than the iPhone, for it being an used phone the phone itself looks brand new and the graphics are eye-popping... Thanks amazon and bayside trading.

I had no problems purchasing this item. The phones were speedily shipped and came fully boxed and packaged and SIM unlocked.Windows Phone 7  is a joy to use - slicker and more elegant than either Android or Blackberry phones. I like it more than Apple phones as well. The handset and the interface both feel modern and high tech and a very easy to use. And the text on the phone is big - which makes it much easier to read than any other phone. Everyone who has seen it wants one.Two things you need to know.The phone has an AT&T; logo - which is a bit of a surprise when you first turn on the phone. And there is some bundled AT&T; software that takes 30 seconds to uninstall. So this is more of a very minor one off solvable issue than anything.The second is that the phone operating system needs to be upgraded from Windows 7 to Windows 7.5 (Mango). This requires downloading and installing Microsoft Zune on your computer, hooking your phone to your computer, and checking for upgrades. The upgrade process also takes 30-40 minutes. This is a bit of a hassle. But still worth it overall.I am very happy with this Samsung Focus phone and Windows Phone 7.

if you want a windows phone and doesn't want to spend too much, this is your horse.feels light and "cheap", that's what a case is for to protect it.every smart phone has a battery capacity problem, that's just physics and there is nothing we can do about it.screen is nice, and very responsive, music sounds very good.the only CON is: get ready to bundle yourself with Microsoft ZUNE to sync.used it for prepaid Tmobile plan...works great...plug SIM and chuggot a ZAGG screen shield for it...sweet

Phone arrived on time in new condition. After activating the phone is unable to hear volume being able to be heard. Also, there is no text to speech or gps available which is dissapointing. We would like a refund

I can't download any aplication in it, i really don't know what is the trouble cause i have the ZUNE program in my laptop but nothing...

The phone came new and unlocked, i loved the design and optimized functionality. The phone is very fast! My friends liked it very much too, also the ones with android phones

Hi guys!!I got samsung focus(Windows Phone) mobile recently....Iam Experiencing So Many problems In the phone within short span of time>....Without The help of ear phones iam unable to attend the calls....i think there is a problem with the Mic ...Now Iam in India...

Bought this cell phone in January and now it beeps all the time as if being charged. This causes the battery to drain really fast and the only way to stop the noise is to set it to vibrate. I've formatted and updated everything but it keeps beeping. I read on the net of several people having the same problem. Also the battery icon shows it to be charging even though it's not.Really disappointed in the quality of the hardware, WP 7.5 is great though. Nobody buys a cell phone expecting it to last 9 months for god's sake!!Samsung never again!!

I have an android phone, and this one I ordered for my dad, who was looking for something interesting, easy to use and CHEAP, so I ordered the focus, and WOW, now I am hooked with the smooth and nice operating system and excellent pics and videos. I'm ordering a new one for me hehe... 100% recommended, and works just fine in Venezuela

1 month in service and phone no longer works. Can't dial out and cannot receive calls. The only thing it is good for is text.

I received this I917 last Friday. Yes, the phone is unlcoked and it works with my T-mobile card. However, I got really disappointed that I couldn't use any applications. everytime i tired to go Marketplace or Xbox to play a game, then I searched online, i tried to upgrade, then it showed this phone can't upgrade.  it didn't funtion at all  except getting  phone calls. Today i found the pictures taken by this phone don't show any on the pictures icon. I thought it would be a good gift for my Christmas. I have to return to find a good one. I would recommend not to buy this phone.

I got this phone from "Unlocked Cell Phone Kings" and it appears to be just as new as it was advertised to be. It was a good value and connected to AT&T; very easily. I am using a $25/mo. off contract plan that allows unlimited texting and 250 minutes a month. The wifi connections have been very solid, so I am happy with that I decided to save 30 dollars a month while still getting the majority of the functionality I was looking for.Design: 4/5Overall I like the design. I would have liked it to be made out of more durable materials, but it certainly looks good. The front is a solid flat surface and the back is grayish with pin-striping that really is well done. The back is curved slightly, which helps to prevent it from being too slippery as it could be, with it being made out of smooth glossy plastic. The screen is very bright, but is made of plastic, so it could easily get scratched.Performance: 4/5It is fast enough. Downloads don't take long, and I have never seen a stutter. It upgraded to Mango without any issues using the Zune software I already had on my laptop. It plays Netflix perfectly with no noticeable pixelation or lag. It could load a couple of things faster, but overall load speeds are quite decent. The OS masks any slowdowns it might have by using fanciful transition effects.  Voice quality has been good, but there have been reports of echoing from people on the other end of the calls.Value: 5/5At $240 I will save $200 or more during my first year on AT&T;, and $400 or more during my second year. I call that value.

first of all i recieved this phone in perfect condition. i live outside the us in the caribbean and i had no problem connecting to the gsm digicel network. this phone is UNLOCKED and NEW when bought from seller AMAZON.com. the first thing i did do was to update the phone to wp7.5 mango, it took approx a hour. the screen quality is great, blacks are black and the touch screen is very responsive. i installed many apps however the adobe reader app doesnt display pdf properly but this is due to the app and not the phone however the android and ios versions of adobe reader are much better. this was a major peeve because i am a student with many books. however on the flip side the office suite preinstalled is very good. the camera is ok not great, i would say exactly average. the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side. the phone is fast responsive. overall for the price you are getting a galaxy s for about a hundred and a half less, but you have to use wp7.

after some time of using i realize that the network signal was bad i had to go outside of buildings to get the signal to make or receive a call other than that phone is great and multifunctional for personal use

This product is in perfect condition and I loved it when I got it. It lasts for forever and everything shipped right on time. I'm happy with my purchase =)

Bought mine from, Unlocked Cellphone Kings for $247US.I must say this, I am more than happy with my purchase. It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T; branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up.NOTE: (Its Unlocked as mentioned and also a world phone.)Along with this purchase, I also bought a Zagg Invisible Shield and installed it right after unboxing.Shipping only took 2 days and the packaging was done professionally.--Love my Samsung Focus.

I am very satisfied with this phone. The only thing that could be better would be the availibility of phone settings. I think this is a limitation of the Windows Phone 7 O.S. On the one hand, since there are few settings, it is easy to set up. On the other hand, since there are few settings, you can not pick and choose when to use your data plan versus your WIFI during a specific action. It is on or off for WIFI, DATA, BLUETOOTH, AIRPLANE MODE. (My old Nokia had the ability to ask which network to use for every connection, which I liked.)While it defaults to WIFI when WIFI is present, it turns off WIFI in sleep mode to conserve battery life. I was kind of shocked to find that I used up 10 MB one night while I was asleep. A quick search finds this as a common complaint.I am on AT&T;'s Pay-As-You-Go plan, 10 cents per minute and I prepay for data, $5 for 10MB, $10 for 100MB, and $25 for 500MB. What I do is to pay $5.00 per month for the data plan, which rolls over my available data. This works out to about $100 every 6 months or so.There were no problems whatsover getting this phone up and running. It connects nicely with Microsoft's Skydrive. You can enter all of your contacts and calendar entries in Hotmail, and it syncs nicely with your phone, to give you a constant backup.Nothing bad to say, it looks great, there are plenty of apps available, and overall, it's a winner.Edit: There is one thing I'm not used to. There are no reminders for missed calls or text messages. So, I do have to keep looking whenever I am away from my phone.

phone sucks really dum it freazes up it logs me out of windows store automaticaly and freazes when i log into facebook and youtube dosent work and super cheap camera bad photos  font buy.

This is the best phone I've ever used. I'm nearing the end of my contract now (2 years in) and the phone is still going strong. Defintely buying Wp7 again

The phone is visually atractive and the screen have a good size. But My advice is: Simply do not buy,The signal is too poor and windows phone sucks!!

have made the switch from an android(galaxy ace 5830) to windows phone and have no regrets. the screen is large and crystal clear. the UI is clean, simple and runs flawlessly. web browsing is fast. moving between web pages, apps, calls, text is so smooth. the only thing i miss about my android is SwiftKey app! call quality and speaker volume are very good. it really needs some king of case because it is very light and slick. the only reason i gave a 4 instead of a 5 is due to the fact i can't send mms. this is because i use a straight talk sim for att. it does not allow mms on older windows phone. excellent value. not a huge issue for me as there are many other ways to share media. i had my android samsung for 1 year and current samsung focus for a week. it is a learning experience and i am getting to like it more each day. battery is longer lasting than my galaxy ace. just wanted to add that amazon has been fantastic. i initially recieved the wrong item from seller. amazon customer service had the correct phone sent out in 2 days and a refund credit given immediately. service above and beyond.

If you really like windows then here ya go.  All in all it is great but it does have some differences from android devices.  Fewer apps and many of the popular ones -- think Facebook games-- are not available. Want music as text or notification sounds-- nope, only as ringtone or alarm.  It is easy to get it set up on StraightTalk with the AT&T sim, takes some patience to set data set up but once it is on no more worry and it is fast.  Has direct up link with the cloud, never lose another pic-- perfect to share with select group of people.  No phone is perfect but this one is closer than any other I have had.  It was an easy move from android to windows.

The sim card holder cells, where the sim card make contact and transfer the data, were broken, and i have to replace it with part of the main board, the cellphone can not recognize the sim in the actual condition, so it can't be operate, just as an Mp4.

I have to admit that I went by reviews in choosing this phone, and did not to proper research, other than reviews. I bought two of these obsolete Windows phones. They both have battery issues. They overheat and do crazy things. They overheat to the point that they may be dangerous. They came with no warranty, which should have been a red flag. MY FAULT!! That having been said, save your money!!!!!! Do research on issues in the geek blogs, not on reviews, which are not reliable. I even called Samsung for support and had to talk to several people before I got to someone who even knew anything about this product  Incidentally, this phone and some other models of Samsung Smart Phones are notorious for BLOWING UP! Caveat Em tor, Baby! 'Nuff said!

even  if there is no warranty the device should have work fro a few days and then give trouble but the phone should give trouble but it never came on at all tried to reset the phone and still the same problem so please note these guys that are selling products with no warranty naturally mean no good.

Just 3 months empeso hard to fail until he died was my case I'm not happy to be a team nokia

I choose this rating because of the constant noise the phone is making. I tried to stop it but I couldn't.There is a noise and the battery is not charging. I left it on charge for one night and nothing happened. I would like to return it. Please let me know the policy and I will return it as soon as possible.Thanks

Very VERY NICE Cellphone.  No matter it says Windows 7.0  Mine came with Windows Phone 7.5  and has plenty access to Marketplace Comes with 8GB and can be expanded via MicroSD  with addicional 32GB.

Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE.  ZUNE installs automatically when your windows seven detects the phone via windows update.  contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set..  i recommend for this matter to use a very strong password.

Most of the installed apps didn't work properly.  Marketplace only worked with music searches.  Then found out that Microsoft has a new app store.  Tried to get there using the built-in Internet Explorer but couldn't get any of the apps pages to load.  Connected to PC and found out that you have to download and install Zune for the PC to communicate with the phone.  Did that (which was slow) then tried to update phone software. Update process was verrrrry slow, the phone had to restart several times.  Then phone froze while re-starting.  Disconnected phone, turned on and off several times, took battery on and off several times, couldn't unfreeze it.  This didn't come with a printed manual either, so had to download that.  Discovered there's no reset button.I've owned several Nokia Symbian phones (am using an N8) and a couple of Android tablets.  Windows is pure junk by comparison.  Even Symbian, which is pretty much outdated, is a much more robust platform.Am returning this phone.  The hardware seemed pretty much promising so it's a shame it had to have this operating system.

Two I917 purchases -- first one defective, inaudible ear volume. I did some online checking but was unable to determine if cell-to-ear volume was a specific model weakness.  Three points from my ordering experience: 1) check the vendor's return policy before purchasing; 2) when you receive the order check the phone properties first--it's easy to become enchanted with smartphones to the point of overlooking the basic on ear use; 3) buyers should reflect on the liklihood that any unlocked cell listed is actually new.To date I've found my second phone to be sleek, with the Windows 7 system impressive.  Apps are increasingly available and diverse, not the walled garden of Iphone.Of contacting Samsung:  dealing with customer support (Samsung or any other) be aware you likely will interact with a rep--working from a script--who has no cellular expertise.  Check the manual carefully before entering the customer service ordeal.You'll be directed through two corrections, soft reset, and if the problem remains, hard reset. (You can find both on any model via web search).  If these two corrections fail you're at the point of sending the phone in for repair or returning to seller.If you do need to contact Samsung, I found Facebook easier than web site contact.  Twitter is also an option.

i used this phone for about 2 months and so far it is good. i added a 16gb memory card and a hardcase. updated to mango and it works great. only thing, when i am on a call i get this black screen and i can not end the call until other person hangs up. i bought two of this phone and other one is working just fine. i tried resetting it but it didnt help. its frustrating that i have to wait for the call to be ended by the receiver especially if no one answers and i have to wait until voice message come on. any fix for this problem?

WAS NOT happy at first because we could not get the back to  stay on.  Had to get younger generation to do it.  I love it now; the pictures are beautiful

super easy to use. its an ausome smartphone. i use an at&t go phone sims. $25 plan i go right now and there is no problems. its big on techs without the high price. big screen, thin phone, its light. best phone ever!

The phone is pretty much as expected, case is perfect, screen is perfect, its like new but its a phone and therefore i have to be able to actually HEAR people with it in other words the auricular is messed up, i cannot use it unless i put it on speaker phone, big dissapointment.

My son wanted a &#34;phone like yours, mom&#34;, so we ordered it.  Easy to use Win7 phone is extremely intuitive.  My 19 year-old loves it and can't imagine life without it now.

Great purchase. Took the phone to India and it works right out of the box.Unlocked: YesThe sound quality is amazing for a phone and so is the camera..My friend has the samsung omnia and the focus tops it in every aspect except for the plastic casing which seems to be of poor quality. Was able to update it to Mango in no time. Bluetooth seems to have some issues but havent tried to test it completely.

Straight from the vendor the phone is, in fact, unlocked (we use it on T-Mobile, but it should work with any GSM network with a SIM card, but NOT Verizon or Sprint or CDMA networks).  This is our second Samsung Focus (the first was directly through Amazonwireless) and we love this phone!  AT&T; has dropped the ball big-time on updates, however, and you can only upgrade it to WP 7.5 Mango.  There are several security/bug fix updates in between WP 7.5 and 7.8 that AT&T; will not allow Microsoft to push to your phone, but overall this is a great entry-level smart phone and you simply cannot beat the price now that it has been out a couple of years.  Since the phone is branded to AT&T; (even though it is unlocked and can be used on any GSM network) you will simply not be able to get any updates on this phone until AT&T; decides to bless you with them (which in all likelihood based on their history, is NEVER).Also, the box that the phone came in was sealed, but did not have "Samsung" or "AT&T;" anywhere on the box except a printed out sticker.  The original Focus I got from Amazonwireless directly, had a normal flashy orange AT&T; box with Samsung written all over it.  The product manual inside of this new unlocked phone's box also suspiciously does not say Samsung or AT&T; on it.  To make matters worse, the little info sticker with the serial numbers on it below the battery does NOT say Samsung on it (unlike our first Samsung Focus directly from Amazonwireless did).  When I first got the package, it screamed COUNTERFEIT to me.  ***see update below***  But upon opening it, the phone appears to be constructed the same.  I powered on and set up the phone and then installed a Benchmark app on it, and it performs the same as my original Focus does.  To top it off, I called Samsung directly and told them about my concerns.  After describing everything to them and even giving them my phone's IMEI number (serial number), they assured me that it was a genuine Samsung product (but the representative had no explanation for why the packaging looked so suspicious).In any event, the phone itself is a solid 5 stars.  AT&T; gets 1 star for neglecting their customers by not allowing security and bug fixes on phones they offer (which is partially why we switched carriers in the first place).  But because of the update issue and the unusual packaging, I dinged the phone down to 4 stars.  But like I said, for an entry-level smart phone WITHOUT extending your contract, you simply cannot beat the price, and the whole Windows Phone system is a wonderfully refreshing alternative to Android and Apple (IMHO).***update*** I received the Focus and it appeared to work perfectly at the time I wrote the original review, but then when we tried to take a picture with the phone a week into owning it, there was a large yellow-discolored area in the center of the screen as if someone tried to take a picture of the sun or something insane like that and burned out the image sensor.  That got me thinking that perhaps the phone was refurbished rather than brand new (which might also explain the knock-off looking non-Samsung box).  I did some reasearch and have come to the conclusion that I almost certainly received a refurbished phone (an internet search on how to spot refurbished phones was VERY helpful).  The seller had good customer service though and sent us a label to send back the defective phone and sent another "new" one at no charge.  This "new" phone was actually in the factory Samsung box this time.  However, the box was scratched and the phone itself also had other tell-tale signs of being refurbished (although if I hadn't researched the topic it would have appeared brand new to me).  This time around, however, I ran diagnostics on the phone the moment I opened the box and set up the OS and everything seems to be working perfectly.  A final follow-up question to the seller about whether they might be getting supplied with refurbished phones instead of "new" phones from their supplier has so far gone unanswered, but I'm almost positive that's what is happening here.  I can't be too mad because the price we paid for the supposedly "new" phone was actually less than other sellers were charging for a refurbished phone, but a little bit of honesty here would be nice.  In any event, I encourage you to research how to spot a refurbished phone on the interet for more information.  In my non-expert opinion, in retrospect, I highly doubt any carrier-branded phone (i.e. with AT&T; logo on the front) can come factory unlocked.  So if you see a listing for "unlocked" and "new" in the same sentence, I personally doubt the accuracy of that listing and urge you to contact the seller in advance to double check.  When phones come back from the factory after service work, or they get refurbished to be resold, it is a well-documented fact that they are usually unlocked at THAT point.  So be forewarned, if a carrier-branded phone is "new" it is most likely locked, and if a carrier-branded phone is unlocked, it is most likely not new.  I have lowered the rating down to 3 stars due to what I think is likely inaccurate marketing.

The firstone I got was dead quickly returned and got another one. Works great so far. Up graded OS to 7.5 easilyand got a few apps that all work well and run fast. I use the phone mainly as a phone and I must say the sound quality on calls both ways is the best I have ever had on a cell phone. In the past I have had Nokias, Motorolas, LGs and other Samsungs but none of them have ever come close to the call clarity and volumn as this Focus.

We purchased this phone in September--delivered on September 19. Was working great until this past Saturday when we decided to "update" the phone as per the "update" messages on the phone. As soon as the updates were complete and the computer screen gave the OK to use the phone again, we turned it on and then the phone went crazy!!!! It kept turning itself on and off. We called Samsung directly and they had us hard boot the phone. After several attempts, the hard boot completed, but the problem was still the same. I know the description says no warranty, but if this is a "new phone" as advertised, I would think we should be able to get our money back (or replacement). Planning to call to selling company to see if that would be an option--if this truly was a "new phone", it should not have died  after only six weeks of use. Very sad.

Wow, not a great product. I'm an Apple guy, but surprisingly, i actually like the layout of this Windows phone! However, its battery life is terrible, and goes off by itself sometimes. Makes it really not worth it...

After one month using my phone, it stopped working.It stayed freezed on Samsung logo screen. I asked for Samsung support, shipped them my phone and they sent it back to me saying that there was nothing wrong with it, only updated the software.I got it back and by the first windows update, it freezed again. So, Samsung, never more!

I love the Samsung Focus,  it's a great phone.  I hate the Windows OS and the fact this it was once an ATT phone with their controlling software on it.  can't even upload music to it.  The gps is useless.  Camera is decent,  but downloading pictures to an Apple Mac is impossible.  Windows is too restrictive of a platform to use.  I use mine for a phone and alarm clock.

Got this as a gift for my son and he loves it...said it was the best phone he's ever had since he was born, he only 14. LOL

Wrong usb core included in the package. I have to use a wire of mine for charging and connecting to my PC

This Cell Phone arrived in perfect conditions, in the correctly time with all accessories. It's very nice and good cell!!

Phone keeps restarting after five minutes of use, as doenst come with warranty i just bought the most expensive paperweightbad product

I got this unlocked phone and has been a nightmare from day 1. The phone boots itself out of the blue, for several times in a row. Sometimes I have to power off and wait for several minutes before I power it on again so it does not begin its repeatedly booting circle process. When I connected it to my laptop with an updated Zune software, the update process began but finished leaving my phone in a bricked state (laptop was always connected to the power outlet, no unplugging of USB cable). I hate this. Other people I know with the same phone model love it (I have seen their phones and they work fine), not mine.

This is the best phone for durability if you constantly drop your phone. I've dropped mine countless times, even once on solid rocks and it didn't get a scratch on it. The only thing that might count as a glitch is that it might drag a little but it's nothing major and it resolves really fast. i don't want to give mine up but I want to upgrade to a phone that has a front facing camera. After a year and four months it still works perfectly. An added bonus to a windows phone is that fact that you can run Microsoft Office off your phone. So yeah, if your looking for a very durable phone with little to no glitches this is the perfect phone for you!

This phone is a high quality phone, however in due time it will be rendered obsolete. I only use it for Development. And, it's been rated in the top 10 on many other SmartPhone review websites. It was delivered with excellent packaging and a manual and extra protection on the screen and backside. If you plan on developing for the Windows Phone which has less than 2 percent of the entire phone market, then this cost-efficient phone is the one to get. Besides, with the popularity of the Iphone4s you may want to concentrate on iOS until the Windows Phone becomes worthy of Indie development. lolIn other words, the phone is great, however the OS is not quite ready to compete with Android or iOS at this point in terms of popularity. :)

wp7is greater than i thought,it was faster and clean,i don't need to worry about rom or ram is not enough anymore

I bought this phone for my father and I'm very disappointed. This phone worked great for a week and then whenever you call its screen goes off and the only way to unlock it to restart the phone or if someone will hang from other side.Second problem it shows locked screen all the time, i changed SIM, Battery to test and no change. I am not even able to go in settings due to this.And the worst scene there is no warranty. So this phone is useless for me.I will never suggest this phone to anyone, very disappointed and I feel like I have been scammed.

Perfect Phone. Thanks.The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.

A very useful phone, if you are getting used to the windows operating system. Has amazing features for the price

the product is fine as usual, but this time I received a big heavy box, my previous purchase of this very same phone was a lot more light.

This really sucks. I used the phone for overseas on my last trip and it worked fine for texting and calls. The internet on it was capable too. The Windows software needed lots of work and it is not refined like Apple IOS not even close. Of course you aren't paying the same price. I could only upgrade the software once thru Zune. I was about to look in my phone to possibly do the updates as others have said they done, but my phone would not turn on. I am flabbergasted as I've barely used the phone. I can't recommend this phone. When I got to use it, it worked fine in it's basic of basic ways. The OS was definitely lacking but it's simplicity was beautiful. Unfortunately there is something wrong with the hardware on this device for it not to turn on. I tried charging it. I tried pulling the battery, nothing has worked. I started researching my problem and found that this seems to be a problem with this phone. Move on from here. It's not worth the risk.

This product words wonderful .... It's was brought as a replacement for my daughters first Focus phone ... And she loves it

I Cant seem to get whatsapp downloaded on this phone it's a pain in the neck.Well the other features are nice but i wish the whatsapp would work, and i dont like the fact that my windows live info comes up instead of my contact list.

HelloActually I'm not very comfortable with the phone that I got, because I think they are not new, but that's ok, thanks

I love the phone, its works perfectly but its too big and I'm not a fan of the shape either.  Although the price was right.

Time for the review. In short, I am very happy with my purchase. I was under the false impression that smart phones were very expensive and the data packages were still $20-25 extra a month. You CAN turn data on this phone OFF (Settings, Cellular, Data Connection) and just use the WI-FI but I chose to have a package that allows me some browsing at only $10 extra a month.This is with T-mobile.This phone does not come with a computer cord, and there is already an update available for it, so I strongly recommend purchasing a USB cable for it so you can update immediately. WITHOUT THE UPDATE, YOU CAN'T ACCESS APPS. The updates are free.I also could not get picture messages without downloading the app called Network Profile which is also a free app.Now that the apps and picture messages are working, I can safely say it is a very nice phone.After the update you can also voice text, which is the only thing I wished this phone had prior to me downloading the update. Now it does.This is a Windows operating system which means only Windows apps are available. You can't get Instagram, Snapchat, or a lot of other popular ones. When an app is created it's almost always made for Apple or Android products first, and Blackberry and Windows devices later, if at all. So that kind of sucks.The price on this phone tends to fluctuate. I paid $135 and a week later my sister paid $98.

I bought this pone over a year ago and I still working perfect, is small, great design, the camera takes great quality pictures for 5MP

To anyone...I have an old jail breaked iphone which is not supported anymore and has a T-Mobile SIM card.  Does this phone uses a SIM card?  Would it work with T-Mobile?  Thanks

This phone was not comparable with my t mobile sim card, and was very slow. I am extremely unsatisfied. Will not be buying an unlocked phone again

The package arrived on time and it was brand new out of the box.  For real, it was like I bought it brand new out the store.

Pros1)  Operates in much the same manner as a scaled down Windows/PC computer.2)  Expandable Memory.3)  Update to 7.5 Mango operating system (download online for free, justsearch on bing, ask, or google.com) and can use Skype.4)  Internet Explorer with up to six simultaneous tabs.5)  Wi-Fi.6)  Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint7)  Bluetooth.8)  Speakerphone voice quality is accurate.9)  Microphone and speaker for phone handset to head functions well.10)  Compact, sturdy.11)  Hotmail synchronizes with account accessible via computer.12)  Can open and read pdf attachments.Cons1)  Flash player functionality not supported. (However, most youtube, cbs60 minutes, wall street journal videos are viewable)2)  When using skype you may infrequently experience echo, to circumvent thethe echo use a Jabra Tour speakerphone with bluetooth pairing which hasnoise cancelling software.  If your are using this phone to make callswithout skype (AT&T; or other compatible carrier -- there will be no echoproblems and the Jabra speakerphone will not be necessary).

I owned a top-notch Android device for a while, but I wasn't a big fan of the clutter - the speed issues for a phone which was expensive at the time, the speculation over whether i'll get that upcoming update or whether my carrier will decide I don't really need it, installing ROMs to make it run better. Android, for me, felt like a mess.So I looked for something simple and powerful. It was either a Windows phone or an iPhone.The iPhone had a high price tag, and the Windows phone seemed... different. I thought i'd give it a go.that was a great decision.Windows phone is fast, elegant, has loads of content and it's just fun to use. No hassle, has everything I want - a great music experience, a fast browser, great apps and games and Facebook integration.The Samsung focus is a good piece of hardware: the screen has vibrant colors, the speakerphone is very strong and clear, it's fast and its design is both elegant and stylish.My beef with this phone has to do with its SD card slot. It was advertised as having expandable memory, but SD cards seem to malfunction when used. No official SD card is available for this smartphone, so it's basically a moot feature.Overall, this is a wonderful smartphone and I would highly recommend buying it. With its current price tag, it's a real steal.

Samsung Focus 1917 is good in that it is more responsive and user-friendly than the old samsung android that i use to have.  The touch screen is awesome and os layout is very easy to navigate.  But somehow when i connect it to my home wifi and try to download apps, music and games, it wouldn't connect to my windows live account.  I also tried to update the os and it wouldn't budge.  What is the problem?  I tried to go online and find answers on the windows phone and not support whatsoever.  The Windows 7 mobile os is not working on my phone.  This is the primary reason why i give it 3 stars and not 4 or 5.

This phone started having issues about 5 months aftyer I purchased it NEW! Started researching the problems and came up with a plethora of problems others are having with this unit. I have had issues with Samsung products in the past and decided to try one out again. BAD DECISION. I would say AVOID!

hello some one have this iteme in white color? by the same price........................... because I really like so much in white.

Great phone.. Work well in Sudam&eacute;rica in telef&oacute;nica MOVISTAR or claro. Only update the OS and enjoy the phone ....

Bought this for my father 9 months agoAnd phone surprisingly still going strong .He loves it great for beginner smartphone userIt's stuck on windows 7.5 so of u looking for 8 or up then don't buy .but for a beginner smartphone user who wants to dip his feet into the smartphone world without any of the bells and whistkes other phones have then this is great .( at time of purchase price was great )

This Phone is not worth your money and time, don't waste it on it. I bought one and just worked for like 4 to 5 months, the last month it just started to shut down by itself and did get stuck on the logo Samsung, where you need to reboot just to repeat the cycle over and over again.Don't get me wrong, I love amazon, but this is the worst product I've ever bought online, I don't think amazon should be selling this.

There is one real problem with the phone.I have T-Mobile and you can not send or receive picture messages.I am not alone with  this problem with this phone.Other than that the phone is ok.

Bought this as I am a WinPhone 7 developer. Overall, the phone didn't disappoint, but the OS can be made much better. On the other hand, the OS is decent, may be lack of good apps in the store for WP7.

If you are wanting to give a Windows smart phone a try this phone I highly recommend it. It's a nice solid phone. I've had mine for 4 months and I'm still pretty happy with it. The back is plastic with good looking pinstripes and some might complain that adding a certain cheapness to it but I disagree. It still looks great and very easy to remove if necessary and if made from metal would only increase overall weight and probably be a little trickier to remove having to line up slots just right. As it is it snaps off and on with ease. The overall feel is good and solid with nice curved edges making it a good looking phone as well. The 5 mega-pixel camera takes good pics too. The Super-Amoled touchscreen is great and easy to see in almost all light conditions even under a bright sun.The Windows os; as far as I can tell I like it. I can't comment on the Android or ios as I haven't used them. I can only say that what I've read is that Android is a mess. It is by far the most popular and looks like it will be for sometime. It appears that Google has very low if any standards in place for phone manufactures. Many of them with the hardware needed to fully run Android. Windows has placed standards on how Windows phones should be made so they run smoothly with little or no issues and at the same time keeping requirements at a level to keep accessible to most consumers. Most comments I've read about I phones is that while at one time cutting edge are not anymore as their platform is getting stale, have run out of ideas, running on brand only. Windows was designed with the user in mind to have an interface easy and intuitive to use and customizable enough for almost everyone and have become the one with the ideas now.There are some caveats I'd like to point out. The button placement could be better. The lock-screen button is directly opposite of the volume and too easy to press when trying to adjust volume. The light sensor works and locks the screen when making a phone call but not when putting it in a pocket or purse. It won't automatically lock itself leading to pocket calls, pictures of your pocket and voice commands. The only way to prevent this is to remember to press the lock-screen button. One of my fears is this button wearing out fast from having to use it so much. Most of these phones will be AT&T; phones so be prepared. They have Windows 7.5 and no plan or talk to release any update. There are several work-arounds to this. One being to plug phone in to computer, start the Zune software, click on phone update under the settings then unplug the internet connection from the computer after 2 or 3 seconds. It's real tricky to say the least and one that I couldn't ever get to work. There is a cab file to download on your computer and do it that way. The easiest is an application called seveneighter that will do the whole thing for you. I used that method a month ago without any problems.I recommend going to the windowsphone subreddit for any help you might need. Samsung has a user manual available on their website with many tips and information not available anywhere else. Windowsphonehacker.com has the seveneighter file that I mentioned to update your phone with great help articles as well.

This phone, coming from a previous Samsung phone user, is absolutely amazing. I have never had or even played with a phone this stellar. Previously I have had a blackberry, a galaxy and a gravity. There are many well created things that go along with this phone but at the same time, there are a few downsides. Here's a pros cons list to help out...Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T; cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone. Anyways overall, I would say that this phone is a 9/10 for battery use and X-Box live. I would HIGHLY recommend this phone if you are between two different ones.

being a phone that came out 2 years ago it still holds up among the latest today. i got it on sale so it was a no brainer. the screen looks amazing. for the price why not buy this phone

First off I have had this phone since August of 2011 so I have many great days of experience with this phone and what it can and can't do. Lets focus on the CAN DO part since there are so many more!It CAN:o Have an UNLIMITED amount of Email Accounts including military accounts.o Shoot HI DEF Video with great compression due to being a Microsoft WINDOWS 7 Operating System.o Can shoot thousands of photos before the 8GB of space fills up!o Works great with any Windows product because the same dudes designed ito Can take a beating. I've dropped mine several times, and nothing happened to it. NOTHING!o easy to work on. I've modified a few things on mine and it was SUPER easy to take apart with a video from YouTube.como Open OFFICE Documents, and .PDFs easily without any fancy anything.o HAS N-WIFI, need I say anything else?o has the FULL version of IE 9.0.xxx internet browser, so you can go to any website!o lots of applications for sale and for free. Not as many as DROID or iPhone but catching upo High Def Screen built at the Factories in S.Korea. SAMSUNG makes most of the internal parts for Apple, Nokia, Sony, etc..o Easy to use. So fricken easy to use!o Low Cost Smart Phone Option - Dude, got mine with an upgrade at AT&T; and it cost $49.99. WOW! The iPhone was $299.99 at the time.o it can mow your lawn...OK it can't mow the lawn! But it can turn the lights, alarm system, and my car on from my bed!o SKYPE, yep, video call for free with a wifi connection.o it's 3G system, which is still fast enough to STREAM video from YouTube or wherever!o has great reception, unlike the other guys ;-)o it's light, black, and SEXY as heck :-)What it can't do:o Cooko Cleano Make Babieso wash your caro take out the trasho brush your teeth---The only issue I have with this phone, which is minute, is the 1800mah battery. That is it, it needs the 3200mah battery factory. Otherwise it is a near perfect option for the entry level user of the Smart Phones.I am upgrading to the Galaxy SIII in a few months (maybe) but I will ALWAYS LOVE my Focus.I recommend this phone to anyone who wants a SOLID easy to use phone that has so many capabilitiesGabe Boudreau

After i broke my focus I bought from att, I tried to save a little money buying from amazon, i bought my replacement from blutekusa, it came fast like they said and in a different box then at&t woulda came in, after two weeks i tried to plug it into the computer and it said device was malfunctioning, they sent me a new one as said, second came with no plug for the wall outlet charging and after two days it wont stop turning on and off! i will never buy from these companys again!

at first this was awesome.. but then it stoped working.  it worked for maybe 4 months.  the service this unlocked phone got was horrible.  come to find out, it was becouse it wasnt really unlocked.  it was still AT&T and we dont have thier coverage where i live.

SCREEN:The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.SOUND:The Speaker and call quality is very good. I have used a lot of phones and I can tell you this is the best yet. The speaker phone sounds just as good as a full size home phone. Compared to my daughters new iPod, the Focus speaker is way better, and she even admitted it.SPEED:Windows Phone 7 powered by the snapdragon 1GH processor is very fast. No lag, no screen delay, no issue flicking and scrolling. Fast internet browser as well.FEATURES:I am very impressed how polished Windows Phone 7 is, and I think its going to get better.  Microsoft is putting a great deal of money into it and consumers get the reward.  The Windows Phone 7 live tiles are so much better than old school icons on most other phones.SUMMARY:This phone is truly ahead of its time. There are people that will say the iPhone or Android is better, but that is only bias because they probably have never used this phone and compared the features I mentioned above.  I am also looking forward to the WP7 mango update that has 500+ more features.  This phone is amazing.- UPDATE 11/22.  Running latest windows phone 7.5 mango update. Works great. A lot more high quality apps are now available. My wife got the same phone for free at ATT with 2 year contract. For $200 samsung now has a Focus S (based on the Galaxy S 2) which I guess is the next gen for this phone.  Try it!

The Samsung Focus is a great phone - light weight, 4.3" screen size, battery life that lasts 15+ Hours (see my usage below). The Windows Phone OS is amazing - the Live tiles are refreshing and the OS is fluid and fun. I particularly love the People hub where you can see all your contacts, social networks and recent communications in one view.However, in a market increasingly dominated by iOS and Android, Microsoft is finding it difficult to attract developers for many apps. Most of my "everyday" apps such as Facebook, Twitter, Stocks' weather etc are available, however some amazing apps such as Pinterest, Instagram, Temple Run, Pulse are all missing.I am a gadget freak who enjoys using different devices with no fanboy-like attachment. At my house we have iPhone 5, iPad Mini, MacBook Air, Nexus 4, several Windows laptops, Xbox 360, Samsung Focus, and Samsung Focus S. I will be replacing the Nexus 4 with a Galaxy S4 soon. From all the different platforms I have used, I like WP7 the most for the great user experience and fast interface. I wish the platform had better apps available - one of the only reasons I use Android and iOS as my backup devices.

The phone is wonderful in almost every aspepct. Windows Phone is always snappy and easy to use and understand. The camera, screen, sound are very good. The battery can make it through the tought business days. The phone is also very light :). The shipping of the phone was very fast and even earlier than expected.

I bought two of this. One worked fine. The other one didn't at all. The one with the problem was not able to start and it was impossible to fix it. I live in Mexico so, instead of returning it, I tried to reinstall the software downloaded from Samsung site. Never worked. Send it to a professional repair shop, they couldn't fix it either. Bottom line... I lost my money! I know that if you leave in the USA, you can return it instead, but with the &#34;no warranty&#34; warning... why take the chance?

Okay, So I ordered my phone from Amazon Warehouse.  I got my phone, and learned it was not unlocked; however, if a person were to do a simple google search, there are many instructions on how to do this very easily!  To give a product 1 star just because it didn't come unlocked seems very unreasonable.The phone itself is great.  I have no contract currently, but using existing wifi I am able to download apps, music, games, and many more things.I only removed one star because it did not come unlocked but I do not feel it should be a score of 1 star.I was able to unlock the phone myself, but I will not give out the instructions, like I said, google is your friend.The phone is responsive and sleek.  The plastic is a little cheap, but not by much.  The screen can be wiped of finger prints easily.  I am going to be getting a screen protector and a case for this phone later on.  A lot of the windows games that play on this phone seem to do okay.  Some of the real knew games lag a bit but I feel it is still good quality.Because this phone is refurbished, I thought I would get it with some scratches or blemishes.  This is not so.  It came without any problems!  I was very surprised.Amazon Warehouse rules!If a person has the money, get this phone but if you have even MORE money, get an android or apple product because their stores have millions of apps and games while windows is still building theirs.

It is light, thin & sturdy. The camera is decent for the price. It performed fast enough for normal everyday use. I paired it up with an AT&T compatible SIM from net10 and voila! Got voice, text and internet working perfectly in a mountainous region. A great alternative for those who are considering the contract free route.

the scratch on the screen was not as mild as described, in fact there were multiple scratches. wish I could get a discount. additionally the phone is a bit slow.

i had some issues with it at first, and i'm a bit upset with the lack of apps, but all in all, it's a great phone, it's fast and very easy to use...so overall, a great purchase.

This is the best smart phone that I've ever owned and the new Windows 7 Mango software is easy to use and fast. I am not a big app user but the games and apps that I have loaded are also very good. The screen is large and bright and the touch controls are very responsive. My next phone will be another Samsung Windows based phone. I'm trying to think of a complaint and don't have one.

Unfortunately, This cell phone is not the original AT&T; package. Not the Orange one, but a blue one with a SAMSUNG Logo. The Battery is empty, but is not new, produced in 2010. Handset is new, but also not with original package.The phone have no scratch but smells bad, doesn't have the new one's taste. But it is unlocked and seems new. I'm a little bit confused why amazon sell the fake/renew one? How do you take control of the quality? So i give amazone.com a bad feedback!

nice phone and very easy interface . zune application is simple and i installed mango update with no effort . also i managed to use 32 gb micro sd card .

This phone is a waste of money. It lasted only 3 months before it started malfunctioning. It constantly restarts (between 5-13 times a day), which can be very annoying as it will do it at random - in the middle of phone calls, playing music, heck, while it is laying perfectly still on a desk charging overnight. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!! Don't just listen to me though, just do some research and you will see just how many problems this phone has.

This phone has a great antenna that gets great signal wherever I go. It's fast and app storage only limited by the  size of the sd card.  I use it with an AT&T MVNO and had to do a little hocus pocus to get MMS to work. This one is my 2nd Focus. I just wanted a backup and have invested myself fully into this delightful phone.

The phone looks great and I thought had all I needed.  My problem is trying to upgrade the software so I can access all the features.  I have yet to get support from AT&T, Samsung, Windows, and others.  I am able to use basic features but, it sucks not being able to do anything else.  Anybody want a phone!

I had an iPhone 3G for almost 3 years and was pretty certain I was going to upgrade to the iPhone 4S, but after playing with a friend's Samsung Focus for a bit, I figured I'd give Windows Phone 7 a try.  I was able to purchase this phone without contract for the same price as purchasing a new iPhone 4S from ATT and extending my contract.  I just popped my SIM card in and I was good to go--my grandfathered-in unlimited 3G iphone plan worked perfectly.The device itself is great.  The construction is mainly hard plastic--which versus the iPhone's glass and metal, initially felt cheap to me, but its holding up well even after taking a few spills and SO much lighter than the iPhone.  Nice curved edges and a slight taper from the top to bottom are nice design touches and make the device really nice to hold.  The 5MP camera takes great pictures (flash works suprisingly well) and the 720p video is great.  The 4 inch AMOLED screen is almost unbelieveable sharp and the colors are incredibly vibrant.  If you have never seen an OLED screen, you will be suprised at how nice it looks.The OS is where this phone really shines.  Yes, the appstore is lacking a lot of the popular apps that I loved on the iPhone, but it is getting better.  The OS is super responsive, scrolling is super smooth, animations are consistent, pinch-to-zoom is just as good as the iPhone (and much better than the Android devices I've used).  The Zune media player is great (even has an FM radio) and I find the interface to be much more intuitive than the iPhone.For this price, you'd be hard to find a better unlocked phone.

I started using it just last week. It has exceeded my expectation , i must say. It was released in 2010 , but it was infact much ahead of time, no other contemporary phone is still as smart as it is. The body is sleek , easy to handle. Camera and video quality is excellent. Touchscreen can not be any better.Lots of app are available , so definitely i would recommend anyone who wants to buy a smartphone at a reasonable price. 8 gb internal memory is a plus, as no other unlocked phone at this price offers such a big amount of internal storage. However , you may face some problems using external sd card.The phone came with windows phone 7.0 operating system. The apps were not available then , because 7.0 is a too old operating system to render the current web pages. Then i upgraded it to 7.8 , the change is amazing. Now, it's just like a new phone released 4 months ago.

i rate the phone 5 stars because i like itwhat i dislike is that  the box u pack it in was over too big  and plus i did not get my head phones

I have this phone for a few months, still working perfecly for every function. the only problem is that it's hard to connect to PC  for updating system at very first time. I tried many PC, finally work at my old XP window PC. The other issues is windows phone has much less App.

The phone itself seems to be new, however it comes with an older style charging cable only. I had to buy a data cable at at&t which doesn't seem to be the oem cable but rather a generic micro usb charge cable so I can't update the phone. This is a problem because i can't access the marketplace as this is 7.0 and is no longer supported. Otherwise it's a good price and a fast and snappy product.UPDATE: Just make sure you get the right sync cable or the computer won't recognize it. Amazingly smooth and quick especially after Mango update.

This is my first windows phone.Before buying this phone I did some research in the net and I found quite better reviews about samsung focus amongst most windows phones. But I was little confused because I was a huge fan of HTC phones. After couple of days I finally went for Samsung focus.After using this phone, now I can say I made the right decision because I am loving it.Go for focus...........

This phone meets all my requirements as for what I really wanted , all the specs this phone has , on another device or OS would have costed me at least 50 dollars more , and this phone has a nice style and windows phone runs quick in this phone , with android it would be lagging , but it runs very smooth here , I made a good choice since I lasted some time b4  buying a phone , and I did many comparisons in gsmarena.com wich helped me a lot , I think this is the best phone I could get unlocked for that money

The delivery was stressful, being I paid for EXPRESS delivery and It still arrived at the standard speed.. So that SUCKED!!!  Then, packaged was recieved well, brand new, everything included as stated, nothing more, nothing less. At first glance after turning it on and having my network run it, I will admit slight disappointment, being that without its update, the phone is pretty much locked from all it's features; in other words, you will REQUIRE a windows computer with Internet access in order to do its software update. However, once all that is done with, this phone is AMAZING!! I never had a windows phone previous to this one, but I don't think I'll ever go back to Android, Blackberry, nor IOs ever again!!!! Windows is definitly the future!! Am a fully satisfied costumer, though the minus 1star is for the delivery process!

loving it since the functionality exceeds pricing. lets hope i'm able to upgrad it to 7.5. So far it is the best windows 7 phone.

Once again, a product developed half way.Hardware: once your battery is completely drained, you can not recharge it completely using this device.Software: It is in between a smart-phone and a dull-phone. Lacks of so many features. If you are used to Android, this is a nightmare. I was not able to configure the phone to use the internet with another provider, even it is sold unlocked.

My Question to Windows Tech:I've changed my windows live ID not knowing what all that would screw up, so now I need to change it back to my original ID. Please help.Tech Reply:Please be advised that once you change your Windows Live ID, a waiting period of 6 Months will take place before you are allowed to again change your email address. Since you mentioned that you already renamed your account, I would recommend that you change your Windows Live ID after 6 months and see if you would encounter any error message.My Response:Wow, that's stupid! Why does it let you change it to begin with? From reading other posts and forums it sounds like this is a big issue. People are changing it not knowing it'll screw up their windows phone. What's the benefit to Microsoft for waiting 6 months to let a Windows Phone owner change their ID back to the previous ID after a screw up? It's not like you guys informed us of this issue. If I've got to wait 6 months to get my phone syncing again, I'm going to drop this Windows Phone for another phone ops at the end of my contract in 4 months.Tech Response:Although I really want to help you with this issue, the system is desgined to have a waiting period for Windows Live ID that has been changed. This is to avoid conflicts on other accounts. Also, please understand that, as moderators, we are bound to follow strict guidlines. I apologize for the inconvenience.

Very unhappy. The box came open, it makes me think lime is used. This phone brings an operating system that should be updated (wp7) but it turns out the connection on the usb port does not work which precludes performing any data transfer. offer a new product in perfect condition and it was not what I got.

In EnglishI feel cheated and deceived by this store Mercy. I bought this phone I was saying is that you have unlocked and locked bands since I can not use it in Venezuela. please i need my phone to be replaced by you who were the ones I sold this phone Samsung focus I917. IMEI 352982042840648en espa&ntilde;olme siento estafado y burlado por esta tienda Mercy. Compr&eacute; este celular que decia desbloqueado y resulta que tiene las bandas bloqueada ya que no puedo utilizarlo en Venezuela. por favor necesito que mi celular sea reemplazado por ustedes que fueron los que me vendieron este celular Samsung focus I917. IMEI 352982042840648

the phone is completely value for money. I have updated the phone to Mango version and its amazing. Windows Phone has all of the useful maps in marketplace. Voice clarity is good. Camera is OK. the screen and UI are the best partPeople interested in tweaking the phone can do it by a method called window break. I have enabled a lot of features using that

It was really a very bad experience, I received the handset from UnlockedCellPhoneKings (fulfilled by amazon)- but back cover was totally scratched and looks like refurbished or used. Some of the features were not working properly and phone was acting crazy. After I upgrade to W7.5, It was somewhat okay.The charger and the USB cable is not from Samsung - some duplicate thing, never buy any goods without warranty.

Great phone, I Love itWindows Phone 7 is so much better than Android and well, iOS just is not competition.Awesome display, great call quality, signal, camera etc...Apps, well you're not gonna find Android's 500.000 apps, but what you can find now is what you need, until now I had no problems with any app that I want and that I can't find on Windows Marketplace, but some apps I would like are just comming.Windows Phone Mango is the most easy to use mobile OS you're gonna find, much better than Android, iOS, Bada, Symbian etc...I love my Samsung Focus, I bought it from IndyCellular4Less and I received in perfect conditions totally new unboxed, and it came in a retail box with battery, Wall Charger and USB Cable,I have no complain with it.

This Phone is fast and works very smooth  I'll give it that.....but the screen completely SUCKS!!!!you can actually see the space between the pixels which make any color looked washed out...you cannot notice it(in the internet) in pictures or video clips. It is very annoying looking at a picture or icon and seeing the tiny minuscule dark specs between the pixels--color looks WASHED OUT!!before you buy this phone go to a place that have it on display on turned on and compare it to an lg or HTC Evo, you'll see what i mean...hell even my lg optimus v(way lower resolution) looks better than this crap....returning it ASAP.........already got burned with the "Intercept" and the WiFi only galaxy tab(POS) this the 3rd and last Samsung tablet/phone i will ever buy.....the "Samsung Galaxy 5.0 Android MP3 Player" is nice though

I love my new Samsung Focus cell phone. This is my first smart phone and I am on AT&T go phone plan. So I just removed my card from my old phone and installed it in this one and all was fine. I also installed a 32GB card in the phone and reformatted the phone and all is great.

El equipo era el ofrecido. Entrega r&aacute;pida. Lo tengo operando en colombia con la red de claro, muy buena velocidad. Es necesario actualizar el sofware con  Zune, se actualiza a WP 7.5.La pantalla es muy buena , tiene gran resolucion, es muy completo el equipo.Por ahora lo unico malo que le veo, es el tema de la memory card, compre una con el equipo un kingston de 16 gb y ni siquiera la reconoce.

With the ultra-slim Samsung Focus S, you can intelligently organize and enjoy your life. Enriched apps such as Neo-Now 2.0 (exclusive to Samsung) let you check essential info at any time. And the vivid 4.27&#34; super AMOLED plus display, wide-band AMR advanced sound quality and 4G power enable you to enjoy Facebook and YouTube.SPECIFICATIONS:GENERAL  2G Network  GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 19003G Network  HSPA 850 / 1900 / 2100BODY  Dimensions  126 x 66.8 x 8.5 mm (4.96 x 2.63 x 0.33 in)Weight  110.6 g (3.88 oz)DISPLAY  Type  Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSize  480 x 800 pixels, 4.3 inches (~217 ppi pixel density)Multitouch  YesSOUND  Alert types  Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtonesLoudspeaker  Yes3.5mm jack  YesMEMORY  Card slot  NoInternal  16 GB storage, 1 GB RAMDATA  GPRS  YesEDGE  YesSpeed  HSDPA, 42 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 MbpsWLAN  Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-bandBluetooth  Yes, v3.0 with A2DP, EDRUSB  Yes, microUSB v2.0CAMERA  Primary  8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flashFeatures  Geo-tagging, image stabilization, smile detectionVideo  Yes, 720pSecondary  Yes, 1.3 MPFEATURES  OS  Microsoft Windows Phone 7.5 MangoChipset  1.4 GHz ScorpionCPU  Dual-core Krait 1.5 GHzGPU  Adreno 225Sensors  Accelerometer, proximity, compassMessaging  SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM, RSSBrowser  HTMLRadio  Stereo FM radio with RDSGPS  Yes, with A-GPS supportJava  Yes, MIDP 2.1Color  Black- AT&T; U-verse Mobile, NavigatorSM, FamilyMap, Radio, myWireless- Document viewer/editor- MP4/H.264/H.263/WMV player- MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+ player- Organizer- Voice memo/dial/commands- Predictive text inputStandard battery, Li-Ion 1650 mAh batteryBATTERY  Stand ByUp to 250 hTalk Time  Up to 6 h 30 min

Pro: amazing amoled screen display. Really beautiful, smooth in hand.Response speed fast.  Keyboard nice and neat.Wifi works great, I have Verizon Quantun, takes seconds to download apps.Some WELL BUILT functions for you to organize your phone feature.Price reasonable and quality better than IPhone.Con: battery drains fast. Need to have spare battery if you are a heavy user.Window Apps are far fewer than android market could offer.The phone works better with AT&T; even though unlocked.Every time you put a Tmobile SIM card, you need to factory reset the phone. Or it will not recognize. But will work very well after reset.On Tmobile service, if use data plan, only 2g  Edge is available, even though the phone has 4g function.Samsung online chatting service is very good, if you need customer service.Additional storage seems a pain in the neck. But normally 8 gb is enough.Update: I have had the phone 9 months now: the phone sometimes will quit starting. the first time when I could not start the phone, I connected the phone to computer and reinstall ZUNE and update -- do not know what really worked -- i tried these steps -- reinstall, remove battery and put in again, remove sim card, and put in again. when connected to computer -- it somehow came back to life.The second time, i contacted samsung -- not really a lot of direct help -- it seems that what the rep meant was an non oem battery was used which caused the problem.  -- i put the original battery in, did not come back, connected to computer update ZUNE again, not work, finally, remove sim card, and put in back in === it came back to life.THIS PHONE IS PAIN IN THE NECK, IF YOU REALLY LIKE SAMSUNG BUY A DIFFERENT MODEL.Upgrade to 7.5, you will find addition features and Chinese language.

Purchased this as direct replacement to the same model I previously owned.  Originally this was one of the first Windows 7 phones available but is easily upgradeable to Mango.  This phone works flawlessly.  The size and form factor feels and looks great.  It's not too big like most newer phones and its rounded corners make it very easy to lug around in your pocket or hand.  I wish these companies would continue to make cell phones similar to the styling of this.

I bought this and sent it back home . Even though it was a factory unlocked this phone didn't work. Also it a old phone that they change the case just to make it nice in appearance . Very bad

Product quit after one week.  It's won't come on though I checked the battery and it's good.  Since there's no warranty I guess I just have a frisbie.d

Still works perfect. I've had it for several months (maybe a year actually). Love it! Does everything I need. I especially love the voice command option to use with my headset.

Windows seems to make things hard and incompatible with other programs.The phone works...

Zune did not recognize my device using similar cables, so have to purchase samsung cable... shouldn't they ship with cable like every other phone? (rhetorical)...Update - got cable, updated to 7.5, pleased with the functionality.

i love how easy it was to get to operate the phone and all the woderful functions that it can do.

I have a T-Mobile month-to-month plan. I popped in my T-Mobile SIM card and the phone was good to go.I think my phone came with a defective battery: it takes over four hours to charge. I'm looking to get that replaced.The AMOLED screen is amazing. The system is fast, responsive, and looks great. It's programmed in C#, if you're into that sort of thing :-). But I'll skip all the awesome stuff that you've already read about. Let me mention a few of the current downsides.* You must use Microsoft's Zune software to manage music.I prefer mp3 players which act like USB drives. I.e. you plug them in and your filesystem browser displays the contents as regular folders and files. This Windows Phone doesn't work this way.There is apparently some registry hack to work around this, but it would be nice if Microsoft supported this out of the box.* No sleep timer - There are a couple of free ones on the marketplace, but they aren't ideal.* No FLAC support* No OGG support* T-Mobile users: Sending pictures in texts doesn't seem to work.* T-Mobile users: Seems like the data speed is limited to 2G. I don't have a high-end data plan so I'm not so concerned about this. The Wi-Fi speeds are great of course.UPDATE 2011-12-14* I got picture texts to work by installing the Samsung Network Profile app and selecting 'T-Mobile' in it's configuration.

well, i can say that your product  is so great and for me is working exelent ,have a very usseful aplications and wonderfull software...

I already have 2 weeks using this phone and the only thing I can say it's "amazing", very light weight and thin, the resolution/size of the AMOLED display is great, very very good camera, windows 7 mango in gorgeous and very intuitive (it's looks better than any android version that I have used and I haven't had any single "frozen" screen or software lag since I first started it), apps and games are high quality. The only "not good" thing about this phone is the battery life, it last 1.5 days with full charge, but if you don't required extended battery life this phone will be for you.

The product is great i'm sure but the one I got is NOT UNLOCKED! I inserted 2 different T-mobile SIMS and an international SIM but none were recognized! Will be returning mine:(

This was my first time with a Windows phone and after the learning curve I starting learning more about the phone I found it easer to use.  Just wish it had more of the same apps as the Android phones

A brand new Samsung Phone Focus as advertised.  Took the sim card out of an old HTC, put it in the unlocked Focus and we're back in business for a little over $100.  Has more options and programs than I know what to do with even playing on the internet.  Thanks Wireless Experts!!!Don Huber

This phone will not receive group or picture texts, nor does it get any media.  I was told by the seller that my carrier had to adjust the settings but I have been to them several times and they have not been able to resolve the issues with this phone .  I even went to the Microsoft store, and AT&T and no one can figure out why this phone will not work right.

Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it:-Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application-Mic not workingEven when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.

This was my first time buying a 'unlocked' phone on amazon so I was a bit worried. I read that it can use any provider as long as it has a sim card. I use a provider that is local based only so I was somewhat hesitant, but it works like it said it would. It came when the delivery said it would and I've been fiddling and adding contacts so far. I like how fast it is and it definitely doesn't seem like a 'older' smartphone. It's very sensitive, which I had to get used too. It also doesn't seem like it can break easy and isn't really flimsy. I like the design of it, but I'm a bit disappointed that I can't use the AT&T GPS without signing a 10 dollar a month free. That's not really that big of a deal as there's a built in app called &#34;Maps' That does basically the same. It finds your locations very quickly and is basically like a map quest. The Wifi works perfectly as well and it's pretty fast. Overall I'm pleasantly surprised and would buy another unlocked phone on here! I really like the phone so far and can't wait to fiddle around with it more!

It is the best phone, I've been using one for the past 6 months. Well thought out interface, fluid and smooth.Got myself a 8GB SD and exapanded the storage as well.

I bought this phone as a replacement for a defective BLU Dash 4 android phone that I had to return. Have to say, for a 3 year old phone (updated to Windows 7.5) this is a much better product. Highly recommended if you can pick one up at the $100 dollar price point.

Changed from an iPhone 3G to this, have to admit that Microsoft/Samsung did a great job in the Software/Hardware tandem. This phone is fast, the screen looks amazing and the sound is pretty impressive for a cel phone.The price is affordable and surprising.When you start with Windows Phone 7 is a breeze of fresh air vs other mobile OS, once upgraded to Mango then you gain a lot of features like multitasking, copy/paste and live notifications.The BIG problem here is the Marketplace: The developers are not publishing here at the same rate or quality than iOS or Android...sure, it's a secure Market (due to Microsoft filters) but lacks content.The BIGGEST problem comes when you are not from US (like me) and, in order to be able to purchase apps, need to migrate to a non-US Market...the apps here (worldwide Market) are terrible or non-existent at most, the games are far from decent and Bing maps barely identifies mayor streets on capital cities.These issues needs to addressed by Microsoft ASAP, there is no way they could try to compete with Apple or Google seriously with so much restrictions on app publishing on other Markets.Pros:CheapFastGreat ScreenMango Update makes the OS shineLightweightCons:MarketplaceBattery Life

My phone seems lovely, but did arrive locked! After reading the usual babble on the web I simply called AT&T and within one minute I had the unlock code.

I got 2 Focus WP for one friend, but ive had hardware issues with them, the first one had an issue with the battery, it expanded without any reason, and the other phone has issues with the proximity sensor and light sensor somehow they got mixed, when there is lo light the screen goe off and when someone call he cant hang up the call, a very serius issue and i bought it from amazon, dam Samsung NEVER AGAIN! NOKIA for the WIN! I just love the LUMIA 710! cero issues with it

This phone is a great deal for the price I paid.  I have already recommended this phone to my friends and family.  Thanks

Bought the samsung focus and i just wanna say i love everything about it, except the fact that it doesnt connect to 3g with tmobile :( i love the colors on the screen and how everything is set up. Upon opening the pbox and turning it on, i received and update for the software which was a big plus, so i now have copy and paste..Def a must buy!!!

The phone randomly restarts, Bluetooth does not pair, it freezes up 2-3 times per day. Battery life is &lt;10 hours. Samsung support is completely worthless.

First off this phone does have a beautiful screen but the problem for some is that if you don't have a home computer, you can't update it and what happens when you don't update it?, the phone stops working and eventually won't even turn on.  I had mine a total of 5 months give or take and it just stopped working. I still have this phone and it still looks almost brand new but it's only good for looking at now.  I would not recommend this phone.

The phone arrived two days ago, I live in Costa Rica in Central America, when I put the sim worked the phone as I need the unlock code. appreciate it if you can give me!

I'm not the kind who needs the newest... if you feel this way, this is not the phone for you... Even if it has 2010 hardware, the phone is pretty fast, does everything you need it to do, and does it in style...Seriously, Windows Phone does have less apps, but its not missing the essentials, maybe a couple of them, but for the most part, it has everything out there...The camera its pretty average though, even by 2010 standards, but i dont mind that much since camera quality its not a priority for me...

This phone is incredible, and for $100 you're getting a screaming deal.  I think the windows phone software is really really nice, and the screen on this phone fits it very well.  With an AMOLED screen, black is actually black, so in many respects, the screen beats out even iphone screens.  True the resolution is a bit lower, but the infinite contrast ratio is hard to beat.  It takes great pictures, it's quick.  I just wish I could use google as my default search engine, and I miss Siri sometimes.This phone uses the same bands as the iphone 4.  That means that those of you hoping to use it on T-mobile will have 3G in some places, (everywhere T-mobile has &#34;refarmed&#34; their towers to work on 1900Mhz.)

I was confused and annoyed that the phone did not come with a memory card, but after getting reminders from other users, I realized that the phone was sold without the card. I accept it and no more complaint.I have used many phones, Android, Windows, high-priced and cheap-priced. Nothing really impressed me! meaning nothing is really ideal. For a $400-$500 phone, what I got was never as good as expected. I chilled my thought and decided that the functions I need do not need a high price tag. I need a decent voice volume and clarity, a small and light weight, a calendar. I do NOT texting or play games, I only need email and internet for emergency. Camera and video will be used on rare occasions. This phone offers everything INFUSE offers and only costs 2/3's of the price. The camera and video quality is so so, who cares, I do not rely on them. A good choice to have everything and SAVE THE BUCKS!

after restore to the facktory settings it was easy connect to ZUNE....Everyting i do...its running perfrectly, update possible.The pc does recognize the phone, its just awesome!

Excellent experience all around. Delivery was quick, everything came as advertised, and the phone is terrific. If people would get over their Microsoft hangups they would see what a great platform Windows Phone 7 is.

the title of this product is unlocked phone, but at the pictures of this phone, i can see very well the logo of AT&T on the top, i can not understand why the pictures include AT&T, but finally, i love this phone, the original price was $399, but right now is $109, MMMUUUUAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

The phone came a day earlier than expected which was great! When I opened the box I wasn't expecting to find such a sleek phone. It exceeded my expectations. It's light and the screen size is huge. It reminds me of the Samsung Galaxy without the hefty price tag. I'm typing this review on my new phone which is awesome. I'm doing more on this phone and neglecting my Samsung Galaxy tablet.The only con so far is that the Bluetooth is for hooking up headsets and the like and not transferring files, that's a bummer.  Other than that, it's a great phone and the dealers are truly "Goodguys"! Absolutely wonderful phone. The windows OS is new to me but I'm loving it too.

This is by far a great windows phone 7.5 experience. Great screen right size form factor. The only down fall is Samsung will not update to 7.8

Samsung Focus I917 Unlocked Phone with Windows 7 OS, 5 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black

Even dough it is a quad-band phone...it won't work with some networks.After I bought it and try to use it in Canada...all networks operate on 1700MHZ (WIND and MOBILICITY) did not work! Very user friendly.....if it works.Ps: Amazon.com were great with shipping.

My first smartphone and really pleased to opt for windows over iphone or android. Phone has exceeded all my expectations.

The phone is very lite and stays charged for many days. The phone works on tmobile, but the internet data doesn't.

Bought this for my mom because her 9 button flip-phone was slowly falling apart and she wanted something she could sms with. She loves this phone. Its WP7 and lacking in several areas but as a basic phone replacement it works great. Screen is bright enough for sunlight use and has reasonable colors. Buttons are inset nicely with little bumps making them easy to access but not accidentally accessible in a pant pocket. Battery lasts about 2 days on a charge as my mom doesn't use it for internet. The only drawbacks are a relatively poor camera that always takes blurry pictures and the capacitive buttons at the bottom are hard to hit often.

The phone arrived on time, in its original packaging and all accessories included. The screen quality is excellent, phone is beautiful. Love love loved it! The call quality is excellent. I needed to upgrade the os to use some of the feature. It took about an hour, but once that was done the phone run smoothly.Problems: Battery life is poor, but this improved with the battery saver feature.There is no way to lock the screen when receiving a call, so you end up pressing end or hold, which can be very frustrating. I don't know whether it is a software or hardware problem. The windows operating system is also a little rigid with few options to personalize your phone.Apart from that great phone sold at a great price!

Phone is okay: I love how simple it is. However, the fact that you have to use Zune to sync music and media onto the device is really dumb. I would prefer just dragging my mp3s from PC to a file folder. Also, because this phone is single core, it tends to crash a lot and as time goes by, crash incidents increase. It will really start to become aggravating. When a text is sent, sometimes you will have to restart the phone (taking the battery out) only to retype what you wanted to send because the phone cpu locks as you send the message. If you want to be completely bug free and crash free, avoid this phone. Get an iPhone or something with dual or more cores. WP7 however is still a great product and very fun to use, but the hardware is undeniably frustrating.

Amazing price and quality from Amazon Marketplace.  The Super AMOLED is awesome and Microsoft's modern UI is fresh.  Bought this to run without a sim to enable checking work email on-the-go as my company made users put oppressive software on your iPhone to connect to Exchange.  Wish Microsoft had supported the first round of Windows 7 phones longer.  Mainly wish that the improvements to the browser were provided to old handsets.

So the samsung focus what can i say. well lets start with the good stuff. the 4 inch screen is great, pictures truly come alive on the screen. the camera is ok, the marketplace is easy to manage, the live tiles realy does give the phone a different feel when compared to the static icons on other phones so generally its a decent phone however and here's the downsides, it requires an update to the 7.5 to have access to the marketplace, this is a timely drag. its not compatible with most sd cards, it turns on when it is charging, you can't customize ringtones(really) and last but not least i bought two of these and one of them just stopped working after three months just upped and died. after checking the phone online a few other folks had a similiar experience. so the windows experience is 5 star , the focus is not.

this phone is a okay phone , a bit complicated, i am stl unable to get my memory card to work and i hope that someone can assist me, added to my dis-stress as well was a very annoying sound coming from the phone which no technician was able to assist me even though i reset-ted my phone numerous times. got the problem resolved tho and wld assist any1 who would be having the same problem i did......

This was product a great and it was offered at a very reasonable price, for a phone of that stature.

Updated:Phone doesn't always charge when plugged-in and for whatever reason Zune doesn't recognize it anymore.Just buy an iPhone.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I was a long time iPhone user and for whatever reason became really curious about the Windows phone platform. All in all it's a very nice interface. I prefer over Apple and Droid.The phone itself is great. Looks nice, fast, expandable memory, the camera takes a decent picture and battery life is quite good.The apps selection is okay but their interface is quite different from their Droid and Apple counter parts. Yelp for example is bizarre to use when compared to the latest version on Apple or Droid. It uses a Windows phone style interface which has a different screen flow. I don't think 3rd party apps have a good grasp on how to develop for this platform. I will say the app selection is improving though. If you love apps I'd probably skip this phone. If you need a phone for email and Facebook this phone will work very well for you.Bing maps works well in the US but not as well in Canada as Google maps. Still it is very good when compared to Apple's new map app.Tip: Make sure when you get the phone update the OS right away. It runs so much better and is well worth the effort.

I like it ten times better than the Iphone. No forward facing camera isn't a deal breaker for me, because If I wanted to video chat, I'll just do that at home on my computer (when I have combed hair. lol..)  I've had windows phones since the first windows mobile os (which wasn't good).  Now they have Windows Phone OS; And microsoft has learned from old mistakes.Since the Mango update Windows phone is awesome.  I love that It has office in the phone.  This feels like a real work phone. The Iphone felt like, well an Ipod with a phone built in.  I also love that I was able to add a 32gb SD card to up the memory. (It now has 36.6gbs free.) That means If I so please I can download movies or Xbox live games. :-) I was spazzing out on mirrors edge yesterday with the Focus. :-)  & the hd video may be only 720p but it's good enough to make quality youtube videos.  And it's flash is better than the Iphones flash.My choices were pay $$$$ for a new unlocked Iphone or unlocked Android or unlocked Blackberry, settle for a cheaper windows phone that only has 8gbs of rom, or get this older focus and upgrade it with the SD card.  For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information.Originally I was onboard for an android, then the same day I was going to get one, a consumer watchdog group out of Santa Monica California issued a request to the US Attorney asking that Google and Apple be sued for billions of dollars due to their letting app developers access all personal data on people's phones.  That, infact, is how many stalkers were invading celebrity cellphones. I'm not so worried about stalkers, but I don't like the thought of someone being able to hack my info just because I accidentally installed a shady app instead of angry birds. (and by the way even angry birds gets all your private info sent to them via Android & Iphone.)If you want to be in with the cool people and don't care about privacy issues or budget, go for an Iphone or an Android phone.  If you want a phone that will do all the same things but won't give free reign to any app developer that wants to hack your phone, and you want to pay $$$ less for an unlocked phone; The Focus is a very good choice.  Just remember to get the right SD card.  Many don't work, and because people wouldn't read and research to get the right one, many people complained that they couldn't get it working right.  Also many people didn't read the fact that the SD card intigrates into the OS, and therefore can not be removed or used to transfere files once it has been intigrated with the phone.  Due to so many complaints by people that just don't bother to read the directions, they stopped putting the upgrade slot on the newer phones.  That means the newer ones might have a better processor, but you have to go up to the most expensive models to even compete with the space you can have on this Focus i917.I may get another for my lady and retire her no privacy having Iphone. She already wants to trade. :-)Update May 1st, 2013:One month on and using the phone feels totally natural now. I have not lost any calls, had any crashes, or lost any data.Oh and I did replace her Iphone. She loves her Samsung Focus. Before she wouldn't risk her Iphone: she would switch sims and use a cheap flip phone if for example: we went to the beach or were going to ride on a boat or had an amusement park day. But now she uses her Iphone for the beach, flip phone is finally retired, and the Focus is protected & adorned. (^_^).

Awesome phone, simply amizing.Pros:-bright super amoled 4 inch screen-gorilla glass-light weight-solid construction-fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed-great price-fully updated with mango 7.5 osCons-reboots maybe once a week for no reason-too much plastic-IE slooow and no other option to choose

This phone unexpectedly crashes. Microsoft Windows for phones is another attempt from Microsoft to limit you to Microsoft applications, giving you a OS with less flexibility to adapt to your individual requirements.

A good, unlocked smartphone that meets all and more that I need to stay connected. Also, the price is quite reasonable.The design is attractive and the sound is perfect.

Samsung has a winner here, I have had this phone for close to a year, and could not be happier. Upgraded (free) to Win 7.5 ops and it is flawless.Ease of use, dependability, quality of the Winphone experience in perfect balance with a high quality Samsung instrument. Better than the Iphone.

good celular too good price, is similar than lumia 720 but with small price and memory sd.I think that the windows phone have future in the world of smartphone and this is a good product

The price for this phone is really amazing, it does everything a phone twice as expensive does. All the aplications run really smooth,it never crashes. Try running fruit ninja in a $200 android phone and you will see how slow it runs, in this phone it runs with no problems. I bought this phone for my son and I was so impressed that I am going to buy a windows phone. The way it integrates your social networks its really great, and I like the fact that you have all your games imside xbox live and not spread all over the place. I also like the fact that the tiles are bigger, that way is easier to type them. So overall a really great phone, try a windows phone you will not regret it!

Really happy with his purchase. It works seamlessly with the Italian network (3 Italy, H3G).I added a micro SDHC 8GB Class 10 from Samsung, so I have a total of 16GB to store data.The version of the Samsung Focus is 1.3 and the latest update available is 7.10.7720 (dated February 2, 2012).

This is really light, just got it for my bro and I am thinking whether to send it to him or tell him I am still looking.

I have now had the phone for a day.  The build is great, screen is beautiful and the O/S is really nice, clean, well thought out and intuitive.  I would say this is about as good as an iPhone competitor as one might find-in some ways, even better.  I do have one serious problem with the phone though...many web sites do not render properly!  Would anyone know why?  Is it a setting or the way the phone was built?  If I can not figure it out, I will have to return the phone.  I can deal with the lack of apps but at this point, I can not deal without a better functioning browser.  Thanks for your help.I have now used the phone for about 2 weeks on a regular basis...no problems with web rendering...I don't know what was wrong.  I bought this phone as an unlocked phone to use on GSM when traveling and now I have a problem; when I am home, I use a iPhone on Verizon..( I did have iPhones on AT&T; previously), but now that I am home it is difficult to decide which I prefer, the iPhone or the focus.  In many ways the windows phone is actually easier to use then the iPhone.  The only downside for now seems to be the lack of apps on the Windows phone but I am sure, that will change.  Of course the other consideration when home is the fact that Verizon's service is much better then either tmobile or AT&T.; Either way, the windows o/s is top notch and given a bit more time, could easily present a challenge/alternative to a iPhone.  By the way, I have also used a Droid Pro previously and I must admit, I prefer the windows o/s versus android!

I like the phone, it's great for the price, but I'm writing this review to warn other buyers, the phone i got IS NOT NEW.The phone is suposed to be new but it is not, and I'm not proud to say that this happened to me twice:I bought this as a present, and this is the second time, because the first phone I bought got stolen. This phone was sold on Amazon by UnlockedCellPhoneKings and seemed used. It came with a Screen protector on. But overall had no signs of being worn.But the second time I bought the phone was even worst, the phone was sold directly by Amazon and it came with an Scratched Screen Protector. So my first question is:If the phone is new why does it have a Screen Protector on?And the most important question:Why does the Screen Protector has several scratches ?I don't have a replacement for the screen proctector yet, so I haven't removed it yet.... My biggest concern is that the Screen may be also scratched.I live in Ecuador so for me is very difficult to send it back.I'm very dissapointed and I feel like I have been  scammed.

Great, gorgeous looking phone, sharp camera, love the Windows 7 based OS, this one does the job as expected too; highly recommended, at that price, this one is no brainer, just go out and get one! added a mini SD card (32) et voila! one caveat, would be the battery, that I have to charge virtually on daily basis, but once you get used to, no problem.

This cellphone is nice . However I am unable to watch videos  , there no way i can download apps .!!

I got this 1 month ago and I'm actually typing my review using it, so ill start with keyboard. Very good keyboard it is amazing. I had the HTC aria so the size difference felt so good in my hands, very tactile and the auto correct is really good it does its job!! It actually helps u type unlike some phones. The screen is astonishing, it pops out with such vibrant colors u feel like the picture is right in front of you. Video is also really good, I'd say it is equal to the iPhones except this has more vibrant colors, im in high school so I have alot of essays tht need to be typed and if my computer is ever being used I can type it up on this just as easy with Microsoft word. Xbox live is really good on this phone I can message my friends some games in the marketplaces gives you gamerscore!! On a side note if ur into minecraft their is a really good mobile alternative on here called survivalcraft. The marketplace has about 80,000 apps/games which is good enough for me even though it's about 400,000 less than android and iOS it has everything you need. As soon as I got my phone in the mail I updates it to windows phone mango and it is such a cleaner interface than android and it is alot better to look at than iOS. I was worried upgrading from 7 to mango would slow the phone but it's 1 GHz processor does the job amazingly! If ur into Facebook, twitter, windows live this phone is deff the best choice because it syncs everyone on ur friends list into ur phone and gives all their contact info they have available! I have 60-80 contacts in my last phone but when I synced Facebook (only social network I use) I have 700 some contacts! Also the pictures hub syncs all Facebook pics very neatly in with ur other photos. Talking about photos the camera is great its 5mp with 720p HD recording, my aria had 3.2mp with vga recording the difference was astonishing! It takes better pictures than the iPhone 4 in my opinion (not the 4s). Now the bad the battery life is mediocre I get about 7-8 hours of light use but I usually charge my phone after I get back from school around 2:30 p.m. I unplug it around 6:30 to start the day. But if I stay after school for anything I bring my charger because my phone will not last through that extra 2-3 hours. The other thing I dislike is its full plastic!! It is very lightweight, but it feels sort of flimsy and the plastic scratches easy, so I got a case which I recommend u get this case 2 its on amazon type in Samsung Focus Incipio Feather Case and I'll find it its about $15-$20 but it's worth it. I hope this review helped :)!!

I was a little concerned when I bought this phone.Since i got it, it is fast and so easy to adapt to Windows Phone.I installed Zune on my laptop and the updates went easily.Just miss the apps, could have more.

I bought this phone at first for me and love it, then I bought it for my family members and we all using it - it has evrerything that smartphone needs and the price is not hight; it works perfect

This is a great phone with all I wanted and I am not easy going.What I really miss is a Outlook synchronization which I just assumed wouold come with any Windows Phone.Man was I mistaken. Microsoft that really sucks.If you really need Outlook sync you better buy an IPhone or Android Phone which would have done alsoif I would have known.

I ordered 2 of these, one for me and the other as a gift. Just received them today. I was shocked to find out that this device has terrible signal while my much older phone maintains good reception. Right out of the box, one phone does not charge at all! The other drops calls, isn't able to send texts, and cannot access apps at all. A complete waste of my money and time. Definitely want to return these defective items. The kicker is, there is a $35 restock fee for each item! Yes, I now have to pay $70 just because I want to return crappy phones. Will not be making any more Amazon purchases for a very long time. Extremely dissatisfied.

I was treating a family from El Salvador to a Justin Bieber concert in Guatemala and they told me that I needed to purchase an unlocked cell phone for my trip.  It was love at first sight.  This phone is so sleek. The instructions booklet says that you need to buy a micro memory card that is Windows compatible so I went to an AT&T store (since the phone says AT&T) and they tried to sell me a non-specfic SanDisk 32g micro memory card that made no mention if it was Windows compatible for around $60.  I went down the block to Radio Shack and they had an Ultra SanDisk 32g micro memory card that said it was Windows compatible for $28. I used the phone to call back home many times without any problems.  My friends took many photos and videos at the concert and they all came out crystal clear.  Even the ones that the kids took.  I had every intention on giving this phone to my friends when I was leaving to go back home.  It was the best purchase I ever made. I purchased it for less than $100 and it is worth so much more.  They love it and they use it every day.

I don't use a smartphone much due to limited reception in my office area. But I like the features on a smartphone. So I didn't want to pay a lot or get stuck in a contract. I got this phone for about sixty on sale (wow, Amazon, that was pretty sweet!) and I'm delighted with it. It does more than my old Nokia X2 and I can always upgrade to full smartphone service if I need to. Right now, I have this on pay-as-you-go T-Mobile with my current SIM chip and don't do email or Web. I could change to PlatinumTel and even pay less on texting, and pay 10ct per 10MB of data--enough for email. I don't stream video or do internet on the phone--just need access to email on occasion.The setup was not bad, but took some time. I had the SIM chip (the T-Mobile) in the phone and was able to call and text. However, there was a bit of trouble with the reset--you hold the volume, the camera-on and the power buttons down simultaneously, and as soon as it vibrates, you release the power button but hold the rest until the REFORMAT screen appears. If you get the Download Mode Screen, you have to pop out the battery, power down (just powering down via the button doesn't work as it freezes at this point.) Then try again. I had to try quite a few times to get that screen up. The reformat is necessary for your SIM card to recognize the new phone.I was able to load the stored phone numbers from the previous phone, then access voicemail. The sound was a lot better than my previous phone and the operation on a touch screen is easy.I was not able to find a number of apps I wanted, as Windows Phone is not as popular as Android and that is not as popular as Apple. You'd think, with Windows OS being huge in computers, that there'd be more connectivity to phones, but it is definitely the 3rd best phone OS. Has a way to go.I was able to put it on my home WiFi and link the Bluetooth to my car handsfree system with no trouble at all.For the price, this is a great, functional phone. It isn't the be-all-end-all of phones, but for someone like me who is not a heavy cell phone user, it is delightful. I am very happy with it and I may either use my old Nokia as a backup emergency phone or donate it to those organizations who give phones to soldiers for calling home.

It can really do much if your not with AT&T, I dont use them for my phone service, so I guess am stuck with it!

I purchased this phone a few days ago to replace my LG Thrive. I researched the phone to double check it is compatible with AT&T;'s GoPhone Prepaid program and sure enough it is (AT&T; sell this phone in their GoPhone section only at $499). The  phone was delivered the day after in good condition and it was sold by BLUTEKUSA.  The phone looks new and has no noticeable fingerprints or marks that would indicate it's been used, although the box it came in was obviously opened before. It came with the phone, charger, and a pair of headphones.The Samsung Focus is pretty easy to set up. It asks for date and time as well as a Windows Live ID which can be synced with later if so desired. The screen is beautiful, Super AMOLED making the display rich in brightness and color. There are physical buttons for the Power button, Camera, and Volume Control. It's plastic, so the phone is pretty light, although to the point where one might consider it cheap. The back is a thing plastic case that snaps onto the phone. Taking off the back is a bit on the scary side as I felt I might have snapped it the few times I tried. Overall the phone is a nice build just not one that screams high quality.The Camera takes really good pictures and I was impressed with the 720p video recording as well. Again, not high-end, but it's above average nonetheless.I updated the Samsung Focus to Windows Mango and the software is fantastic. The interface is easy on the eyes and is smooth. I have not seen any hiccups on this phone even though it only comes with 512mb ram, although that seems to be a restriction from Microsoft. To me, it has just as much polish as iOS (the operating system that the iPhone/iPad run) although it lacks a lot of the customization of Android (not really missing it). It integrates Facebook and other social network clients into one area and so far I love it. The keyboard is easy to use as well and have not had any trouble misspelling words.*Edit* Fixed problem with the SIM Card. This phone is excellent. Windows Phones are under appreciated.

It works better than described. Social integration along with the zune marketplace for apps and music is perfect for my needs.

For $200 off contract I thought this phone was a bargan, and I was right. The phone Is incredibly responsive. The mango update has added many features, the camera takes great pictures in low light. My only critisim is that No usb charging cord was included so I had to wait for a new one to come in mail before I could update to Mango. I replaced my Tmobile mytouch 4g for this phone and it was one of the best Choices I made. My only annoyance is that I'm using a tmobile sim card and since it is AT&T it doesn't support tmobile 3G bands. This means the Internet can be rather slow at times. Overall, I would suggest that EVERYONE buys this phone because it has so many features for such a low price.

Dont buy these. I ordered one for a friend, It does not work at all, can't even connect to Market Place (Appstore). Stay away!

Samsung has delivered a solid first generation Windows Phone 7 device.While the specs may seem under powered compared to your favorite iOS or Android device, the operating system is so light and efficient, there is no need for multiple cores. Translation - great performance and battery life without additional bulk and weight.This phone is fully compatible with Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango). I am not aware of any US carriers that block this update.I highly recommend this phone if you want a cheap, no-contract entry into the world of Windows Phone 7.

Returned this item for a refund, not only because it was defective, but poorly designed as well (despite what the experts say) and because the Microsoft 30-day free music download appears to be a deliberate scam.  As for the phone, the exterior Power On and Camera On buttons sometimes did not work.  The touchscreen button for taking photos sometimes did not work.  When positioning the camera lens, the screen constantly switches to a non-camera app, forcing you to start all over.  The onscreen keyboard is infinitesimally small, so mistakes are a constant.  As for the operating software, you cannot download the current Windows 8, but are stuck with Windows 7.  When I downloaded and started playing music (courtesy of the so-called free trial), the phone shut down but kept playing the songs, so I had to remove and re-insert the battery to regain control of the device.  When charging the device, the charge indicator screen never seemed to be the same one twice, and sometimes there was no indication at all of anything going on.  (I eventually discovered that there's a little pull-down indicator at the top of the screen, but initially thought the battery or the charger did not work.)As for that free music trial, I clicked the &#34;Cancel this subscription&#34; on the Zune Marketplace screen, after connecting the device to my desktop computer.  No sweat right?  Wrong.  This just takes you to Microsoft XBox login screen.  After entering your password, MS says it still needs to &#34;verify&#34; who you are by sending a code to your email address.  After retrieving and entering that, you select &#34;Account&#34;, only to find that there is no cancel option anywhere to be found.  The long, convoluted instructions for canceling provided by MS explain that you have to change your payment method first, although this guide doesn't correspond to the screens you actually see.  At any rate, after changing away from the automatic renewal option as instructed, there is no message indicating the trial is cancelled and you're not allowed to remove your credit card info from the system.  On another screen, you're instructed to call XBox to cancel a subscription. Going down this new rabbit hole, you're instructed to fill out a page with your request and provide your phone number so MS can call you in 2 minutes.  But after you submit the request, you get an error message saying it didn't work and you should try again later.  Boy, last time I check, this sort of con game involving interstate commerce was outlawed by the FTC.  The only recourse seems to be waiting for the charge to show up on the credit card and disputing it through your bank.

This cellphone is incredible, is excellent, nice display, connection with exchange very simple, really is awesome.I can see all about your social networks, link contacts, play xbox games, listen music, the camera 5mp is wonderful

Great Phone, Camara so so. Bought mine used so maybe the camera lens is scratched. The fun is sleek and fast. It dose all I need.

Shipped fast, phone was in great shape and working order. Slight burn-in on the screen from the screen being on for too long but nothing really major. Great product and service!

WP7 is the awesomest thing to come out of Seattle. Buy it.One gripe- when the screen is locked- wifi gets disconnected(to conserve battery) but data continues..so if you ve switched off data like me-push mail isnt exactly push.PROSEvery thing else.Believe me..this is such an awesome phone..but if u can pay a few dollars more..buy the Lumia 710..its 300 bucks unlocked and a second gen device..WP7 rocks.P.Sget the extended battery for 15$, makes you phone 10 times better.WP7 will rule the mobile space soon! Im a believer!

CREEN:The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.SOUND:The Speaker and call quality is very good. I have used a lot of phones and I can tell you this is the best yet. The speaker phone sounds just as good as a full size home phone. Compared to my daughters new iPod, the Focus speaker is way better, and she even admitted it.SPEED:Windows Phone 7 powered by the snapdragon 1GH processor is very fast. No lag, no screen delay, no issue flicking and scrolling. Fast internet browser as well.FEATURES:I am very impressed how polished Windows Phone 7 is, and I think its going to get better. Microsoft is putting a great deal of money into it and consumers get the reward. The Windows Phone 7 live tiles are so much better than old school icons on most other phones.SUMMARY:This phone is truly ahead of its time. There are people that will say the iPhone or Android is better, but that is only bias because they probably have never used this phone and compared the features I mentioned above. I am also looking forward to the WP7 mango update that has 500+ more features. This phone is amazing.

I bought two of these phones. They are too good for such a low price. I've had several phones but this is only next to my iPhone 5. The two people I gave them to have requested for 2 more. In this case I have ordered for 3 so as to give away one myself.Please do not increase the price; I shall buy more.Moses Musaazi, Kampala, Uganda.

I didn't expect much especially because the box it came in was completely open, but luckily the phone was intact. This phone is great. It's fast, responsive and the colors are vibrant. It's super easy to use and intuitive. I like the Windows layout. Camera's not bad. I need to play around with it more, but it seems to have a lot of options and the first pic I took came out decent (not bad since the lighting where I took it was mediocre). I was able to connect to the Wifi right away and it accepted my TMobile sim card with no problems at all. I'm really happy with this phone especially for the price I got it for. Was used but looks and works like new. Thanks Amazon!

I just got this phone 2 weeks ago for my parents and I wanted to compare it to the iPhone 4 which I personally use. I disagree with the other reviewers here who say that the phone is better than the iphone 4. Here are the reasons why:The screenThe iPhone has a much higher resolution display at 960/640 packed in a 3.5 inch screen. The Focus has a 800/480 screen in a 4 inch display. Some people will say "4 inches is definitely better than 3.5 inch" but it has less pixels than the iPhone and the pixels are spaced farther apart thanks to the bigger screen. What does that mean? Images and text look a lot less sharp on the focus compared to the iPhone. After using the iPhone, I don't think I can ever accept anything less in terms of screen quality. But if videos are all you watch, then you'll probably enjoy the focus more.FunctionalityThe apps on the iPhone are tremendous, and I am able to use it for whatever purpose that I can imagine be it calculations, looking up drugs, booking my vacation, etc. I work in the healthcare setting and robust medical apps like medscape and epocrates are scarce on the windows platform. I also like to use google voice to text via 3G, and there's no official google app for this phone. There's virtually no incentive for google to develop an app for this phone since only 1-2% of the smartphone population has windows phones. App developers probably have the same view. So unless you're just into posting your status on facebook (the integration which is nice btw), this phone may not be able to accomplish many tasks in your life. Not yet anyway...Camera:With skype around the corner for the windows platform, it will suck since the focus lacks a front facing camera. The iPhone has one. So you'll be limited to voice calling only.ExperienceThe experience on both phones is different, but very nice. None of the phones are plagued by any jittery behaviour or crashes. I think both phones are miles ahead of android in terms of having an overall smooth experience. It is for this reason that I think microsoft has something truly amazing and will not send windows phone to the trash can. I admit, the tile system of windows is kind of strange at first glance and may hamper adoption of the platform because one does not see conventional "icons." But when Windows 8 comes out for the PC and more and more people are exposed to the metro interface on their notebooks, a windows phone won't seem so alien anymore and may speed up its success in terms of app development.Bottom line:I think it's safe to say that this phone is a long term investment since many great apps on iOS and android aren't available yet. That's the only thing holding windows phones back. You can easily overlook the other shortcomings since this phone is so cheap for being unlocked, which is the reason why I got it for my parents.

We bought this to use with Net10. The only complaints so far is that you cannot take a picture and text it to someone through Net10 with this phone. Also, it kicks off of our Wi-Fi a lot, which is a pain. But otherwise it takes decent pictures, and works well. Good call quality and signal.

I am so disappointed. Brought this product on OCT 15, got it OCT 21 and it stopped working on 10november 2013. It has no warranty so, I was robbed. I wrote the company that supplied it and I never received a response. Don't know what to do.

I've had this phone for over 2 years now and love it. Kids love playing on it as well and. Its snappy and screen is beautiful. Its easy to pop in batteries, I have an extra 16GB on SD card which has worked flawlessly since day 1. The camera isn't as nice as the newer phones but everything else works great. Highly recommended and especially at this price point you just can't beat it.

Have only had it for 2 days but seems to work great so far. I purchased it new and it IS new. I can tell that it was only opened to unlock the phone. Awesome phone,  definitely recommend it. :)

This Samsung Focus i917 Unlocked Phone is affordable and dependable. The camera and video works good for me. It is unlocked and it works perfectly for my international texts

I bought this for windows 7 phone application development and completely satisfied with the phone as it serves my purpose.Faster service- got the product within 4 days

I'm a bit unimpressed with this phone.  I can't seem to access any of the apps and the battery dies very quickly.

The phone itself is set up well. However, if you are planning on using over seas, BEWARE. It is NOT fully unlocked as the ad states. Phone was purchased to use in Costa Rica. You can not use data (internet, e-mail etc...) in Costa Rica.

This was my first smart phone and I got a good deal for it. It is very fast and has a great interface. Beware though it won't work with the tmobile sim from Straight Talk. After hours upon hours of sites forums and Straight Talk people I came to realize it just doesn't have the Apn options to make the data work for some weird reason.This phone only gives the option of APN, Username, Password, Proxy server and Proxy port.It seems now days you need more options like:MMSCMMSMCCMNCThe later phones like the Focus S and Focus 2 might not have these options but another choice is downloading "Wireless Manager" app from the Samsung Zone, yet for this model it is not an option. I heard the newer ones had this option but thats up to you to find out I guess. The app suggests you get Network Profile which only gives you the options between ATT and TMOBILE.I guess if you go directly through TMOBILE you will have greater success but the SIM through straight talk will lead to hours of frustration. Anyway hope this helped and hey if you find away for this model to work let me know. If I find a way I will update but the phone is 3 years old now and in tech  that's worst than in cat and dog years.

excellent product, i would recommend this for others.The amoled display is awesome, Its a light weight phone , very good rear camera

While this phone came out a couple of years ago, it's still a serviceable smart phone if you're not looking for the latest and greatest.  If you are looking for something more fully fleshed out I would recommend either the latest Android or iPhone.  I did notice some glaring omission/annoyance from this OS and Windows Phone 8 so I'll list the positive and the negatives below.Pros: 1. relatively cheap smart phone2. Upgradable to Windows Phone 7.5 maybe eventually 7.83. Light weight4. Good wifi receptionCons: 1. Cannot block calls/numbers. (I can't understand why this basic feature isn't present.  It's on my 3yr old dumb candy bar phone and yet there's no way to do this either under Windows phone OS or apps.2. Cannot customize alerts with SMS/MMS or voicemails3. Battery is weak.  A fully charge battery with battery saver feature turned on and in idle mode will last a little over 2 days.Those are pretty much my take on the phone.

I purchased this phone hoping I could get a very nice smartphone at a good price. When I received the phone I was amazed at the quality of it. The picture looks amazing, the sound is great, and the touch screen seems better than an iPhone! I had an issue with the charging of the phone taking too long in the beginning, but am happy to say I no longer have an issue with that. This is a great phone that I would recommend to anyone!

just a month and stilll amazed witv this phone. Its excellent. Just concerned with its poor battery life . It depletes un 6 hours just surfing quickly few videos SMS and 4 short  calls.

This phone works flawlessly and even better after updating it thru Zune software installation.  Easy to maneuver and operate intuitively since it's my first official smart phone/ Windows phone.  We have android based smart phone and Kindle Fire, so I want something slightly different.  This phone meets my expectation.  Now I just need to learn how to arrange the tiles the way I like ...-----------------As of 9/8/12, my Focus kept on rebooting to the point the phone was no use anymore.  The software was upgraded and the phone was even reset to manufacture's setting, yet still to no avail.  Called Samsung, a polite gentleman with Hindi accent couldn't help me at all, and then the tech at Microsoft suggested to reset the phone back the manufacture's setting though he hinted the possibility the phone would be locked with AT&T; again - I am with T-Mobile.  Even tried a new battery and everything else I could think of; no, nada, I'am back to square one to find another phone now.  This Windows Phone was very easy to use but too bad the software had a glitch.  I've found quite a crowd encountering same dilemma as mine.  Yes, it was a great phone while it lasted; and in my case, it lasted 5.5 months.

This phone is easy to use and easy to customize.  I bought this for myself, my mom, and my aunt.  My family laughed at the thought of me teaching them how to use a smart phone.  All I can say is SUCCESS!!! If they learn how to use this with ease anyone can.

Great quality for the price trust me. Fast, smooth and great battery life. Just buy it if you think you need an unlocked world wide carrier capable phone and hey! I'ts a windows phone! That's all i have to say.

Very good phone, not as well known as the other Samsung models, but still remains very very good.The phone comes with a version 7 and to download games and applications like whatsapp must update the software.It takes time to update, but its really easy , only need to download zune on the computer.The phone its really fast and worth it .

AT&T should offer this all the time.  For basic, no-tech users, this phone is simple to use and very responsive.

This was a good purchase and I really like the phone.  It takes great pictures and does good videos.  Just as good as an apple and costs so much less.  I have no regrets buying this phone.

Phone was shipped and arrived early.  New in the box.  I put in the SIM card and it worked right away.  No problems so far with talk, text, and WIFI.

I'd really been looking forward to an escape from the Android OS and all the problems I had with it in the year since I began using my Samsung SG-I9000.  Apple's iPhone was tempting because of its functionality, but it was so overly-hyped and trendy I had many second thoughts about it.  I've used an iPhone here and there before and it was simple, but just didn't feel like something I wanted in the long-term.  Windows Phone was already on the scene but there were no stores selling them at the time where I live, so after reading review after review, I decided to take a leap of faith and grab the Samsung I917, aka the Focus.The GOOD:  First, the operating system is head, shoulders, torso, hips, thighs, knees, calves and ankles above anything else on the market.  It's just so simple and intuitive, not to mention beautiful.  And unlike Android, it's the exact same from device to device, so the user experience is consistent.  Zune integration is beautiful.  I can sync all my Zune music on my computer to my phone either by plugging in or over a wi-fi connection.  I can also download from the marketplace over the air and then sync back to my computer next time I connect.  The People tab is great because it lets me see what all my contacts are doing over social networks all in one place.  The phone is also physically beautiful.  I especially like the pinstriped back of the case.  The device is thin and light and quick (after all, it's basically a first-gen Galaxy S).The BAD:  The phone is pretty plasticy, and while it's actually pretty tough, I would really like to see Samsung put out a "pro" version made of duraluminum, like their Series 9 laptops are made of.  I'm pretty rough on my phones, watches, etc, so I always appreciate rugged versions of products when applicable.  The build quality is good but it just doesn't feel overly tough to me, which is the basis of my 4-star rating.The UGLY:  Windows Phone marketshare.  Seriously, this OS is so amazing, so beautiful, and so simple to use, this should have been 15% - 20% by now in my opinion.  Give this phone a chance folks, you'll be glad you did.  It's different, it's beautiful, and it's going to be around for a long time.

It's a great device, faster and long battery life. The camara of 5 MB pixeles is fantastic.I strong recommend it

the truth I thought it would be a little better but it sucks do not buy cell is a scam does not work on anything not grab the camra sd &#8203;&#8203;card and take a picture transvestite and does not keep from buying garbage that does not has warranty

My phone sucks...I was wanting to get me a new phone and found this one....yeah!!!  Then my son dropped and shattered the screen on his phone...he got the new windows phone, I still have a crappy phone.  boooo!!

I love this phone, though there are some MAJOR setbacks if one wants it for straighttalk. The picture messaging system does not work, although there is a way around it it is SO troublesome and it took me a month to get everything working correctly, but once it's working the phone is amazing and I have no complaints except a lack of a front facing camera.

I can say for sure that it's the best phone I've ever had. The features are great, is very beautiful and easy to use. I installed a 16 Gb micro SD memory card type 4 and works perfectly. I have all my main email accounts, social webs, Skype, all I need and some extra applications and I'm very happy with it. Is very fast phone. I only suggest that when you have WiFi connection available and if your data plan is not very big, you can disable data plan on configuration and use WiFi while you can. Updates can consume a lot of your mb data plan in just minutes. And always carry your usb cable with you because while using data it consumes a lot of your battery...but that normally happens with all the smart phones I've had.

awesome unlocked phone!! This phone is very easy to navigate, I would recommend this phone to anyone buying an older phone.

First I have to say that if you love taking photos and showing them on your phone, this is THE ONE!  The phone is slightly larger than expected so it gives you a HUGE screen on which to display your photos with gorgeous color, sharp details, a truly impressive display. Plus it gives you a way-better camera than usual. It's a thrill.There are so many other things to like about this phone that I'll just mention a couple:VIRTUAL QWERTY:  once I got used to where my fingers needed to be, it was a huge relief after inputting text on those tiny buttons -- not to mention how the word suggestion sped up the process. The touch screen is very easy to use, especially if you type your message in landscape.WP7 OS:  Especially for a newbie, getting to know the phone was a breeze with the intuitive WP7 OS.  I hardly had to refer to the manual for instructions.I was also pleased that the phone came with a battery, USB cable, charger, and earpiece.

This is an excellent phone.  Very easy to use.  Good size screen for texting & calling.  Just one issue so far as a phone call is terminated.  The 'end call' icon moves up the screen too rapidly & the user must scroll down again to find it.  I have to check to see if it is a setting issue.  Would recommend this phone.

First of all, BREED is a great seller. They are professional. And this phone is perfect for me. Windows 7 is just what I was looking for. This makes my work a lot easier!

Phone itself was fine and a good size operating screen.  Call volume wasn't very good even at its highest setting.The phones Windows7 Software update never worked.  I called a MS Windows store they were no help and then called MS Windows tech support they would not help with software/update errors.  I returned the phone for an android and glad i did.

My first review of this phone was great, but after having had this phone for a while, I've found that it is junk.  More times than not, when I try to make, or even receive a call, it either doesn't go through or the person on the other end cannot hear me or vise-versa.  I constantly have to turn it on or off, or remove and reinsert the battery in order for it to work properly.  Also, the battery life is very inconsistent.  Sometimes, a charge can last a couple of days.  Other times, a charge won't even last one full day with the same average usage.  I purchased two of these phones, one for me, and one for my wife, and we are getting the same results with both.  I would not recommend them.

I bought this phone to take with me to Africa and it has been a great purchase. It works very well and has not been a disappointment. I bought this phone from Wireless Experts in case you are looking for a reliable seller. I definitely recommend it. The only thing I have not been to pleased with was with the Windows operating system in the phone since I can't get some apps I used to get with an iPhone. But in general, this phone works great.

This is the best first generation Windows Phone from Samsung. Samsung did a great job in getting things right, the battery life is excellent in this device. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for First generation Windows Phone.

My back and search capacitive buttons work when they feel like it, I got a faulty unit.The phone OS is great, coming from an Omnia 2 and a nokia E71 I can tell you that WP7 satisfied my geeky needs more than enough.I give it 3 stars because of the capacitive buttons issue, otherwise it would be a perfect 5.I guess i'm the only one with this problem because I couldn't find anything about it on google.Will I recommend you buying a "no warranty" unit? I can honestly tell you that I wont. Up to you reader.Update: It seems to happen to a lot of people. Here's a thread on the subject on microsoft answers:[...]

I've been using the Focus for about three months now and it's honestly by far the best phone I've ever owned. The screen is gorgeous, the WP7 OS is responsive and intuitive, and most of all it actually works as a phone! As a previous dedicated Iphone owner, I can say that I have absolutely no regrets in switching, and I can see the jealousy of my family (who are still Apple nuts) whenever I let them mess around with the interface.The only cons I can put against it are that it only comes with 8 gigs initially (which is just ridiculously low these days), but I stuck another 16 in with an sd card I had lying around. Some people seem to be having an issue with not having their cards work, but I've never had a problem. Also-and this is incredibly minor-there's no gapless playback on the Zune software. I know only about 5 people will actually care (or even notice), but it's slightly irritating at times.In it's current state, I would already put the Focus and WP7 at the cream of the mobile crop, but with the Mango update coming in a week or two, I really can't see any other OS coming near to holding a candle to it. A lot of people are still understandably skeptical due to Microsoft's less than stalwart track record with mobile devices, but WP7 fixes every issue of the past and does what Apple has quit doing-innovating.

We got the phone it wouldnt even turn on it just stayed saying samsung were gonna return it and get a new won

I bought this phone as gift and left US for 2 months. Found out that the touch screen of the upper part doesn't work, sometimes time phone hangs. I updated the software but the problem remained.

Overall the phone was really good. The display was good. Even though it was used there weren't any scratches or dents visible.

I bought this phone, because I wanted to try out windows phone and I didn't want to pay much. It is some what outdated because of the OS on it, which is Windows Phone 7. (Windows Phone 8 is latest)The phone is fast and call quality is clear. The camera also works very well.I would recommend this item

I asked for a speedy delivery and got it! Great phone and OS. I especially like the fact it has MicroSD capability. 3G is fine by me. Camera is adequate for all of my needs and Windows ROCKS! Fast. Smooth. Apps work with my PC. Call volume is fine. Came as advertised. "This is the second one I've bought (my son's then mine); and my wife asked me to buy her one after seeing mine! As you might expect I love these phones!"
