
Me siento estafado. El equipo que recib&iacute; no es un producto "original". Esta lleno de detalles que me hacen asegurar esto.No tiene marca de operadora telef&oacute;nica en la cubierta. Al encender no aparece identificaci&oacute;n de ninguna operadora telef&oacute;nica. La corneta de sonido esta da&ntilde;ada. El acabado externo es feo. la tapa de la bater&iacute;a no es la misma de los equipos originales. Cuando utilizo el blackberry protect, la ubicaci&oacute;n de gps me da con un error de mas de 10 kms.Compr&eacute; ese tel&eacute;fono porque el aviso dec&iacute;a ORIGINAL y NUEVO. Me enviaron otra cosa muy distinta.Quisiera que me cambien el equipo o me devuelvan el dinero.

Perfect, It works as I was expecting because I've already tested before and I loved it. I bought it from amazon directly and despite the problem with ups (they couldn't find my hotel address, so I had to go and pick it up myself) it was worth every dollar.

THE SMARTPHOME THAT I RECEIVED HAD THE BATERY BROKEN AND VERY BAD SO I DON'T THINK THAT YOU SAID THE REALLY WHEN SOLD ME IT I DONT LIKE IT ...

unfortunately a bad experience buying a cell phone is apparently "new" but not so that changing membrane tube and the membrane change one of the contacts was bad striped shameful to sell something bad and to add 3G and says it is not is 3G 2G and 2G & 3G they sent me an email telling me to remove the above comment unfortunately they did if they asked me to send the phone I live in El Salvador would have to pay to send it which did not send him pitifully deceived me so watch out for at least with this company.

Some pieces of the phone was really weak, like the upper part of the front case. When I removed the protective plastic, the piece fell out.

Would this phone works with movistar Venezuela? I'd like to buy one but I need to know if it would work

quisiera saber que sucede con el telefono que compre  que tiene una supuesta fecha de que lo enviaron y nada que tengo repuestas que pasa con mi articulo que compre

HOLA SOY DE ECUADOR..... EL BB EN MUY BUEN ESTADO LELGO EN BUEN TIEMPO.. PERO ME PARECE DE MAL GUSTO QUE EN LA PAGINA NO DEN LAS ESPECIFICACIONES NESESARIAS SOBRETODO DE LAS BANDAS... EN MI CASO EN ECUADOR SOLO COJE LA SE&Ntilde;AL 2G (EDGE....... DE VERDAD Q ESTOY MUY MOLESTO POR ESTO........... ESPEROP DEN UNA SOLUCION A ESTO...

buenas tarde recib&iacute; el equipo y no me funciona el 3G como hacemos en ese caso para realizar un remplazo o devoluci&oacute;n del mismo.Gracias

Finally I got my new device and I can tell that it was all that I was expecting. I bought it from Amazon.com store (not another seller) and when the box arrived the first thing that I checked was the model number and it is RCM72UW, which works with 3G bands 850/1900/2100, so this is AT&T;, Rogers, Telus model...not T-Mobile model, so this is good news for me 'cause I use Movistar-Venezuela service. Well, to be honest I can not assure that Amazon.com will always be sending this particular model because they don't make any difference about the 3G compatibility and believe me 'cause I expend a lot of mails to customers service and they couldn't give me this detailed info. I took the risks and bought it anyway. Another info displayed on the box: Blackberry Bold 9780 Smartphone, 1256- Americas (Spanish) QWERTY-Black. Model RCM72UW, Made in Mexico. It comes with OS 6.0.0 Bundle 863. NOTE: Surprisingly it came with a 2GB microSD card already installed even when it wasn't published in the product details. Other info found checking in the options: active 3G bands 1, 2, 5 y 6. Searching in the internet I found that this means that it works with 3G bands 2100/1900/850/800. The box content is: 9780 device with plastic label protection on screen, battery cover, upper front (where it's printed "Blackberry"), camera lens and flash, leather pouch (the simple plane one, without belt clip, the leather looks like artificial type), earphones, battery, 5 feet USB cable (longer than the old one I had), standard wall charger with multiple international adapters (I was expecting ipod-like wall charger with female USB input, but it came with the usual one), Desktop software CD, user manual and some quick guides.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: According to several comments about this review I noticed that Amazon changed the product model number and description. As you can read in the page it says that the model is now RCN72UW (when I bought it the publication said it was RCM72UW and that was the phone I received). Now the product description is very specific and says that this phone works with T-Mobile's 3G network (1700/2100 MHz). I highly recommend to carefuly read all the information and descriptions published by Amazon in the product page so you can be certain of what you are buying.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Finalmente tengo mi nuevo telefono y puedo decir que es todo lo que estaba esperando. Lo compr&eacute; de la tienda Amazon.com (no de otro vendedor) y cuando la caja me lleg&oacute; lo primero que corrobor&eacute; fue el modelo del telefono y dec&iacute;a que es RCM72UW, que es el que trabaja con las bandas 3G 850/1900/2100 por lo que este telefono es la version AT&T;, Rogers, Telus, para Venezuela ser&iacute;a Movistar y Movilnet, NO es la version T-Mobile, lo cual es excelente en mi caso ya que yo uso Movistar. Bueno, para ser honesto no podr&iacute;a asegurar que Amazon.com despachar&aacute; siempre este modelo o versi&oacute;n en particular ya que ellos no diferencian la compatibilidad 3G y creanme que gast&eacute; un monton de emails al servicio de atencion al cliente preguntandoles y no me supieron dar los detalles. Yo asumi el riesgo y lo compr&eacute; de todas maneras. Otra informaci&oacute;n que aparece en la caja: Blackberry Bold 9780 Smartphone, 1256- Americas (Spanish) QWERTY-Black. Model RCM72UW, Hecho en Mexico. Viene con el sistema operativo OS 6.0.0 Bundle 863. NOTA: Sorprendentemente vino con una tarjeta microSD de 2GB ya instalada, aun cuando no estaba publicado en los detalles del producto. Otra informaci&oacute;n que consegu&iacute; revisando las opciones: bandas 3G activas 1, 2, 5 y 6. Investigando en internet descubr&iacute; que esto significa que trabaja en las bandas 3G 2100/1900/850/800. El contenido de la caja es: celular 9780 con lamina plastica protectora en la pantalla,frontal superior (donde dice "Blackberry"), tapa de la bateria, lente de la camara y flash, forro de cuero (el mas simple de todos, sin clip para poner en la correa, el cuero parece artificial), audifonos, bater&iacute;a, cable USB de 1,5 metros (mucho mas largo del que ten&iacute;a antes), cargador de pared estandar con multiples adaptadores internacionales (estaba esperando uno con entrada USB hembra como el que usa el iPod, pero vino el mismo de siempre), CD con el Desktop sotware, manual de usuario y algunas guias rapidas.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Actualizaci&oacute;n: En vista de varios comentarios sobre esta nota, me di cuenta que Amazon cambi&oacute; el modelo del producto y las descripciones. Como podr&aacute;n leer en la p&aacute;gina, ahora dice que el modelo es RCN72UW (cuando lo compr&eacute; la publicaci&oacute;n dec&iacute;a que era RCM72UW y ese fue el tel&eacute;fono que recib&iacute;). Ahora la descripci&oacute;n del producto es bastante espec&iacute;fica y dice que este tel&eacute;fono trabaja con la red 3G de T-Mobile (1700/2100 MHz). Insisto en recomendarles que lean cuidadosamentetoda la informaci&oacute;n y descripciones publicadas por Amazon en la p&aacute;gina del producto para que as&iacute; puedan estar seguros de lo que est&aacute;n comprando.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi good night, I wonder if they sell BlackBerrys 9780 are new and if they come with the brand AT & T.. And if there's that white modelI hope your answer thanks

the phone came without headphones and with a defect in the handset.send it to repair.I send it to repair and they charged me 40 dollars

I inform you that I have received the order on Wednesday 13/02/2013, but the team came with problems for the invitation and / or acceptance of messaging BlackBerry Messenger. (It came with the Ping bad), the information was provided by a blackberry service in the area.Where ever we agree vendor / customer.

I wanted to purchase a high quality product through a reliable mean, and i found it here..., I'm satisfied because it meets the requirements sought...

faulty screen , its not very obvious but its evident . idk why . apart from that its ok. speedy delivery and it came with everything

Nice phone. Like Momma Bear...It's just right. It feels good in your hand. It has a great speaker phone. My son loaded a 32GB SD and it works like a champ. It's great for organizing your life.

The phone was brand new, looked nice and works fine.  I have had trouble with my service provider, but that is not the phone's fault.

Good for the price, excelent performance and very easy to use. I recomended without a doubt, if you want a goog smartphone for a good price...

The BB bold 9780 have two models that work in difereants bands, you have to specify this to let customers know if the product is what they are looking for.

El 14 de abril de 2011, efectue la compra de un telefono blackberry bold 9780 el cual me fue entregado en el tiempo establecido en la compra, una vez recibido y puesto en funcionamiento puedo decir que cumple con mis espectativas de operatividad, nuevo en su caja con todos sus accesorios, estoy muy alegre con su operatividad ya que anteriormente tenia en uso un blackberry 9000 y comparado con el BB 9780 es superior en tecnologia, su camara y sobre todo su teclado qwerty que mejora el funcionamiento del telefono comparado con el BB bold 9000 que la bolita y la membrana tuve que mandarla a repararla en menos de un a&ntilde;o de uso, espero que este bb 9780 su funcionabilidad sea mas duradera, hasta ahora estoy contento de haber adquirido el telefono a traves de amazon.

Packaging demolished the machine casing is to assemble the product, about the gap is particularly large, seriously use the USB interface, the accessories are not original products, including the shell, use a few days to start off paint, fading and illegible. Headset is fake, even the sleep sets is false! ! This from AMAZON Shopping feel terrible! !

La compra (del telefono que sefun era nuevo) se realizo con exito mas sin envargo al llegar el producto al destino este sufrio una caida lo hice revisar de un tecnico y este me indico q el telefono no era nuevo sino de segunda mano no como lo indicaban las especificaciones, motivo por el cual podria decir que Amazon no deberia de permitir que vendedores como el que me realizaron la venta salgan en este portal

its a good cellphone, i bought it directly from amazon but its a model that 3G doesnt work with MOVISTAR VENEZUELA, wich its a problem for me.... shame

compre un celular confiado en que era un articulo nuevo de paquete cuando me llego pude apreciar que es un celular usado debido a que la goma esta un poco desgastada, la tapa de la bateria no cierra bien y al presionar la letra p esta no funciona bien

I RECENTLY BOGHT THIS PHONE (BEFORE THEY CHANGED THE DESCRIPTION) AND THEY ASSURED I WAS GOING TO RECEIVE A RCM MODEL, WHAT I RECEIVED WAS A RCN MODEL WICH IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE NETWORKS THAT WORK IN MI AREA. AMAZON SUCKS!

manden lo que promocionan abusadores no sirven no envian lo que venden prometen algo cumplan abusadores no sirven como vendedores

very good, it was just I wanted. very good, it was just I wanted. very good, it was just I wanted

I have a bad experience with this article, my phone only work for 5 month ago; then, the bb doest'n working; all the time was shutt off; and i think that it's not a product that i asked because i think that the seller send me a refurbish product; and i asked a new one; when i receive my bb; the office charge doesn't work; never.Well it was a bad experience, i'm sorry, but the phone i can't to turn on more; it was dead.I never will buy telephone to you. If you have any way to help me tell me that. I lost my money with you.ThanksRosanna CruzBlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)

I have owned far too many phones in my life, mostly because I'm a geek. I've had an iPhone 3G, 3GS, and iPhone 4; a Nokia N8, Nokia N95, Nokia X2, Nokia C3, and now use a Nokia E6 concurrent with my Blackberry; and finally I have owned a Blackberry Curve and bought a Blackberry Bold 9780 about two months ago.The Blackberry Bold 9780 is a solid phone - built to last. It comes with a holster that works great at saving power (the phone idles when you put it in its case, unless you get a call). It has a great camera that takes wonderful pictures. The antenna is very strong and the reception brilliantly clear (depending on your carrier, of course). The new OS is smooth as silk and your email, applications, contacts, social network sites, and everything else you need can be integrated into the dock on the main screen. The battery life is astounding - you can go for three days without a charge if you make sporadic phone calls and regularly check email.If you like playing games on your phone, this will not be the phone for you. But if you want to take care of business and be able to use social networking sites, this is the best phone out there. Much better than the overhyped iPhone.

I just got the phone today! Blackberry 9780 Unlocked! It appears good!I just bought this phone to give to my brother who lives in another country.

Good afternoon,Messrs. AmazonReally to date have not received the product so for that part I'm trying to resolve the situation, which is very worrying me and I think it is a failure because it was sent without the recipient.

What disappointment with the Bold 9780, apparently was a new phone and it turned out that not served at all, the battery does not work, does not read the sd memory and the screen went blank, I'm from Venezuela and I lost my dollars with this purchase, I recommend this store for anything .... bad very bad

HIGHWAY ROBBERYClaiming a Phone to be Brand NEW and is COMPLETELY Refurbished.I bought this phone, under the impression that it was completely brand new.I had to have it serviced last week, and upon closer inspection, 99% of the phone inside is completely refurbished.I spent over $ 25 USD to get it serviced and certain key parts could not be replaced. The media card slot does not work anymore,it cannot read my media card, and now I have to sell it for less than I paid.Its been more than 6 mths and I cant even return it.What a waste of my time and money.DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER! (The Queen's Nile)

BUENAS NOCHES QUISIERA SABER PARA QUE OPERADORAS TRABAJA EL BOLD EN VENEZUELA Y CON CUANTAS BANDAS TIENE Y EL PRECIO QUE ME SALE EN LA CESTA DE COMPRAS ES DE 385 ESE ES PRECIO YA CON EL ENVIO AL SITIO QUE YO DESEE EN ESTADOS UNIDOS UNA VEZ HECHA LA COMPRA CUANTOS DIAS TARDA EN LLEGAR?  POR FAVOR RESPONDER AL CORREO mariafernanda118@hotmail.com o mariafernanda118@gmail.com

This is the best BB that I ever have. I bought the new BB but I still didn't get use to it.

APPARENTLY THE EQUIPMENT WAS NOT NEW, THE CHARGER DID NOT FIT.  WHEN WRITING, CERTAIN LETTERS WERE DUPLICATED.  FINALLY HAD TO SPEND USD 50 MORE IN REPAIRS AND BUYING A NEW CHARGER

I just bought this phone to give to my brother who lives in another country. When he tried to program it realized that 3 keys did not work. Since it was a gift and not live in USA led to an authorized technician, and it turns out the phone was refurbished, but the announcement did not say so. This is a scam.

The phone itself is very good one that came with a problem with the keyboard, typing the words are repeated

Compre el Bold 9780 y me llego sin la bateria .,., son de lo ultimo.,.,, no recomiendo a este vendedor/////Compre el Bold 9780 y me llego sin la bateria .,., son de lo ultimo.,.,, no recomiendo a este vendedor///////Compre el Bold 9780 y me llego sin la bateria .,., son de lo ultimo.,.,, no recomiendo a este vendedor//////////Compre el Bold 9780 y me llego sin la bateria .,., son de lo ultimo.,.,, no recomiendo a este vendedor///////////Compre el Bold 9780 y me llego sin la bateria .,., son de lo ultimo.,.,, no recomiendo a este vendedor

Buen equipo, telefono inteligente facil de utilizar, de peso ligero, alta calidad en las fotografias, alta definici&oacute;n en la grabaci&oacute;n de videos y lo mejor es un bold que para mi de todos los blackberry es el mejor.

I bought this blackberry bold 9780 hoping to arrive as stated in the specification. BUT unfortunately it was not. on the website says it is RCN72UV model but the model that comes to me is RBE41GW. is a model that does not work 3G in my country. IS A PITY THAT HAVE TO FEEL BUYING FROM AMAZON FRUSTRATION. The phone itself is fine, it's new (I think). Battery comes without any details or leave me the impression that it is fake?..............yo compre este blackberry bold 9780 con la esperanza de que llegara tal como dec&iacute;a en la especificaci&oacute;n. PERO lastimosamente no fue as&iacute;. en la p&aacute;gina web dice que es modelo RCN72UV pero el modelo que me llega es RBE41GW. es un modelo que no funciona 3G en mi pa&iacute;s. ES UNA L&Aacute;STIMA QUE TENGA QUE SENTIR FRUSTRACI&Oacute;N COMPRANDO DE AMAZON. El tel&eacute;fono en s&iacute; esta bien, es nuevo (creo). la bater&iacute;a viene sin ning&uacute;n detalle o sea me deja la impresi&oacute;n que es falsificado?

El proveedor es muy confiable, lo entregaron puntualmente y llego en perfectas condiciones. Tiene una memoria de 2 Gb y est&aacute; desbloqueado o sea que puede trabajar con cualquier operadora de su pais. Funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n.

I am a fan of the Blackberry and this is my favorite so far.  Had a bit of the problem with the charger but determined it was the charger and not the Blackberry.

There seems to be some varying degree of standards or quality checks with these phones. I had to replace my charging port and the top speaker and assembly. Problem 1 was the phone would restart itself when the charger was inserted : change the charge input port . Problem 2 the speaker voice stopped working : change the speaker and assembly . At this price the phone is a deal , all I am saying is that you may have to do your own quality checks to obtain OEM performance from your phone.

El blackberry 9780 es muy buen telefono Aqui en Venezuela funciona perfectamente con Movistar ten&iacute;a el Bold 9000 tambi&eacute;n bueno pero el 9780 es muy superior en c&aacute;mara y  versatilidad lo recomiendo ampliamente.

You should stop selling these phones on your web site and sell them on the street out of your trunk.  This phone is cheap; mickey mousey.  I have to press a key -- three, four times -- when I dial and/or text.  I see why the price is as it is: the phone is cheap.  This is a cheap rendition.

i am not happybecause i pay a new blackberry and seller send a reconstructed blacberrynot usb cable and not free handis very sad all it.-

El celular es muy bueno y la atencion prestada por el vendedor fue muy buena, disfruto mucho de mi nuevo celular, gracias por todo.

un excelente producto, buena recepcion, video, camara velocidad, en general un buen producto, yo lo uso en venezuela con la operadora movistar y no presento mimgn problema, 100% recomendado...

The phone only works on EDGE with movistar, raises no 3G phone, the handset is damaged wine listening to the conversation and handsfree port does not work, other than the equipment I have not been dropped or anything and came out a few lines to the screen , it seems that this phone is repowered.

El Equipo BB 9780 es sencillamente excelente, funciona perfectamente con las operadoras de mi pa&iacute;s (Venezuela) Movistar, modelo RCM72UW, con todos sus accesorios. Sin logos de operadoras como T-mobile, AT&T;, etc. Lamentablemente funciona con las Bandas 1,4 y 8, por lo que nunca funcionar&aacute; el 3G con las operadoras Movistar y Movilnet.Fue comprado directamente a la tienda AMAZON.

LLego en perfecto estado el Equipo BB 9780, es excelente, funciona perfectamente con la operadora de mi pa&iacute;s (Venezuela), DIGITEL. Rapido envio..Vendedor Recomendado.

I rated like this, because it was exactly what I wanted and I'll recommend this product to each person that is looking a good cellphone

phone in poor conditionearlier this year bought a bolt4 and slow shipping earlier this year. after the phone take so long to get to Venezuela ... in a few months it gave me blank screen when I send a check turned out to be that the phone was wet and rusty on the inside of the phone ... so I would like someone else to spend the same.

I had my first Blackberry with hoping to enjoy internet access. However, I do not want to use the 3G data system because I have no data plan. So I decided to use Wi-fi for internet access. I could not be able to make work my wireless. Changed all of details, changed wireless network, do connect with a password free open access network. But none of them work. So, I'm not sure my phone is not working proper of I have to do something about my settings.

Excelente la compra muy responsable me gusto lo recomiendo para futuras compras llego tal y cual como se esperaba a la fecha indicada

Se recibi&oacute; la mercancia en el tiempo establecido y con la calidad ofertada, fue un excelente regalo para mi esposa, est&aacute; muy contenta.

This was one of the worst purchased I have made.  This is phone is from Canada, which is not compatible for US.  I took my old phone to the store to have it transferred to this Blackberry Bold and the sale rep said &#34;This is a phone from Canada and we can not transferred your BlackBerry to this phone.I feel that I have been ripped off. Because this advertisement does not say this phone is from Canada.

I thought I was purchasing a new Blackberry Bold. It was a gift for my mom. Well, the product was defective, refurbished or something but it wasn't new. I am not sure yet If I'll ever buy another electronic from Amazon. The vendor should not be allow to sell in the Amazon platform.Amazon return policy worked perfectly. My money was reimbursed shortly after I sent the unit back. I went and bought the product directly from another seller. I understand this is not Amazon's fault but whatever re-seller fulfilled this order. I am writing this review to alert you on the seller.

The mobile phone is used&#65292;but sales told me it is new&#12290;i donot advise everyone to buy&#12290;maybe the 9780  is used all

It has been working well thus far and I hope it continues to and i would recommend to  anyone looking for a phone.

ME ENVIARON UN TELEFONO T-MOBILE, Y EN LAS FOTOS SALE UN TELEFONO SIN MARCA, RESULTA QUE A MI NO ME SIRVE PARA MOVISTAR EN VENEZUELA; QUE FALTA DE SERIEDAD, SI ESTUVIERA EN ESTADOS UNIDOS YA SE LOS HABRIA DEVUELTO Y PARA COLMO NO ENTIENDO POR QUE NO ENVIAN LA FACTURA EN EL PAQUETE, DE VERDAD NO RECOMIENDO A NADIE COMPRAR A ESTA GENTE YA QUE LE MANDAN A UNO GATO POR LIEBRE.

there's a gap in bottom and upper part of the screen, not well-fitted. Putting my thumb on the screen and moving up and down, I can hear sound because of that gap. Poor quality. I would rather buy at electronics stores carrying unlocked phones next time.

excelente vendedor recomendado 100%. el producto fue de la calidad que esperaba. Excelente atencion por parte del vendedor. El bold 9780 super rapido, nuevo, con todos sus accesorios.

Compre un telefeono de este modelo, me vino la tapa rota y la pila toda rayada,sin empaque... Si dicen que la condicion del telefono es nueva porque envian ese telefono asi. no lo recomiendo para ninguna compra futura. Buy an telefeono of this model, the broken cover and battery popped all scratched, no packaging ... If they say the condition of the phone is new because the phone so sent. not recommend it for any future purchase.

This BlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone is a good and excellent product. It works very good and it is a 3G

I bought this phone in april 2011 to amazon.com directly. The phone came with all the specifications, earphones, charger, battery, etc, it came without any brand on it, so it can be used in any cellphone company for the 3G(Important in LatinAmerica). Also it came with a memory card of 2GB, it did not gave me any problems.At first I was going to buy it to another seller, but then I wrote and asked them if the cellphone would work on any band for the 3G, and they told me they didn't guarantee it, so I decided to buy it directly from amazon.com and it was the best choice I could ever done!Unfortunally I got stoled like 4 moths after I bought it, so I'm missing it, right now it is more expensive than it was when I bought it, so I hope that the price will go lower this month so I can buy it again :)------Compre este telefono en abril de 2011 directamente a amazon.com. El telefono vino con todas las especificaciones, (audifonos, cargador, bateria, etc), vino sin ninguna marca en el, es decir que puede utilizarse en cualquier compa&ntilde;ia telefonica para el 3G (lo cual es importante en Lanioamerica). Ademas vino con una tarjeta de memoria de 2GB (lo cual no especifica), el telefono nunca me dio ningun problema.AL principio iba a comprarlo a otro vendedor, pero luego les escribi y les pregunte si el telefono funcionar&iacute;a en cualquier banda de 3G, y me respondieron diciendo que no me lo garantizaban, as&iacute; que decidi comprarlo directamente a amazon.com por un review que lei aqui mismo y fue la mejor elecci&oacute;n que pude haber hecho!Desafortunadamente me robaron 4 meses despues de haber comprado el telefono, asi que me hace falta.. En este momento esta mucho mas costoso que cuando lo compre, asi que espero que el precio vaya a bajar para poder comprarlo de nuevo :)

the phone came with a blow on the screen..cell on the screen has a black strip of a blow he received in the same

Excelente producto buena presentacion es lo que realmente eperaba, la compra la realice en la tienda Amazon rapidez en la entrega y segura.

Man, this blackberry looks so cool on the reviews, the problem is it hasn't shipped out to me yet, its been around a week. man i just need it.

i was looking for the newest black berry which Q10  i will surely not to recomend this to any of my customers.

Very good device. The keyboard is very sensitive, so I have to erase letters everytime I use it. It did not recognize the memory card. The camera is very poor

EXCELENTE un telefono maravilloso muy rapido y de uso sencillo muy rapido con la operadora aca en venezuela (digitel) &#60;3

I have my 9780 since august, I can say it is a great phone. The battery life is great, I charge it once every 3 or 2 and a half days. I don't know why 3G is not working, I expect is a providers problem.If you want a BB with great features, buy a 9780.

El telefono a presentado algunas fallas, adem&aacute;s de que la banda 3G no funciona para mi operadora, aunque el vendedor indico que se encontraba liberado

I got this phone from second hand, but it filled my expectations. Being now in the middle of the BB family, It is feature packed, fast and versatile. Enough tech for most users.

Recomiendo  mucho  este  equipo  lo estoy  utilizando y me  parece  de  una  rapidez  extraordinaria  comparada con  mi  anterior  equipoy  no  pesa  nada  , buenisimo

I currently own this phone and love it.  Unfortunately it went into the washer with my clothes and is now dead! So, I am now buying this unlocked phone.  Do unlocked phones come with a sim card and a data card?

This is a refurbish phone that have several problems, some of which includes malfunctioning keypad and touch pad. The screen has been going blank ever so often.  I hate this product because i think person who sell this phone sold knowing that it was refurbish and was working effectively.  i am very disappointed and upset with amazon too.

buenos dias por favor deseo que mi blackberry que acabo de comprarle  sea version at&t por la facilidad de la banda de 3g aca en venezuela  , ,espero no decepcionarme de mi compra . gracias

I bought this phone for my daughter expecting it to work right out of the box.  Had to take it to a local technician because there was no browser, MSN, Facebook and other apps were not working.  Was informed that many of the functions on  the phone were disabled, because it was meant for a business person.  I am now wondering whether this was a used phone.  Have to spend money now to resolve this issue, since I am in the Caribbean and may  not be able to return this phone in a timely manner.

Phone went dead after two weeks of use. I can see why blackberry is all but done as a phone company.

I really love this phone, so far is working perfectly in Venezuela. It's nice and easy to write with it.

I purchase a new phone and was given a old one. The phone stopped working after six months of having it

una chimba esto parcero muy bueno me llego rapido y en excelentes condiciones.lo recomiendo a todos los que vean esto

This phone is NOT NEW it is giving me problems with the buttons its an old phone with a new housing DO NOT BUY IT.

Hi, This is a really a grate little phone.You get very clear photo for a 5 MP camera also the speaker is loud and clear. Worth the price recommend to all my friends.

i love this phone even though it will be the last one of this type i will purchase. It serve my needs for now, but will want to upgrade in the near future to touch screen phones.

este celular  no sirve. tiene el teclado da&ntilde;ado, boton de camara no sirve, la camara no funciona, la bateria esta mala da&ntilde;ada y no trajo memoria externa. fraude

the keyboard stutters! after i made a research i learned that this is a very common problem for this model. hopefully, i returned the item and get my money back. but be careful, use amazon fulfillment sellers.

I really like this phone, it was not what I had expected ! The phone is alot smaller than it looks on the pictures. It really exceeded my expectations ! The phone seemed brand new except for a few tweets. The phone came with many added accessories and I was really excited ! I'm happy with the product ! My name is Markesh Forbes and I approve this buyer and their products !

friend I would like to know if this equipment is new, work in Venezuela and which operatorsI am interested in purchasing one of this

a los pocos d&iacute;as de comprado se da&ntilde;o la pantalla, cambie por otra pantalla igualmente se da&ntilde;o al mes siguiente horrible para mi son tlf reconstruidos y los venden como articulo nuevo.

My brother apparently loves this  blackberry bold phone for reasons best known to him. And it's cute I must say!

bueno todavia esta en funcionamiento

I bought the bb phone And i have vera expectative about Thais product but no satifice complety beca use i have trouble with the batery

The keyboard of the phone was stiff, and often would select multiple buttons of I only pressed it once. Overheats easily. Battery shuts down even when fully charged. I bought a new battery and the same happened. I was advised that these problems were as a result of the motherboard being defective when the phone was purchased.

THIS CELL IS VERY VERY GOOD... IS HARD!.. I LIKE THE TECNOLOGY AND THIS CELL IS MY OBSESSION!.. EXCELLENT CELL BLACKBERRY

El telefono llego en perfecto estado nuevo abierto por la aduana lo e probado con movilnet y movistar de venezuela y funciona perfectamente ecxelente vendedor.

I equip Completely New and he/she lifts 3g in Venezuela for Digitel and Edge for Movistar and Movilnet,  I recommend it for their funcionabilidad and yield of the battery.

el bb 9780 llego en perfectas condiciones, nuevo, con su pila, cargador y demas originales, la memoria de 2gb..,lo unico que la banda 3G es solo 1,2,4 ( es decir Digitel )...

Overall it is a great phone it is in good shape and it is brand new.The only problem I had is: That the 3G network won't work with my phone line (Movistar from Venezuela.) since the 3G platform of the phone won't work with my phone line. It came with the 3G platform 1,4 and 8. So it will only work with Digitel Venezuela.All I have to say is that you have make sure the phone has the 3G band 1,2,5 and 6. and it will work with Movistar and Movilnet. If it is what you want.Alex.

I have this cellphone over a year now and it hasn't given any more than trouble. It freezes constantly, hardware and software issues, everything sucks.

I am beyond satisfied with the phone. The phone quickly arrived and because it arrived as advertised "unlocked" I was immediately able to use it and communicate with my family!!!

LA COMPRA DEL PRODUCTO SE REALIZO EN UNA FORMA SENCILLA Y PRACTICA ACOMPA&Ntilde;ADO DE SUFICIENTE INFORMACI&Oacute;N PARA LA OPERATIVIDAD.CON OFRECIMIENTO VARIADO DE PRODUCTOS.

el celular es chevere, el software increible.. el problema es que no coge el 3G en Ecuador sino que solo funciona en EDGE por ser de Tmobile. Por suerte aun el 3G en Ecuaador no es tan rapido y no se nota la diferencia. De ahi el telefono es bueno..

Soy de Maracaibo, todo lleg&oacute; bien. La &uacute;nica limitante del tel&eacute;fono es q no levanta 3G debido a las bandas, pro igual lo conecte a movilnet y funciona muy bien.

exelente producot

the cell phone came unlocked but i cannot run the internet and the social networks,, additional cannot run the 3g,, the seller has to review the product before sell it,,,

Seller AMAZON.COM. I just received this product and it doesn't work in any 3G network in Panam&aacute;. It only work in GSM + EDGE networks :-(

good product, I found myself here on the page, the price is comfortable, and openly recommend, is exactly the sought

EXCELENTE EQUIPO EL BOLD 978O... Lo recomiendo ampliamente a los venezolanos que compramos con el cupo cadivi... el equipo que recibi es desbloqueado totalmente, no tiene logo de alguna compa&ntilde;ia telefonica, viene con sus accesorios, totalmente nuevo, es un equipo ligero, viene con software 6.0 , las fotografias son excelentes, conecta efectivamente con  3G, claro, lo compr&eacute; directamente a Amazon, NO a los otros vendedores ... Recomiendo a ojos cerrados siempre y cuando lo compren a Amazon directamente...

Buenos D&iacute;as,la compra fue muy buena al momento de recibir el tel&eacute;fono aqu&iacute; en Venezuela, lo puse a cargar las horas estipuladas que son 8 horas, la bater&iacute;a nunca tomo carga, prob&eacute; con otra bater&iacute;a y el tel&eacute;fono funciono bien la bater&iacute;a  vino da&ntilde;ada, a los 5 d&iacute;as de uso en la pantalla apareci&oacute; una mancha negra no se a que se debe dicha mancha ya que el tel&eacute;fono no se a ca&iacute;do, a mi parecer no es un producto de buena calidad no lo recomiendo a este fabricante como bueno.Good Morning,the purchase was very good at the time of the phone here in Venezuela, I put it to charge the required hours are 8 hours, the battery never take charge, tried another battery and the phone worked fine wine damaged battery, at 5 days of use on the screen appeared a black spot is not a spot to be said because the phone was not dropped, in my opinion not a good quality product not recommend this manufacturer as well.

Good afternoon ..Thank send invoice of this team, which is necessary to be able to run the sending of the same ..Send to the address listed on amazon ....Thanking to further accelerate this application ...No more ...Franklin Mendoza

Ya tengo varios meses de uso con este tlf y me va de maravilla. Cuando lo compre el env&iacute;o fue realizado antes de tiempo y la atenci&oacute;n por parte del vendedor excelente. Lo recomoendo. Soy de Maracaibo.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE , IT WAS DELIVERED ON TIME, UNFORTUNATELY HAD TO RETURN BECAUSE IT WAS NOT WORKING PROPERLY, COULD ONLY MAKE & RECEIVE CALLS. HOPE IT WAS NOT A STOLEN PHONE

I use the BB as a secondary mobile, if the price is good and goes well for messages is a handy software utility. Although my first mobile is an iphone

A great option, however, some included basic accessories are easily worn or defective ( the original pouch and the wired hands frees set included)The cell phone is working without any problems, the batt duration has been improved, details in hardware are also improved, and the processor is as fast or even better than the Torch 9800 ! Reception is very good, sound and multimedia options are as published by BB RIMAn easy to use cell phone, with many nice surprises included in the new OS interfaceFor users interested in knowing about service providers outside the US: it works without problems with all three providers in Venezuela (funciona sin problemas con cualquiera de las operadoras en Venezuela)

This phone has problems. The battery overheats and does not take the load. How can we do to resolve this situation. Is supposed to be a new phone and should have no problems.

It is a most excellent product quality, recommend it to all users and customers of Amazon. thank you very much

spend $250 for this phone,brand new,start using it a month after,the caller id wasn't working,wont display any contact name when ringing,you will only see the 9 digits numbers,and we all know that sometimes you dont wanna pick up certain peoples,keep freezing also when you updating,i told them about it ,they didn't offer any assistance ,no return or exchange(cause i start using it a month after)even so you dont expect a brand new phone(they said)to act crazy.the only think the will tell you is to contact blackberry,buying from this company not a safe move

excelente tel&eacute;fono... es calidad, ademas funciona perfectamente con las operadoras de Venezuela... recomiendo este tel&eacute;fono solo compr&aacute;ndolo aqu&iacute; en Amazon... porque sale mucho mas econ&oacute;mico... ademas trae una memoria microSD de 2 GB... y todos los dem&aacute;s accesorios...

The item work only three months and then began an intermittent fault on the screen. We had to replace it and spend enough money on repairs. I do not think back to buy phones in this wayEl equipo dur slo 3 meses y luego empez una falla intermitente en la pantalla.Hubo que reemplazar la misma y gastar bastante dinero en su reparacin. No creo volver a comprar telfonos por esta va

This is a very good cell phone. It's a very usefull tools for all people that need to use for the office or personal use.

The Bold 9780 is another good blackberry phone. The OS 6 isn't as bad as i thought.For me i dont have any problem with this phone.

HI,THE BLACK BERRY BOLD 9780 IS NO GOOD,AFTER A COUPLE OF DAYS THE PHONE STOP WORK,WHEN OPEN THE CASEN IT IS A OLD PHONE THIS IS NOT FARE IT IS NOT RIGHT TO TAKE MONEY FOR A OLD PHONE,THAT NEED TO PUT IN THE GARBAGE,I AM ON VACATION AND I CANT USED IT,THANK YOU FOR THE GARBAGE YOU ALL SOLD ME.

EXCELENTE! BUENA INVERSI&Oacute;N LLEGO CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES T&Eacute;CNICA ESCOGIDA EN EL MOMENTO DE LA COMPRA  Y EN EL MOMENTO INDICADO

ME llego un equipo usado, sin cd de instalaci&oacute;n, sin memoria micre sd, pila usada.. todo esto cuando el estatus del equipo a comprar decia nuevo y se pago por un equipo nuevo... Por estas razones no lo recomiendo...

the phone is in a very good condition and everything work fine so far i would definately get another one if need it

very good and much greaty you finish ontv  bill rewt goog fit boll as this requiest not anf lock me and so you

I just got the phone today! Blackberry 9780 Unlocked! It appears new! I  put my sim card from by 9810 Torch seems to work fine! I have a Digicel sim card and put that in the phone and that past the test! I actually got the phone to use in Jamaica and the Caribbean! I may use it in the States too after all it's unlocked! I would buy another one!

The BB was not new, was refurbisched,to be used in the USA.The supplier not fulfilled the offered.The BB only worked for a few days.It was checked by technical service and they said that it had problems of manufacture

My son suggested I purchase this phone and it was a great suggestion! I highly recommend this phone to anyone!!!! The only problem I encountered was the seller I bought from was not totally honest. The phone was a new Tmobile phone but it was supposed to have a home charger in the box( It says it on the box and I followed up with Tmobile and asked them )but when the phone arrived it did not have a charger. I contacted the seller and was told that after 2007 all new Tmobile phones don't come with home chargers. But overall I love the phone!!

hola a todos compre mi tlf por amazon, no por un vendedor y es un exelente producto!! se los recomiendo a todos y funciona muy bien con todas la operadoras de venezuela!! lo recomiendo pero eso si comprendo a la amazon no a un venderon!!

The phone was advertised as new but was used. The headphone and manual did not came with the device, and right button is not working.After having said said, it is a great phone and it was in good conditions, it works great. The right button is a pity

BlackBerry Bold 9780, muy buen telefono movil excelente precio muy buena camara unas de las mejores ultima version de sofware un teclado muy suave entre otras.

recommended product that I had before, however want to mention that I bought new and used sent me. He was scratched and dirty

This is not a quad band phone.  Only compatible with 3g bands 1,4,8.  This means that the phone will most likely not support 3G on your carrier only EDGE/GSM.  Amazon normally delivers great products but this is by far the worst order I've ever made on this website.  Amazon needs to monitor would people sell on this site because after spending $300 I am not a happy camper.  I got ripped off.

Can't beat the old reliable workhorse of phones. Still the nest one around for the money. Stick with something that works.

EXCELLENT PRODUCT SO WHAT IS, IS A FAST, WONDERFUL EQUIPMENT, I LIKES MUCH MY TELEPHONE, ADAPTED TO TECHNOLOGY, THANKS TO THE SALESMAN

buena compra muy bueno el telefono no tiene problemas y tiene todas las funciones lo recibi a tiempo lo recomiendo

The product is good. Easy to use.  But difficult to those who like the touchscreen capacitive ones. The smartphone has a good size for those who don't like the biggers or largers.

The product arrived with 2 failures.The product arrived at the right time and unlocked, but the battery was damaged, appeared to make it load a red X symbol on the battery, take it to a technical service and was dead. I had to buy a new battery and the phone lit normally.The other flaw was the trackpad, came damaged too, had to buy a new one and now the phone is fully operational. But the idea is to come 100% good and it was so. I hope this is not a failure in the future.Finally no 3G operator lifts where I have it (Movistar Venezuela), but it should be a problem of the operator, but the team should raise anyone 3G with this type of technology.El producto llego con 2 fallas.El producto llego en el tiempo correcto y desbloqueado, pero la bateria estaba da&ntilde;ada, al ponerla a cargar aparecia una X roja sobre el simbolo bateria, la lleve a un servicio tecnico y estaba muerta. Tuve que comprar una bateria nueva y el telefono encendio de manera normal.La otra falla fue el trackpad, vino da&ntilde;ado tambien, tuve que comprar uno nuevo y ya el telefono esta completamente operativo. Pero la idea es que viniera 100% bien y no fue asi. Espero que no presente alguna falla en el futuro.Por ultimo no levanta 3G en la operadora donde lo tengo (movistar Venezuela), pero ya debe ser problema de la operadora, aunque el equipo deberia levantar 3G con cualquiera que tenga este tipo de tecnologia.

The cell phone was for my daughter and can not imagine what it was super happy to receive it. For my part, I am satisfied with the cell phone, came in buenisima condicones and all its accessories, do not complain of the cell phone even though you buy it with caution, in the sense that they did not know if the 3G would work with the telephone line Digitel (Venezuela) because only indicated that working on the 3G network (1700, 2100 MHz).I think that should give more information as to the 3G network running cell phones, for example, in the case of BlackBerry, the box has a label indicating these specifications, eg 3G bands 1, 4, 8 . This means that:A = 2100 MHz2 = 1900 MHz4 = 1700 MHz5 / 6 = 850 / 800 MHz8 = 900 MHz

I love it! It is everything I expected it to be! Authentic packaging and all the little details that normally count were there, including a holster. Everything was great, shipment was super express!

Muy buena la compra y rapida sin problemas, muchas gracias.. Sigan asi, espero seguir contando con ustedes para futuras compras...

I do not know if you have been receiving my correspondence with Warm Mart about the celulara I purchased from you.  Let me tell you a few things about this case: 1. The telephone was received dfective, the connector to charge the battery was not working right.  I took the telephone to a profesional technician to repair it and today he did.  The connector was changed but what a surprise when he tells me the connector has been fixed before and he assure me the telephone was a refurbish equipment. I purchased a brand new telephone from you and this is unaceptable.  I suggest you make a substantial adjustment to my account or I will see myself in the need to put this in higher hands.  2. The package did not contained an instruction book and I have requested it many times to Warm Mart and the keep going around in circles.  3. The CD with the software included do not work either it opens the first block and it get stocked there.  I regret the purchase of this equipment from you because that company is not a reliable one.By the way the charges for the change of the connector was only $20.00 because I am a frequent customer of that technician.

Mrs...This cellphone  (BB 9780) arrived to me without accesories and with some damages in the screen.what' so guy???I was thinking that it's service were good, but it's very bad....I remember to you, that this cell phone was cost over 250$...

the phone was new only in &#34;&#34; cuz i couldnt use the keyboard they had the phone stored the pin of the cellphone was old like from 2 years ago

mi tel&eacute;fono vino con un gran problema no 'puedo escribir con el, lamentablemente tiene un problema y cuando quiero escribir un mensaje se repiten las letras, esta situaci&oacute;n es bien tediosa y fastidiosa, que lamentable que un tel&eacute;fono tan costoso sea tan malo, ser&aacute; que se puede hacer algo al respecto ?

compre un backberry bold 9780 y llego perfecto..y en tiempo record...pueden comprar cualkier cosa a este vendedor...todo nuevo y completo...

aun siendo un telefono usado, se necontraba en muy buen estado, tengo mas de un a&ntilde;o con el celular y aun funciona muy bien. Los recomiendo

excelente telefono celular y cumplio con las espectativas, en perfecto estado y sin mas que decir se concreto la venta

Por favor necesito q env&iacute;en de nuevo este articulo a la direcci&oacute;n q consta en el envi&oacute; para poder retirar mi tel&eacute;fono contestar porfavor en espa&ntilde;ol gracias al correo zamapri23@yahoo.com

Para Venezuela bandas 3G  liberadas para digitel funciona perfectamente, vendedor 100% recomendado, articulo nuevo en perfectas condiciones . . .

Tired of using wide size blackbery and i decided to give this phone a tryer, behold its very perfect slim and can fit my pocket with eaze. I love everytin about it and strongly recommend.

Este equipo lo compre para usarlo en Venezuela y ha funcionado a la perfecci&oacute;n, estoy muy satisfecha y contenta por haber adquirido este producto

I have a complaint I am from Venezuela and this product since I ordered it because I had problems sent him out of the estimated date I am receiving today and the phone restarts aharra not signal turns on and paid, you see that was opened screws do not have the security seal and where is the imei and pin code is not what normally brings blackberry ... So expect immediate response to the change or I get my money .... Thanks Jorge Ginez

MUY BUEN ARTICULO, FUNCIONA  EN MI PAIS , FULL DESBLOQUEADO Y COMPATIBLE, FUE LO QUE ESPERABA ,NUEVO Y LIBRE PARA CUALQUIER BANDA GSM

SINCE IT IS NO SOUND acquired HAVE TO PUT LOUDLY AND BAD TO LISTEN TO ATTRACT THE NETWORKS BATTERY CHARGE NO GOOD

ok blackberry bold 9780 i like run real good it very clean for use phone this a good deal u can buy from this dealer

After a friend convinced me to buy a Blackberry, I picked up the bold with little research. It is a good phone, great, classic keyboard that Blackberry uses love, and the trackpad, replacing the trackball. While the phone itself is pretty great, it is a little pricey for what it can do compared with competitors, but it is marketed as a corporate phone, with the secure BIS/BES email integration. It lacks what most smartphones have these days, in terms of both hardware and software, which makes this another outdated phone.HARDWARE:The phone comes with a 624 MHz processor and 512 MB ram, which seems very small and outdated, but works well for basics. However, whenever the phone pauses, it has a small clock, freezes the whole phone & waits until the CPU can cope again, which really does drive me crazy when downloading from app world & browsing the web, and having to pause every 5 seconds for the phone to refresh.The phone itself seems very classy, with a leather back. However, the thickness makes it feel quite bulky, but it does help protect from numerous drops from myself. The phone comes with an expandable microSD slot, 3.5mm headphones & charges via a miniUSB port. At the top is a lock button, and a mute/pause button. It comes with volume buttons & 2 changeable 'Convenience keys.'The battery is a standard Li-Po 1500 mAh, which can get you through a standard day, but I find it with constant use, the battery life lasts between 7 - 12 hours, even shorter when using the GPS.The camera is a 5MP camera, with autofocus & a LED flash. I find it takes alright, quick shots, but it does become very grainy in low light & macro shots, so don't think it is a camera-replacing phone at all.It comes with GSM, CDMA, EDGE, HDSPA, 3G etc, not having any 4G LTE funky-stuff, but does mean that you can use it around the world. The software lets you tether it to a windows/mac pc via USB cable, but can not Bluetooth/Wifi Hotspot anything like a tablet.The Display is 480 x 360 pixels, 2.44 inches with a 246 ppi, which is quite high, compared to alot of phones, however many high-end phones are starting to catch up with the iPhone's 330 ppi 'Retina Display'. The Display is good, but is quite small and it not good for anyone with poor eyesight.The phone is controlled by 5 'buttons' which seem very numerous and is starting to also leave RIM behind. From left to right, its the Green Call button, which brings up call history, picks up calls etc, then the Blackberry Symbol Menu Button, which brings up a massive list of options, which is quick and compact, but is becoming outdated and is leaving the OS behind, yet again. The middle is a trackbad, which is a good replacement to the trackball, or a normal 5-way pad (like the Kindle). Next is the back button, which goes back the previous page & terminates programs, and the Red Hand up/Power button, Which comes back to the home page without terminating programs, rejects/hangs up calls & turns the phone on/off.It also comes with an LED front notification light, which flashes when you have a notification, which comes as a basis of all blackberry's. Although it is changeable, you need a third-party app in order to do so.SOFTWARE:It comes with BB OS 6.0.x, a pretty good overhaul from BB os 5, but it does has it's drawbacks, compared to iOS, Android and Windows Phone.The lock screen is very basic, nothing fancy like any other operating systems, which leads to the main interface. The whole phone is controlled by the track pad & the 4 buttons. The thing I love about the interface is the Notification center, which draws down & compiled all notifications for you. Below is the All page, which holds all the programs in one section, but can be distributed into sections when you slide across into Favourite, Frequent, Downloads & Media.The OS is quite snappy and fast, but lacks any massive GPU, which then restricts gaming to pretty much basic snake etc. The app world has very limited apps, with little games, and missing vital free apps, like adobe reader etc.Multitasking is a breeze, holding the Blackberry Button, but it does freeze up the phone if too much is happening at once. The OS is also quite smooth, but does delay if too much pressure on the phone at once.It also doesn't have Wifi Hotspot/Bluetooth Tethering capabilities, unlike Android/WP/iOS, which is a massive letdown, as a wifi tablet user. It does, however, tether via USB to windows/mac, which works well, with the software with the Blackberry.It also doesn't have flash, which annoys me also. People may argue flash is a memory hog & is slow & sluggish, it still does have a big part in the web at the moment, and until HTML5 becomes as good as flash, flash is still a necessity.It comes with BBM, which gives free messages across Blackberry devices, which is why my friend wanted me to get one in the first place. It used to be a massive selling point, but now with iMessage, and android alternatives, this is also slowly sliding away from RIM as well.CONCLUSION:So, this phone is great for social networking, emails, texting, basic web browsing etc. Although it has little CPU/RAM power, the OS works great when little pressure is applied to it. However, for the price, unless you want a keyboard or the secure BES/BIS email intergration, you had better steer clear, or grab something like the curve/pearl.PROS/CONS:Pros:- Secure Email- Great keyboard for long typing- Comes with BBM- Zippy OS- Good ppi density.- Comes with microSD card slot.- Versatile connectivity around the world.- Alright camera, good for basic snaps.Cons:- Small Battery Life- No tethering wifi/bluetooth support- Can't withstand alot of multitasking.- Small App Selection- Very little gaming.- Can feel a little bulk

i always loved black berry series. after breaking My last smartphone by accident i was so sad.  i run To buy online this model and found out it is very  reliable. excellent display. outstanding battery life.

el celular vino bloqueado y no se puede utilizar y segun la venta el telefono estaba desbloqueado ahora perdi mi dinero

I received my phone yesterday ,I placed my Sim and memory card in the phone and turned it on. The screen came up, so I decided to input the correct date and time, however when I went into the settings to do this the phone screen went black. I taught that the phone probably needed charging so I put it to charge, the screen remained black. An hour later it the screen came back up. I tried to up load the updated version of Blackberry App world and the screen cut off again, I took out the battery and all the cards, left it for 10 minutes, put everything back in, turned on the phone but the screen still remained black. Eventually it came back up, it went black again when I went into the Blackberry messenger App. By now I am so frustrated and fed up. The screen went black again and hasn't come back up yet

I got a cell phone with a deffect in the screen and it doesn't get a 3G conectivity. I am not using this cell phone, i keep it in the closet.

I ordered two phones.  One was not charging well.  Even when fully charged it shows that there is no charge on the phone.  THe second phone has a black mark on the top left hand side of the display which seems to be getting bigger!  I was not impressed with the service with the supplier who would only send out a generic email regarding replacement/repair of the phone.  Emailed them twice, but same standard email sent.

Estoy decepcionado con el producto adquirido, el modelo que me vino es RB E41GW muy distinto al que se indica en el anuncio y es diferente a lo que promociona el vendedor en la pagina de AMAZON; y aunque el articulo dice nuevo... la tecla gu&iacute;a (la que sirva para moverme por todo el celular) me vino hundida como si el producto ya fuera re-contra usado, adicional a esto el teclado no se retro-ilumina para nada esta en total oscuridad, de noche no puedo ver las letras y el tel&eacute;fono me queda totalmente in&uacute;til de noche o en la oscuridad, he probado todas las configuraciones para el teclado y nada de soluci&oacute;n, EL PRODUCTO ME VINO DEFECTUOSO; AMAZON como pagina anunciante de los productos que promociona deber&iacute;a exigir un mejor control de calidad para todos los productos que vende; eso le crea una mala reputaci&oacute;n a la pagina y la pr&oacute;xima vez que desee adquirir un producto por este medio, lo pensar&iacute;a 1 mill&oacute;n  de veces antes de comprar alg&uacute;n producto de nuevo, no hay garant&iacute;a por tu compra, desear&iacute;a devolver el producto pero no encuentro la forma; ESTOY DECEPCIONADO!!!!!!!.

phone screen arrived damaged and the return process has to be borne by the buyer, which I think is inappropriate.telefono  llego con pantalla da&ntilde;ada y el proceso de retorno tiene que correr por cuenta del comprador, por lo que me parece inapropiado.

WHEN I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT IT WAS BECAUSE THE ITEM MODEL WAS RCN72UW, WHICH WORKS WITH THE 3G BANDS THAT I NEED. THIS PHONE WAS BOUGHT FOR INTERNATIONAL USE SO THE MODEL OFFERED WAS SIPPOSED TO BE ALRIGHT. ONCE I TOOK THE PHONE TO VENEZUELA (THE COUNTRY WHERE THIS WAS GOING TO BE USED) I REALIZED THAT IT WAS NOT THE STYLE ON THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION. SO IT IS BEING USED AS A 2G PHONE. THE SELLER TOLD ME TO SEND IT BACK BUT IT WAS ALREADY IN VENEZUELA SO IT WOULD BE TOO EXPENSIVE TO RETURN THE PRODUCT.

The bold is working fine so far but it does not have the feeling of a new phone. Maybe I need to use it for some time

exelent seller! thanks a lot! It was a perfect gift for my husband! He loved his new phone! I'm going to buy This item too!:)

I got this phone three days ago  an upgrade from my 8520 and it's a  disgrace. The phone blanked out while I was using it and would not turn on, when it did turn on the battery was on red. The battery was almost fully charged when it went blank. My 8520 battery life is poor which was one  the reasons I wanted a  change but this  is the WORST. This 9780 battery goes  red in no time and shuts down. I was very unsure about which phone to buy after reading the reviews on amazon but I decided to try and beat the odds. I'm disappointed with amazon and would not eagerly recommend others since I have to now return the phone. I must say delivery was fast which is the only good thing from this deal.

Excelent product, works excelent on 3G, the camera is pretty good so as the flash, is pretty fast..Totally recommended

The phone was received in good and clean condition but  I think it was a refurbished phone that he sold to me in place of a new phone paid for. The body was quite clean and packaged properly, but when I observed the battery, it didn't have the blackberry trade mark or logo on it to show authenticity, it was just plain and faintly written made in chine on the opposite side. Then at the battery compartment, a paper with computer printed configurations was pasted inside the battery compartment. The paper was written "made in mexico" too with other phone identity numbers. I removed the pepper and discovered that there was a panel with some imprinted write ups but the printings were already cleaned out but not neatly, so, the computer printed paper was used to cover up the mess. So, I knew the phone was tempered with, and not entirely new. However, it still works and serves.

el equipo celular llego en perfectas condiciones y en el tiempo estipulado...el vendedor es un excelente proveedor...es reponsable y tienes buenos precios en los equipos..

Store sent me a locked phone and the keyboard does not work. Store not want to be responsible for damages

This Blackberry was not exactly what I expected. It is what seems like a "cheaper" blackberry. It had a few things that were VERY inconvenient and hard to change.

They steal my money. It worked for a month, when i take it to be repair, the technitian told me that this product wasn t new.

Whanted to say that de BB 9780 I Bought, arrived on time and all in good conditions as I expected. I'm using it in Argentina.Thank'sMC

i bought this as a secondary phone to my iphone 3gs and its not iphone but its really good in my opinion. its durable i still have it, i have had no problems with it. i bought it directly from amazon. i had one day shipping done cuz i live in the caribbean and the person taking to me was living in wisconsin and boarding their flight the next day. it arrived on time. u get a very nice leather case which is durable which is a good bonus

I bought this phone for my husband for Christmas and I was very pleased..at  first. It started giving problems over a period of time and the last time we took it to a technician to have it checked, low and behold it is not a new phone...I am totally not impressed

el bold es unos de los modelos mas completos y a este equipo en realida no le falta nada tremendo equipo

Este tlf solo levanta 3G con Digitel Venezuela. La entrega fue rapida. Vino en caja sellada con todos sus accesorios incluso una funda con clip. El detalle es que al revisar el &#34;kilometraje&#34; del tlf, mostro algunas horas y megas de uso, a pesar de en apariencia y funcionalidad todo nuevo.

buenos  dias  el dia  22  de agosto le  compre  una  blackberry 9780  necesito  la copia de la factura original para  que pueda  llegar a venezuela  el equipo llego sin factura

Just as advertised an open phone I was able to use with ease in the Caribbean. I would  really endorse this seller and his products good job

Excellent, design, capacity, applications.  It is all I needed and more.  I would definitely buy it again if i need to

Compre este celular para traerlo al Ecuador al principio empece a tener problemas con el celular ya con 2 teclas pero el vendedor se comunico conmigo dici&eacute;ndome cual era mi inconformidad entiendo que el celular venia defectuoso de fabrica ya que el vendedor no tiene la culpa pues al no poder regresar el celular a USA ellos me ofrecieron repararlo en mi pa&iacute;s la cual la satisfacci&oacute;n de ellos porque yo quedara satisfecho como comprador era su prioridad me gusto mucho que se comunicaran conmigo para preguntarme cual era el problema lo recomiendo al vendedor muy amable y muy comprensivo.Buy this phone to bring it to Ecuador at the beginning I started to have problems with the phone and with 2 keys but the seller contacted me telling me what my dissent understand that the phone came factory defective because the seller is not at fault for failing to to return the phone to USA repair they offered me in my country that meeting them will be satisfied because I was his priority as a buyer I like to communicate much to me to ask what was the problem I recommend the seller very friendly and very understanding .AtentamenteMarlon E AlemanIngeniero En Sistemas

well i bopugth this because it was a friend, i think the blackberry was good is his time, but now apple and andrid has the market

GOOD IS REQUESTING phone commercial invoice be sent to email facturas@libertyexpress.comas soon thankswish sending invoice to BREVEDAAWAIT TO ANSWER SOON

Order was perfect and as stated. I am happy with the purchase. Hope to purchase from you again in future.

great phone, same look as the 9700 but bolder system.. love the os6.0 it flows smooth.. no too much to say, came with all its accessories including the bb pouch, 3G work with ATT and movistar, movilnet...I recommended this product i bought mine from amazon.com

This cell phone is great. It performs as expected from Blackberry.  I feel confident that it will serve me well.

The supplier never sent the product, a poor service by the supplier.Never respond to an email which was sent. And more for people who live in other countries that exact time we order a product.They had to call Amazon and apply the guarantee of the AZ. To pay back credit card.Amazon should to fine these types of providers that do not meet customers and get them off your list. To not have the ability to sell to more customers on the web.Thanks,Belenkys G.

These blackberry phones were shipped to our customers as used, not new.  Our government customers have procedures in receiving their items and upon receiving, the quality of the phones shipped were USED.  There were used batteries, unnecessary stickers on the serial numbers, and some had scratches.

good

I bought this phone thinking it will work on any 3G band but it doesn't. The phone model is the RCN72UW and is not for Southamerica except for Venezuela I understand. The model I was hoping to get is the RCM72UW which is the one that works in almost all countries in Latinamerica....

I buy this item from FGS Trading and it's comes in my door only 3 day after order. This is great Blackberry which i can sync with Ubuntu 11.04 via Barry.

el blackberry es remanufacturado, no llego en la caja original de blackberry y la bateria es generica, por ahora funciona bien en movilnet..

The cell is simply extraordinary worth buying..... GOGO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO TO BUY NOW

This was a total disaster, the 2 cellphones were refurbished and were broken in few days. This seller announce the articul like new and they aren't. the screen of all the 2 cellphones were broken without a crash, fall or punch. this bought was a intire fail.

How to Check a BB Usage on OS6Go to "Options - Status" ... then type "BUYR" ...Additional information will appear as follows:Data Usage: 0 kbVoice Usage: 0 minShould all the numbers from 0It could have some minutes of voice usage if the seller tested the phone

no levantava 3 g el equipo era usado y me lo vendieron como nuevo era como reconstruido no le compra mas

This is an older style blackberry now, but it is still my favorite phone. I use my phone for business and not entertainment so I don't need all of the bells and whistles for movies etc., but it gives me what I need.

BlackBerry BOLD 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)Producto recibido en Miami a entera satisfacci&oacute;n. El producto es nuevo, tal como ofrecen. Viene con sus accesorios e incluye una tarjera MicroSD de 2 Gb. Lleg&oacute; en la fecha estipulda sin ninguna novedad. _Excelente servicio, tanto del proveedor del prducto como del trasnporte. Este modelo trabaja perfectamente con Digitel en Venezuela y las dem&aacute;s operadoras GSM.

excelente producto muy bueno, lo recomiendo y ademas esta desbloqueado, muy buena resolucion en cuanto a los pixeles, es ligero y muy versatil, lo recomiendo, esta a un muy buen precio...

works good under tmobile and worth every penny. the battery even new after 5 years sitting in a box lasts a long time. I am glad to have my bold back in 2014

I was very happy to find a great deal on this blackberry... though sadly disappointed that after it arrived and I traveled halfway around the world with my new phone did I realize that there is a fault with the screen and it distorts at the slightest touch... of either the sides of the phone or the screen itself. But I am not in a position to mail it back so will have to just try and get it fixed over here. Otherwise then that it is a great phone.

I switched to this Blackberry as it isn't the slide open version (I used the 9810).  The keyboard of their slide open models is recessed too much to make typing easy for us "health guys".  This unit is easier to use even though the screen is smaller.  Great quality, excellent customer service, speedy responses and shipping. And item was exactly as described.  Just a thought but it may be helpful to indicate that the Blackberry was international or domestic.  In this case it was from UK and it shows on my company's Blackberry server as connecting to a Blackberry server in UK before coming here to the US.  Just a suggestion.

i type buyr in teh device options and i get a huge surprise it was really annoying considering that i live in other country and i cant return the cell becuase it will cost me more than it shoulddata usage exeededvoice usage 7:16:42:50

the cell also very good very reliable and helpful article in excellent condition and perfect in all its accessories, and parts

These people swindled me the phone was used and sold him again I had the use siguinete USE OF DATA: Exceeded 1048576k USE OF VOICE: 3:14:47:09. When I actually buy a new phone a phone used with new housing. Are swindlers.These people swindled me the phone was used and sold him again I had the use siguinete USE OF DATA: Exceeded 1048576k USE OF VOICE: 3:14:47:09. When I actually buy a new phone a phone used with new housing. Are swindlers.These people swindled me the phone was used and sold him again I had the use siguinete USE OF DATA: Exceeded 1048576k USE OF VOICE: 3:14:47:09. When I actually buy a new phone a phone used with new housing. Are swindlers.

oye este telefono es ecelente es liviano es peque&ntilde;o es muy bueno para mi trabajo poreso me ciento muy bien con este telefono

The Blackberry 9780 is a phone with all its performance capabilities, unlocked as you wanted and very resitente, to this day what I have in use.

Very nice and good product from blackberry!! I received the item in very good condition and it's very fantastic in performance.

unfortunately, the cell is damaged, I am in Venezuela and I can not do anything about it. It has black spots on the screen and the battery lasts only 3 hours charging and turns off suddenly. I'm disappointed with the purchase.

Quisiera que algunos de los compradores de ete telefono me diga si la pagina es segura para hacer la compra y si el telefono viene nuevo. Tambien si es GSM y es compatible con la banda850/1900 muchas gracias

I bought this phone! And definitly it is what I was expecting! Except for one thing: it's a T-mobile phone. The picture of this product doesn't correspond with the real phone. I dont care about this kind of things! What metter to me is if the phone works! And Voil&agrave;! it works perfectly! The 3G, bbm! the only problem is it didn't come with the memory card!

que mala experiencia con esta compra, telefono en mal estado.... espero paguen sus estafas, estoy totalmente desepcionado.... choros dios quera valla presos

the September 26, 2012, buy this product, which came to me in December 2012, this phone only has 6 months of use and it was damaged, this is a scam, would appreciate that you take action on the matter

La compra del bold 9780 fue exitosa, EL TELEFONO ES BUENO y todos los tramites de la compra fueron rapidos. estoy contento con mi nuevo telefono, lo recomiendo.

Phone stopped working after 2 weeks it was sold as a new product when it was refurbished I don't recommend Blackberry anymore.

Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.Very Good this product,Excelente aqui en venezuela funciona a la perfeccion en todss sus bandas.

Amazingly, this phone is in a state 9 of 10. Almost new, so that everyone thinks is new, just need the manual to say that originally came from. It is one of the best transactions I've done. thanks

sold me a bad phone beyond repair when the description said it was operating full mind was deceived ok ok

El articulo llego a tiempo tal cual indico el vendedor. recomendado 100%.. comprare otros articulos a este vendedor.. saludos desde Venezuela

i ordered an unlocked blackberry bold 0780. the cover kept slipping off and got lost within a ay. also, it wasnt unlocked. i had a bad exporience with him.

Excellent cell phone, everything was new, but it only works with 3G 900, 1700 and 2100 MHz, that is to say 3G Bands 1,4,8....

This phone comes unlocked and ready to use once you insert your SIM card, I bought the one sold by AMAZON because its warranty and return policy is well worth a few more $$$, it works well in 3G with MOVISTAR Venezuela. Good product , good service from AMAZON.

Ya hace 1 a&ntilde;o de mi compra mi celular aun lo tengo excelente producto con sus accesorios y todo bien

the item was sold as new, and it has a lot of air time and data, shame on you to be selling cell as new

el equipo llego malo y no servia, perdi el cel completo y no tenia arreglo, no lo compren no es recomendable

THE LAST JANUARE ILEVEN 2012 BUYED ONE BLACKBERRY 9780 WHIT PRICE 337,99 USD ON BLUTEKUSA, CONDITION: NEW, YESTERDAY JANUARE TWENTY ONE 21  RECEIVED THE PRODUCT AND IT DONT WAS NEW, IT IS USED DID NOT BRING YOUR ORIGINAL COMPONENTS AS THE WHITE BOX NOT BLACBERRY, WITHOUT MEMORY CARD , WITHOUT LEATHER CASE, AND THE FINAL PRODUCT IS USED BLACBERRY AND MY INVOICE SHOW ONE NEW BLACBERRY.  I NEED THAT YOU ANSWER ME THIS FRAUD  AND I NEED MY NEW BLACBERRY AS I PAYED. MI MAIL TPRATOC@GMAIL.COM.I WILL HOLD YOUR SOON ANSWER!Final Details for OrderOrder Placed: January 10, 2012Order Total: $337.99

I wanted a replacement blackberry for my Curve 9300 (I just find BB's easier to use since I type a lot). Though an improvement over the Curve 9300, this instrument has a number of drawbacks:1) Battery cover doesn't fit snugly - the vendor/seller told me this is a complaint they get from many buyers2) Earphones that came with the phone are horrible - tinny sound quality with limited bass effect3) Trackpad/button is too sensitive (despite trying to adjust the sensitivity)4) If I use the case that came with the phone, I've had several occasions where the ring profile was switched to vibrate/mute from loud etc. - it happens when the phone is put in the case - poor ergonomics5) Very limited storage/memory capacity on the phone - this is obviously a generic blackberry issue across models (I think)Sound quality, browsing speed and keyboard are better than my previous BB (the Curve 9300).

FEATURES----------------------------(Note: I have only written about the features I use frequently.)You most likely have a series of friends who have acquired an iPhone, and you simply cannot stand your friends, holding the iPhone and it's beloved features at such a high pedestal. It seems as if, the iPhone is the greatest phone ever, and nothing can ever compare to its simplicity, and vast array of features. When in fact, the iPhone 4, and the Blackberry Bold 9780 have practically the same features. Despite the front camera, the iOS, Retina Display, capacitative touch screen, and ability to be held portrait or landscape, their features are quite similar. The general truth about consumers and their Apple smartphones is "People use smartphones to do dumb things." The Geico Insurance commercial that publicized this quote, spoke the truth. The major difference between the iPhone 4 and the Blackberry Bold 9780, is that operating the Blackberry requires a sufficient level of intelligence, and or patience.When I acquired the device 7 months ago, I discovered the similarities within the iPhone and this particular item.The similarities within the iPhone 4 and the Blackberry Bold 9780 are the following:-The iPhone 4, vowed by Apple Engineers as the most innovative iPhone yet, has a 5 megapixel camera with HD recording and flash as well.-Both devices can acquire applications, the iPhone through the App Store, and the Blackberry Bold 9780 through the Blackberry App World. Unfortunately, at the moment, the Blackberry App World, has less innovative applications. Both the iPhone and the Blackberry have MP3, and MP4 playback capabilities.-Like the iPhone, the Blackberry Bold 9780, can be highly productive, but a Blackberry is not as fun to operate. In productivity, all Blackberry devices amplify the reach of businesses with applications similar to the iPhone.-In shopping, for the iPhone you may or may not have seen the commercial where you can scan a barcode of a product and compare prices, but what I discovered through curiosity, is that the Blackberry Bold 9780, embodies the same capability through an application called Scope (available through the Blackberry App World for free).The Blackberry Bold 9780 is also able to: (in parenthesis are the names of the applications available)-check the weather around the world through a variety of applications (Weatherbug or Poynt or Weather.com),-block phone calls (Mr. Number),-be tracked down for free if lost or stolen then have the location sent to the local police department (offered by Blackberry Protect),-download music (Amazon MP3 Store),-listen to the radio stations across the country online (iHeart Radio),-share files and documents from your computers or devices (Dropbox),-watch and upload YouTube videos,-create and or export Microsoft Word Documents ($14.99),-be synchronized and back up your data to your computer (Blackberry Desktop Software),-view attachments on e-mails,-synchronize Facebook friends to your contact lists,-provide Global Positioning Services for free (Blackberry Maps),-bank online (Wells Fargo Mobile, TD Bank, Bank of America Mobile, etc.),-edit photos (Photo Editor),-provide names to random phone numbers that call your phone even if they are not in your contacts (Mr. Number),-conduct conference calls,-plan a vacation, trip, or book a flight or hotel (Blackberry Travel),-catch up with the latest news headlines,-stay current on the latest sports news (Sports Illustrated),-make a list of reminders or a to do list (Tasks),-translate phrases spoken in different languages to English or other languages (iSpeech),-send messages with emoticons,-chat with friends on Facebook (Free Chat for Facebook),-complete crosswords by the NY Times (The New York Times Crosswords),-keep a record of your finances, (Pageonce - Money and Bills),-check the viewer ratings and show-times for movies playing in theaters (Flixter),-find the definition of words and provide other suggestions (Dictionary.com App),-change the font style and sizes to ease messages etc. with additional options for Bold, Extra-Bold, or Italic,-check inbox, write e-mails from up to 10 e-mail addresses,-shop online (Ebay),-convert worldwide currencies (Oanda Currency Converter),-check traffic conditions on highways (Blackberry Traffic),-back up contacts and messages over the air,-receive and send files through Bluetooth technology,-store and encrypt passwords (Password Keeper),-update Facebook status (Facebook),-post tweets (Twitter),-synchronize data through wi-fi,-read ebooks downloaded onto your Amazon Kindle (Amazon Kindle App),-play BrickBreaker,-communicate with other Blackberry users across the globe (BlackBerry Messenger),-switch through Applications,-can disconnect from your wireless network and make VoIp calls using your mobile number if connected to a wi-fi network..................... and the list keeps goingOverall, the iPhone 4 and the Blackberry Bold 9780, embody similar features. Unfortunately, the product description provided by Amazon, does not do the device justice. Just look at the product profile pages for Apple products, it looks like nothing else can compare, but the problem is, not even the manufacturers of these other smartphones and consumer electronics with the exception of Apple seem to believe in their product or advertise its features proficiently.DESIGN AND QUALITY-------------------When it comes to the design and quality of the product, I admire it's elegance. A Blackberry from my perspective accompanies the most elegant and classy designs. Take the leather Blackberry Door for example. I find it that the only thing that compares to its design, is the iPhone. The Droids are huge, and so are the HTC Androids. I really think that having a phone with a 4-inch screen is too huge. Then the other androids look extremely cheap. And Samsung, is suspicious because according to a recent lawsuit Apple filed, they copied the features and feel of their products.With the Blackberry 6 Software, the phone already looks sharp, but if you don't like it for some reason, you can buy themes that have even better graphics. You can also find free themes, that's what I did after I got tired of the design.When it comes to quality, I really like how the Blackberry has added grip to it, I've only dropped it a few times, and nothing has ever happened. Overall, it's extremely sturdy, and I really like the battery life of the device.

I brought this phone from Light Box and the phone was brand new and I loved everything about the phone except for the fact that it was not able to run on 3G speeds. All the time I used it was only getting 2G speeds. Wanted to keep the phone but the AT&T; technical support people were not able to help me with any technical issues as this model was not supported by them. I had to return this phone and buy an unlocked 9900 (on Rogers network as it uses the same 3G frequency as AT&T;).I gave this 5 stars as the phone is great and the customer support of Light Box did an amazing job to get my refund back. They were very quick and prompt with the emails and constantly updating  what was going on with the refund process. Good Job guys.

Excellent. I highly recommend this product. Very easy to use and handle, fast connection to wifi and all social networks

Phone is great i would recommend. No scratch i got charger, phone case car charger i need another one for my friend but all gone:(

After waiting for all the paperwork finally get my phone, everything seemed to be well sealed box, looks good, when I opened the box turned out that the battery was scratched, but works perfectly should not be scratched because it was within the additional cash to this we place the battery and when I put the cover is not closed not if they change the cover for another phone or is damaged, unfortunately I'm reading the comments after receiving the product is a lesson never to return to buy something without reading, I think the seller has several problems so preferably choose another product with better references.

El Celular llego en buen estado, con todo sus accesorios que se indicaba en la pagina, el tiempo me parecio bien 16 dias, pense que iva a tardar mas

This product arrived  in 3 weeks after my purchased.  I had to return because I was in my country when it wasreceived in Houston.

HI PALS, I DO THIS FOR YOUR OWN PEACE,FREE ADVICE AFTER MY CALVARY. I ORDERED FROM "CELL LOUNGE" A 9780 CELL PHONE ON JULY 3 / 2012, THE ITEM ARRIVED ON JULY 23 AFTER I REQUEST A CLAIM FROM AMAZON.COM, THE SAME DAY OF THIS PURCHASE (JULY 3 / 2012) I SENT THE SELLER, "CELL LOUNGE", AN EMAIL WITH THE SPECIFIC BANDS AND MHZ OF THE PHONE THAT WORKS FOR ME, THE ARRIVED PHONE IS A 1700/2100 MHZ FORM T-MOBILE, NO HANDS FREE SET, NO MICRO SD CARD, NO SOFTWARE CD AND NO PROTECTOR CASE, THESE ITEMS ARE THE STANDARD PACK FOR THIS BLACKBERRY MODEL, SO PLEASE BE AWARE FROM CELL LOUNGE DONT LET THEM STEAL YOUR MONEY, REMENBER THIS IS NOT A $50 PHONE. DONT BUY "CELL LOUNGE"

hello! I'm from Venezuela, I will complete the sale and I need to send me a team with AT & T version, because in my country I can only use it in this version please!

3G Would not work with T Moble carrier. You can 2G but we were expecting 3G.We returned the 2 phones and had to by new 9900 phones.

the blackberry came as said and I am very satisfied with it...the packaging was great and i cannot complain, it also arrived on time...

compre el 9780 hace como un mes y me parece un telefono muy completo rapido y con muchas funciones, lo compre directamente con amazon y todo salio excelente el envio fue rapido el celular vino completo con todos sus accesorios y en perfecto estado... muy satisfecho con mi compra

I was disappointed with the phone . It would not read the memory cardit kept telling you to insert the card although it was already in place .I therefore had to return it .The supplier - H&P; Electronics was very professional and cooperative in dealingwith the matter

I did not know how to return this product. I live in Venezuela and if I returned this product, the cost being more expensive than I expected. The band does not work correctly in Venezuela.BlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)

buy this product as "new" and two weeks of use, the battery did not load, it takes technical sevice and had bad cell phone connection to the charger. I asked if he had previously been in service ... to which I said no because it was "new" and the technician told me what I feel cheated because this phone was opened and was rebuilt

Dear seller, please I want to buy a cell phone but I need to know which model you sell equipment or RCM72UW - RCN72UW the reason for my question is because some cellular 3G does not work in Venezuela as the data band UMTS / HSDPA plus GPRS / EDGE capabilities 3G RCN72UW by model 1, 4, 8, 2100, 1700, 900 or RCM72UW 3G 1, 2, 5 and 6. Searching the Internet I found that this means it works with 3G bands 2100/1900/850/800please help to increase its sales as I have previously purchased thank you very much hope prompt response

I bought it for my father and he really liked. It works very well. Is freed for use with any line of our country.

I purchased these phones as new. Or so I thought. They are not new, they are refurbished. The email settings button does not work. Very poor quality.

The cell is reconstructed by or has been used also is t-mobile is not suitable for Movistar Venezuela ... when the product described so! 1900 2100 bands lie ... amazon disappoint me with this purchase!

i only received my phone only this morning in box not openedtrying putting on the phone coming on with plenty of lines on the screen the shutting downi am very much disappointed, i was feeling great and excited to great my new phone and now it not working.something has to be done fast because i used my phone to received my emails and other stuffplease let me know what will be doneit's important

I bought this blackberry and it looked like it was refurbished the key is sticking... espeically space key.. u have to press it twice to work. I am not happy with the product. Wish it was doing it properly to be a good product.

EL TELEFONO VINO CON DOS FALLAS: LA PRIMERA ES QUE NO LEVANTA 3G, s&oacute;lo EDGE, ESO NO ME IMPORTA TANTO COMO LA SEGUNDA FALLA: EL TELEFONO SE APAGA SIN PREVIO AVISO, SIN PONERSE LA LUZ AMARILLA NI NADA, Y FALTANDOLE EL 50% SE APAGA Y CUANDO LO ENCHUFO AL CARGADOR, PRENDE CON UNA BATERIA EN MEDIO DE LA PANTALLA Y CUANDO ENCIENDE APARACE LA PILA EN ROJO TOTALMENTE AGOTADA, EN REALIDAD NO TENGO IDEA QUE FALLA TRAJO ESTE TELEFONO.

Good dayDear AmazonI inform you that as Slavic simon, who is my broker the blackberry has failed to address, is there a way that you validate that information?.As Simon has only reached shirts and razor.We welcome your comments,attentivelyJesus Garcia

el telefono bold 9780 es muy completo se lo recomiendo tiene muchas funciones las fotos y los videos se ven muy bueno me encanta mucho este telefono demaciado bello

It was very bad quality product, the screen was broke with a simple fall down. The sound is not good, sometimes it doesnt work.

I never received the product due to unknown cost accumulated at the end of the purhase. These cost was not made clear to me at the beginning of the purchase. The seller ignored the courier company and all the emails they send to them. The attitude i got from the Seller is not very nice, and they are not very reasonable. i will not order from this seller again.

Ordered it here in the States and brought it with me back to the Philippines for my Mother.After I selected the network (SMART) everything worked fine.No problems so far after 3 months with the Blackberry.

Buenos D&iacute;as,El presente es para informarles que el paquete del Celular Blackberry aun no ha llegado al destino donde debio haber llegado, mientras ustedes estan diciendo que dicho paquete ya fue entregado necesito pruebas si la persona que deb&iacute;a recibir el paquete lo hizo, quiero que me mande quien fue la persona que lo recibio.Por favor necesito informacion sobre la entrega lo mas pronto posible.

When I finally decided to use the phone was too late because it never turned on!!! When I went to a technical he told me the screen was damaged!!!

excelente producto, lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones a Venezuela.excelente producto, lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones a Venezuela. excelente producto, lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones a Venezuela.

It's not a new phone. It is connecetd to somebody's AT&T account! Not working with AT&T sim card. Lots of problems with the phone. DonT BUT IT

The Blackberry does not meet the specifications given by the supplier, which makes one suspect that's not really the model 9780, for example, it is not screen touch, whithout  earphones, whithout USB cable, whithout standard wall charger with multiple international adapters and ordered black instead of white.

The BB phone to buy on Amazon is wrong: it is not recognized by the computer to charge information and not read the memory card. A real disappointment with the purchase!

Good option! Excellent Conditions. It works really good, I love the camera.I received it in a timely fashion. Fair price and really good quality. It was a good deal

like the phone however it was defected.The item lit up and then it would not turn on again. I went and take it to a tech who said the mother board is defected. The phone looks good but it was defected. I tried calling the seller but was unable to reach. I went on vacation and bought the phone for that purpose.

I I bought this phone for a gift (for my cousing), great functions, great image, it's a executive phone!  works with 3G.

lo compre como nuevo y me llego usado, el teclado no era lo que esperaba porque lo compre como nuevo

SaludosEl telefono que recientemente compre presenta graves problemas en la bateria, el tiempo que dura encendido es muy poco.RegardsRecently bought the phone that has serious problems with the battery, the length of time on is very little.

El Telefono nunca llego al destino y lo peor es que trans-spress solo se hace responsable por $119.43 es decir que perdi mi dinero, les agradeciria mucho si pudieran ayudarme

this a nice phone......recommend it for all, i like the phone but have some little issues about the phone but trust me it wort the price okay.

I AM DISSATISFIED WITH THE PURCHASE BECAUSE THE WINE EQUIPMENT WITH FLASH Imperfections in the camera, and I had to send to repairs where we realized that the phone was RECONTRUIDO AND IT WAS NOT ME AS NEW SOLD, SO MANIFEST DISCONTENT WITH PURCH

This phone will not work on T-Mobile's 3G network for me.  I believe that T-Mobile blocks non-TMO phones from their 3G system. Nor could I get UMA to work as well.  Other than that there is no problems with the phone, just no T-Mobile 3G.

I like the phone but I had the predecessor and it had GPS, this model does not that I can see.

I could not use this item, the device was still locked to another operator, yet it was claimed to be new in the confirmation of the purchase.

Excelente, tal cual lo publicado y en perfectas condiciones, muy buen producto, sin ninguna queja al respecto!!! Buen vendedor... Bien

it did not work well from the begining and the response from the seller is useless.Dear SirI had written to you earlier from INDIA over 3 months ago stating the problems I am having. Strangely you have not addressed my questions, the most important being whether what was sold to me was a new product as advertised. Instead of addressing questions clearly raised, you have chosen to side track and not respond to questions asked. This kind off attitude will certainly reflect very badly on a trusted site such as amazon. As stated earlier this phone did not work properly from the begining. Also one expect a minimum 1 year or atlest 6 month warranty on new products purchased from a trusted site like amazon.To state &#34;The return period for this device has expired&#34; without reason/explaining the return policy in the first place is very un-proffesional to say the least. Most dis-satisfied with the response received.

sorry, i want to know if the smarthphone is compatible for south america, im from ecuador.  and i dont know if t mobile or at&t; is compatible here. la cellphone company is claro.thz.

FUE BUENA COMPRA Y EN UN BUEN TIEMPO DE DESPACHO, EL ARTICULO PRACTICAMENTE NUEVO Y BUEN FUNCIONAMIENTO RECOMIENDO A AMIGOS

Excellent product ! with excellent price. I recommend this product.  I feel completely satisfied.  i will get others again in the near future.  Thank you for this service with Amazon.

Bad Experience, again I bought a blackberry phone and comes with problems, the phone is damaged and does not work any key, unfortunately this is the third time something happens to me, I paid shipping to Venezuela about $ 100 and now I have send it back, pay the shipping and re-pay the return shipping cost. who is responsible for these failures are very common with these brands that come unlocked?? the truth I am very disappointed by all these problem.

After all I heard about this phone, I could see myself buy this phone.But when one of my friend showed it to me and i tested it with my proper hands, I felt in love with it.Im buying it now!

many problems with the phone: (only hard good as 6 months after presenting problems in the software and then had problems with the motherboard and had to be replaced

I want to know if this works with Bands 2/5, 3G in AT&T and if it works correctly with my carrier in Mexico (Telcel). I just lost my 9700 to bugs and seriously cannon live without my BB. But before I proceed to checkout I NEED to know if it's gonna work. No T Mobile, I want the AT&T version.

El producto es de excelente calidad, totalmente nuevo. Lo &uacute;nico es que en la publicaci&oacute;n deber&iacute;an indicar que el tel&eacute;fono proviene de T-Mobile, para que uno tenga la posibilidad de escojer si lo compra o no, dado las dificultades que presentan los telefonos T-Mobile desbloqueados a la hora de conectarse a la se&ntilde;al 3G de algunas compa&ntilde;&iacute;as telef&oacute;nicas de algunos pa&iacute;ses. Del resto, funciona de maravilla.

BlackBerry Bold 9780 worked fine for me! I just inserted sim card Voila! In my case, i did not have any trouble with this particular item working with my carrier DIGITEL /Vzla.- Once i had all my backup & registration in place I had my 3G... WOW. fOR digitel CUSTOMERS i fully recommend this item.Pero gracias al MALDITO CHAVEZ NO PUDE COMPRAR MI BB 9900...CH. TE FALTA POCO !

Came on time and works on my network.  Shows videos with good quality and the browser is also very good. Had my concerns about paying for a new phone and getting a used one but must say that i got what i payed for.

I requested this product be sent to my girlfriend's home as a birthday present... This was my sole purpose for buying it. I live in USA, and my girlfriend lives in Kenya... For now !It was my girlfriend's birthday. Rather then sending this product to her home, it was sent to my billing address. This company took 10 days to actually ship my product, and it took an extra 10 days to reach my home. They totally ruined my plans to send my girlfriend a gift by her birthday..I would not recommend my worst enemy buy anything from this company... They will not obey your wishes concerning where you want your product to be delivered. They will do what they wish and totally disregard your wishes as a customer. I also do not believe their blackberry's are real

BlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)Upon opening the box, this blackberry bold 9780 which was fullfilled by amazon and sold on behalf of abe-123 did not seem new although it was advertised as such!1.The protective screens over the phone did not seem factory applied as they were wrinkled and not positioned correctly.2.The accessories that were placed in the box did not come in the usual blackberry packaging either. They were simply thrown into some bags3.The battery that came with the phone was also unusuable, as it was split open.4.Even the label on the side of the box when compared to another blackberry box seemed as if it was simply scanned, edited and pasted on.Overall i'm EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in this purcahse which i thought was going to be a new unused untouched phone. A return for a refund is in the works, although the inconvenience with the FALSE advertising and crushed hopes of recieving a phone ready to use is most upsetting.I would have probably just used the phone because i needed i one had it not been for the unusable battery, but i refuse to buy one when one should have been provided with my "new" phoneSincerely,Thoroughly Disappointed

The service by Amazon was great, delivered on time and great customer service. The phone is great, however I have some problems with the 3G network, still don't know if it's related to the phone or to the network and service provider.

ped&iacute; un tel&eacute;fono nuevo y me enviaron uno reconstruido. la pantalla tiene muy poca iluminaci&oacute;n y el cargador est&aacute; malo no funciona. que poca seriedad la del vendedor.

This was, without a doubt, one of the worst purchases I have ever made. I understand that I bought a used phone, but it was described as being in "good" condition. If good condition means a battery that won't charge properly (has never fully charged, and it actually loses power when plugged in at times), a time setting that changes at random (my alarm was set for 7:30 am, so I could get some sleep before my final exam. The phone changed time zones and I was woken up at 3:30 am.), the apps I downloaded suddenly disappear, the casing was falling off, the plug that was sent along with the phone to recharge it has cable exposed. and the phone shuts off at random, often.What is worst, is that the seller is completely unprofessional and unhelpful. I have written SO MANY e-mails to this person asking for them to help resolve the problem- all the replies I have gotten have been late and really unhelpful. The seller wouldn't even write his name after he replied. Although the phone itself is clearly messed up, he asked me to send it back so I could get the replacement I asked for. This was really fishy, so I asked him to please send a replacement battery instead, as I didn't trust the situation. I never got the battery. The situation had already been dragging on for weeks, and I hardly heard back from him, so I wrote a negative review. He asked me to take this off of Amazon, and promised to send a replacement. I agreed. Did I ever get the phone? No. And I don't expect I will.Don't waste your time and money with this company. If you are going to make an investment in a product like this, at least make sure you are dealing with more reliable people who actually care about customer satisfaction.

I am quite satisfied with the product..The only thing that I didn't like is that I had to wait a little too long to get it....

I feel cheated, the first thing that happen is that my daughter could only use the phone on handsfree when we took it to a repair shop the guy replaced the part for $40 buck.  He showed us the amount of rust in the phone and told us it was not new now the track pad is not working, we took it to another repair shop and they changed it, still not working, they told us it is a problem with the underlying board which might be faulty.  Isn't there some law against false adversting.  I would like a refund or something.  Amazon I will be contacting you shortly

sorry, the phone was a little scratch on the screen. I thought q was used. the phone is new and is operational

I ordered this phone a few months ago only to realise that after shipping it to my country from the United States, I started to experience technical problems with the phone. Only to discover that when I carried it to repair, it was a Blackberry 9700 phone. I dont live in the US, so i had the disadvantage of not being able to ship it to the company..This is really unfortunate.

buenas tardes senores estoy totalmente decesionado por la compra ya que el telefono llego todo rallado sin CARGADO sin dispocitivo de MANOSLIBRE si viviera en USA los demandara por hacer una oferta ENGANOSA eso no fue lo que yo compre esta total mente rallado y se que es USADO pero en ningun momento me lo notificaron de las ralla duras como vendedor tienen 100 punto pero NEGATIVOgood afternoon gentlemen I totally decesionado by buying since the phone came loaded without any crumbs without dispocitivo of MANOSLIBRE if I lived in the USA sued for misleading bidding that was not what I buy this total mind that is grated and used but at no time notified me of grated hard as seller have 100 point but negative

Muy bueno el equipo, solo he tenido problemas con el 3G. En lo dem&aacute;s todo me parece adecuado y con buen funcionamiento. Lo recomiendo comprar.

Its no iPhone4 but it does everything it needs to and the touchpad upgrade from the trackball is great.  The keypad is also superior to a touchscreen.  The battery life and bootup times are both horrible, but manageable.

This phone is really kool. I haven't experienced any difficulties with this blackberry, it was a great step up from the 8520

The phone was advertised as brand new when i bought it in early January 2011. To my surprise, I switched it on to find a thread of love text messages from some guy back in Oct 2010 which obviously means it had been used. The phone does look brand new and currently works without any problems. It better stay that way considering how much $$$$ is splashed out for the device!!!!So after about one month, the key pad especially the BB button started malfunctioning. I tried to return the phone unfortunately, becos i moved to Africa shortly after the purchase, US customs made it difficult to return to seller. So i decided to cut my losses and buy a new key pad which i did. It worked better although for the BB button, it was still faulty. I then realized it was a problem not of the key pad, but in the underlying board.So i've had to live and struggle with the phone until yesterday when the screen went crazy. Now i cant see anything on the screen. I'm going to have to buy a new one.......Lesson learned. This time, i'll buy directly from Blackberry or a national carrier

Leyendo los feedback de otros compradores, varios venezolanos note que a casi ninguno le llego en T-Mobile, lo compre para usarlo en Movistar, el equipo es excelente el unico inconveniente es no poder usar el 3G del mismo con mi linea actual, deberia de haber una opcion para escoger en que bandas se usara si en 2100 mhz (3G de movistar) o en 900 mhz (3G de Digitel). Por lo demas cumple con mis expectativas.

Received in perfect condition. Accessories looked original. Works for network in Singapore. Not too sure if the earphones are original or not though, but everything else has blackberry logo on them. Good

the phone had two keyboards loosed I repair them  and then I sold the phone to one neighbor who is happy with his first smart phone

To find this publication at Amazon thought: Finally got my new phone and its features read say it was everything I expected. The phone was announced as new when I bought it in early January 2012. To my surprise, and when the box came to me the first thing I've found is that the box is not original Blackberry. Without the usual accessories, handsfree or 2Gb memory nor the original manual in the box came the phone that apparently looks back with your battery and the back cover and the wall charger. Currently works without a problem and besides having the necessary 3G band for my telephone operator as requested. I strongly recommend to read carefully all the information and descriptions posted by the seller in the Amazon product page so you can be sure of what you buy. I discourage shopping online as in telephone coversacion exprece my desire for a new mobile phone, not refurbished. Instead I had to make my purchase directly from Blackberry or a local supplier.

Was sold as usable with all the 3G bands, but only allows for Bands 1, 2, 4 and 7. Make sure the carrier uses these bands, otherwise will run at only 2G speeds (that is, very slow!)

Funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n, la c&aacute;mara tiene gran calidad para ser la de un BlackBerry, es r&aacute;pido, no se me ha trancado, y ning&uacute;n otro problema. Fue comprado directamente ha amazon como vendedor. Funciona muy bien con Digitel(Venezuela), solo coloque el chip le coloque el plan BlackBerry y todo bien sin tener que configurar IP y MMS y otras cosas, Solo mi correo, agregar PIN y MSN y cosas asi.Espero lo disfruten, Saludos.

poor sound quality, thinking of selling it and upgrading with a hands-on, face to face dealer, where I can test the merchandise FIRST

Buenas.  El tel&eacute;fono no trajo el cargador, ni la cubierta posterior d&oacute;nde est&aacute; ubicada la Pila no cierra bien. Agradezco emitir comentarios al respecto

Buy this product to give it to my sister, seeing loved it tells me it's very practical is much better than the previous version I had, I used and liked. The shipping was fast and secure .. I recommend that remains now is to give it time to see how he behaves .. thank you very much

quisiera saber  si este telefono funciona bien en ecuador, en las 3 operadoras que hay,  gracias por su comentarios.

Producto en Buen estado me encanta lo recomiendo totalmente funcional y desbloqueado la carcasa a pesar de estar usada luce casi nueva.

I bought this phone with the risk it would not work on my country.I live in Costa Rica; basically for GSM the band our provider uses is 1800 and for G3 is 850.When the phone arrived, I went immediately to one of my provider's offices to have the Blackberry services enabled. Everything works perfectly.Yes, to be able to configure your mail, twitter, facebook, blackberry messenger, and all the rest of the services the phone has, you need to enable the blackberry services with your provider (yes, you need to pay).I am not too informed about band systems for phones but since it worked here, I would assume it works with GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz and HDSPA (3G) 2100MHz/1900MHz/850MHz.I read on the reviews this was the T-Mobile version. However, not sure if the person who posted that was confused with this one http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004DESF3I/ref=s9_simh_gw_p107_d0_i1?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf;_rd_s=center-2&pf;_rd_r=1YJQ1JV4KQGZ0B3NR4DR&pf;_rd_t=101&pf;_rd_p=470938631&pf;_rd_i=507846 but as of my experience, this IS NOT the T-Mobile one.Hope this information helps.Regards.

Finally I got my new device and I can tell that it was all that I was expecting. I bought it from Amazon.com store (not another seller) and when the box arrived the first thing that I checked was the model number and it is RCM72UW, which works with 3G bands 850/1900/2100, so this is AT&T, Rogers, Telus model...not T-Mobile model, so this is good news for me 'cause I use Movistar-Venezuela service. Well, to be honest I can not assure that Amazon.com will always be sending this particular model because they don't make any difference about the 3G compatibility and believe me 'cause I expend a lot of mails to customers service and they couldn't give me this detailed info.

Enviaron bateria equivocada, tengo q hacer mas gastos de lo acordado al adquirir bateria del equipo y tiempo de enviop tardido

I bought this phone for a gif to my niece abroad to US. I didn't have time to try because I had to send it the same day that I received. My niece was so excited but then when she received the battery and the charge didn't work. So my Family had to buy a new one.

this is my first time buy a cellphone online.before buying my BB9780, I emailed the seller and make sure it works well with t-mobile 3G. I also asked them whether it will be well functioning in other places like japan and hongkong. The seller replied me very soon and guaranteed the phone is no problem with 3G and other countries. After everything was set, I placed my order.So far, the phone is perfect for me.but, only one question, why there is a T-mobile logo tag at the bottom? this suppose to be an "unlocked" cellphone.

I live in the Caribbean, so I bought this phone and had it shipped to my Mom in the US . Now using the phone and I can hear a noise in the phone each time I use it, even when not using it and I put it to my ear I can still hear this sound. I thought I was being paranoid so had some friends to listen as well and they all agreed. I am in tears, and have to look for someone now to fix it after spending all that money, my heart is hurting. I also found music on the phone as well which means that it is not new as you said. You people are very wicked, selling faulty devices, will never order from you again and I make sure that I tell my family, friends  facebook, twitter, users etc not to also. You guys are EVIL

I am a Venezuelan customer? I would like to know if this Blackberry Bold 9780 unlocked 3G will properly work for Movistar in Venezuela? If someone knows the answer I would be very pleased to read it.

Para la fecha 14/12/2011, realice la compra de un telefono celular BlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black, cuando llego el env&iacute;o, solo recibi la caja sin el telefono, le envie una nota al proveedor y no tuve respuesta en ningun momento, para analizar la situaci&oacute;n del caso. Considero en lo particular que deben ser responsables con los clientes. La empresa que transport&oacute; el equipo solo se responsabiliz&oacute; por el costo arancelario de aduana que fueron 30$ y el equipo costo 381,89 $. ustedes me diran que calificaci&oacute;n le puedo dar..BlackBerry Bold 9780 Unlocked Cell Phone with Full QWERTY Keyboard, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, 3G, Music/Video Playback, Bluetooth v2.1, and GPS (Black)

Que tal amigos, tambien compre este cel y fue una total decepci&ograve;n en la foto 1001 recien aparece ese logo de tmobile asi que compre enga&ntilde;ado y ese telfono aun lo tengo y fue una mala compra, ademas que la bateria me llego da&ntilde;ada. Ni mas.

I not satisfied with my product because the phone has some issues, like the microphone and the keyboard doesn't work very well.

El telefono lo pedi para Ecuador no me ha dado problema hasta el momento esta todo bien me gusta mucho... :-)

I bought the phone to replace the same model phone that was stolen so I am familiar with the phone and its features but was a little apprehensive about buying it online. However I was extremely pleased when I received the phone, put in my sim card and it worked perfectly. The phone looks new and it truly was unlocked.

This cell phone turned off automatically when I was installing it, after that, the red light flashes for a while. Then, it has been dead.I searched internet and found a lot of 9780 buyer faced this problem. So I contacted the address the seller promised to give support.When I contact the customer service, They replied two days after I emailed them and the content of their reply was Blackberry's phone numberC nothing else.Then I called blackberry and it didn't worker,they told me to go to the seller. I went to T-Mobile and they told me this is not their responsibility even if there is a T-Mobile logo on the phone.Once again I wrote to the seller, describing my situation, and guess what, Surprise!!!Blackberry's phone number!!again!!!Now I can't text my friend and family because I give my old phone to one of my friends when I get the 9780. I totally disappointed about this whole thing and will never ever by things from this seller again. They sucks!!

I speak english a little, this product lose like used the battery and case battery, and the usb cable bag is rong and the box and manual dosen't original. I both and page for a new product and received a used product. I'm not in EEUU that reasons why I don't back this product

the cellphone are great and works fine but the only bad thing is: not come with the microsd card, this is is sad for me

Greetings, I am interested in purchasing this mobile device (Blackberry Bold 9780) but I have a very big concern and I hope I can help resolve it. This particular model is the operator AT & T,  T-Mobile or is OEM-RIM and I want to know if it works in the band 3G UMTS / HSDPA 2100 / 1900 / 850 / 800 and that is the frequency in which they work operators in Venezuela, thanks for your help.
