
it is an outstanding phone ..... really i love it and it is more than i expect... really smart phone ... it's color like sky ...easy ,clear and sweeti

E7 is a great phone. I just bought it last week. I bought this phone because of its design and physical keyboard. I can purchase an Android phone but I can't find any phone with physical keyboard. Motorola Droid 2 is ok but it does not get many positive feedback.Pros- Beautiful design- Good physical keyboard. I've never got familiar with virtual keyboard. With the physical one, I don't need to look at the keyboard when typing.- AMOLED screen- The most interesting thing is that you can connect mouse and keyboard with E7. I have a Razer mouse and keyboard for gaming connected with E7 via USB to go and it work great.- E7 will get the update of symbian anna and belle...soon, hopefully. Sym Belle will be published in December; however, US users may be the last ones receive the update. Until now, I have not received update of anna yet while users in other countries already got it. But I'm sure that E7 will update to Anna and Belle.- Another interesting thing to do with E7 and Symbian 3 OS is hack phone.Cons- Sometime the phone just got freeze. It's really annoyed if you use many apps at the same time. Don't play game and open another app at the same time, the phone will absolutely be unresponsive.- Notice: US users will not get the update of symbian anna yet. If you really want to get symbian anna, you can search youtube for detailed instruction. I'll wait for the official one.- Ovi Store is not cool at all. There are not many apps to play with. I have to find other apps and HD games in other symbian forums.

I bought this product from the US supplier and the description said: &#34; Nokia E7-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Easy E-mail Setup, GPS Navigation, 8 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Blue)&#34;.After many problems with this device, Finally NOKIA US told me: &#34; In response to your e-mail about your Nokia E7, we would like to inform you that upon checking on your system you device appears to be no longer in warranty. We have verified that the IMEI number 354864048743000 was not designed for the US market and it appears to be out of warranty in the Philippines. Please note that we do not have the capability to repair devices that were not designed for the US market.&#34;As you could see, It is a total Fraud.

I bought my Nokia E7 2 months months ago, and right now the phone doesn't work at all, the keyboard is damaged, have no sound, the microphone sound terrible, the phone turn off alone, the telephone freezes....  I just know I never going to buy another Nokia phone, that's for sure!!! And it supposed to be the best phone they have right now.

I'm not a cell phone fanatic who needs up-to-the-minute gadgets, I'm a business man and decided to upgrade in order to get a large QWERTY keyboard and large touch screen. Smaller/thinner/lighter have never been desirable issues for me, I have big hands and fingers and have always had problems with other smart phones and my eyesight is not what it used to be. For me, the ideal phone is one that I can see without glasses and that has a large enough keyboard that my fingers will only land on one key at a time. This is the one.I was a bit nervous about the OS because Nokia is going to abandon it in the future, making me think there might be some problem with it that I would hate. Not true. I'm delighted with the OS and hope they keep it.I've never cared about a bunch of apps on a phone, I want the core functions to excell. I got the latter, but also found that there are some apps that I do use, to my surprise. The phone makes it so intuitive that I don't think twice about going to them.When I was researching phones, I found the Nokia web site to be less than satisfactory. I had trouble trying to identify which of their phones would be best for me. The problem is simply that there is so much accompanying "buzz" around every phone that it's hard to get a clear impression.Beyond the core functions of the phone, I find that the mapping and GPS functions excel. The maps are clearer and better resolution than the programs I run on my PC. (I even use the GPS when I go fishing.)The camera is fine - it serves its purpose. If I suspect I'm going to need pictures of something, I bring my Nikon with me. I've used the phone camera a number of times and am well satisfied. It's useful to have the phone camera to quickly document something.I chose this phone in order to get a rock-solid product that would serve as a business tool, not as a gadget to play games on. In my mind, this phone is the only one on the market that blends high quality core functions with ease-of-use and dependability on a platform that seems exactly what I asked for. It's not only easy to set up and use, it enhances my communicating.

Included memory ( 350 MB on-board memory ) is unsufficient by smartphone standards, so it is low on memory.There's little memory available to save pictures or videos.350 MB.It is heavy, 176 grams, almost 7 oz.680 MHz ARM 11 processor with just 256 MB of RAM falls short of expectations especially compared to its rivals.1200mAh battery will not last long given the phone's 4 inch screen.Operating system is still Symbian 3, even with the update 'Belle' it is not a sufficient proposition.Weak processor can not handle Belle.Anodized aluminum coating is easily scratched and dented, leaving a nasty looking case.It is made in China.Despite all these cons, if you want to buy this phone it is available (with a free Bluetooth handset as a gift) at a much reduced price at new egg.

I have always been a fan of Nokia Phones, they simply rock. Great features and amazing signal reception yes I can get signal on my Nokia N95 US edition even from 2 floors deep in basement parking. The issue is not with the phone but with Nokia's corporate decisions, in last four years my N95 had only 2 firmware updates and would have greatly apreciated more and better updates with great applications, OVI store never worked since the recent update in 2009.Lastly the phones are great but Nokia customer service sucks and now that Nokia is teaming up with Microsoft it is obvious Nokia would roll out windows mobile phones and steer clear from Symbian and when that happens how often would E7 get updates and support? I failed to ask these questions in 2007 when I shelled $600 on my N95 but partially felt bad about not getting many cool applications that other newer Nokias, Androids were getting.So just think before buying.

I purchased this Nokia E7-00 in July of this year.  A month after, I started having problems with it freezing and the screen going black.  I sent it in for repair -- only to find out that my limited warranty does not cover damage from "excessively moist air" or water.  I did not damage my phone with water.  I guess the damage was caused by all the excessive rain occurring in the East Coast.  Nokia phones are expensive, and I could have purchased quite a number of remarkable phones with better features, applications, software, etc., etc., for a lot less $$$ -- but yet I was loyal to Nokia.  Needless to say, Nokia is not repairing or replacing my phone -- and hence, I will never purchase another Nokia phone or product in this lifetime.

this is a best phne the nokia.. ( wiht permison the nokia n8 of course).. is complete.. good cam, nice teclado, big and beautiful scrend.. and beautifull desing.. i reconmed this item..

I bought this phone for one reason only Nokia's legendary battery life, the android based brick i have now has a battery life of all of 5 minutes,I used own a Nokia e71 about 2 years ago and that was the kind of phenomenal performance was what i was hoping for, instead the E7 turned out to have a superb screen and some truly high end features such as hdmi connectivity and the ability to play most video formats. The music output is also pretty top notch, but sadly the jittery software makes the phone useless, i wont go into details and to be honest android is not super smooth either but Symbian is just plain awful. Coming back to the start of the story and battery the life, i finally decided that the slight advantage it had in battery life was not enough for me to stomach the jittery software. This phone is going back today. Guess i will have to live with my trusty Nokia e51 as my back up phone until WinNokia phones come along but even with windows i am not holding out much hope in terms of battery life.

Really good phone, and very good price, just need the little extra protection that Otterbox gives, and its the perfect business phonee,way better than a average Blackberry. Love this phone.

I like the look of this phone and it functions well enough in terms of calling and texting (though it doesn't automatically capitalize "i"s or add apostrophes to words like "doesnt"), but the internet is so incredibly slow that I never end up using it. I used to have a Samsung Gravity Smart and the internet, under the same provider, was so much faster. I can't even use this phone to look up directions when I'm lost. In short, I like it enough to keep it, but I kind of wish I had stuck with droid/Samsung.

I received my Nokia without a charger , Besides several trials to contact Amazon no replies , the Nokia is very good with two down sides very heavy and the visor is very easy to scratch

estoy super feliz con mi nokia e7, el tiempo de entrega fue el acordado y el producto lleg&oacute; con todos sus accesorios, funcionando al 100%.

HAVE HAD IT I THINK FOR TWO YEARS NOW. tHE ONLY PROBLEM IM HAVE IS WITH THE CHARGING PORT. I have to put the charger somehow inclined or under pressure in order to charge it. Its the best phone i have ever had. Just bought lummia 920.

After using it for about 12 hours, decide to return it back to Amazon.com,the major reason is the poor software quality.Here are the problems I found with my E7:1. Sometimes the touch screen not responsive and get frozen2. It takes forever to do a software upgrade and installation3. WEB browsing is horriable.4. GPS gave weird route5. Not very stable WiFi connection.Considering the price I paid($600+), what E7 delivered are much less than I expected.Feel sorry for Nokia, they are getting lost in terms of software, just far behind Apple.No more Symbian for me, waiting for ther release of first Nokia+WP7.

It is very &#34;moody&#34; and crashes a lot. There are also very few apps for it (relative to Android and IPhone). I would opt for either a Nexus 4 (great phone but without a physical keyboard) or the Samsung Epic 4G (heavier but with a keyboard). I really don't see the advantage of getting a Nokia at this point.

Love the QWERTY keyboard. Smooth operation easy to use with a lot of games to down load. At a reasonable price for a unlocked phone.

El tel&eacute;fono tiene una poderosa c&aacute;mara de alta resoluci&oacute;n que toma muy buenas fotos y graba videos muy buenos tambi&eacute;n. Punto.Como tel&eacute;fono no sirve, Symbian como sistema operativo se qued&oacute; en el tiempo. Se cuelga permanentemente, es necesario resetearlo, es lento, etc, etc. Soy o era fiel usuario de Nokia por su robustez y calidad de equipos pero juro no volver a comprar un tel&eacute;fono Nokia hasta que no cuenten con el sistema operativo acorde con el nivel existente hoy en d&iacute;a en smartphones. Muy malo, no lo recomiendo en lo absoluto.

For Value and features this phone can't be beat.  With the Belle update it's solid and capable...if a little slow at times. There is not better keyboard.

ok, maybe the screen doesn't move right under your finger like iphone 'magic' BUT these are the reasons I stick with symbian:Pros:free side-loadable(meaning no net connection necessary to use) voice guided navigation and on a nice screen like this really is just as good as any dedicated gps unit out there.again side-loadable content, you can just plug in USB and drag your music, pictures, videos onto this phone and they are there, eat your heart out Itunes.user accessible filesystem, i.e. you can download stuff from the web, pdfs, whatever, make folders, just like you can on a normal PC.out of the box support for viewing and editing and saving locally office documentsout of the box pdf readerintegrated SIP client that works over 3gthe nokia internet radio app, yes, been using it for years, love it. freeintegrated webdav client (remote drives)integrated syncml supportintegrated support for just about every bluetooth feature there is.very awesome GSM support for frequencies and standards, I like delivery reports on sms and even read reports on mmsbattery life is really good compared to android and iOS(depending on your use of course)the graphics processor unit is a beast.uhhh, USB OTG. I was with a friend on vacation, hooked my e7 to his nikon d90 with only a 1GB card via USB and copied all the pictures/videos from his card so he could keep shooting. Yeah, that was cool.unlocked, yes you people with the 2 year plan are actually being raped, fools. Try a taste of freedom.How to beat the Cons:use opera browserwait for Anna update with Qt/webkit browser

i just got my e7 today its a great phone. nokia is known for its hardware strenght. the only thing i dont like about this phone that it doesnt have a slot for a sd card other than that great phone.

They repaired my Nokia E7 even that it was my fault. : ) This smartphone could be perfect with a better speaker and more support from apps developers. 9 of 10

The cellphone Works good but the screen has a small issue, I can't see all the im&aacute;genes. I don't like this issue

I am very dissapointed.  I received the cell phone, and a few weeks later it stopped working.  It doesn't charge, battery is working but cell phone doesn't charge.  A month later return window closed, and two months later cell phone stopped working, Amazon doesn't let me even to send an email with my issue, I don't have any option, do I have to lose my $585 bucks, plus the shipping cost.

el unico inconveniente es cuando llega al pais , pienso q deberian tratar eso a fondo con las empresas de encomienda en este caso liberty exprex , que si van a prestar un servicio con uds, que eso sea mas eficaz gracias.

lo compre por que me convencio a 599$ ahora bajo 3 dias despues y de paso el telefono se resetea a cada rato NOKIA no tiene garantia mundial!!!!

To start, I am a hugh Nokia fan, from the 9300, to N95, to N900, to the E7. The Nokia E7 has some good hardware but the current software presents some issues. After I got my phone it offered me an update for my software and phone would not download the update. I tried downloading it through Ovi suites and over the net and it would not work. I contacted Nokia, and they told me to contact my phone carrier (who would have no clue how to help me). It eventually downloaded after putting my phone in offline mode and connecting it to the computer. The phone has at times just restarted for no apparent reason, and at other times, it has just locked up. The battery life is not that great. If you use the phone from the start of the day until the evening, you can hope to have 30 percent battery life.Symbian Anna should be coming soon and I hope this takes care of most of the issues but Nokia has constantly come to the table with incomplete offerings. The N900 was a great product that Nokia did not fully back nor did they use some the great break throughs to include in there other N series offers.Some of the plus sides are the Email application, the social networking is pretty good, Ovi maps has approved. The camera works pretty good, the HD video is really good, have USB to go works well, and the HDMI out is pretty nice to have.I give this a 7 out of 10, but I will likely keep it for the next few years as long is the updates help stablize the OS.

This phone is excellent I do not have more words. Maybe Nokia is getting better...no more words can be told...try with Nokia I can not say anymore.

I have enjoyed most of the functionalities in this phone apart from the camera which seems under par in terms of picture quality. Other than this, it is not a bad phone by all standards!

I GOT MY E7 4 WEEKS BEFORE I M USING IT! I LOVE THIS GADGET THIS THENokia E7-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Easy E-mail Setup, GPS Navigation, 8 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)EXCELLENT PHONE EVER I USE! IT HAS VERY NICE CAMEREA WITH AUTO FOCUS, NICE SOUND QUALITY,HD VIDEOS AND PREETY GOOD HARDWARE TOO. I CAN SAY ITS BETTER THAN ANY IPHONE4G OR HTC OR SONYS PHONE THIS ONE IS BEST GADGET IN MARKET NOW ! ITZ HAVE LOTS OF NEW FEATURES WHICH OTHERS NOKIA GADGETS NO HAVE IT! LIKE HD GAMING,OVI MAPS HYBIRD,AUDIO MESSAGE AND AMOLED SCREEN &MUCH; MORE! I LOVE THIS PHONE & ITS HAS VERY GOOD BUILT QUALITY & BEST GADGET IN NOKIA DEVICE!

Very nice and useful I was very happy with the phone and today when I was watching a video it stopped and froze, so I turned it off and when I turned in again it showed me a message and it said failure contact seller. After two weeks of use!!! I'm confused because I have always used nokia and I trust in these phones and lot and they have lasted me a lot so only two weeks I'm freak out. Now sending it back asking for refund and loosing money!

Well I loved the phone while it was working... I bought in the US and brought home (Brazil). I could use for 30 days, and now the phone is locked in the NOKIA Screen and wont work!! I am a bit terrified cause Brazilian Nokia Support may not help me to solve this problem or charge me like the price of a new one!! (REALLY hope I am wrong and they will help us customres) :( I hope I can post what will happen cause I am contacting the support now.I also sent an email to Amazon hoping they can help me out or also will try with Nokia in the US....I will rate 1 star for this case but usually for all Nokia celphones I use 5 stars!! Hope I can change to 5 in a bit! :)Lets see :(

Most people say Nokia operating system(OS)is out dated. I like Nokia because of the quailty. I like everything about this phone. The battery life is great. I am able to save my projects for work with no problem. The call quailty is wonderful. With this phone I can do more than my friends and co-workers can with their phones. The Nokia E7 allows me to customize it the way I want to. The Nokia E7 comes with all the simple things you need in a cellphone but you can opt to customized it to fit your needs. I don't spend hours uninstalling apps I don't need. The only cons I have with this phone is that it does not allow external memory, it has 16GB internal memory built in. If it was 32GB this phone would have been the perfect device in my opinion. Nokia needs to start releasing smartphones on cdma networks and I would be completely sold on Nokia.

>>> Below Is an UPDATE as of October 20, 2012Symbian Belle update (not received Symbian Belle Refresh update yet).Belle update from Q1 of 2012 has changed a lot of things on this phone, so i'll start over.  (I still have the phone)>>>>>> AN IMMEDIATE STOP TO CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF THIS PHONE is Nokia's non existent support to addressing the bug that makes SMS messaging completely unreliable (see Bads section)Good:- Screen can be used in direct sunlight- Physical keyboard is excellent.  Tactile feed back is better than blackberry or T-Mobile G2.- Off-line maps.  Usefull when you don't want to use online maps when roaming (data roaming charges are expensive).  Better than Google maps because it provides "recalculation" of directions if you go off course.- Penta band 3G, It'll work in any GSM or 3G carrier (will not work on CDMA)- Ring profiles.  Very detailed preset profiles for volume/ring/vib/etc settings can be easily switched between.  Android (T-Mobile G2) does not have this level of customization or ability to switch between profiles.- Notification ring tone can be set to a an mp3 (Android, or at least G2 can't do this)- Sound quality from mic is very good, just make sure you aren't let down by a half-duplex voice carrier like Wind Mobile.- Front facing camera... but see cons side...- Reception is good, but not the top 10%.- Plays most video formats i've tried.  Can't play MKV and some AVI files.- now able to EASILY turn WIFI, Bluetooth etc on and off easily via the pull down status window blind.- design and build, it has a sturdy & premium feel when you look at it and hold it in your hand.- works with perfectly with LG bluetooth headset HBS-700, Plantronics Voyager Pro, Plantronics Voyager Pro+Bads:- Nokia's SMS system will sometimes not send msgs and leave them in the "Outbox" and not attempt to resend.  This happens with about half or two thirds of my SMS's.  When the "Outbox" SMS's are manually selected to re-send the recipient will get it, but on rare occasions it will be received twice.- I would not say Symbian Belle is 'clunky', but Android offers a more intuitive user interface & experience.  Try activating bluetooth or any other phone related function during a phone call... it's extremely hard if not impossible because the phone's screen pauses and stops during calls.  Also, The dialing buttons are VERY small (vertically), yet at least 1/3 of the same screen is unused!!!  Seriously, what's up with that screen Nokia!?!?!? Many more examples like this!- App market is very limited.  Prior to purchase i didn't think it would be an issue, but after using a T-Mobile G2 it is a major issue.  For instance, there are no banking applications for Symbian.  The Tunein radio app is not available & the free Nokia Internet Radio app is horrible.- Offline maps: can't get transit info/next bus times from maps.... but you can install google's online maps for that...- Nokia's support: Nokia has done NOTHING to solve several major bugs, one of which is well known since at least 2010 (see next few examples)- Nokia's program to sync MS Outlook's calendar with the phone pushes some re-occurring appointments one day forward.  (embarrassing to say happy birthday to business colleagues on the wrong day, one day earlier).  this bug is known since at least 2010.- when listening internet radio, the audio will skip/pause when you scroll the screen, rotate the screen or start to anything else.- Battery life is quite poor.  I must charge at least once a day.  With full charge, listening to internet radio through stereo bluetooth lasts about 2 hours at most.  Talk time from full charge is about 3.5 to 4 hrs using bluetooth.  T-Mobile G2 battery lasts significantly longer, for instance internet radio through bluetooth lasts 4-5 hours.- GPS is not as accurate or fast as other phones (not confusing with Assisted-GPS).  It takes several minutes (sometimes never) to obtain a GPS location fix.- the front facing camera is poor quality, even for VGA.  Other than Fring, and MS Lync, no programs are available to use the front camera for chat.  However, who uses Fring?... and MS Lync is only for internal corporate clients who have a MS Lync server.  Skype video chat is not available.- My carrier (Wind Mobile) does not "support" (disabled) the built in video calling.- the rear 8mp camera is also of very poor quality.  5mp phone cameras are superior.  Photos closer than six to ten feet are almost always out of focus (either totally blury, or background is in focus but not the subject in foreground is not in focus).  Photos of a paper with any size writing are an embarassment.  Photos further than six to ten feet are sometimes blurry, but always do not have sufficient detail.  All this is because the phone uses a software based focusing system.- not able/safe to use phone as wifi hotspot. Joiku spot app for $15 can turn phone into wifi hotspot, but it only uses the cracked we encryption protocol.Summary: DO NOT BUY.  Despite an excellent build quality, keyboard & a good screen that can be seen in direct sunlight, I would not get this product again.  The drawbacks of the user interface & experience in general, plus Nokia's non existent support substantially outweigh the benefits of this phone.

The phone is all I expected except for the language: the manual an warranty came in polish and the pre-configured language is also polish. When I fisrt tuned it on, it gave me the option to configure it in several eastern Europe languages and english. I called the manufacturer and was informed that this phone is the eastern Europe version, as I suspected, and has no US warranty as advertised. Aside of this, everything works ok.

Combined touch screen and full slide-out keyboard...Nokia has put elegance into this form factorThe slide-out keyboard is quite comfortable. I can also touch the screen to get the cursor where I want, no need to tap the scroll keys or reach for a mouse.Push mail is now more convenient than ever (use multiple email accounts, choose Ovi Messaging, Yahoo, Gmail, Hotmail, Mail for Exchange, Lotus Note Traveller, IMAP or POP).Maps works even when you are not connected to any network (just pre-load maps of the geographic areas you need).Camera gives excellent quality 8MP pictures and HD video. The lack of auto focus simply means I can't take close-ups of documents or displays.MS Office documents can be created and edited (.doc, .xls and .ppt) while waiting at airport terminals and on airplanes.Now I don't need to carry my laptop around for meetings and presentations.Just an HDMI cable to connect to LCD TVs or projectors.E7 can connect to external HDD...I have not yet been able to get it to work with my HDDs, but that may be due to my HDD partitioning scheme and filesystems.Nokia looks to be at a crossroads of the mobile mindshare.If Nokia wants to improve the User Experience or UX...they should seriously take a look at the MOAP UX used on Japanese Symbian smartphones.In 2007, a long time ago in mobile mindspace, these Japanese phones with MOAP UX wrapped around the Symbian OS, had rich media, DVB-TV and push email.The Nokia E7 shows that Symbian can still beat any phone OS available today with features like:- Networking- Multitasking- Efficient CPU and Memory Usage- Longer Battery Life- Multiple form factors (touch screen, QWERTY keyboard, T9 keyboard, or any combination)There's a lot of BS going on about Symbian being 10 yrs old technology.Technically, most "modern" mobile operating systems are repackaged with graphical interfaces wrapped around "old" operating systems.Very few companies can claim to come up with a "new technology" mobile phone operating system...a lot of the "innovation" is the user interface.Under the hood, Symbian is a solid tried and tested truly mobile phone OS kernel.If Symbian is 10 yrs old then...- Android is even older (with the 20 yr old Linux kernel)- Apple iPhone iOS is 25 yrs old (iOS contains the Unix Mach/BSD kernel)- WP7 is 15 yrs old (WP7 contains the Windows CE kernel)Besides putting in great graphics, animations and eye candy for the GUI...Nokia certainly need to take better care with doing a "task analysis" of the user interaction on each phone model (since Nokia have an abundance of phone models that are most likely designed, built and shipped by different groups within the company).This should help bring about consistency with the key press and screen taps for the same operation on different phone models.

i am a loyal nokia user,have been using nokia for 12 years. even everyone around me uses iphone, i still use nokia.i purchased this e7 to replace my old phone.i am from china and live in U.S for a short time. when i received the phone, i found this phone doesn't have chinese language setting. it's understandable nokia did this way so they can better regulate their channels.but that's really old school given to today's dynamics and competition.Iphone has so many langauges at customer's disposal and all need to do is to add.i was really disappointed and have to return this phone.i still use my old nokia but i will seriously consider switching to iphone.NOKIA NEEDS TO WAKE UP!

Do you know who makes those phones?Seriously. Are they eating well? are they reproducing? I like to feel I know about tecnology but phones are getting better and better and tecnology is growing even faster thatn my own imagination. Bravo!! Nokia, apple, htc.Now lets get serious.This is a very nice business phone. Full keyboard makes chatting-texting a complete dream and if I need toIt is slightly bigger than the Nokia N8 and heavier. but it feels very solid and it gives the impression you have a high quality phone on your hands.It comes with symbian, an operating system that I have always concidered it for advanced users. Not an user friendly interface, but very functional if you know how to use a smart phone, you like symbian. If you need something for dummies. Get an iphone or an android based operating system.I loved the phone, but for that price I will highly encourage you to get a Nokia N8 instead.Camera works great, GPS is quite accurate and something I got admit. It is not as buggy as the Nokia N8. I have used it for 3 weeks and it works fast. I havent got a single frozen screen so far.Multitasking is outstanding.

I'm writing this review from the perspective of someone who's had a Nokia epiphany with the E71 (some time ago) and a somewhat muted (at least, at first) yet ever-growing blast with the E72.Essentially, the jump from a non-touch ~2" screen to a truly gorgeous 4" AMOLED touch screen (and the wonderful freedom it allows for Symbian to finally let loose) is just short of life-changing, and thus, if you're making the leap into the touch screen arena for the first time, you can expect to be just as -- if not more -- blown away as I am now. For those of you who've been playing with touch screens for ages now, even I can admit (and, so far, a good number of iPhone and various Android users, too) that this screen's size and brilliance is definitely at or near the top.One more thing before I cover a few, select details: I had heard that Nokia's earlier ventures into the touch screen market didn't quite measure up to the fast, responsive, and flowy moves of iOS (e.g. N97, X6). This was a major worry, because I just couldn't imagine anything worse than being stuck with a physical button-less screen that jolted and froze as I poked around the Symbian interface. However, due to the difficulty in finding independent retailers that had any of the newest models of touch screen Nokias available for demos, I took a very cautious step out, bought the E7, and was most pleasantly surprised! It's a breeze, and even after the wonder of the screen's beauty wares off, the sensitivity, responsiveness, and class (yes, it's classy) will continue to make you ponder how Nokia's E7 could possibly still even have one of the best mobile keyboards ever built!! It's overwhelming...Now, time to be short and sweet and name just a few ups and downs:- The fact that Nokia managed to squeeze the keyboard and screen into a mobile device whose hardware (as usual) is impeccable and truly some of the best Nokia's ever put together (which is saying something, trust me), and whose form factor is as fresh, slim, and eye-catching as a concept phone that's come out 6 months too early, is just unheard of in today's somewhat mundane mobile marketplace. And plus, the whole brick-like "communicator" style seemed to be out, but now Nokia has given it more than enough new and improved life to make the E7 also an incredibly unique piece. Tired of having to come up with new tricks and apps (what is that one.. Swype?) to type on a virtual, touch keyboard...and dealing with an unfortunately steep learning curve (which many times doesn't have a top)? Well, why don't I just pop up my screen to this curiously comfortable 30 degree angle and type on a real keyboard! How refreshing...- As always, phone's tend to seem they could use a bit more power. And, like any phone, I wouldn't complain if there was just a little more kick here as well. It's fast, but you'll notice just the tiniest inkling of lag when you're installing new programs (and, ofcourse, new software updates and whatnot, as mentioned by another reviewer here). I have to admit -- being used to Symbian -- I have become patient and understanding when my phones have seemed to freeze for a second or two when introducing new software to them, but it's not the end of the world.- Now that Nokia's officially jumping ship (or "platform"....) to Microsoft's mobile OS, one would (reasonably) assume that Symbian's essentially dead in the water. This idea went through my head for a second, but I've put it behind me. First of all, I think Nokia's done a really good job with Symbian^3, and considering that I've only come onboard a few months after the E7's release, there've been a good handful of serious software updates, and I have had nearly zero problems at all with the OS thus far (with only a minor problem installing some updates to Ovi maps and the Symbian search: they'd download, but would continue to fail in installation...but nothing a restart of the phone couldn't fix ... which tends to be an easy and simple fix for most things when it comes to Symbian). Therefore, I have a good feeling that this switch to Microsoft's WP7 will not be much of a problem at all (considering the following Nokia has in the Symbian world), at least, not as much as what it will probably bring to the OviStore (which is also debatable). **UPDATE: Symbian "Anna" will be available for the E7, sometime soon (as of April '11)**- Also about Symbian: for those of you who know the OS, I think Symbian^3 on the E7 will be a lot of fun; although I'm definitely used to the ins and outs (however, I'm surely not a pro), I still had to do a little internet research for the usual hidden tips and tricks, and some basic how-to. Those who know Symbian will know what I'm talking about. Symbian isn't about dumbing things down so that everything is as clear as day (and simultaneously taking the customization and uniqueness to the chopping block). There is no one place for all your phone's preferences, for instance. So if you can't find how to change something, don't give up. It's part of the fun and once you figure it out, it'll slowly all make sense, and a wonderful map of a world known as Symbian^3 will slowly form into a coherent, simple, straight-forward and truly logical OS.I'm still discovering plenty on the E7, and I'm still doing double takes at it's distinctive elegance, refinement, and true artistry, as it sits on my table with it's slightly tilted, thin, brilliant face looking up at me over a streamlined keyboard and award-worthy body. If you have yet to jump into the world of Nokia, this is the top of the top and one hell of a place to dive in. For those of you who have anything at the level of an E72 and below (essentially anything but the N8, C7, and, perhaps, the C6), this is definitely a worthwhile upgrade.I'll be back with some pointers!

I have been a Nokia fan for many years, not anymore. Ever since Microsoft bought the company, things have never been the same.The operational system freezes all the time. I searched for technical support and was advised to upgrade to the latest operational system, Symbian Belle. It was a time consuming process to upgrade the operational system and a  big disappointment, the operational system is still crashing and the phone freezes. I have to turn it off and on again and the whole thing happens again a few minutes later. The hardware is wonderful, but the operational system is a total crap, no wonder Nokia is losing market share.I bought this phone for my mother in law in November/2013 because she cannot get used to touch screen keyboard. I do not live in the U.S. so I could not return it before March/2014. The vendor (On The Go Solutions) refused to accept my return saying that there is only a 30 days period for returning orders and now I have to deal directly with Nokia, which was a big surprise to me and here goes a warning to other potential customers, do not buy from this seller.Another warning: Nokia does not have an email for customer support, they make their customers enter in a support forum which is a total waste of time in my opinion. I am a very unhappy customer who just wants to return this piece of crap and never buy Nokia products anymore, who should I complain to?

Although the hardware on the phone is brilliant, the software really kills it. I've used other mobile platforms, having owned an iPod Touch 4g, an Android 2.2 phone, and a Windows Phone 7 phone... so if you are considering to switch from one of these platforms you're better off just giving some homeless guy on the street your $400. Don't get me wrong, Symbian is definitely nicer than dumbphones can be- it's just not as flashy or easy to use as other mobile platforms. Personally I'd save my money for when Nokia puts out their WP7 line of phones in the first quarter next year.To be specific:Negatives--The "multi-tasking" works but lags when you have more than 2-3 apps open. So if you want to listen to music and browse the web expect your song to chop up every time you load a page.-Learning the OS takes forever to figure out how to do remedial tasks. I found myself Googling just about everything I wanted to do.-Lack of decent games and APPS IN GENERAL.-No real widget functionality.Positives--Nokia Beta Labs has some really nice test apps and changes you can apply.-With some major configuring you can sync contacts and photos with Google if you had Android in the past.-Symbian Anna release might fix a few of the negatives I had.-Only paying $10/mo for unlimited 3g data because AT&T; doesn't consider it a smartphone.

I have an iphone 4, a Dell Venue Pro with Windows Phone 7. I love this phone, next I will get the N9.

Context: I use my phone heavily for voice, contacts, e-mail, calendar, Web browsing, navigation, Office documents, and PDFs, roughly in that order. I do not use Facebook, Twitter, or generic text messaging. My contacts and calendar come from Outlook, and it's vital that all the detail kept by Outlook for calendar and contacts items be shown on my phone. I strongly want a physical keyboard, but also like a big touch screen. I travel a lot, both nationally and internationally, and am often in rural or other non-major-city areas.Given all that, I've been A VERY happy user of an HTC Tilt 2 (still avaialble used from Amazon atHTC Tilt 2 Touch Pro Unlocked Smartphone with 3.0 MP Camera, 3G, Quad-band GSM/GRPS, WiFi, QWERTY Keyboard, MicroSD Slot) operating on AT&T; Wireless. This operates on all the GSM and nearly all the 3G frequencies used around the world, has a big, sharp, responsive touch screen which slide across and tilts up when I want to use the phone's excellent keyboard. It looks nice and has good battery life. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi work reliably and solidly.The operating system is my favorite of all I've tried, the late and as-yet-unequaled Windows Mobile 6.5. This provides the best-yet-seen compatibility for Outlook and Office, along with compact, efficient, and (in many cases) nicely customizable UIs for the apps (good enough that I turned off the HTC Sense UI that came with the phone), a decent range of commercially available third-party apps, and a generally clean, rational method of operation for those who don't need violent graphics and boredom relievers. My one major customization was to install Opera Mini, an excellent browser which WM was willing to recognize as my default browser.Unfortunately, my Tilt 2 has become a bit creaky, occasionally dropping voice calls after a few minutes even when signal is good. It is also not as plain old gorgeous or as slim as the Nokia E7, which is what I decided to try after finding so few current phones with large slide-out physical keyboards and no other business-oriented GSM phone with a tilting screen.Despite really wanting one in dark grey (available in the rest of the world but not with a US warranty), I bought a new silver E7-00 from Amazon (who delivered it promptly as always) and proceeded to try it. Startup was easy; I simply took the SIM card out of the Tilt 2, put it into the E7, and had connectivity as soon as the E7 started. Syncing contacts and calendar items from Outlook was easy. After trying both, I found Nokia's PC Suite much preferable for my needs (I don't need the entertain-the-kids aspect of Ovi Suite and don't want my info stored on Nokia's server, but I do need regular automatic sync when the phone is connected to my desktop via USB) and quickly had all my many contacts and calendar items on the E7.Except I didn't quite, to a degree that has become unacceptable. The Symbian^3 contacts app does not recognize all (and misinterprets some of) the phone number fields of an Outlook contact. Also, if you use the "Extension" field in an Outlook contact, Symbian^3 concatenates the extension onto the phone number, resulting in something AT&T;'s network can't understand at all. Worse, the Symbian^3 contacts app simply can't cope with a long "note" in an Outlook contact. After losing much of some valuable long notes in some of my key Outlook contact items and finding no way to scroll through a long note in a contact on the E7, I realized I just couldn't use the E7 as a mirror of my Outlook info. The Symbian^3 calendar app similarly does not properly or safely handle Outlook calendar items.There are more disappointments. Ovi Maps looks great on the phone, works fairly well, and is to be commended for storing the maps on the phone, greatly reducing data consumption during a trip, but keeps losing GPS signal in places where the Tilt 2 never had trouble, and thus is very busy and noisy frequently recalculating the route. QuickOffice is OK, but nowhere near as compatible with MS Office as is the version thereof on WM 6.5. The E7 freezes every day or two, often by showing a frozen and diagonally smeared version of the last screen that operated. It also hangs up and becomes unresponsive to input for several seconds at a time now and then (with few if any open apps).It's possible the new Symbian Anna release might address some of this, but Anna is not yet forthcoming in the US.All this makes me sad indeed, because I've gotten quite fond of the look and feel of the E7 hardware and of the moderately customizable home screens. If I could work around the problems listed above, I'd happily keep the phone even though the Nokia-MS deal may very well supplant it by sometime next year. However, at least for me, the E7 is at best a prototype, with very rough software, of a phone I'd like to own when they finish it.

Nokia's smartphone, with a slide-out QWERTY keyboard (NOT a touchscreen type) is a real winner -- it has all of the features of a smartphone as well as the capacity for you to easily type things on an actual keyboard.

my best was the N95, i got few other, but is good to be back to Nokia and im lovinit the E7...

El telefono celular E7, en mis manos actualmente, es una maravilla. Cumple con todas mis expectativas y se que lo hara con cada uno de los que quieran comprarlo, no se van a decepcionar.Espero q les guste y les sea util.

Os Is worst... I prefer windows 7 phone instead...... Ofcorce I phone and android are best among all but this is not even as good as windows phone... Do not buy

Estoy fascinado con todas las funciones de este aparato es muy rapido y tiene un aspecto increible aunque tengo que admitir que es muy pesado para lo que esperaba

Not perfect but the many improvements from the n97 makes this phone so much fun to use and enjoy.- First: The Amoled screen is simply gorgeous and such a pleasure to look at. This alone nearly makes up for all Nokia's tripups over the years.- Second: All the symbian 'incompleteness' are nearly completely gone. More options, more speed, nearly 100% accurate sleep, side switching action, auto dimming, auto rotating, auto wifi / 3g etc connecting, and so many great improvements definitely makes this My Android killer.- Third, but absolutely awesome: BATTERY life! Not as good as n97, but easily 2 to 3 times any android! Kills the competition.- Forth: so many things to add. Have to add later.Did you know symbian os lets you sms your calendar events to other people? Works awesome for business employees using any symbian! My business depends on this feature.To NOKIA's CEO Stephan Elop: you are an idiot for dumping symbian. Do you really believe there is any other comparable os for a phone? And then Microsoft windows anything - is so idiotic...Did I mention the amOLED  screen is to die for?

This product looks good and solid. I always like nokia product. The maps application is amazing. Too bad, the operating system will not be renewed by Nokia, even though it is slower than windows operating system.

Does alot but unfortunately nokia will not support this operating system anymore now that they have gone to the dark side

This cellphone it's very awesome...I feel very happy with that buy...I upgraded to Symbian Belle as recommended by the Nokia Suite and has greater potential still...Highly recommended ...Congratulations!!!

In the descriptions you can see "8 megapixel camera with AUTOFOCUS". According to Nokia there is no autofocus in the camera.

FUNCIONA PERFECTAMENTE CON LA RED 3.5G DE DIGITEL EN VENEZUELA... este es el mejor nokia que he comprado... es arrechismo... es como una laptop en la palma de tu mano... recomiendo mucho este telefono... es perfecto... ademas lee pendrive... tengo el Facebook el Twitter y otras redes sociales... desde la tienda Ovi puedo descargar muchos programas mejores que los App de BlackBerry... como se dice en mi pais... Nokia es Nokia...

prosexceptional quality, you feel it when you hold itaccidentally dropped on a hard floor (didn't have any protection) nothing happened, no scratches no broken screendifferent (everyone has android or iphone, if you want to stand out from the crowd this is for you)qwerty keyboard is awesomeconsdropped calls or other party can't hear me sometimes... (i was using the same carrier, didn't have these problems with my old phone)battery life was awesome first week (lasted a week), had to charge daily after thatpriceapps (love iphone for apps but hate touchscreen)

As a user of the N8 for some time I have become frustrated with its small screen; 3.5 inches just does not cut it anymore for a high priced touchscreen device. So I bit the bullet and ordered the E7.  Let me tell you up front it is a very attractive design with a stunning screen viewable outside even with the brightness set on low;  many times i have been astounded by the wonderful visibility of its Clear Black  AMOLED Display and the 4 inch screen makes a big difference for me in comfort and usability.I do not want to waste time rehashing info clearly described in other reviews so lets get to the meat of the situation:1 -If you take any type of up close / macro shots on a regular basis you will be terribly disappointed. The camera is just not good for that type of imagery.  All other photography is great in most well lit situations even with out great lighting you can get decent shots.2 - The Wifi is quite finicky on these phones so you maybe reconnecting a bit (OK, a lot!).  I thought it was just my unit but it seems many users are having this issue.  It's not bad enough for me to not want to use the phone but it might be for you.Nokia really screwed the pooch on this magnificent phone; just adding a 5mp auto focus camera would have been sufficient and not cannibalized the N8 sales. The Wifi issue is not that big for me and could probably be easily resolved with firmware.I am writing this for people who already know about the Symbian OS and understand its strengths and limitations. I believe Symbian Belle is a very good OS and a pleasure to use; Iphone and Android zombies might not be appreciative of any Symbian phone regardless.

If you buy this phone and Symbian 3 "Anna" is installed, I doubt you like it! I had a terrible time navigating through the various and deeply buried menus, the GPS was terribly slow unless you discovered how to turn off the "Home Network Only" option on the "Assisted GPS" menu page and you may find that your phone either locks up after making a call or will not wake up after going into sleep mode? If you find that you are having these problems don't give up on the phone, download and install Nokia's MAJOR update called Symbian "Belle" I have been using this phone for 3 months and I HATED it until I installed Symbian Belle.So far this new version of the Symbian 3 operating system is a major improvement and now I am beginning to like my phone. I will abstain from making a definitive verdict at this moment however, this update appears to have cured all the problems I experienced during the first few months of ownership.Some things I like about the phone: Gorgeous display, HD video and great picture quality, I use often and really like the OVI maps program even though I am a die hard TomTom fan. Bluetooth connectivity is not limited to certain items like the Iphone plus I can sync with Nokia Suite or Microsoft Outlook including the calender...Nice! I also use media monkey for syncing my music, podcast and videos without issue. I have used the navigation program while listening to my music and the phone never missed a beat or a turn :) So far the only major negative is setting up the phone...organizing the program icons on one's home pages is not as easy or convenient as say an Iphone or other Android products. All in all, Symbian Belle has given a new life to a phone that was about to take swimming lessons!

Battery lost ability to hold charge within 6 weeks of purchase and could only be replaced by sending phone to an authorized service center.  Stupid of Nokia to put such a product on the market.  Stupid of me to buy it!

Apple made me part of the smartphone world with its iPhone (beside the no-fun Blackberry I had to use before), but this phone is just of another category. Just give the keyboard a try - the virtual iphone one is "usable", the tiny Blackberry keys are "okay", but the writing experience on the Nokia E7 is just amazing. The large tilting 4" Oled screen gives you just the right angle of vision and stability, much better than that of undifferentiated mass of Chinese Android Qwerty sliders.Another killer function is the free offline GPS navegation. The iPhone doesn't have it (you have to buy TomTom or Navignon solutions which are good, but not cheap) and the Android phones consume megabytes from the data pack while navigating (and its turn by turn functionality is limited to North America). Nokia owns Navitech, so they are one of the technology leaders in this field - you really don't need a secondary GPS device any longer. The US comes preinstalled, and you can download from the device (no need to connect to a PC) any other map worldwide while you are still under fast and free Wifi coverage.Another important feature is that it is an open and truly international phone. I am traveling regularly to Europe and Latin America. Even an unblocked, jailbroken iPhone is not easy to adapt to different SIM card settings, but this one is a no brainer: slip in a local prepaid SIM card with an local data allowance (which is much easier and cheaper to buy in Europe and Latam as US carriers are still reserving competitive data packs to their contract customers) and voil&aacute; - the phone updates all settings automatically so you are online in a breeze at low costs, wherever you are. Additionally it is the only nine-band phone I know (5 3G bands, 4 GSM bands), so it works anywhere in the world with high 3G data speeds, guaranteed).Just one minor thing: I like reading news via RSS. The E7 can do that, but the functionality is buried in the menu of the web browser. Also, the contact management could be streamlined a bit, It works, but iOS has better implementations.In summary: after years of Blackberry and, more recently the iPhone, this Phone is the best solution for anybody who writes a lot (SMS, emails, notes, whatever - writing on this phone is MUCH faster produces less typing errors than any other phone I know), for anyone traveling abroad and for anybody who uses the phone as a car/bike/walk navigator. These functions are outstanding, the rest is OK.

Hi, my friend, i live in venezuela and this phone is  truly unlocked, i just plug my sim card from movilnet and  i make phonne calls  to my frienda, thank amazon / hola amigos, yo vivo en venezuela y este telefono es en verdad desbloqueado, solo le conecte un sim card de movilnet al sacarlo de la caja y enseguida pude hacer llamadas a mis amigos, gracias amazon

If you are looking for HDMI, a Big Screen, Qwerty Keyboard and you don't mind much about user friendliness but you care more about a fast response when opening the keyboard and replying to e-mails, chats, whatsapp, this is without a doubt the right mobile phone for you.Made in Finland...you can really feel the difference. Is not subjective, is a fact, buttons and building feels solid as a rock.Just a heads up.This phone's product code is Polish which means that the languages you will have on the phone are:CestinaEnglishDeutschMagyarPolskiSlovencina

I bought this phone about 1 week ago. I was trying to find a deal on Black Friday, but there were none. Seeing that it's a Nokia, I actually expected that, but maybe I could've gotten lucky. Anyways, I bought this phone for $405. Which is A LOT cheaper than the $499 price right now. My mom told me to sell it and make a good profit, but why would I when it's so good?PROSGreat system: Very quick. And the home screens are customizable, so there are a million ways to improve the system. That's all I have to say. Score: 5/5Apps: There are actually many apps available for this phone. People who are used to an iphone or android will probably feel an extremely low amount of apps, but who wants so many useless apps anyways? Angry Birds, Need for Speed Shift, and GT Racing Motor Academy. These games are very good. Asphalt 5 is good, but I don't think that the processor is fast enough. The game lags a bit on this phone. Other than these apps there is Skype, Whatsapp, Nimbuzz, and all the other good ones that are available on Symbian. If you are uncertain about an app, go to the Ovi Store and select the Nokia E7.Another thing about the apps, I would like to add, is that you can download all of them signed online. So, you don't have to pay up to $5 for good apps. You can get them all free, and you wouldn't have to jailbreak your phone or be in danger of losing all of your content. Score: 4/5The screen: This is a MAJOR PLUS POINT. A 4.0" AMOLED touch screen. It's very responsive. There is almost no glare compared to other phones. Great vibrating feedback as well. Score: 5/5GPS: This is a major plus point. It is beautifully made.. It works very well. It is probably much better than up to $150 systems you can buy from Garmin or any other company. Another thing is that Nokia owns a satellite system, so these maps will be free forever. You can also download maps through wi-fi for any country in the world. I would like to add that it sometimes takes about 20-30 seconds to start, so don't get worried. It does work though. And it works great. It got me through Atlanta and Saint Louis very well. Score: 5/5Qwerty Keyboard: Another major plus point. It is great with good feedback. Good opening action. It takes a bit getting used to because the keys are somehow placed akwardly. Maybe because there are four rows instead of three. Score: 4/5Body: The aluminum body is another plus. It seems very sturdy and the screen is made of gorilla glass, so it feels indestructible as well. The body is for sure a 5/5.CONSI seriously haven't found more than one. The phone freezes up sometimes for about 15 seconds. But, if you leave it alone, it will come back to normal. This happens more frequently when you use up to 3 apps or more at once. It also happens when you download many apps at once. It's not a big issue and it shouldn't drive you from buying this phone. It is quite worth the $500 as well.One thing I haven't really tested well is the camera. I have noticed that the camera's flash is way too bright. So, in plenty light, the flash is way too much and it sort of ruins the pictures. It makes my brown skin look pale. So, it's a bit weird. But, if you turn off the flash, the pictures come out quite good.So overall, a ten on ten phone. It works very well. Good app selection (actually) and good system. Worth the money. The only negative reviews on this page are because some people received European versions. I didn't have that problem. And to be honest, my friends say that their iphones aren't as good as my phone (They aren't as well made, nor as customizable. The camera is not nearly as good and the screen is not as good either). If you like standing out in a crowd, buy this phone.

As hardware is good even though each phone act different. Not easy to download apps unless comes with ovi. Some setting are different from one phone to another..like web setting one got back arrow and the other got history in the same spot..coz i got 3 already ( not US version, second one dont keep connected to wifi and slow to connect to towers when I drive). In general not as I expected but has a lot of good feature like interent radio..I dunno if I will keep it..its neat phone

it can be a good phone, look good and good specifications; but I bought 2, there are both problem to recharge the battery. it seems the problem is in the usb connection

Pros: Good looking phone and high quality in every aspect. I was using Nokia N97 Mini and it was too small when I surfed the web then Amazon has this E7 on sale for $359, I took my chance and bought it right away. There are some kind of inventory shortage of Nokia E7 on Amazon since the price jumped up to $430 couple weeks ago. The Nokia E7 has similar functions as my N97 Mini except bigger screen. I like it very much.Cons: Battery seems running out more than my N97 mini, I have to charge it every night. Sometime it is frozen for a while when I have several applications opened at once. Other than that, it is a great looking phone and everybody keeps asking what kind of phone do I have. Can't wait until Nokia releases Belle.

I bougth it from Buenos Aires, Argentina.  The free ship to Miami via LASERSHIP was good. (2 days)Hardware is very solid (a little heavy)  I think it's perfect for people who has big fingers/hands.  The keyboard is spectacular.Symbian is not bad. Has a lot of Apps. Works find. I had no problem. I opened more than 40 apps at same time. Everything you need. Very good performance. I'm coming from a N95 - The gap is huge.I have 4 emails boxes configured. I can see movies directly connecting to the HDMI TV.  The camera is very goog for a phone.I paid $549.  For $440 it's a present.I recommend this phone. Woks perfect on the Pampas. If works here, you can use it everywhere.(Sorry for my English)

the nokia E7-00 smart phone is an amazing device, the complete phisical qwerty keyboard mades easy to type and write emails, sms, mms and reviews like this one. The browser supports flash and the symbian anna os is wonderful.

After receiving phone purchased through Amazon supplied by others, I discover the phone, advertised as for US with warranty, was supplied with European charger and maps loaded. With Nokia Ovi Suite I transferred my contacts from my other phone and during the process the Suite suggested I should update the phone firmware to the latest version. I allowed this to take place. I have a N8 my wife uses as well which I allowed the firmware to be updated as well (Anna).Well this update caused the N8 to begin to reset after a few days. After a while it would get to a point where it would reset every 5 minutes. This has to be the firmware upgrade which caused the E7 to do the same. The N8 was working without a single problem until the firmware update. Nokia allows no way to return to previous versions. I sent the E7 back, after multiple suggested retries to update the firmware from the data connection or the Ovi Suite. And now I wait for a firmware release which will correct the now unusable N8 as it is out of warranty.Using a couple of Android phones, now that the Nokia support has rendered two phones nearly unusable.Beware if you allow a firmware update on a Nokia which is out of warranty!

I took a long time reseaching the Nokia E7-00 and after deciding I could get along without a macro lens, I decided I would purchase the phone. I have had many phones with the symbian O.S. and have gotten used to it.When the phone arrived it was not the US version. I called Nokia and they informed me that the phone serial number wasn't listed and I would have no warranty. The first hint was the European charger and the sticker over the original label on the box.I called Amazon and expressed my feelings about the situation. They quickly issued a return label and said they applied a refund.  The advertisement clearly stated a US version with warranty.  Buyer Beware is all I can say at this time. I am still waiting to be informed if Amazon can supply me with a phone as advertised.Very dissapointing purchase through Amazon which will make me think twice before making the same mistake again.I have to be honest and revisit the original review.Therefore first of all, Amazon is excellent, but this phone has a very poor camera and is useless for using for recording pages of manuals, spec sheets and anything small. The previous Nokia N97mini was excellent for that purpose and I was never without that capabilty and now I am.  Also, the speaker phone is virtually useless also because if there is any background noise whatsoever people can't hear you on the other end as well as the volume is very low and you can't hear them either. This makes it useless when driving for handsfree by itself.  Sometimes you want to put it under the vehicle tire and run over it.I wouldn't suggest this phone for either purpose.

So I've had this phone for about a month now and here my impressions so far:Design:Great build/materials. This was my motivating factor for purchasing this phone. The metal casing, weight, and solid hinges really make this phone feel durable and elegant at the same time. I frequently get compliments on the phone. The keyboard hinge is spring-loaded and feels very rugged and able to withstand time. I would say the build rivals that of the iphone and is definitely superior to the vast majority of android phones I tried out. Most android phones are too plasticky and feel too light/cheap. I like my phones to be heavier with a more solid feel.Software/OS:symbian was my first smartphone OS so I am familiar with its functions (and malfunctions). My old phone was an N97mini, which ran an older symbian version -- this version (^3) works much much better in terms of reliability, usability, and aesthetics. The three customizable homescreens are awesome and allows me to dedicate each to a specific task (I have one for quick contacts and date/time, one for apps, and one for content updates like email, RSS, and notifications) while being very easily accessible. Having different wallpapers for each is also a great feature.As other reviewers have noted, there is definitely a relative lack of apps for the Symbian platform. That being said, I've been able to get all the apps I need for daily use (although I'm not a huge app user). The only apps I use are: the Opera browser (highly highly recommended), Skype, Joiku hotpot, google maps, and youtube. The best part is these are all free.There have been a few instances where my phone has reset due to some crash, but it doesn't happen often enough for it to be a huge issue. The applications all run smoothly with little lag. There's also a multitasking feature (similar to a system tray in windows) that makes running multiple apps easy.In sum, the OS runs well enough and even though there aren't as many apps on Symbian, if you're not a heavy apps consumer it is a non-issue as essential apps are available. If you're heavy on apps then obviously go for an android or iphone.CameraThe camera is definitely the achilles of the E7. Although it's 8 megapixels the fixed-focus lens really cripples the E7's ability to take macro pictures (close-ups). It simply can't resolve clearly things within 8-12 inches of the lens so these objects turn out blurry. In other words, the camera is farsighted. However, I've found that the camera works great taking pictures of things further away such as taking a portrait of friends or capturing some scenery. I haven't used the camcorder feature, but it does take 720p video.ScreenThe AMOLED screen is incredible. The colors are very vivid and the blacks are very true. This is my second favorite feature of the phone (second to the design). I often find myself just looking through pictures on my phone because I'm mesmerized by the vibrant colors. It really makes watching videos and looking at photos a joy.My only complaint about the screen is that it's relatively low resolution for a 4" screen compared to the iPhone and android phones. This isn't a huge issue and is only problematic when using an internet browser at times since it can't display as many pixels.BatteryThe phone easily lasts a day with heavy use, but I keep a charger in my car just to be safe. I haven't had any problems with battery longevity.Other issuesThe phone does'nt come with a USB connector (only a USB on-the-go connector) so if you want to transfer files from your computer you will have to buy another cable.Conclusion:If you're looking for a simple phone with great build quality and an awesome screen but don't care much about apps or the camera (if you have your own HQ camera) then this is the perfect phone for you. It does the fundamental smartphone functions such as web-browsing, GPS, email, video, and calling superbly.

I have been holding off writing the review for this fantastic phone until I tested the phone properly. I had bought this phone exactly a week ago. When I first held it in my hands, it felt perfect. Although I have read a few bad reviews about this phone, I had complete faith in Nokia. Therefore, I went ahead and purchased this Nokia Phone mainly for their great build. I have to admit I have been using Nokia for the past 10 years, except for 2-years when I had to switch to Samsung (I hated it). Some of my friends suggested to me not to buy Symbian based phones anymore but I think they are wrong. It is still very good and as far as I am concerned, this is one of the best phones available in the market.Device set up:The initial set up for the phone was easy. Even I was able to transfer all the contacts, texts and calendar from my other Nokia phone to this phone through Bluetooth.Design (9/10):The design of this entire phone is excellent. It fits perfectly in the palm. One can operate the phone with one hand with ease. There are three home screens and one can easily customise it to your requirement. This you will not achieve in Android or iphone.Keyboard (10/10): This is perhaps the finest QWERTY keyboards I have ever seen so far. The keys look elegant and evenly spaced, including the touchscreen QWERTY keyboard.Screen (10/10):This phone has 4" AMOLED screen with excellent displays. The touch sensitivity on this screen is brilliant, which is mainly a feather touch. I played a couple of 720p HD videos from you tube and the quality was impeccable.Speaker (9/10):This phone is equipped with Dolby Digital surround system, which is equivalent to home theatres. Due to this, you would not miss a beat. The important part of the phone is the call quality, which I found to be excellent in this phone. I have not had any problems in call quality since I bought it a week ago.Software (8/10):Although many people think Symbian is dead, I certainly think otherwise, especially after I purchased this phone. The software is a huge upgrade if you are a Symbian fan. Once my phone updated to Symbian Anna, it works very well. It did work very well even before the update! The software in this phone runs as smooth as one would find it in Android or iPhone. Still, there are rooms for improvement.Map (10/10):The Ovi map is by far the best I have used in the past 6 months (including my old Nokia 5800 xpressmusic). I also own Garmin ($150) and had used Google maps but they failed to beat Ovi maps. The best part of Ovi maps is the turn-to-turn direction guidance. Furthermore, Ovi maps have maps for more than 150 countries and can be used offline. Moreover, you can use your own voice for directions!Apps (9/10):There are hundreds of apps available for Nokia but I do not use that many apps. Whatever I use, works very well in E7. Anyway, who wants 1000s of apps on their phone?Games (8/10):There are as many games available for Nokia E7 as in Android or iPhone. I have played a couple of games in Nokia, just to test it, and it works brilliantly in E7.Camera (4/10):The Camera in E7 is not good, unless there is enough light. I have my own DSLR camera, which nothing can beat. Therefore, I am not worried about the camera in the phone.Update: An update on camera. This camera is certainly way better than the camera in iPhone or Android phones. It takes very good pictures, if there is enough light. I did shoot a few HD (1080 p) videos a few days ago, which looked excellent. Even my friends who own iPhone and Android were amazed at the quality of this video.Office/Adobe (10/10):Nokia E7 comes with pre-installed office (Word, Excel and Powerpoint) and Adobe PDf for free. Any iPhone/Android user has to pay some money to get office/Adobe on their phone. This is a huge advantage for any person who writes/edits notes or spreadsheets often.Battery (6/10):This is probably a major drawback in this phone. I do not understand why E7 comes with a short battery time, when it has so many features. I fully charged the battery in the morning and used a lot features (more than usual). The battery lasted for 13 hours. This is not bad but I wish the Nokia had used a better battery for this phone.Overall, this is the best phone one can get in the market now. It is worth the money and you will not be disappointed. I hope Nokia does not stop to make Symbian based phones, now they have joined hands with Mircosoft.I had bought this phone on 47% ($369.00) discount from Amazon (one-day shipment). Thank you Amazon for this amazing offer.UPDATE: Here is an update after 3 weeks of usage. I am beginning to fall in love with this phone. This is just fabulous, especially Anna. I believe Belle has not reached N. America yet. So, I can't comment on it. I have looked at Android phones but I don't like their small buttons and Android UI is not as  smooth as Anna. Who said there are not good Apps for Nokia? some of the apps that I use on E7 surprises my Android/iPhone friends! If you are used to Symbian, you will love this business phone.Final Update: I am loving Nokia more after Nokia Belle update. It's better than Android, certainly in speed. I never had any glitches in Belle. Even the battery seems to last longer than the previous software editions. Thank you Nokia. Keep up the good work. We would like to see more software upgrades similar to Belle. People who do not like nokia Belle are perhaps used it for less than a week and gave a wrong impression about it.

This is a beautiful phone, cosmetically. The screens are vibrant, the video is crisp and clear. Takes a while to figure it out, but worth the time. The only problem i had is the fact that it was suppose to be the U S version with warranty, and when I opened the box, nothing was in english. Including the box, the paperwork, or the charger (it was a direct current charger. I returned it today and do not expect any problems with the refund process.

I have had Nokia unlocked phones for years.  I find them excellent.  The Nokia E7-00 is no exception it is a quality phone that surpasses most mobile devices.  And, as usual ordering through Amazon.com was an outstanding experience also.  I highly recommend this phone and the supplier.  It was delivered ahead of schedule and the product is a advertised.

Ok, i bought this phone more than two months agoi wasn't expecting to get galaxy s2 performance or anything like that, i was just expecting a nokia e7the camera is really good, 720p is really good, better than many 1080p phones I've used beforephotos are Ok, not superb, just Ok.Keyboard is Fantastic, really fantastic, best keyboard ever, better than any samsung epic, better than xperia proreally worth itscreen is beautiful, if you are waiting for retina display, you wont get it, this is nHD, ninth of a full HD tv,so 640 by 360, but actually if you calculate the pixel density is better than most laptops, (15 inch or 13 inch, 1366x768)clear black display works wonderful, black is black, not gray it is BLACKthe phone is made out of plastic at the top and bottom, but it looks like the aluminum of the back cover and the screen bezelyou'll like itSoftwarethis is my third symbian phone, i'm not a big fan but i like the functionality, push email, Microsoft communicatorI use nimbuzz for chat, its perfect, because i only chat in Live MSN and facebook chatBrowser. you can download opera, because the built in browser it's no good at all, only for mobile pagesopera mini 6, is the one to go for, faster loading times than safari on iPhone 4s and android browser on galaxy s2I already did the test in best buy :3Games. well its a phone, don't expect for playstation 3 games soyou get a few popular mini games like angry birds, fruit ninja, asphalt 6, need for speed, they all work goodno lagOverall is a really good phone, but it's no iPhone, its different, so don't compare itand I'm waiting for the symbian belle update, you can Youtube symbian belle running on nokia n8i think you'll like it

Hello, i bought my nokia e7-00 in june 2011 and today i discover that the batterydonot maintain it's charge. After charging for several hours it keeps telling me low battery. Can someone please tell me what i can do.

I got this phone 3 days back. They sent me a European Version phone even though they clearly mentioned it as US version. You will not be able to plug in the charger as it is European version. All the documents and guides are in some other language (other than English). The seller is unresponsive. When contacted I got a reply to contact Amazon as the sale is through "Amazon FBA". So basically you are left in the lurch. This phone is probably used, comes in a very cheap-looking package. You may doubt if it is original.Don't buy it here, buy it from some other place, if you1. like the feature of this phone2. are ok with the Symbian OS  and Symbian's future prospects &3. or else from this seller if you are ready to take all this risk.Update: After 6 months of use suddenly stopped working. I have not been able to revive it. With no support from the dealer I guess this will go to trash.... DONT BUY THESE PHONES... Buy from your local dealer where you get some customer support.

This phone is a best looking phone on the market right now. I was so excited to get the phone and I set it up similarly to my N8, which I decided to keep as a backup. The hardware on this phone is exceptional - better than any phone I've had before and it puts the iPhone to shame in terms of its looks, beautiful flip up screen and amazing keyboard which is so easy to use, but the O/S on this phone is not nearly as smooth or user friendly as it should be.Basically the problem is that they have modified Symbian^3 from the Nokia N8 for this phone and whoever has done it has made a real mess of it. Once you have a decent number of apps on the phone ( - incidentally much less than I put on my N900) the phone constantly lags, and even after a hard reboot, unless you turn off the online widgets freezes and needs rebooting all the time - on average I am rebooting it 6 times per day with the widgets on. After hours on the phone with Nokia support they really can't offer any solid suggestions.Until Nokia gets their act together on their O/S I would say that this phone will only serve a niche market - and that really is a shame because it feels wonderful in the hand and has a marvellous display, but without a decent O/S it basically doesn't completely do what it's supposed to do!Note: I have revised this review as I realized that the problems I was having relate to using the online widgets in a non-3.5/4G environment - I will still keep this phone for the moment but will likely upgrade to the new Meego Nokia N9 phone when it appears.

This is my 2nd phone, I had to replaced my 1st one due to continuous reboot. I also found that the proximity sensor location (left side on the this phone is causing continuously dropped calls. I bought an app (slideAnswer) that locked the phone in active calls, I might be returning this phone, for $600 is not a good deal. I am planning to move to samsung or HTC after 27 years of being a loyal Nokia Customer.

This is my second Nokia. It's very good phone. I used it to travel and dive in other contries. I use to change the SIM card to get cheaper service and not pay interconection in diferent contries. GPS is excelent, you only donwload maps to the Phone memory. I use to get Internet and e-mail service by WiFi. My only concern with this phone is camera don't have auto-focus and no extra slot for Memory. But over all software and hardware had very good quality. Phone and batery life are very good.

I really like this phone, it does have issues freezing up,sometimes several times a day and sometimes won't let meanswer calls, very annoying. However, i do use the phone for business and getting emails, and documents is very important to me.Like the touch screen, this is my first one, easy to use. I haven't learned all the in's and out's of this phone yet but, plan on keeping it for a long time. I really hope Nokia continues to create a phone with a Qwerty keyboard. This is much easier for me, especially for business.

Since I got here, I don't use anymore Nokia. There is no Chinese in the phone. I cannot put any Chinese music inside( it would not show the title of the music). I guess I am only going to use Iphone or Gphone.

I really liked the keyboard, and the larger screen, but I didn't like the extra weight, or the dimensions of this phone.  I simply doesn't feel as nice to hold or easy to hold with ease as the N8.  It is also much heavier than the N8.  It would've been nice if Nokia found a way to lighten up the phone maybe with carbon fiber or even polycarbonate composite.  Aluminum is a thing of the past, too heavy, and easy to ding up.  The biggest disappointment is the firmware/os.  It simply wasn't ready for prime time or release.  It was too buggy and constantly required power-off to reset.  I was unable to end calls or press to take calls since Nokia chose to take the "talk" button away... a very not smart move.  I also experienced frequent lock ups, in any case it was more buggy than the N8 even though they both use symbian os.... who knows.... I wish it was better, Nokia support was not helpful... too green and not knowledgeable enough to be useful. I would look to the next generation nokia phones running Symbian Anna due out July-August timeframe

I received this e7 as a gift. It runs Symbian^3 Anna, Software Version 022.014.02.01, released 2011-07-05. Other features: Nokia Web browser 7.3 / Flash 4.0 / Java 2.2.I have had Nokia smart phones before, the last was an n95; thus, I've been familiar with Symbian s60 devices.My n95, which I'll benchmark the e7 against, had great:essential phone functionsfocusing camera with flash (which took unparalleled pictures)speaker qualityoffice functionalityDESIGN:The e7 is finely made, very Nokia: stylish, tight lines, understated, elegant, aristocratic. Hinge mechanism is higher quality than similar mechanisms on other phones I've tried. It is slightly larger than the iPhone 4G and slightly heavier, but it fits nicely in my pocket and is not much more cumbersome than my n95 or my SE Equinox. The touchscreen makes a little buzz when you touch it; some phones don't do this so I find it useful.TOUCHSCREEN:This is my first touchscreen phone. It took some getting used to but after a couple days no biggie, in landscape. Typing on touchscreen is surprisingly accurate in landscape. Comparison: I make more errors on iOS and Android (without Swype, though less with) than this phone; don't ask my why. Portrait typing - no dale. Swype is available, but actually I don't like it much. I still make some errors though. Screen quality itself is absolutely beautiful; though my coworker's current 5g iPod touch has better resolution.Other phones & media players have better screen resolution: iPod touch, various Samsung & HTCs as well.KEYPAD:My first QWERTY phone. Keypad is quality though, has control, shift, function keys, and arrows. Complete with alternate shift keyboard (yellow characters, key on bottom left) though positioning makes it a tad difficult to actuate the 3rd character on keys in the bottom left of the keypad. But you can cycle through a key's alternate letters by pressing the key repeatedly. I prefer standard dialpads with t9 (or iTap on Motorolas), but this one is high quality too. I like.CAMERA:The 8MP camera is quite nice. Photos and light are not as rich or deep on this camera as on the n95 which had a focusing camera. As standard for Nokia, the camera app is great. Camera goodies such as Picture and Video editor software integrate nicely into the camera app itself. So sad that the phone doesn't have Carl Zeiss on board as my n95 made lust worthy 5mp photos my friends swore couldn't come from a phone. I understand lack of CZ focusing mechanics keeps size down (what about that awesome n8 camera though ...... arg). But the app itself I like better than the Android or iOS camera apps.MUSIC:Music player is fine and mostly unchanged from the s60 v5 version. The app "Podcasting" is missing for some reason. Now to handle podcasts via an application, it must be through paid apps which are less capable than the previous Nokia Podcasting app. None are rated highly, and reportedly contain bugs. I download podcasts via RSS feeds in Nokia Web or Opera which suffices for now. Comparison: the iOS music player is much better since it all evolved from an iPod eg, podcasting & smart playlists (maybe I can do this with the e7 but its still a little new to me). Also, no stereo speakers like n95, miss that.But, no stereo speakers. So in this way it doesn't match the n95.VOLUME ROCKER:I didn't know a volume rocker could be made which was stylish & easy to use. I like it!OS:Anna makes vast improvements on menu and option access IMHO (compared with the n95). Contextual menus are more predictably formatted, which is a big stride (similar to the way File and Edit menus tend to be across apps and OS's). Cut/paste nearly ubiquitously throughout the the OS. Also, no issues needing to reboot daily as others mention, or any of the other problems. I guess Anna fixes all that.Menus are still somewhat deep, more like a computer than other smartphones or PMP devices. Navigating the menus can get a little tiresome. But this is also a plus since I like hierarchically organizing my junk.I hear comparisons to iOS and honestly I don't know what the big deal is with iOS. iOS appears a bit snappier sometimes with screen rendering. Also, Netflix works on iOS which is a plus. BUT, basic user choices with how applications work, file system, visual display/theming, etc have all been in Symbian since the beginning as I recall, which iOS doesn't have. Other comparisons: WebOS is more creatively, functionally, and aesthetically designed than all other mobile OS's so no comparison there (too bad Nokia didn't partner with HP instead of MS since I think WebOS is the best smart phone OS). Android devices seem to have even more options, but often lag, and also lack in the visual experience of the OS. So far I have not experienced lags or issues reported by other users. So, for me, Symbian is great.** BOOM **HDMI outSmoking hot. Seriously I watched a digital movie on my 42in 1080p by mounting it from USB flash drive via the phone.** BOOM **USB on the goplugging in a flash drive automatically opens the drive and there's an app in the menu that lets you either backup the phone or exchange/replace data. Haven't tried it yet though.** BOOM **OVI Maps.This is one of the best features of the phone. It's clearly as good as a TomTom or Garmin, better than Gmaps, very fast, loads of options. My n95 sadly was one of those with a semi-borked GPS chip so I cannot compare this feature. Also, you can dl maps and navigate with the data connection turned off. Full GPS apparently. All free. I don't know if that helps justify a purchase but it seems unusual for a cell to have.INCLUDED SOFTWARE:1. QuickOffice. I'm not sure if this is standard, but it comes on mine. Nice.2. Mail for Exchange. Gmail isn't fully integrated (cannot star or make important, etc) but it is very fast via MfE. MfE is customizable. Haven't tried the Gmail app itself though. It would be nice if MfE or Google would integrate the GoogleDocs and GoogleVoice features into MfE as I'm a heavy user of both (at least on my laptop).3. Nokia Web browser is much improved from the n95 (s60). Still not as good as the Android browser or Opera; but still much improved. It is slightly slow on starting occasionally.4. Photo Editor & Video Editor - love them. Very feature rich.OTHER SOFTWARE I SUGGEST:Nokia - Internet Radio / Sports Tracker / Panorama (cool app to stitch together photos into one giant photo))Non-Nokia - Fring / Trapster / Opera / Upcode / WordPressISSUES:1. On startup, Ovi thinks I don't have an account. Seems like it should recognize I'm already a member. What's up with that? (fixed: just sign in and check the remember me box)2. Battery life is generally good for me; I don't have issues others on here have had. I did find situations which destroy the battery though:Wi-fi (especially if driving around - either turn it off or no juice)Maps (get a car charger for sure, and a dash mount because this thing is equivalent to GPS, works off network too if you've dl'd a map)Fring (pummels battery if not connected to strong wi-fi) though imho Fring rocks.3. Sending 8mp pics as MMS via Tmo? Cough. 15 min later ..... Tmo does NOT play with large pics for some reason. Had enormous problems with the n95 & Sony Ericsson Equinox too. This phone is no different. Thankfully if you want to send a pic you can choose email from the send menu (good integration) and when I send via Gmail it takes like 2 seconds. Tmo needs to figure this one out since I know it's not the phone's problem.WISHES:1. In comparison to my old (and awesome) n95:a) speakers are not as good as n95 (which was stereo)b) I miss the "Gallery" which was kind of like a rotating Coverflow of images and video (seriously, I think Nokia came up with it before other companies)c) focusing camera (n95 had a phenomenal camera, tad slow compared to other cell cameras, but awesome)d) music management, the old Podcasting application is gone and sort functions (date, size, etc) aren't as good as n95 for some reason2. More font sizes. Of the three, small too small, medium to large.3. Improved contextual menus: How about adding a menu item to the option menu with a row of common icons just below the "Show open applications" menu item (the top one in option/contextual menus? Suggested symbols: "Exit to home screen and close application," "Exit to containing folder," "Close application," "New," "Settings." Stick all these icons on one row so I don't have to scroll up and down trying to find Exit. Everyone understands these icons, in just about every format or every OS they're ever presented in. Close with an x, Home with an up arrow, Exit sign, plus sign. This type of menu would offer more functions in smaller real estate.4. Bring back bookmarklets in Symbian web browser. Miss. Them.5. No Netflix / Amazon video. It will play movie formats, just not streaming from Amazon or Netflix.This is one of the best gifts I've gotten in a long time. And certainly the best cell phone. I'd recommend it. Don't let my list of "issues" dissuade you; you haven't seen my extremely nitpicky Android, iOS, Windows, or Mac issues lists. Frankly, I love the phone. I don't feel trapped by a locked-clone ecosystem, I get a phone that respects me (gives me more control than iOS and actually feels more like a computer which I like), and is ready for my particular productivity needs, integrates with online services well and comes with nice goodies like the smoking hot HDMI out, great camera app, awesome Maps. Btw, no, I don't work for Nokia or the cellphone industry.I'll update in the future once I've got some miles on the phone.Month 3:I love it more now. Maps, QuickOffice, Fring,  good notification services, frequently called number scrolling widget (love this bugger). Maps comment earlier about pummeling battery...only if network GPS is used, dl'ing local map to phone doesn't squash the battery. Two office mates want one now hehe.More apps I recommend: Nokia Situations, Nokia Drop (love them both), Bubue "Books" (not from Ovi/Nokia store, but from Maemo apps page, so I'm guessing its a QT app). And surprisingly using QuickOffice a ton, both with touchscreen and keyboard.

I love the phone, although I wanted a US released version in grey color, grey was never released in the US so I settled for Silver.  I've been using Symbian for years; my last phone was an E70.  The phone is quick enough for me.  Some times when playing Angry Birds if a text/call is coming in you'll notice jittery graphics.  I have an old application which doesn't work on the E7, but I'm dealing with it.cons:- The first device I received had some major problems and had to be returned for replacement within days.  I am a few weeks into the brand new replacement and it's working okay.- When an AT&T; sim card is in the device you cannot purchase apps from the Ovi store using a credit card.  Your only option is to have it show up on your AT&T; bill.  This is due to an agreement Nokia has with AT&T.;  The only way to bypass this and purchase with a CC is to remove the sim card and use your wifi.  Why not just use carrier billing?  Well from what I've read it won't even process since the device is not supported/known to AT&T.;  Another reason is that you are able to fly under the radar with a non-smartphone data plan since AT&T; doesn't know what type of phone you have.  If you are buying apps, then you obviously have a smartphone.  You shouldn't have to go through this on an unlocked device.recommendations:- Buy the Nokia CC-3009 hard cover case with 'leather' exterior.  It covers the back of the device, raises the camera glass up when it's resting on a table, and gives you a grippable surface when it's in your hand/open for typing.  Great fit, doesn't affect usage at all.- Buy a Zagg Invisible Shield Maximum Coverage / Full Body protector kit.  The aluminum case of the E7, which beautiful, is rather slippery.  InvisibleShield not only protects from scratches but it adds a grippable surface.  The fit on the screen is fine, the body fits well except for the pieces which attach to the top and bottom of the rear which are curved.  I've done the install twice to an E7 (because of the phone replacement issue I had), and both times the curved pieces wind up bubbling/folding up on the curve.  I might try cutting some slits in mine to get rid of the bubbles, but the area is covered by the case anyway.Update 11/28/2011:Still happy with this phone and no issues to speak of.  I've been running the Anna update for a month.  Only one issue that I ran into after the update is that text messages to Verizon phones weren't getting delivered or missing characters.  Solution is to go to messaging >> options >> settings >> text msg >> character encoding >> change to reduced support.And there are some recent bad reviews (late oct / nov of 2011) where it is obvious the person didn't buy from Amazon directly and got a non US version.  You should be smart enough to know that most marketplace sellers for this phone aren't legit Nokia authorized resellers.  As such, even if it was a US version, you don't have a valid warranty / Nokia won't honor it.  They are going to sell you a foreign import where the risk isn't worth the few bucks you'll save.  When you are talking about electronics, only buy from authorized resellers!

Solidly built. Keyboard works nice and is the ideal thing for texting.  The camera is decent once you make the necessary adjustments rather than just pointing and shooting which also works when the conditions are right. I can access my corporate network which is a plus for me, this cannot be done using an android phone at all.  The HDMI port is a big advantage as it can be connected to a multimedia projector with an HDMI port and a presentation can be made.  Apart from that it can also be used to connect to a monitor while a keyboard can be connected to the USB port turning the entire system into a computer system.  The use of memory stick on the go is a commendable one and this attracts attention. The sound system is very clear but what sucks is that the speakers are at the back of the phone and this is one of the reasons for giving it 4 out of 5 stars.  The only problem I am getting with this phone is that sometimes when I get a call and I touch the screen to accept the call nothing happens and the call is lost. This is also another reason for 4 out of 5 stars.  I am sure however that future updates will solve this problem.  This phone replaces my old trusted E71 and despite the problems, I am very happy overall with it.  It is certainly not a toy phone but a real phone for the real man or woman as the case may be. I don't have a plan so I depend a lot on internet access at work, home and other hot spots.  I used skype to make a lot of foreign calls and the money I saved (since Skype to Skype is free) has already covered the cost of this phone.  As for the browser, forget the one that came with the phone and download Opera Mobile which is much faster and better.Update: After updating phone I don't lose any calls again.

Awesome phone 110% better than iphone or any other smartphone out there. I have the following phones sony erricson Xperia X1, P990i, P910a, Nokia 8260, N900 and now the E7 costing between $600-$549.00. The phone is by far the most beatifully designed and built with lots of technological advance i.e voice recorded text message electronically email reader to mention a few. No smartphone in the market currently have those capabilities.By the way, do you know that Apple was recently ordered to pay Nokia multi million dollars forever for infringing or stolen Nokia patented technology now used on iphone/Sulemon Alejo, loyal and happy Nokia user

This is probably the best phone I've had in recent years, it's very similar in design to the older sidekick phones (specifically the Sidekick II) But this phone is on a completely different level when it comes to build quality and mechanics. It's built like a tank and does not scratch easy. I would still use this phone for some of the functions  like its Ovi maps and document and file management which is still far superior to anything buy android or apple. Blackberry is the only thing close to business and file management. Only downside is its rather slow response while trying to do multi tasking. Works rather well when the ram is freed up and does not have tons of stuff overloading the cache. It's basic flaw is its rather small RAM/ROM size. If only it could be upgraded to something larger this phone would have the potential to be much faster!For the price, I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good reliable business phone. If you are looking for social media and fancy apps and and &uuml;ber resolution , look elsewhere. This phone is still a top contender for basic to professional work performance.

I live in Jordan and am willing to buy this Nokia E7 off Amazon.com.... does "unlocked" / or does this mobile work in the middle east and in areas outside the US... please help and reply as soon as possible thanks

Both were bought via amazon.com since Nokia in FL doesn't sell direct now (with the Microsoft takeover). I like Symbian OS and shift my SIM card around, use one/charge one. The best multi-media Nokia I've ever had, and mine go back to 2004, all working.

This is possibly the best phone by Nokia ever...too bad it won't save Nokia in U.S. We love our iOS and Android.

First, I want to say, this is my first Symbian OS phone and it has it's issues. The UI is not as intuitive as an iPhone for example. There were several times I had to read the Help guide in order to figure out how to do some relatively easy things (like adding a non-predefined shortcut to an App onto the home screen). There are fewer apps available for Symbian and there's no SD memory slot. However, once you get used to navigating the Symbian OS's settings screens and get the 3 home screens setup the way you want, this phone cannot be beat. It is relatively quick, the switching between 3G and WiFi is flawless, the calls sound great, the video quality is the best I've ever seen on a phone (try uploading a digital copy of a blu-ray movie) and the keyboard is a joy to type on. Battery life is better than most and the 16 gig memory is sufficient. The Exchange integration is excellent and the OVI maps are awesome (The Trip Advisor integration is a nice touch too). It feels solid and looks great. After using various Android phones and an iPhone 4, I have to say this phone has them beat by far. Yes, there are some things that Android phones or iPhones do better, but overall, feature for feature, this phone is simply the best smartphone on the market at this time. If you want a phone just to play games on, buy an iPhone. If you want a phone that's more than a toy, buy the Nokia E7.

This one of best phones out there. Its capabilities, design and full qwerty keyboard make this Symbian 3 phone a competitor to iPhones and Galaxy S phones! HDMI out, USB on the Go! (for accesing external self powered drives), 8MP camera, HD Video recording, etc. I've even connected a USB Keyboard and mouse and use an external LCD as mainscreen and it is like using a PC/laptop. All this can be done with this phone that has a regular processor and not that much internal memory.Drawbacks: using OVI for downloading applications. I will recommend everybody using other sites like [...]. Some say that you have less applications available for Symbian phones compared to Market from Android phones but to tell you the truth, 95% of the applications on Market are useless.I've used Android, Symbian, iOS and Windows phone. This phone will be better with a different OS or interface but I'm just waiting the availability of updating to Symbian Anna (scheduled for late August)and afterwards to Symbian Belle (For January). Symbian Belle will be a definite hit, I've seen it working and it's just like any Android or Windows phone out there.So in conclusion, it you are in need, like me, for a full qwerty keyboard with an excellent screen (AMOLED), HDMI out and USB on the GO capabilities, look no further! You will just need to be patient enough to wait until January when Symbian Belle will be available.Also, you will pay less money for this phone than for a Galaxy S, Galaxy SII and iPhone.Thanks for your time.

Perhaps I am writing this review out of frustration, but this review should serve the purpose for most trying to buy these Nokia phones. There are several blogs and reviews that boasts of E7 and Belle features, but seldom one finds about the -Ves. I have been a Nokia users for as many as 13 years, but this phone is a huge let up.Originally I was excited of this Phone's capability, a nice full qwerty keypad and touch phone. I even discounted its overweight compared to its peers. But then came the dreadful Anna. It killed the Bluetooth functionality completely. After a age long wait on the Bella, it still doesn't live up to the expectation.Only one thing that works smartly is the Nokia MAP. Awesome it is. And everything else is a failure.The phone randomly reboots. OS just hangs on a daily basis, please note I am not of the type to install all those freebies from the Ovi store. I just have those apps what it came originally. The pull down menu is too sensitive, a slight contact will expose the menus. I many times need to restore the functions after completing the call (due to contact with ear).The hardware is too slow for the rich feature in Belle OS.I would strongly discourage anyone buying E7-00.

Although I thoroughly researched this phone before I purchased and saw the negative reviews, I still purchased it. Now I really wished I had not wasted my money nor my time. The idea of a Nokia smartphone was so enticing, that I did not go with my gut feeling to not buy them. Now less than one year after buying these phones, I have purchased a Samsung phone with android operating system.The issues I experienced with the Nokia E7 were constant freezing, sometimes up to 10 times a day if not more. Even after upgrading to Nokia belle operating system, it started freezing that same day. I even downloaded app stop and did that several times a day. That helped significantly helped reduce the freezing, but it still happened enough to irritate me.Of course limited app availability. There were some decent apps available, but just not much to choose from. This is a major drawback to not having apple or droid.The good things about this phone is the simple interface. Not to mention the alpha numeric keyboard, which i greatly miss.-------------------------------------UPDATED May 16, 2013It has been exactly six months since Nokia and I departed ways. With this "anniversary", I wanted to share a few more exact reasons why I broke up with Nokia and what I miss about it.CONS1. Freezing - As I stated previously, up to 10 times a day if not more. Some days were worse than others. Other days, maybe only a time or two. The freezing got so bad at the end, that I just pretty much stopped using the phone for everything - other than calls or texts.2. Symbian Operating System - Very slow response time - minimum of 5 second delay to responding to my touch. Also no longer supported by Nokia.3. Limited Apps - Most retailers only offer their apps on Apple or Android, very and I mean very FEW offer it on Symbian OS. The one retailer app that I did download (Walgreens) was not even up to date with their current promotions or advertisements. It existed, but not supported.4. Non removable battery - This really hindered resolving the freezing issues I experienced. It has an intergrated battery that the user can not remove. If the battery were to go bad, you would not be able to buy another battery to replace it.5. Limited memory - the internal memory was very limited. It almost reminded me of the Packard Bell computer I had in 1996 with 1GB of memory.6. Bulky - I never realized until I had my new Samsung Galaxy S3 how heavy this phone really was! It feels like it weighs three times as much as my Samsung!PROS1. Dedicated Camera Button - This was the best feature of this phone! I loved having a dedicate camera button on the outside body of the phone. I could literally pick up the phone while the screen was off, press the button, the phone would come up, and it would take a photo within 3-5 seconds. How fast the picture would take would depend on that freezing or non freezing that day.2. T9 or Alphanumeric keypad - I have been using an alphanumeric keypad since it 2001 and I can't type fast without it. The size of the buttons are comparable to a regular home phone. They are wide enough and long enough, you actually press what you are going for. Side note: I finally found a T9 keyboard on Android!3. QWERTY Slideout keyboard - I listed this as a pro because it was the only thing I could use sometimes if the T9 on screen keys were not responding. I never used this keyboard very much, because the on screen keyboard was just easier to use (horizontal or vertical).So there you have it, my final detailed review of the Nokia E7-00. There were twice as many CONS as there are PROS. While I do miss some of the PROS I listed, I still would not trade in my Samsung Galaxy S3 for them at all! Even six months later, I am so glad that I finally parted ways with Nokia and the Symbian Operating System.

Pros:KeyboardGreat GPS/Navigation - Ovi MapsBig bright screenSolid Machine (slightly heavy)Great colorsEasy setup for previous symbian usersCons:No voice navigation through Bluetooth headset or car kitPoor battery lifeDifficult Bluetooth pairingSoftware quirksThis is my 7th or 8th Nokia phone and I thought I had done sufficient research before purchasing but apparently not.  I've had this phone 6 days and will probably return it in a week if it doesn't get better.I am a long-time Nokia customer, most recently the E71.  The E71 is a great phone and although I wanted a bigger screen, I might just buy a new one if this E7-00 doesn't work out.This is my first touch-screen phone and all the reasons I didn't want a touch screen are present in this phone.  The saving grace is the keyboard, which has a good feel to it and is very easy to type.  The touch screen is so sensitive that I could blow on it and the keys activate.  Very annoying.  I read somewhere that the sensitivity can be adjusted, but haven't had time to find out if this is true.Upon receipt of the phone on Saturday, I immediately updated to Anna, thinking that would prevent the problems that others complained about.  Unfortunately I think Anna comes with its own set of issues and I don't think that Nokia Customer Care is very forthcoming about.I have played around with the setting for the past few days, getting everything set-up and MAY be using it more trying to get everything setup than I would be as a regular user.  I am trying to justify why the battery life has gone from 36 hours the first day, down to less than 8 on the 5th day.  The only thing that I have running all of the time is Bluetooth.  Wi-Fi is not continually on, internet use is maybe 30 minutes daily, may have 45 minutes of phone conversation daily and send at most 10 texts a day.....That should not account for the ridiculous battery life.I deleted the 3rd home screen and have tried numerous suggestions found on the internet to help with battery life, but so far it is getting worse every day.The biggest problem that I have with this phone is that you cannot hear the wonderful navigation system through the Bluetooth headset, nor apparently a Bluetooth car-kit.  My own research over the past few days tells me that this version of Nokia Maps was designed this way, either listen over the E7 loudspeaker, or the wired headphones that came with the phone.  As I usually have a few kids in my car, it is not an opportune environment for trying to hear anything, especially if you have to hold the phone to your ear, as the loudspeaker is not really loud. And why would I want to have a Bluetooth in my ear for calls and have to connect a wired headset to my other ear to hear the navigation.When I called Nokia to ask about the Bluetooth and Navigation issue, the rep didn't appear to know anything about it.  After allowing her to link up remotely and resetting the phone (losing all of my settings, but not the data) she said that the problem was with my bluetooth and that I needed to get a Nokia Bluetooth headset in order to hear the navigation.  This bothers me on so many levels, the first being that Bluetooth connectivity should be standardized.  Secondly, I don't have the problem on my E71 using any type of Bluetooth.  Why would a higher level and higher priced phone give you fewer options?  Third, why are there so many complaints about this issue, but I have not once seen anyone offer that a Nokia Bluetooth headset will fix the problem.Although I am planning to buy a new Bluetooth (my new Jawbone is soooo uncomfortable), I would be pretty upset if I go through the trouble of buying a Nokia Bluetooth and it still doesn't work with the voice navigation.The Bluetooth issues continue as it is very difficult to pair with this phone.  I've tried a new Jawbone, 2 month old Motorola, and various other Bluetooth from friends...same problem.  It might take 9 or 10 tries before the pairing goes through.  That is unacceptable.And finally the phone is resetting itself on a continual basis when I drive in certain parts of the city.  It might reset 5 or 6 times within 10 minutes.  I don't know if this is the phone, carrier or just my bad luck, but it is very annoying.Update 11/17/11  Phone just died.  Phone is getting hot, cannot power off nor are any of the other buttons active.  Nothing happens when you hold it down for 8- 15 seconds. Screen is white with black lines, almost like an old black & white TV when the horizontal tuning is messed up.  Back it goes to Amazon.  Hate it even more now.  I have NEVER had a problem with Nokia phones before, but this is a piece of junk.

Update - 27th May 2012It has been a year plus of using this phone. I have been tempted to change to another phone but some things keep holding me back. Maybe I am just sentimental. Maybe it is regret that Nokia decided to prematurely abandon the platform, which is actually pretty good.But mostly I just loved the fact that I can tether it to my laptop to access the internet without paying extra smartphone tethering plan / jailbreak / etc.. (for some reason, some telco considered this phone a dumbphone - thus I can use the unlimited data plan for dumbphone. Which is cheaper. WIN!!)++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++This is a good phone. But no gadget is perfect and I will go into the pros / cons. Hopefully this will help those who are on the fence to make up their mind.(Really, the Symbian / Nokia users need not much convincing and are already very aware of the phone; while the android / iOS fans will probably just stick with what they are comfortable with).First, I have been a Nokia / Symbian user for a long time. My wife has an iPhone; so I can appreciate both. Played a bit with android but did not spend too much time with it to give a fair opinion on it. On to the review:What about the Hardware?First, the hardware is very nice and is a major selling point. The OLED screen with 'Clear Black Display' really looks nice on the eye. If people are impressed with 'Retina Display' they should be equally impressed with E7 screen with the vivid color and unparalleled contrast. OLED also draws less power and have tricks with the sleeping screen (check Nokia Beta Labs - Sleeping Screen app).The form factor is another reason to consider E7. For those like me, who prefer a hardware keyboard... Let me say that the keyboard is one of the best. The slide mechanism is solid and impressive too.The GPS function can easily replace a dedicated unit out there. Especially since you can sideload map from all over the world free using the OVI Suite.USB on the Go, HDMI output, QuickOffice offer great flexibility in sharing / viewing / moving your files and media. The media / music player is an included standard feature as well.Do I need to mention that the E7 cover all the international variants of GSM / HSDPA frequency band? This means you can access 3G pretty much all around the world where they are available. (Most other phones cover all the GSM frequency variants but not HSDPA.)In a nutshell, the hardware is a solid five. Some may disagree on the camera though. Being a fixed focus with EDOF (Extended Depth of Field), you will not be able to take close up picture. This is a trade-off for the slimmer body. Still, the picture is usable (I suggest to change the color to vivid and use sharpest setting - the camera processing seems to produce a very subdued picture). You may want to check Nokia N8 if camera is more important to you than a hardware keyboard.What about the software?Symbian^3 is a major step up from the earlier version. Still, to really enjoy it, one has to actually go into it and learn the intricacies. So yes, it is not as intuitive (simple) as iOS. But some may actually prefer the flexibility that comes with this. Here is a couple of tips (things I always do when I get a fresh Symbian phone):- Give accompanying OVI suite a try (try the beta version.. it's faster). I mostly use it as an easy way to tether my laptop (yes sir, big reason why I love unlocked Nokia phone) but some of the other features are nice too.- Update all the firmware / apps.- Reorganize the icons into folder structure that make sense to you. It is a hassle the first time but will make a difference as to how you use the phone. (Option > Organize)- Play around with the setting. (Seriously..)- If you really have to have iOS style interface, you can customize multiple shortcut widgets on your 3 home screens. Frankly, I never see the need to do this.- The search widget is quite useful... but do go to the setting to exclude items that you don't want it to index.Here is a tip... touch and hold is like a mouse right click. It brings up context menu for many items in the phone.What about the apps?Sad to say, this is a major con when it comes to Symbian. If you come from Android / iOS, the first thing you will notice is actually the lack of it. This is especially a concern now since Nokia announcement to transition to Windows Mobile. It makes for less incentive for software developers to further develop apps for the platform.That said, thus far, I am still seeing new apps every now and then. And Symbian is feature rich enough that you don't necessarily miss them. Still, here are a couple apps you should get if you do get the phone.- Opera Mini / Mobile : Trust me, this will make your browsing experience much, much better. Nuff said. (also, please tinker with the setting.)- Swype : You don't really need it for this phone because of the hardware keyboard. But if you are lazy to flip it open.- Gravity : Facebook / Twitter client- JoikuSpot : turn your phone into mobile WiFi HotSpot.- Nokia Internet Radio / Tunewiki : Good for listening to Shoutcast radio.- Try out any of the apps from Nokia Beta Labs / Check out Ovi Store...- If you are adventurous, scour the net for various app out there in the net too (I typically go to allaboutsymbian.com for tips, etc)Frankly, there is not much essential apps to mention for now.. I do wish we have a kindle app for the phone (are you listening Amazon?). Maybe Evernote. And maybe more games too. Again, here is an area where I have to say that I envy my wife and her iPhone.What about the performance?So far, the phone is snappy enough. The only time it sometimes seems to freeze is when I am installing new apps (it will resume to normal if you leave it, I just feel apprehensive whenever that happens).So there you have it. The phone does have potentials. Whether it will meet your needs or not is another. I am done tinkering with my phone for now to make it works the way I want and am quite happy with it.

Es una celular vers&aacute;til capaz de satisfacer todas las demandas que le he exigido hasta ahora. Como equipo de telefon&iacute;a m&oacute;vil, es excelente.

The Nokia E7 is excellent both for the office to the street, the size is good and the screen is sharp, fast connection for both cellular networks and WiFi and separate keyboard helps a lot for long messages.

I bought this phone a month ago and once I turned it on and started turning off and restarting every 5 minutes, I sent it back and got another one, that one completely died (although charged) and would not turn back on, will not even charge! I tried everything with no hope, I'm returning it and waiting for a refund, I don't recommend this at all.

This is an exellent phone. I use it on att network and is works perfect. I enjoy $10 unlimitted data with this plan due to the phone being unlocked. I thought about getting the lumia but decided that it is not worthy to pay $30 for data. This is does a supeeb job if you want to text and surfing the net is an upgrade from n8 i sold to buy this. I enjoyed the camera of N8 but that is it. This takes great pictures outside but not so good inside the home.I will buy another one for my spouse as i'm not too crazy for apps.Overall pretty satisfied with this phone. I would buy again.

Un muy buen equipo, el &uacute;nico inconveniente fue al instalar el skype, no fue sencillo y hay que hacerlo varias veces.

I live in the Caribbean and i dont have full range of services but the ones I do have are great

I have loved my Nokia phones forever. I ordered this E7-00. It has been great until now. I have had it less than a year and now the battery is bad. It's an internal battery and can't be replaced. How depressing.

I ordered and received my Nokia E-7 today. When I took it out of the box, it felt sleek, well built and a little heavier than I thought. Having been an Android person, I was impressed with the ease in setting up my Exchange server e-mail. It was very straight forward as was my regular mail It was a breeze to have it up and working. I was able to find free chat programs, traveler programs, Skype and a few others so far. Obviously the quantity of the programs available does not meet Apple or Android, but I am able to do all that I want with this high quality phone. not having seen the actual phone, I was stunned with its design and feel. I will revisit this after I give it a week or so in actual usage. Nokia phones are well know for their longevity and quality. i expect this one will be as good as my previous Nokia phones.Pete

For the most part, it was great when it worked. As with EVERY other Nokia that I have purchased recently, (I have owned every top model since the N95, besides the N900) I had to return the phone for repairs within a couple of months of receiving it. Now, just outside of the warranty period, the screen has inexplicably died. (It was a screen problem which prompted the first return) At this point I have to say enough! I paid over $600 for this phone last year April, and now have a brick in my hand which Nokia refuses to even look at to attempt a repair, saying I have to send it to a third party repair center who may or may not be able to repair it, but it will cost me $135 to find out. Great job Nokia, however, I think I'll put that money towards a new Iphone, or Blackberry or anything NOT Nokia.

The Nokia E7 is probably the most beautifully designed phone, ever. Everything about its physical appearance simply oozes quality and class, with its smooth lines and curves and the 4-inch Gorilla Glass display. The full QWERTY keyboard hides under the beautiful, bright amoled display, and is revealed by pushing the display into a useful viewing angle. The display moves up into position elegantly and smoothly, not in a stiff, clunky way some other phones might. The Clear Black Display technology that Nokia built into the screen offers up really deep blacks and vivid, bright colors. One can easily use it in bright sunlight. The whole device really is a thing of beauty, and you can fully appreciate how much effort the Nokia designers and engineers put into this phone.CAMERA:  The E7 comes with an 8MP camera that is capable of shooting 720p HD video, although its EDoF (Extended Depth of Field) camera does not, unfortunately, allow good close up photos. Macro is out. But high quality photos, especially outdoors, are most definitely in. There are some good photo and video editors built-in as well.HDMI:  By connecting the included HDMI adaptor to your own HDMI cable to your HD TV, you can watch videos (or anything else) from your E7 on your TV. Amazing.USB and MEMORY:  By connecting the included USB adaptor to your USB stick, you can transfer files to and from the E7 to the USB drive. This is a really useful option and allows you to store huge files (such as movies for that long train ride) outside of the phone to keep it quick and snappy. The E7 does come with 16GB of built-in storage. That may not sound enormous, but I have 250 songs loaded on from iTunes via my Mac, a season of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' and the History Channel's 'The Presidents' and around 2 dozen photos which I haven't transfered to my Mac yet. I still have 11GB free on the E7, so I'm not concerned that it doesn't have a slot for a MicroSD card - I wouldn't use it. It's all about space really. In order to have a whole season of TV shows on there, each episode needs to be reduced in size - remember a 4" screen is a lot smaller than your 56" plasma TV! Having files that are the same size as the originals is just silly. So you get some free software and transcode those movies and shows to fit the device your using it for. Simple really. Just common sense.KEYBOARD:  The keys are perfect in shape and spacing, and it is an utter pleasure to type on the E7's keyboard. Yes, you do have the option to use the on-screen keyboard; if Swype is your thing, download it for free and go for it. 99% of things you type out (SMS, emails, documents, etc) would be most likely be done on the keyboard easiest, so you'd be silly not to utilise it. It is without doubt the best keyboard I've ever used on a phone.NOKIA MAPS:  Nokia is soon to ditch the "Ovi" brand and focus on Nokia being Nokia, which seems to make more sense to me. The Maps software is as excellent as it always was, but the newer versions are more accurate, easier to use, and a fantastic free addition to the E7's capabilities. Voice turn-by-turn is great, but more useful is the fact that once downloaded, you can use the maps to navigate OFFLINE. Going abroad? Use Maps without using data. For free. You won't find that in many other devices! Finding your way, either on foot or by car, is an absolute pleasure using Nokia maps. A brilliant piece of software.APPS:  Out of the box you get QuickOffice, a superb office program that allows you to create and edit documents in Word format. In fact this review is being typed out on my E7, in a QuickOffice doc, which I will copy and then paste into Amazon's review section on the Web, because the E7 allows all of the versatility of document creation, in a similar way a desktop PC/Mac would.  As for other apps, the Ovi Store offers over 50,000 apps, both paid and free. I'm aware that isn't quite the same as some other app stores, but there really is everything you need in there, from games to useful utilities. And it's growing all the time. Of course, nobody wants to download 4 million apps (or 50,000 for that matter!) - nobody has that much memory in their phones! Pick and chose the ones you are really going to use. Some highlights for me are: Angry Birds Rio, Kayak, fMobi (facebook app) Shazam, Skype, YouTube Downloader, Opera Mobile, Nokia Movie Trailers. Out of those, only Angry Birds wasn't free, but it was only $1.99. Also, by visiting the Nokia Beta Labs, you can -for free- try out beta software such as Nokia Drop, Live View (awesome) and the Sleeping Screen. Google them and have a look, it's good stuff going on in the background for Nokia users.SYMBIAN^3 OS:  Much has been said about Symbian, usually in direct comparison with Android and iOS. Is it perfect? No. But no phone software is, so therefore it still gets 5 stars from me. The problems with Symbian are ones of personal taste and preference. It does everything I need it to do, it zips through the menu system, it is pleasant on the eye, and it seems (to me) to make sense. The multi-tasking abilities could be snappier, but they work. It does the job it needs to do. Call quality is outstanding, email and messaging are a breeze, the menu system is a bit outdated but still very accessible, the phone allows many customizing options for wallpapers and ringtones - use your own - and any really annoying aspects such as the Calendar not being up-to-date are all being addressed with the upcoming update called Symbian Anna. It will then be updated once more in the near future with Symbian Belle, which seems to offer even more in the way of UI overhaul, much to great benefit of E7 (and N8) owners. So the future looks good, for now.OVERALL:  I am extremely pleased with this purchase, the Nokia E7 does everything I need a phone to do, and does it all from a design that is elegant and practical. The phone gets 5 stars because, while it has a few shortcomings, these are 1) being addressed in upcoming updates, and 2) ALL mobile phones have their shortcomings.Nokia is now moving away from Symbian to focus its smartphone efforts with Windows Phone. I don't have a problem with that, because realistically I'll be ready for a new phone in 12 months anyway, and by that time Nokia Windows Phones will be very much part of the mobile landscape. If they bring out an E7 lookalike packed with Windows, I'd think about it. But that's for next year, or later. Right now, I'm extremely happy with my Nokia E7, and I know it'll be fully supported for at least the next year or so.I'd highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't follow the pack. You have a choice! Be a sheep and "fit in" with your friends, or get yourself something different, unlocked, reliable, full of capability all wrapped in a pure, perfect design.

Exactly for a enterprise applications you can use this phone, but I would recommend to you to carry on a car charger, electrical charger and USB charger since you will not to know where you will working (unless you are in the office all the day), but on other hand, all apps and the new symbian belle it is all you need.

Whoever sold this phone on Amazon lied about it being a US version.  It was a Spanish version.  This is important because the keyboard is actually different between the two versions.  So although you can set this phone to English, you can't fix a keyboard that doesn't have the US English characters set on it.

I bought this as a present. It looked great when I first saw it, but when I tried whether it worked well, I found its battery problem. The worst part is I can't find a place to fix it.

Before I decided to purchase this phone, I did some extensive research by reading many reviews on Amazon, other websites and saw many many YouTube videos.  Some YouTube videos were of people reviewing the phone on their own, some from Nokia and other reviews from other tech news agencies.When I opened the box and picked up the phone, it totally surprised me, it looks cool, it's a little heavy and feels very nice on my hand.  It's aluminum body makes it feel and look very slick.I've been using this phone for a month now and it has been great.  I just updated the software to Belle which has some great features and it has some cool looking graphics.The only thing I wanted to test right a way, was the on screen keyboard which non of the reviews I saw covered it.  All of them showed the phone with the physical keyboard that is build on the phone.Well, let me tell you that the on screen keyboard is very well put together and it is  very solid.  I don't make many mistakes as I write and now that I have been using it for about a month, I can write much faster and with almost no mistakes at all.The OS is very well put together, works very well on this phone and I have been very happy with it. The Nokia Ovi Store is not rich with apps but it has some good and very useful apps that you can download.  I have download those that are developed by Nokia and they work great.  Maps and GPS works very very well with this phone and it is very accurate.The 8MP camera is great on it, takes very nice looking and very clear pictures!The great thing about this phone, is that it is unlocked! You can use this phone on any GSM network and it is compatible with T-Mobile's 3G and it may be compatible with At&T;'s 3G network as well.  But when I use the internet, it says 3.5G which is as fast and the pages only take seconds to download. The other great thing about this unlocked phone is that if you travel outside of U.S. you can insert a local SIM and avoid using international roaming charges from your U.S. carrier.  Also, the apps do not automatically sync at all times, so it will not use up your data or use up battery power.Also, this phone stands up very well to the competition, it has half of the SD RAM memory and processor speed compared to other phones.  It is very fast and when compared with other popular phones, it will impress you on how fast it is and how easy it is to use the UI on Symbian Belle.The battery is very good on it, it will last about 2-3 days, depending on how much data you use at 3G speed.  But if you switch the phone to the Power Save, it will use 2G and Edge.  This will conserve so much battery power that I used the phone for 4 days, before I had to charge it.Overall, I love this phone and it has been great upgrade form Nokia E73.  When I showed this phone to my friends who use some of the most popular phones today, they were impressed by it's looks, OS and UI.My recommendation would be to do your own research and the best one is from YouTube videos.  You can see the phone in action and see it's functionality.  But if you decide to buy one, you will be surprised when you receive the phone, it feels good on your hand and it looks very slick as I said before!

this cellphone it's awezome, the videocamera who can record in HD it's just amazing, i never saw a cellphone like this, the color and the design it's perfect, it's highly recommended

This phone disappointed me, first the camera with the fixed focus is a piece of s***, and then the OS was not good, and when it got updated it seemed to be nice, the micro USB connector broke and the phone didn't charge anymore... By the time, it was costly and did not meet the expectations...Really Nokia time has passed, now is again the time for motorola, samsung and apple, even LG is better than nokia this days.

I rarely write reviews, especially for products that majority of people know they are good products.  Nokia, though losing marketshare slowly, is still a big player and with many tricks up its sleeve.  The fact that they design a phone for the end users not the networks, is what keeps it a good phone in terms of customization and controls (privacy, tracking, sharing location, etc).The phone is very slick in terms of being a business phone, a bit bulky..but even with forced feedback touch screen, I still have a hard time using the touch screen to type..even on my wife's iPhone..and the iPad...I guess our ability to sense touch compared to sound is better..so I prefer forced feedback (tiny vibration to let you know you are touching the screen as you type).  So bulky...but that's the beauty..it has a QWERTY keyboard with Ctrl+V+X+C functions (copying and pasting stuff for documents, emails, etc).People complaining about the Ovi app store not having enough apps compared to App Store or Droid Market? Well...all of them offer crap apps anyway..so you won't be disappointed.  If you like crappy free apps, or to pay a premium for "better ones -aka no ads" then buy a an iPhone, or Android phone.If you like functionality, business use and ability to still have some fun with your phone...buy this phone.  Great camera (no auto focus....but if you need details up close...buy a real camera).  8MP, HDMI out,  720p video recorder, micro USB to  connect memory stick, office suite (full)....plays all kinds of audio/video formats, it has full version flash (unlike iPhone..who push people to develop apps to display ads..not through flash on sites).The phone itself has many built in security software and other software to keep you buys before buying any apps (tracking, security, locking, etc)Overall...if you remember the communicator (great business phone), this is definitely 100% improvement. And get the Otterbox case for it...you don't want to scratch it:)  Apple and droid have great marketing skills and presentation...but Nokia steals the show....their Symbian OS will be replaced by Windows mobile soon..I am not looking forward to use Ctrl+Alt+Del to login to the phone, but it's not a bad mobile OS.

I Just purchased  a Nokia e7 ,To be honest I was a little worry about the operating system .  I had a Nokia e71 which i like  a lot ,  but  it was not the phone  anymore for the todays man . so I was  looking  for a  replacement . Checked the  iphone 4 , which was nice and well build , but lack some high end capabilities , Ex: no flash support  and media was totally  tied up to i tune... monopoly !!! ,  I checked Android phones  which was much more flexible with their operating system , but had  some really crappy phones . Them i decide to take a look on the Nokia phones again and there were great reviews on Nokia N8 and  E7  as far as hardware is concerned  , but just as much complaints  on the software  part .  So i Thought!,the  E7 is  too  gorgeous not  at least give a try  !! ,So ,I order the  E7 and got it in the mail with in  2 days ... impressive ! By the moment i opened the box , WOW !!!what a beautiful device !, I tried it out and it was quite fast .Because some negative reviews I expected a slow device due to the 680 MHz processor  , but not so !! it is  snappy  enough for most users . And the new Operating  System Anna is very smooth as well .So here is the list :fast , good on Battery , Build right ( aluminum Body ) and Beautifully made ? , Are you kidding me !! . How  about apps ???  for most people 50.000 apps ate the Ovi store is more than enough to keep then productive.  Verdict ! NOt saying that the  Iphone and the Android Devices aren't good . But as far as Call clarity .Battery Life and Sturdy build , they just can beat Nokia. !!!! And with  the Symbian Belle arriving in a few moths . i think that  Nokia will Rock again !Make your own decision. but as off today Nokia is building great devices! .

Great hardware. The build quality of the Nokia is unparalleled. Having said that, I have to admit that the phone fails completely when it comes to software. I'm returning my phone since basic capabilities are turning into nightmares. Hopefully microsoft should come up with a solution to this excellent piece of hardware.

UPDATE: 12/12/2011: I have been having trouble with the maps lately. It would not work no matter what. Also the phone died all of a sudden today.I have been using Nokia phones for the past 15 years approx. I have used 3301, 3510, 3510i, e63, e71 and now this. I also have used Android phone for over a year. So I can say I am not new to smart phones and definitely not new to Symbian. I have had this phone for 2 months now.I bought this phone because of my confidence in Nokia. They make amazing phone designs and solid build. Nothing can compare to the build quality on this phone. Nothing! The screen is big and very very clear. Keyboard is out-of-this-world awesome. The design is killer. You put this phone of the conference table and see the eyes rolling, it is that kind of a beast. So I give 10/10 points to Nokia for their design sense which almost all other phones (except iPhone) lack.Phone has a less powerful processor but that is because Symbian does not need high processing speed. Android requires a high processing power so those phones have higher speed processors. You will not find any delays on the phones but the whole Symbian OS is slow when installing new apps. Once installed, they run fine. The menus do not have any noticeable lag even with their animations.I'll put down the pros and cos now to make it easier for you to decide if you want to buy this phone.PROS:The KEYBOARD (10/10) is unparalleled. You will not find a better keyboard on a phone. Period! One thing to notice however, is that slide out keyboard is at times less convenient but on board virtual keyboard is there for you in such situations.GPS (10/10) in this phone beats Google maps by a long margin. It is one of the best navigation devices I have ever used, and the count includes GPS only devices as well. Remember, it is in a phone and what you get is a fully functional voice guided navigation through world largest map company, which is now owned by Nokia. You can have navigation speak in your voice or in many languages. You will also be able to use the GPS if you go abroad since Nokia has navigation and guided maps for a large number of countries, compared to competitors, that have it for US and Canada only.The SCREEN (10/10) is very clear even in bright sunlight. It is seriously clear. It adjusts itself so if you are inside it will be less bright but if you go to well lit area or under the sun it go's brighter. Many phone these days can not be used in direct sunlight. This one can be used without a problem. Clear black is Nokia's technology that makes black look like black on the screen. It is a really good addition. You will love the blacks on this phone.Best MULTITASKING(10/10). You can close an app after using it since all apps have an "Exit" option in the menu item which removes the app from the memory.One of the best EMAIL CLIENTs (10/10) that you can find on any phone. It almost looks like outlook in your hands. Very smooth, fast, efficient and connects with Exchange like a charm. You can have upto 10 Email accounts linked and you can set different sync frequency for each one of them. For the main Exchange account you can tell your working hours and the phone will remain in sync (all the time) for your working hours and then you can set it to sync every 15mis/30mins/1hour, as you like, in non-working hours. I think it is simply wonderful.BATTERY (8/10) on this phone is okay. It will get you through the day with heavy use easily but you can not remove it yourself.This phone SAVES YOUR DATA (10/10) since it downloads all the maps on your phone and then, even if you do not have a data plan, you can still use the GPS. It rocks! You will notice a decrease in your data usage once you shift to this phone.CONS:The BIGGEST(06/10) downside to this phone (and I hate to say this) is Symbian^3 which was later upgraded to Symbian Anna. I am not an Android or Apple fan for many reasons. One of the biggest reason is that you do not have much control on the device on Apple. Android gives you that control but it does not have good phone functionality. After all, what you want is a phone first. So, Symbian gives you a good phone with one of the best wireless stack out there BUT an outdated interface. It restarts often. Sometimes it gets annoying. I hope this will get better with Symbian Belle update but only time will tell. Symbian Belle is supposedly coming to the US around January (unofficial). Nokia will now be shipping phones with Windows OS so many people are afraid they will stop supporting Symbian but I doubt since millions of Symbian phones are out there and Nokia will lose their reputation if they stop supporting Symbian. I think they will keep up the support for at least 5 more years. That is just a guess.Many people use a lot of APPS (04/10). I don't! So I do not mind much if there is a pathetically low number of apps available for this phone. Nokia needs to pay banks, insurance companies and other giants to get apps made for them. This can easily be the biggest setback for many people. The installer was down right lazy and slow when I started using the phone but with Anna update and another updates few days ago, installer is better, much better!!!Overall, this is a great phone. If you buy it, give it few days and it will grow on you. You will not want to return it afterwards. BUT if you are app-crazy, this phone is not for you. This is a serious phone and helps in managing your work life like no other.

I'm a loyal Nokia user. I purchased this phone because of the touch screen plus QWERTY keyboard. I'm already used to most of the other Nokia features, so in addition to the larger screen and QWERTY keyboard, that's why I like it. I just hate that I can't easily change the battery, sometimes my cheek hangs up the calls (I just need to lock the screen), it's pretty heavy (but sturdy feeling), and the sound quality isn't that great (so it's better to use the headset to hear clearly). My phone also does this thing where it won't unhold calls when I answer the other line. That, I don't know how to fix, but I just don't answer the other call. hah.

It's a really nice mobile set. The problem is that many apps are still not developed for the OS, as they are for iPhone. Nokia is trying to catch up in the mobile market with this model and that's clear.Batteries don't last long - the phone uses them quickly. One has to get used to the menus reachable on screen and by pressing the menu button. You get different things and it takes a while to learn what comes up when. A little pricy for all your getting.Nevertheless, it's a solid phone. Quality design, fairly easy use of keyboards (physical and virtual - both horizontal and vertical), the camera is excellent and you can edit pics quite well on the mobile.If you're using this phone in US, it won't get you as far as in Europe. If you're used to iPhone, you won't get used to this one. But if you're upgrading any other model of cell phone and you're not an Apple fanatic, then this is a very good choice.

I really like the idea of this phone but I won't buy it because it doesn't have an SD-card slot, or an FM transmitter, like the N8 does. It seems like a downgrade. I wish this was a N8 with a keyboard.

Let's start off with the good things.1. The flip keyboard is awesome.2. It has an HDMI cable.3. LOTS of space.4. Good for business.5. VERY good battery.NOW the bad things.1. For me, it has a terrible camera. Front and Back.2. It doesn't really have much appliances.3. It freezes up sometimes.4. It is very hard to change and find settings.5. You can't have a password on there.I'm not sure if i would recommend this phone, but if you are looking for a qwerty keyboard with long lasting battery, this is the one.

I have already bought the phone from amazon.com. I was wondering that how would you claim the warranty if anyting goes wrong. In the packet, there was just a warranty packet. Please help me find out about the warranty. Thank You

I've been already using the Nokia E7 for more than one month, and I must say I'm very happy with it. It is not perfect, but nothing to do with all the bad press about Nokia and Symbian.Comparing Side to Side to the iPhone, well, iPhone's 4 screen resolution is significantly better, but the E7's screen is larger. I was a bit disappointed with that, because I had been using the Nokia C7 Astound before and the resolution of that little one is awesome.However, for me this is not critical. I love the sliding keyboard and the design. It let's me operate like a mini-computer when I'm traveling. Great to answer emails and even check some power point presentations and PDF documents on the go.Quality of the camera is excellent for both pictures and video. I have not yet used the HD output though, but friends with N8 have used it and if you like those things, then you are fine.I was surprised that E7 doesn't have Micro-SD memory card expansion slot (at least I didn't find it). I didn't expect that, so you are locked to the 16GB internal memory (not too bad).Battery is as one can expect from a Smartphone like this. If you use it a lot, it may not last over the day. But keeping it connected to USB cable to my laptop keeps it charged over the working day.My Apple follower friends will say that it is because I'm not used to iPhone, but the performance of the operating system doesn't seem too bad to me. I downloaded a few applications which are a must for me. Maybe less options than with iPhone, but who cares.One must is "Opera Browser": Nokia's browser still lacks a lot in performance. But if you install free Opera Browser you have a decent browser with not much to envy from Safari. BTW. You can play flash and watch videos inserted in newspaper's web with both browsers. Even played some online flash game (although a bit slow). Try that with the iPhone ;-)BTW. If you don't need the big screen, or the keyboard, and you want something smaller & cheaper but still great. The Nokia C7 Astound for me is GREAT. The form factor is "Perfect". Very good resolution, incredible camera and good battery life. You don't even feel you have it in your pocket, but still has a decent size screen. For a small portion of the price of an iPhone. I'd really consider this phone (I'd have it if it wasn't because I want the physical the keyboard)

Too much choices... After 2G iPhone, Palm Pre2 i finally came back to Nokia and their Symbian Devices. First to a E75, which is still my 2nd phone for the weekends (small, durable, with keypad - serves all my demands!). The E7 is, for me, the No.1 business phone. Large display, Keypad and a energy efficient operating system. Connections to Exchange and our intranet are very easy configured and fully operational (incl. setting calendar entries with ALL Outlook features!!!). The convinient Keypad gives full control over the typed communications without typos in every second word (i'm to stupid to use the virtual keypad).With Symbian Anna a great device, and at least Belle is coming in Fall.+: Keypad, large AMOLED display, business functions, limited apps (Gameboy time is over - and OVI Maps, Google Maps, Tripadvisor and lots more are available - sorry no App junkie here), longlasting battery-: missing SD Card - bad camera, battery not exchangeable

The phone when it worked was a great phone, as an only Nokia user for over 15 years (I upgraded to the E7 from the N97, and before that the N95). Other than freezing at times, which some reviewers have found problematic (you need to reset when frozen, by pressing the power button down for 10 seconds). My complaint is that a major flaw to this phone is that the Micro USB charger/data port is designed very poorly.  After a while of owning this phone, I had a difficult time charging the phone because the charging cable would not fit correctly, you would have to jiggle the cord in order to charge the phone. To make a long story short, the USB port finally broke off, a month after the warranty expired.  Nokia would not help nor did they care about the issue, because the warranty expired. As of this post, it is out for repair at a Nokia third party authorized repair shop at my expense.  Based on my research, and looking on Nokia's own discussion board - - - this is a common problem with this phone.Like I said, I was a great phone when it worked, but the Micro USB connector is poorly designed. I would suggest looking at different phones, because in the long run, it may cost you more with repairs.

I had been longing to buy a good unlocked phone for quite a while. Had been keenly following all the models wrt price, performance & features available. It so happened that Amazon had a price reduction for E7 one day ($110 reduction than regular listed price) and I instantly ordered one. I did not actually see the phone physically (funny none of the US stores have this model on display) before buying and had to go with the reviews/videos/pics posted on the internet . And Im glad that I did !!  With all these nokia features for the price, I could'nt ask for a better phone. The handset feels solid and it seems the touchscreen is too sensitive (have to get used to that, being a user of nokia 5800 ).... Since I've arrived to the US 10 months back, I have been using nokia Ovi maps on my 5800 (never had the need to buy a GPS device), to navigate throughout California & Nevada, and from my experience, the turn by turn navigation on it really rocks !!. On the e7, the gps receiver works indoors and the maps are more crisp. In addition to that you have the option of downloading all the needed apps from ovi store....All in all, a very good phone at a very competitive price.

Bought in August and now earpiece is rattling, cant hear voice on call clear enough to understand, using loud speaker. Restarts itself often. Battery life is worst, wont last 10 hours sitting on my desk, only use of 12 text. Emailed nokia for support, 4 days no answer. Called customer support, they said i have to send it to nokia, it could take 7 to 10 days for service, they wont send me any other phone to use till then. have to stay without phone for 10 days.I will return it if they accept returns. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

I bought this phone in May 2011 and was generally very happy with it (although my friend, an IT expert had so many problems with his that it had to be replaced within the first week).I liked the large screen and the key board and the software on mine (unlike my friend's) was OK although occasionally a bit slow.  In short, I was happy with the purchase for 5 months.  HOWEVER things went terribly wrong in October.The screen stopped operating (but the phone could still be turned on and off) so I took it into NokiaCare in Western Australia for warranty repairs.  They denied warranty, saying that the phone had been subjected to "liquids ingression" and "corrosion".  I told them I had NEVER spilt liquids on it of any kind, had never lent it to anyone else who could have done that and would provide a sworn statutory declaration to that effect but they said there was no need for that and that "Your warranty is void"!At my request, they sent it to their "independent" testing place and I got an email, with photos, showing 2 separate areas of distinct corrosion.  I am not a corrosion expert but it seemed to me, knowing that the phone had NOT been subjected to liquids ingression in the 5 months I had it, that Nokia must have had a problem in the manufacturing of this phone which has led to later corrosion, since:1.  one corrosion spot was very small and discrete - looking like one of the chips had been touched in one corner with perhaps one drop of something very corrosive;2.  the 2nd area was different - more extensive and diffuse - and appeared to have been there for a long time.Nokia could not tell me what caused the corrosion or how long it had been there, nor would they explain the differing appearance of the 2 areas of corrosion.I have never made a warranty claim on Nokia before.  My only experiences with Nokia are:(a) I was previously a satisfied customer of several of their models; with no complaints;(b) my wife's Nokia has an intermittent fault and she (coincidentally) recently made her first warranty claim on Nokia, and Nokia rejected that claim too - saying the warranty did not apply because they alleged the phone had been dropped - but it hadn't!I will never buy a Nokia product again (nor will my wife).  I am convinced they have some manufacturing issues causing these problems but it is not feasible for me to prove that.

I'm happy with my purchase. Only thing is it drains out the battery pretty quick when navigating and using apps.  It is recommended to buy a power pack with it.

In spite every person saying that nokia phones are obsolete now, I just bought an E7 and realize that the looks of the phone is great. the size, the colors and the screen are awesome.In 1 week of use, the only downside of this phone is that it takes a long time to install certain apps but I solved just connecting it to the  pc  via usb (don't know why but works).I thought that there were going to be very few apps but my friends using android have, if not the same, similar apps, so, the apps are not a problem.The camera is great, is not the N8's but my previous phone was the E75, so, it's a big advance.Hope it helps you decide or al least consider this phone.

Nokia E71 is probably the best Nokia phone ever made (see the 300+ Nokia E71 reviews on Amazon);  this long awaited new E7 will be a massive success as well;  massive screen real estate; full QWERTY; HDMI out etc -  this is the phone that will have the honor of  replacing my 3 yr old E71.

I write from Guatire Venezuela, I was so scare to bought this phone for the others reviews writen in this page, but I take the risk, the phone the first week have some issues, but it came with symbian 3 and some times frozen and the gps restart the device, the problem solves installing symbian Anna, whiht Anna the phone runs so good, but now I put the Symbian Belle and this cellular ROCKS!! The Gps works so good in Venezuela is free and the guidance for voice is adecuate, have some mistakes like a meters of diference but nothing serious, the qwerty keyboard make the type easy, don't come the "&ntilde;" but this is easy type whit two key. The display is sharp and the touch is very accurate, don't be scared when open the box and dont' see the battery, this come integrated on the device. For last, sorry for my english. I love Amazon and this phone, both are wonderfull!!!!

Have my Nokia E7-00 for two weeks now...and loving every moment of it...In the beginning I couldn't access OVI store or set up emails but after I emailed Nokia , those features started working the next day. Five stars for the keyboard..easy to text and very durable..just open it from the side edges and youre fine...great security features overall best phone i've had to date.

best phone ever the fastest and cant thank this person enough I was so shocked and amazed on how quick and right on the product was. I am glade I was able to get this and I love it soooo much
