
Excelente atenci&oacute;n por parte del vendedor. Los blackberry son muy buenos, excelentes funciones b&aacute;sicas. El envi&oacute; fue muy r&aacute;pido y satisfactorio.

el producto llego en buenas condiciones, desde que lo compre le coloque el chip de digitel y funciona perfectamente en 3G recomiendo al proveedor es responsable

Very nice and sleek phone, works great with AT&T in US and PCCW in Hong Kong. All the Apps are fast to download and can use Pandora Radio as well. Does not support HD so you cannot stream TV programmes on it with a clear resolution.Blackberry is still the best choice if you'd like to protect your e-mail privacy while traveling, very impressed with the Blackberry Support services worldwide.

creo que el producto segun los comentarios que lei antes de comprar decia que funcionaba bien para las bandas 3G de movistar y movilnet venezuela y por eso lo compre, pero el que me llego a mi trae las bandas 1, 4 , 8 que aqui en venezuela funciona para digitel

The title says: Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - International Warranty - Black.  I looked for 9100 because the keyboard, that it is Qwerty......but 9100 it isn't.  I bought it from Guayaquil-Ecuador, and just received it today at home........I am quite disappointed by this..........The time was good, but the product it is not what I want..........

i bought a cellphone in this store that i can't use in venezuela because is reported for theft, and i wrote to them cause i wanted my money back or another cellphone and they never answer me. So don't buy anything with them

compre este cel desde venezuela nuevos y me llegaron usados y he reclamado sin respuesta tengan cuidado a hacer sus compras

This is a great phone, as all Blackberry products are when new, BUT how does Amazon let unscrupulous merchants ell used stuff as new? Its no fair. Period. No sale.

Product Refurbrished, and I expected a new device. Not very Recommended. The shipping was fast and secure. Great price but I don't like that the cellphone outside refurbrished. Bad Bad Bad.

this have work good yet from the time i get it am so mad and i live all the way in barbados

Es un prodcuto de calidad, con buenas funcionalidades, es recomendablee para la gamma media de los mismos!... enjoy! Gracias :D

Friend this phone came locked, was not the product I purchased came from another operator that is no longer used in Venezuela, I want to give me some money I spend on this equipment.

pues si bien tube unos inconvenientes, no me puedo quejar en tlf trae todas sus cosas en la caja ademas traia una funda :D y viene liberado lo tengo en Digitel en vzla y trabaja excelente si ningun problema!

El envi&oacute; me lo realizaron r&aacute;pidamente a courier. Cumplieron con la eficiencia requerida. Mi producto lleg&oacute; tal cual lo esperado a Venezuela.

Todo muy bien, los 2 equipos llegaron en muy buen estado y funcionaron de maravilla en Venezuela. probado en movilnet y movistar GRACIAS

VERY GOOD PHONE JUST ARRIVE ON TIME, AND IN THE CONDITIONS AS DESCRIBED. I RECOMMEND IT, THE PHONE IS SMALL COMPACT AND IT HAS THE EVERYTHING I NEED IN A BLACKBERRY. GOOD PHONE WORKS WELL IN SOUTH AMERICA

no me puedo quejar de esta compra es liviano ,hermoso y muy buen telefono de la serie blackberry sin duda que gusta muchoi

Este telef no sirve pa un sevillo con movilnet da mucho error en las llamadas... Compresense un Vergatario Viva Chabe mer webo todos pehh.

desde venezuela valencia, el telefono presenta inconvenientes con el sofware no funciona ahi que hacerle un monton de cosas para que funcione. en fin es un mal producto...! y el vendedor es un un completo inresponsable.

Phone bought as new, and four months later it stopped working at all, when i sent it to technical service it was a refurbished phone.

The phone came defective. The part where the media buttons was loose, but if everything else was in perfect condition.

sometimes it works fine, other rtegular

excellent product comes with all accessories, arrived on time and is brand new and trouble free operating system or hardware

No recomiendo para nada este vendendor compre el celular hace aprox un mes y dejo de funcionar cuando lo lleve a revisar, me dijeron que el mismo era reconstruido y no tiene los sellos oficiales de RIM ademas la bateria era generica y por eso el celular no agarra carga ni enciende. En resumen una porqueria!!!

El vendedor es un completo inutil, nounca despacho el producto, la fecha de entrega era el 17 de noviembre y hasta el dia de hoy nunca llego, al menos pude recuperar mi dinero llamando directamente a amazon de no ser asi hubiera sido estafado, no les recomiendo comprar a este vendedor......

david yo compre el blackberry 9100 y el que me llego fue el 9105, que paso? yo queria el 9100, yo estoy en orlando como hacemos para cambiarlo?

compre el telefono desde venezuela, y el telefono no agarra carga esta da&ntilde;ado tan solo tengo dos dias con el telefono

Good phone works well in south americaVery good phone just comes a time, and the conditions described. I recommend it, the phone has everything you need in a BLACKBERRY. good phone

This product was not new, it was refurbished and sold as new. It broke after about 2 weeks and I've spent more money fixing it than what it cost.Terrible, Do Not BUY!

compre este celular desde Venezuela, llego super rapido y en perfectas condiciones, nuevo con todos sus accesorios, le coloque mi slimcard de movistar y funciona perfectamente, levanta 3G.

I feel disappointed and cheated with this purchase. I bought a Pearl 9100 (QWERTY keyboard) and I received a PEARL 9105 (ABCD keyboard). It happened also to my brother who purchase the same product at the same time I did. I'm realizing now (really too late), it has happened also to many people.AMAZON should stop and block this company, ALPHA1 SALES, because they are scamming people.

I was looking for a phone to replace my 6 y.o. Motorola SLVR. Key was unlocked quadband, portable (i.e. SIM can be switched easy), light, small, and decent battery life.For email I use my iPod Touch and that is great. The new phone could be helping with that, too, i.e. smartphone so I would forgo the iTouch.I knew the iPhone is the best smartphone out there but Apple keeps p!@# me off with the micro Sim and locking (even if jailbroken, the micro SIM is limiting, cannot cut the big foreign SIMs). I would have bought that long ago if I could travel with it (no,I will not pay for international roaming, nor I have data plan). Also, having to recharge (and carry the charger) all the time does not suit when you are on a bus in Asia or Europe.Once I knew I need a separate device, anyway (Touch) small size became greater factor.Pros:- does exactly what I had: phone, can check email (after some hassle, on IMAP), can check stock quotes, can check Word an Excel (that needs application registration).- battery life is certainly better then the touch on wifi (browsing, email, talk, roughly 3 days span, perhaps 6-7 hrs altogether). I do not know standby: i use the phone.- size: barely bigger than the SLVR and packs much more.Cons:- does not do more than what I had before. The smarts are not enough to forgo carrying my laptop (when I have room) or touch (when I take my two year old and wish not to fumble with the bags through int'l borders).- the BB products use data plan (sorry, that is a no). I found a freeware email client for wifi and Opera mini is a better browser but seriously. My company does not pay for my usage.- I went for the QWERTY, try if works on the 2-for-1 key. Well, it does but not the greatest. Could have bought the regular phone keys (9105) and use T9. works, but for a phone no need.- I did NOT get the 2GB micro SD that should have been included (according all to all sites). Not missing too much but hey. Would have used for saving documents (this is a business phone).Star off for:- forcing data plan (BB specific). The 3rd party products available do not support embedded html email.- downloaded BB Maps (it has GPS, wonder how this works). the BB application simply does not launch. From the BB site. I will never know the GPS works?all this should be intuitive. I will google/etc to solutions but this should not take the better part of my week. On the pictures,conclusion: The BB will do just fine as a substitute. Until the "smartphones" will really grow up to serious use.

Necesito que me envien el producto con urgencia! estan tardando demasiado, y no estan cumpliendo con lo establecido, por favor, envienme el producto!I need to send the product urgently! are taking too long, and are not complying with the provisions, please send me the product!

Excellent product work perfrctly 3g with movilnet and movistar hete in Venezuela.Excelente producto, funciona a la perfeccion levanta 3g con movilnet y movistar aqui en Venezuela...

The first phone that arrived had troubles charging, so I had to send it back and got another one in about 5 days. It was good to know that they are a serious company. The second phone was working perfectly, but soon it started having problems with the case falling apart and also the keyboard. The phone has been working perfectly without considerating that problems.

RECOMIENDO A ESTAS PERSONAS SON DE CALIDAD, UNA BUENA ESPERIENCIA AMABLES MUY ATENTOS A LOS DETALLES. LA MAYOR CALIFICACIO PARA ELLAS LOS RECOMIENDO 100% DESDE VENEZUELA

the item is new and all its properties in use, the packaging of the article very well.very good in general lines

the battery doesn't work, i bought another and it either doesn't work. the case came damaged, a disaster. not recommendable

Un gran tel&eacute;fono, compacto, nuevo y con todas las funciones, 3G, Wifi, Camara. Todo Perfecto. Lo compre y es usado en Venezuela con linea Movistar y funciona todo muy bien

Now I have a separate media player,so using this blackberry for a media player makes no sense.bbm works great and email works great.so as with all other blackberrys..this is a 1 trick pony that works well.if you want a media phone,buy an iPhone or a Motorola droid or Samsung.

Me lleg&oacute; bien pero con el detalle que los adaptadores del cargador no funcionan en Venezuela. Es muy buen tel&eacute;fono.

La  entrega fue rapida, lo acordado al momento de hacer la compra, el telefono excelente, cumplio al maximo mis expectativas, muy satisfecha con la compra, recomiendo este cliente. Gracias por todo.

GRAN TELEFONO ESCRIBO DESDE VENEZUELA Y ESTA MUY CHEVERE LEVANTA 3G CON MOVILNET UN TELEFONO MUY RECOMENDADO RAPIDO. EXLENTE VENDEDOR

I just got the phone, but the Optical Trackpad stopped working a few hours after using it ... it was my wife's gift for san valentine`s day ... I feel terrible. I would like to know if you have a store here in Caracas - Venezuela for me to take it and have it checked ...

Has anyone ever had problems activating one of these UNLOCKED phones on a Network? I am having difficulty activating the phone. When a sim was inserted a phone message said that the sim was locked and it further asked for the Network's MEP code to unlock it. Use of the word UNLOCKED may be misrepresenting this particuler phone's functional abilities.  Has anyone had a similar experience? How did you resolve this issue?

I actually wanted to buy the 9105, but this cellphone is awesome too. It works perfectly with 3G operators in my country (Movilnet + Movistar). No problems at all and even though I was reluctant to but any Blackberry for a long time, it turns out to be a very fast phone with incredible features. I recommend this to anyone (but particularly to Venezuelan buyers).

no compren en esta tienda!!! page por un telfono nuevo y me enviaron uno todo remendado, las teclas no sirven por que las pegaron con silico, cuando llamo no se escucha bien, no agarra bien la carga porque el conector esta flojo, no lo use de inmediato apenas tengo dos semanas usando el equipo y no sirve para nada!! primera vez que me pasa algo como esto en amazon ... provca demandarlos por ser tan estafadores.not shop at this store! page for a new phone and sent me an all patched, the keys do not work for that stuck with silico, when I call do not hear well, not well attached to the load because the connector is loose, do not use it right away once I have two weeks using the equipment and is useless! first time something like this happens to me on amazon ... provca &#8203;&#8203;sue for being so scammers

El env&iacute;o fue inmediato.Sobre el telefono, s&oacute;lo le coloqu&eacute; el chip y funcion&oacute; sin ning&uacute;n problema, las funciones de Blackberry se las configuraron desde un agente Movilnet sin problema :)

MUY CONTENTO CON ESTE EQUIPO, LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES, SOLO LO ACTUALICE LE COLOQUE EL CHIP DE MOVISTAR Y FUNCIONO MUY BIEN, LO RECOMIENDO.

This is a petite and sleek data non smart phone that fails to open selected sites outside wifi territory.  I picked and added, from the built in menu, an internet radio and finance sites to the application; but I could not stream them when I take the phone to a place where there is no wifi.  I get a message, " there is insufficient network coverage to process your request.. internet browser unable to open." The frustration and disappointment, however, painfully kick in when I go back to a wifi area and discover that those sites which I can open before are now frozen.  I have to open the back of the phone, remove the battery and carefully replace it on its tight compartment to get the juice flowing again.From 1 to 10 ratings, I'm giving it a 4.

En Colombia funciona super bien....apenas meto la simcard de movistar no tiene lio en agarrar se&ntilde;al y demas...Super bueno el producto.

este tlf me lo vendieron reportado no le sirve el pin y no levanta 3G solo lo hace con Digitel

Al colocarle la SIM card (tarjeta) se conecta a Digitel de inmediato (a EDGE) desde Chacao- Caracas pero entiendo que la otra conexion ofrecida (y no disponible) es mas rapida...

Unlocked!! Very fast (compared with 8100 pearl model), came with its accesories, skin case, memory, etc... Unlocked to Venezuelan Movilnet 3G with no problems, upgradable to 6 os software!!

Hi allMy Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - International Version - Black (Purchased on June 14, 2012) has been an excellent tool which is compact, neat and nice.However, can you tell me where is can get a key pad for this device,the "number 3 key with the letters i and u has come out recently and is missing.Ruth Brice

excelente equipo... todas las funciones trabajan perfectamente, aqui en venezuela agarra las 3 operadoras sin ningun problema... lo recomiendo para todos aquellos que vivan por aca!!!

I recently bought a cellular phone (blackberry 9100 pearl 3G)using this company, but after a week the cell phone is not working anymore, I took the phone to a specialist and told me that the phone was used and nothing can be done to fixe it!!!!!I would return it but since I am living in Venezuela it is going to cost me a lot of money to return the product. It is amazing how this company is selling used phones as new ones and amazon is doing anything!! I have spent a lot of money buying in Amazon but next time I will think twice before buying something from amazon.

good morning I am writing to inform me that I have sent the phone and purchase resalize 10 days ago and it took me

the phone is very good hope to reach our hands because we are in Venezuela thanks for you time bye

Today, a bit more of 5 months of my purchase in this store... I had to make technical service to the phone... And the guy told me that phone WAS NOT A NEW phone... 2 problems had it... No light in the keyboard and the battery no charge... The phone was manipulated inside before they sold to me...But... I cant believe that they have sold me a phone WAS NOT A NEW PHONE...I hope Amazon have some sort of sanction to these stores that do not deliver what they offer...

Recomiendo a FGS Trading y Amazon por excelente Producto!La compra de los 2 equipos (Nuevos),Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - Unlocked Phone - Black. Fue muy satisfactoria, ya que me llego a Venezuela en muy buen estado y debidamente empaquetado con todos sus accesorios y se configurar&oacute;n para dos operadoras diferentes sin ninguna complicaci&oacute;n (Movistar - Movilnet).Saludos! Desde Venezuela.

I really liked my blackberry, I received it in perfect condition the only problem I had is that I sent the memory card, do not understand that if a few weeks before I buy, I had bought my mother and came with all its accessories including memory card and the box was a bit large for the size of the package

buen tel&eacute;fono lo recomiendo me llego tal cual como se muestra en la foto, con todos sus accesorios y desbloqueado totalmente nuevo

This product i got damaged, the first day he served and the other was turned off, and did not work more

hola, necesito la factura para que me puedan enviar el telefono a venezuela. lo mas pronto posible por favor, envienme la factura en digital ami correro jcrodriguez1601@hotmail.com

I've had this phone for just over six months and it is a piece of crap. The screen is popping out and the plastic casing has broken off in numerous places. The center button just stopped working making it extremely hard to access applications on my phone.Blackberry 9100 Pearl 3G Unlocked Phone with 3 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Optical Trackpad and GPS - International Version - Black

Recomiendo al vendedor y el telefono se recibio lo que fue ofrecido funciona perfecto en venezuela levanta 3G en movilnet y movistar

Es un telefono excelente;`c&oacute;modo, de calidad y versatil; sin embargo tiene un gran problema; se trata de el puerto de carga el cual se da&ntilde;a con facilidad

hello i have a problem with the bb i bought, the PIN does not exist so the blackberry messenger doesnt work im in Ecuador i dont know how i can fix this problem. Please answer me

t really fascinated me the phone, right size for women, unobtrusive and easy to use, comes with the programming of most social networks, light. perfect

The product turned out a complete scam, was reported stolen so you can not activate blackberry service that, not to mention being reported means it is used and sold as new.Unfortunately I lost my money and my confidence in these purchases, although in a second conversation I asked the phone back with a commitment to drawback I have no confidence to do it, if they acted in bad faith the first time to sell a product with these conditions, which guarantee exists that will meet his word this time, and then again to lose more time and money because the return shipping would have to cover

El 9100 pearl es un tel&eacute;fono compacto y discreto con las mismas funciones de otros dispositivos m&aacute;s voluminosos y pesados. El procesador es r&aacute;pido, se puede desplazar por el men&uacute; de una manera r&aacute;pida, adem&aacute;s la conexi&oacute;n se efect&uacute;a en pocos segundos. La c&aacute;mara tiene buena resoluci&oacute;n. En suma , estoy muy contenta con mi adquisici&oacute;n!!!

Dis phone did not last my daughter no time guess it was a refurbish phone and they stated it was new

The battery is not this blackberry and this looks like a blackberry repowered not fair this is poor.Este producto no es el de la descripcion trajo una bateria que no es la de este tipo de blackberry y parece un equipo repotenciado

I recently bought a phone blackberry 9100. In the Technical details of the product it clearly states "Quad-band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/900/1800/1900 frequencies and US/International 3G compatibility via 800/850/1900/2100/ 1700/2100 MHz, UMTS/HSDPA plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities" The phone I received is not compatible with all 3G bands as stated. It only gets the EDGE but not the 3G as advertised. better check this issue before buy.. I am dissapointed this fact was not stated.

Buen producto. A pesar que he tenido problemas con la memoria de aplicaciones. Al utilizar mucho el BB Messenger esta aplicaci&oacute;n se hace lenta y se hace imposible abrir fotos, posiblemente sea el Sistema Operativo.

es un excelente telefono aca en venezuela funciona muy bien tine muy buena resolucion de camara y excelente tiempo de grabacion muy buenas imagenes

I am very pleased with the 9100, it's small but powerful! The phone is perfect for a regular use of the Internet as the navigation is very fast, mainly due to its 3G feature. The only issue is the use of its querty keyboard, since with two letters per key, is not very easy to dominate (at least for me). Para los amigos en Venezuela, levanta 3G para Movistar y Movilnet, ya que trabaja con las bandas 1, 2, 5 y 6 (Movistar y Movilnet usan la banda 2 = 1900 Mhz), pero para Digitel s&oacute;lo levanta EDGE (Digitel usa la banda 8 = 900 Mhz).

VERY GOOD PRODUCT, NO PROBLEM AT ALL, MY KID IS ENJOYING IT.THESE PHONES SHOULD BE VERY RELIABLE TO BE USED BY KIDS THAT SPEND THE WHOLE DAY TEXTING

muy costoso el celular blackberry ya hay mucho otros modelo mas nuevo que este, para que este, tan costoso ok

El producto se entrego en la fecha prevista y cuenta con las caracteristicas ofrecidas, no tengo quejas con el blackberry

el celular llego rapido y en buen estado es un excelente celular lo disfruto mucho y lo recomiendo para que lo compren

eselente article Iin time get goodquality Irecommend it withrespect to theteam brings allattachmentswithout ratherthan makingreference I saygoodbye carefullycarlos Venezuela

I need urgent help, the PIN does not work. The cell was tested in Venezuela and Panama and the PIN does not work. The edge is not put in capital letter. So you can not use the chat with blackberry. You can call and receive calls, send and receive text messages, and enter the internet. But you can not use your PIN. Please tell me to do to achieve run the PIN. The software technicians have said that the PIN is "reported", that is, seems to have been stolen, or perhaps the PIN is not registered by the supplier. Other technicians indicate that possibly receive antennas may be failing. The cellular service companies indicate that this is not a problem with the phone line, because the blackberry plan is activated to sim phone line. I am grateful to report as to solve this problem because the phone is in warranty.Necesito ayuda urgente, el PIN no funciona. El celular fue probado en Venezuela y en Panama y no funciona el PIN. El edge no se pone en letra mayuscula. Por lo tanto no se puede utilizar el chat con blackberry. Se puede llamar y recibir llamadas, enviar y recibir mensajes de texto, y entrar al internet. Pero no es posible usar el PIN. Por favor indicarme que hacer para lograr hacer funcionar el PIN. Los tecnicos de software han dicho que el PIN esta "reportado", es decir, parece que fue robado, o tal vez no esta registrado el PIN por el proveedor. Otros tecnicos indican que posiblemente las antenas de recepci&oacute;n pueden estar fallando. Las compa&ntilde;ias de servicio de celular indican que no es un problema de la linea telef&oacute;nica, porque el plan blackberry esta activado para esa linea de SIM. Agradezco me informe como hacer para resolver este problema, ya que el celular esta en garantia.

Buenas tardes, escribo por lo siguiente el equipo no levanta la se&ntilde;al del 3G o EDGE en mayuscula le he actualizado el software y lo he llevado a servicio tecnico aqui en venezuela y me dicen que el pin esta bloqueado en el exterior, adicional a esto el trackpack esta sobresalido y no trae los presintos de seguridad en la parte posterior del equipo, quisiera saber si tendria que enviarselos de nuevo o como hariamos? espero prontas respuestas. !GRACIAS!

EL equipo funciona perfectamente no he tenido problemas con el, es rapido y facil de usar. El equipo trae el cargador pero para 220V y conexion de Australia y no trae los audifonos por lo que solo puedo cargarlo por el cable USB.

en donde esta mi pedido quiero saber en queestado se encuenta mi pedido mi telefono blaberry perla 3 g feliz navidad

I buy one phone BB 9100 in July 2011. In february 2012, this phone begin fail. The equipment shutting down constantly, without reason apparent. I contact the seller and, after some mails, they tell me: sorry, your warranty is not aplicable with us... You should be understand directly with Blackberry...This support leaves much to be desired... and, "belies" too much of your slogan: "satisfaction 100% guaranteed"...Much, so much care when buy any products with this store...

Special comes with warranty, and they all arrived very well components shipment and distribution is excellent and very fast, good service and meets specified

buenas noches, la siguiente es para saber que ha pasado con este pedido que no se si lo enviaron o lo tienen en existencia

Product is fine overall, but the seller did not mention that this is originally a TELCEL phone that they probably unlocked (Telcel logo on the front of the handset and Telcel screen appears on startup). Seeing as I paid $200 for an unlocked phone I was disappointed to see some Mexican phone company logo on it.

El equipo fue despachado inmediatamente, y me lleg&oacute; en pocos d&iacute;as. Al colocarle la Sim Card enseguida se conect&oacute; en la red 3G (Digitel, Venezuela). Tiene buena resoluci&oacute;n y el sofware es r&aacute;pido, la conexi&oacute;n en 3G es buena y las descargas son r&aacute;pidas. La escritura es facil y predictiva. Es un equipo compacto con todas las funciones. Lleg&oacute; con el SO 5 y al actualizarlo al SO 6.... wow!! Excelente.

what a wonderful smart phone. The Pearl is iconic, So tactile, so right to hold, sure type is great.The one I bought is in perfect condition. If Blackberry had stayed true to this genre they would have been in much better shape.

When I purchased this item not expecting much as happened hooked, despite its size it turned out that everything is done other larger items and for me one of the main attractions is its small size fits in any wallet without discomfort or weight ... I love

I purchased 2 of these from Amazon at the same time in summer 2011 and received them both at the same time. The first one I opened shortly after purchasing & it has worked perfectly.  The second one was a gift, and wasn't opened until 2 months later.  Although I attempted to activate the second one with the same service provider and same service plan, it will NOT receive the provider service books for the same service, is only good for voice and SMS, and does NOT seem to receive 3G.  Upon closer examination, the two were manufactured in different countries, and have different firmware packages.  The first was made in Hungary, is newer, works fine with BBM and email package, provided by AIS Thailand.  The second one was older, made in Canada, wants a BB Enterprise activation, and the provider (AIS Thailand) thinks is NOT unlocked for BBM.  Inside the box of the second phone was a technical service card that directed me to a third party PDA Giant who cannot be reached at the phone or website given, who was apparently a service for unlocking the phone.  I have spent a lot of time and effort trying to find a technical solution with my service provider, but have found it to be a collosal waste of time.  Don't purchase unless you're willing to accept a 50% success rate.

I got this piece of j*** and according to MOVISTAR they're not able to give service because the PIN is locked. I wrote to RIM explaining the problem in detail. RIM told me: "The PIN is locked, you need to contact your network service provider/point of sale for more information". And againg, according to MOVISTAR representative, this ins't a brand new cellphone so DON'T BUY IT

i thought i bought an unlocked phone ,but the phone was never unlocked.

El dia 13 de octubre les compre un bb 9100 ya han pasado 2 semanas y a pesar de que aparece como entregado el producto nunca llego necesito el reintegro de mi dinero

necesito la factura, y una foto de reconocimiento no me lo quieren dejar pasar en aduana hacia Venezuela por favor

PARA EL COSTO DE ESTE TELEFONO MUY BUEN TELEFONO PEQUE&Ntilde;O MANEJABLE AUNQUE LA MEMORIA INTERNA ES MUY PEQUE&Ntilde;A LUEGO EMPIEZA A COLGARSE

I need to konw how to return this item. I ordered the blackberry 9100 and the oem shop sent me the 9105. And now i see that it is not the first time that happens. So please how can i return this phone.

Saludos desde Venezuela, lo compr&eacute; con el vendedor Hassle Free Cell y lleg&oacute; el tel&eacute;fono que quer&iacute;a (el 9100), con todos los accesorios y en perfecto estado.Vino desbloqueado y sin ning&uacute;n problema, coloqu&eacute; mi simcard y listo.

This product was stolen and I have information that is a new way to scam users of Amazon, with products of this nature BlackBerry phones, trying to turn them on in our country are reported stolen.

hello, i want to know what is the frecuency 3g Blackberry Pearl 9100? this cell phone is 1900 MHz in 3g? because with this caracterist is i want...i hope your answer

It works very well here in Venezuela its 3G network is excellent very good the product wasrecommend trusted ...

Excelente producto lo recomiendo, uso movistar en venezuela y sin problemas con la linea, y levante 3g que es lo mas importante

the mobile phone is reported request a refund or any help as this product buy it again but does not the 3G

good AfternoonYours sincerely from me, the next is to notify you that on July 30 to make a purchase with you and I have not been able to use since it arrived in Venezuela, by equipment malfunction since I received it, bring it to service technical and notified me that this cell was rebuilt, at the time of purchase I did for a new computer. Send to replace parts and now the phone went off and did not want to run again takes you to this service and notifies me that not even good enough to spare.I wonder how you could help me with this case and not me only suffered the loss of the money invested

The Pearl 3G styling is superb, Simply love it! Very business oriented phone, no fancy kid stuff to play with. Very handly size, can install most of the important apps except for skype (which would be great if blackberry allows it). This one has numerous apps. The thing I like most about this phone is that it operates without any hitches at all, Exceptional battery life with all radios on(cellular, wifi and bluetooth) got me through 2 days with moderate usage. Overall I'd recommend as a great starting out blackberry device.Pros:PocketableTight designSmooth, stable operating system

Buy a new phone and I get a used one, you can not use because it has an assigned line, buy it in the store Electronics Inc hp, it seems in bad taste to deceive people clearly are scamming customers.

Muy satisfecho con el producto adquirido. Cumple con lo ofrecido a la venta. Llego en perfectas condiciones. volveria a comprar.

The article does not have the appearance of a new article, gaskets are damaged and are not original. not reliable

Excellent article. After so long still works to perfection and fulfilling its function without complications or unexpected issues.This item is still today very useful for me

I buy 2 9100. pearl. 1 of them don't work the camera,and the other the  WI-F don't work.I try several times and don't work.  .

Soy de Venezuela aunque me llego el pearl 9105 y compre el 9100, la entrega fue la esperada y no hay mucha diferencia entre ambos cell phone.

excelente esta compra el telefono viene con todos sus accesorios y originales, desbloqueado vivo en venezuela apenas coloque la sim card y el telefono obtubo se&ntilde;al muy buena esta tienda

is a perfect match I expected really very happy with the result of the team not object, just excellent. recommended.

the truth I am very happy with the product purchased, is brand new and 100% operating'm from Venezuela and works perfectly here.

I bought this phone 7 months ago and it has now stopped working.  I am really disappointed and wonder how much faith I can have to buy another phone.  Big disappointment! Anne

I am disappointed!!! It takes too long to ship it, even though I ordered it on Wednesday; and now it is Friday. It's not ship out yet.  Disappointed!!! Big time.

TELEFONO DEFECTUOSO NO PRENDE, LLEGO MUY TARDE A VENEZUELA ESPERO PODER CAMBIARLO, AYUDA, SOLICITO EL CAMBIO DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO O DEL DINERO

buy the phone for about a month and stopped working when you take to review, I was told that it was rebuilt and has no official seals of the battery also RIM was generic and so the phone does not charge or turn I grab the return for my money, I feel cheated by this store. must respect the good faith of those who buy in stores

I have no package,not reached its destination Venezuela,Please send the tracking number ,i need my number tracking for returns or etc

Trackpad FAILS big time, so on browsing the menu is very annoying.... apart from that, the cellphone is A+, light and fast.

Acabo de recibir el telefono y estoy muy satisfecha con la entrega y el equipo y definitivamente seguire comprando en amanzon

Excelent Phone, good functions, it worked as soon as it came to my country, I wont doubt in buying another one in the next oportunnity.
