
Its great for the kids.  they take it when they go out of town and so forth .  yada yada

I love this phone. I bought two for my parents who can be hard on phones. This phone is durable and has all the functions one needs. The speaker phone is nice and loud and my dad love that!

Actually love this phone alot but just decided to tap contacts after M thru Z if I search there it shuts down and will not bring up contacts from M to Z????Crazy it will not let me scroll contacts for M thru Z either.Sorry I did not try this sooner as I love this rugged flip phone and do not miss the Droid a bit for simplicity and compactness.I would like to contact the seller about this.

I was let down with this seller, I bought and paidfor a new phone, but was sent a refurrefurbished phone. It looked nice but when I called Verizon to activate, they told me this was not a brand new phone.  The charging cord wasn't even a LG charging cord. When I tried to contact them, they just ignored my emails.

Just wanted a basic phone. They are so hard to find. This one is very sturdy and does almost everything I want it to do.  Does not have a feature to have your phone beep every 15 minutes or so to let you know you missed a call or text. My old phone did this. It was nice if you were not always close to your phone.

Rugged phone, great battery life, my only problem being that the car charger that was sent did not work (not my car's fault).

It is my husband's phone, but he seems very happy with it.  Definately happy that he can once again send/receive picture messages...

I ordered this phone as a rugged simple phone to use which did meet those requirements. When I received the phone I started to sign up with Verizon service only to be told this was not a new phone and had already had a service plan from May 2013 to just before I purchased it as new.  This raised red flags for me so I returned the phone.  The refund process went through easily but I am still searching for a cell phone.

THIS IS THE SECOND ONE I HAVE. THE OTHER I KEEP FOR MY SPARE BACK UP, BUT I NEVER HAVE HAD TO USE IT . THE RECONITIONED ONE  IS OK ,BUT THE EAR BUD PLUG DOESNT WORK.

The key on the back did not open completely, so it does not come off like it should.Now the front screen shows black, this happened 2 days ago.

Ordered as a replacement for my mothers damaged phone.  According to her its working good and recieved in good condition.  Would purchase from again.

The phone works good but the battery was no good .I write to the company and sent me 2 more batterys so they tryed to make good on the deal .

I bought the phone to replace the one I got with my contract...my dog ate my phone. Really he did and it worked okay except for the screen which finally died. This one is slightly different: no light, different charger connection and body glove doesn't fit perfectly, all things I can work around. I use it as a phone only and it does it well. Sound is clear, screen is sharp, I can still use my old case and I'm familiar with its operation and feel.

Bought this phone used for an elderly person mid March 2014.  She loved it.  Easy to use.  Last night, May 11, 2014, the phone while not in use, shut off with the battery nearly full.  On powering it up again, the home screen will not appear - only the calendar function shows.  Cannot make phone calls.  Cannot receive phone calls.  Big pain because as I read the reviews more closely it seems all of the Convoys, this version, Convoy 2 and Convoy 3, seem to have some programming or software problems.  Sad because I just need a simple flip phone for the elderly person.

I never bought from Amazon before , but I really wanted this particular phone.  I found it on the web site,  Reasonable priced.and it came much quicker then I was promised !  Like 2 days instead of 5 or more.LOVE IT&#62;!@#$%^

first phone did not work i called them and they were great they did every thing to make me happy and to fix the problem. I would have no problem ordering from them again in the future i was very happy with this company.

Phone was for my brother.  It gets the job done as far as I can tell, he's quiet, doesnt say anything unless something is wrong so since I've not heard otherwise; no news is good news. :-)

Extensive research paid off in this simple but smartly programmed phone. Excellent audio. Long battery life. Solid and sturdy. Looks good. Feels good in use. Works perfectly. I'm delighted.

Got this phone for my husband who wanted a basic phone with no frills.  His texting is very limited and he takes about one picture a month. This was a replacement of the exact same phone he had that was going bad after over 3 years, so we knew what to expect.  It came in perfect condition, although it is a  refurbished phone.I wouldn't hesitate to order another refurbished phone after our experience with this one.

This is probably a phone that was used very hard before. When we started it up it only worked for 1 day with out problems. It has only been used for 2 weeks and it is already time to get another phone.

The main thing wrong with it is that it has the old style power connection which means it has to have a separate cord for it.

Have had my Convoy for a year and a half. Has been dropped into the NYS canal, dropped from my truck, lost, kicked, abused in everyway possible. Has even survived baby drool, wind blown dust, and temps up to 115 in the truck cab (a/c? Surely you jest!). I drive an 18 wheel truck and am constantly destroying phones. We haul construction debris from demolition sites and dirt, stone, asphalt to and from road construction sites.  One reviewer wrote that it was complicated and confusing, bull. The easiest phone to use. Great speaker, screens, and volume that can be heard over heavy equipment.  Pros-everything. Cons- not one.  Looking for a tank? This is it.  Battery lasts a week with moderate use and will function until it is completely dead.

Phone didn't work right at first; not readable also words were upside down, strange stuff. Then several days later started working okay and could see and read the front dial.  I almost sent it back, then decided to see if it kept working okay, still seems to be working.  J. N.

This is a great phone. The battery lasts for days. I know it's a flip phone and the battery should last a long time. But the difference about this phone is that your voice is very clear. I have this as my second phone. Love that I can always rely on it. I do have a smartphone also. But this phone is old reliable.

The specs mentioned there could be some cosmetic uses. None found on the one I ordered. Charged it, took it over to the Verizon office and made the switch. For a flip-phone... you'll be hard pressed to find a better one. Delivery was prompt. This is a winner. The phones features are solid. I ride a motorcyle and mate the bluetooth to my helmet. Flawless. Some convoys have been known to butt dial but the key pad lock works well when set. If you don't want a lot of bells and whistles... this is a great and durable little phone.

This cell phone provides the just the service I require in my life. I want just phone service and some text.

I've had two of these for my son.  Very well made, sturdy, and good battery life.  Highly recommend.

This phone is great. It is built a lot more rugged than most phones on the market today. My contract was up with Verizon and I could have gotten the new version of this " The Convoy 2", but they wanted $150 for it and have me sign a new contract. But when I saw this one for around $30 in perfect condition I snapped it up. The only complaint I have about it would be that it doesn't use the "micro USB" like most phones are using now a days.  No big deal, I just bought a few cords on Amazon and now I'm good to go.  Very happy with the overall performance of this phone!

the phone was used to death with covers torn off of the charging jack. scratches etc... whoever decided this was like new has never owned a new phone

Perfect for a man who needs a plain cell phone and occasionally to take or receive pictures. It's fairly rugged.

I read lots of reviews for this phone. I was confident when I made my selection to order this Samsung Convoy. Now, Im one satisfied customer. I love how big the buttons are. The durability is great!!!! The clarity is crisp and the volume is super loud. (Great for alarm )!!!!! Best phone I have ever bought!!!! I recommend this phone.

Great phone awesome battery life very durable has been in water  (: also got the  the phone from the buyer at a nice price

This phone was purchased for me by our office administrator. It was much larger than my previous work phone, and didn't even fit in my pocket with the snap-on cover in place. Once I removed that, I discovered its most prominent flaw: there are buttons all over it that actually do things.For several months I frequently "pocket-texted" by sending quick texts via these external hot buttons. One client received no less than 10 "In a meeting" messages over the course of one weekend. I finally deleted all the quicktext content from my phone, but often when I pull it out it says "no quicktext available", so I can see that it keeps trying. More recently it has started answering automatically and putting the caller on speakerphone--still in my pocket.Even worse I've started having trouble with the battery charging properly. The phone would be plugged in overnight, and when I'd come downstairs in the morning the screen would be totally black, the phone unresponsive and the battery nearly dead once it did wake up again. But of course it would never display this behavior in the store...I finally got a replacement today. I hated this phone.

This phone is simple, very good , and it works excellently for me. Every one who buys this phone will be satisfied.

The phone was shipped dirty even though it is used should have wipe it down. other than that it's what was expected for a use phone.

The Samsung Convoy is much sturdier than my earlier phone. It arrived quite quickly, and the Verizon personnel set it up w/o problems or extra charges.

This is a good all-around phone is very sturdy and I have had it for a long time the speakerphone is very loud and it is very easy to handle but it is very rugged too. I would recommend it to anyone that would like a basic phone that has a good battery life and that has a good display  has bigger fingers.

This product was damaged.. The antenna in the device did not work, was not even able to use this product

My wife's phone broke.  We got the exacty same model for a fraction of even those selling used phones on KSL classifieds and Ebay.  Works great, great price.  It was an easy fix.  Buying a new phone required another contract.....don't want that and the phones were EXPENSIVE.  Thanks for having this fine product.....even thought it is said to be used  (you can't tell)

I bought it used, but it looks brand new.  The sound is clear, in fact I have to turn the volume down so I don't blast my eardrums. A really good buy for me.  Sincerely  Phyllis Sutton

While it was listed as refurbished, it appears to be new.  It is in excellent condition and performs as expected.

The Pnone was a piece of junkIt was all scratched up and was not cleaned off. Still had information on it from last ownerNot hapy with the person who sold it to us.

IF YOU DON'T LIKE TOUCH SCREEN PHONES, THIS MAY BE THE PHONE FOR YOU. MP3 PLAYER AND BLUETOOTH ARE NICE FEATURES.  ONLY DOWN SIDE IS TEXTING, IF YOU ARE A BIG TEXTER, CHOOSE ANOTHER PHONE.

didn't work so well although I've had this phone before. tHis refurbish job was not up to standards and next time I will try to buy elsewhere.....

I loved it.  It was in good shape.  I wanted an older phone with no gadgets and data.  Perfect Fit!!!

My son enjoys the flip phone...it works great and it provides excellent service even in sparse support areas. A must for a tough hard working phone.

MY HUSBAND REALLY LIKES THIS PHONE HE IS ALWAYS SAYING HOW WELL IT WORKS.HE SAYS WHEN THIS TEARS UP HE IS GOING TO GET ANOTHER ONE JUST LIKE IT.

This is the second junk Convoy I have owned. The first one I had for less than a year and the software locked up and couldn't be fixed. This one I purchased from Amazon and I have owned it less than 6 months and today the LCD screen on the outside of the phone is washed out.Looked at the return policy and it says 30 days, and it was a BRAND NEW phone, LOL. What kind of policy is that? I could understand a 30 day return policy if it was a USED phone I purchased. Guess I learned my lesson and will never buy another new phone from Amazon.FWIW...the features are nice but what good are the features when the phone's internal components will break down in 6 months?Buyer beware!

The phone was sold by a "Verizon" representative and rated 9 out of 10.  For appearance, that is certainly correct.  However, if you let the battery get lower than 3 bars, it shuts off.  Little disappointed in performance and representation.

This is a great phone and a good deal. We have 3 of these phones and we really like their durability.

phone lasted a few months...then no longer rings...it was used so I didn't expect it to last long. But can still make calls

This phone started out working beautifully for the last few weeks, (although the punctuation for texting is very inconvenient and lacking). If you get a properly working phone, it seems pretty solid. The camera has bad resolution, so if you are set on a good camera, this is not for you. Overall it has good audio and is solidly built; not sure if the malfunctioning is typical or not. Last night it started acting crazy. When the phone is shut, it keeps activating the "Voice Command" function, and shows a microphone icon indicating that it is listening for my voice prompt. Then if there is noise, it sometimes starts randomly calling people based on what it maybe thinks it's hearing. I also think that this prevents it from going into standby mode, therefore it is wasting my battery power. I looked into various Settings menus, but it seems there is no way to shut this function off. Secondly, it has recently started pulling up a "No Caller ID # Available!" Alert Message in front of every text message I get, even though I can see the person's name attached message before I try to open it. Furthermore, when I try to hit "Ok" to acknowledge the alert, it pops right back up, over and over again, so I can't read my texts. It does this even for old texts. I tried turning it off and taking the battery out, I even tried a factory reset function, and I'm still having the same problems. I also noticed that after I reset it, when it was going through the set up, that the basic ringtones weren't playing at all, even when they said they were, I could hear nothing! And I can't hear a dial tone when I call people. Screwed up! Hopefully it's not a common issue for this phone. It would've been good until this started.

I have  15 Samsung Convoy phones in my construction company.  One of the phones was lost so I decided to buy Convoy U640from Shiny Computers in order to replace the lost phone.  Shiny Computers send me a phone which was very old and in a very poor condition. It came without battery charger and I tried to charge it with my charge but I could not recharge or activate or use it. I would like to return this phone.  I will not recommend Shiny Computers to anyone for future purchase.Khan

Much better than I expected. This phone has everything one needs. Good reception, music, long battery charge, internet, camera, video,etc.... Switched back from a Smart Phone to this and could not be happier. Holds a 16 GB Micro SD card for all the music that can be easily transferred from Windows Media Player.

Works as promised, sound clarity is good. A &#34;tough&#34; phone as he is rough with things! Arrived on time to present as a gift!

I've had this phone for about a year and decided it was time to write a review for it.  Honestly, I've had some pretty bad phones but this is by far the worst.  Originally I was interested in this model because of its larger buttons, wide display and limited features (I like having a phone, not a toy).  There are so many problems with this thing though I can't justify giving it a second star.The biggest problem I have with this phone is its lag time, even knowing which menu you want to bring up this phone forces you to wait or will inevitably bring up a different menu if you hit a key too quickly- quick texters will also have this problem frequently.The phone is billed as rugged... I'm not sure what they mean by that, if rugged now means "unnecessarily heavy" they hit the nail on the head; I suppose they could also mean with its weight it could be used as a low grade projectile weapon but other than that though I see nothing rugged about it.  The biggest problem with weight is that its obviously heavy enough to get damaged if dropped from a normal height- I've never been a person who regularly dropped phones or abused them by sending them through the wash... just the same, I fear this would be destroyed in no time.Lastly there is something wrong with the electronics in the Convoy.  The battery reader is the least accurate I've seen in any phone- swapping batteries doesn't fix this. I've also been having problems with the thing charging recently- sending the message that the phone is not charged after being plugged in for hours, it proceeds to turn itself off and refuses to be turned on... I'd imagine a battery issue on this too IF plugging the phone into the wall (again), turning it on and unplugging it didn't fix the problem and reveal full power. The signal is weaker than the last two phones I've had (read that as "phones which were technologically backwater 6 years ago"), I drop calls in the middle of town, regularly.This is a terrible phone, do not waste your money on it.

The phone itself, great condition, price, and quality. There was a lengthy process of contacting Verizion to have the phone operating correctly; however, I am pleased with the overall purchase.

Awesome phone for my dad!  This phone is perfect for someone who isn't into technology!  The phone was in great shape! Delivery was fast!

Just need a phone to make and receive calls. I am under an old Verizon contract that is much better that I can get by updating and signing a new contract. (Man that ticks Verizon off.) Anyway,  I have gone through several different phones over the years and have found that the Convoy U640 is very dependable. The battery life is outstanding!

This phone is tough and has a nice loud ring PLUS it is tough and can take a beating..love it!

This has been a good extra phone for me. Thank you for fast and quick service. I would recommend to anyone who likes small flip phones. Thanks :-)

I definitely would recommend this product. It works well ... i especially like the ring tone selection. The other phone did not have as good a selection and the one I chose was not available.

This cell phone is OK, but it will drop calls at times and my blue tooth will not connect unless it remove the battery and reinstall it so the phone will reprogram itself to the blue tooth.

Phones and chargers are in mint shape. Really good deal , very happy with the phones and chargers and the quality

I've dropped this phone multiple times, left it in hot cars repeatedly, and subjected it to other wear and tear.  However this phone wonderfully holds up--great speaker sound, decent alarms, and good enough picture and texting.

this phone may be older but my husband likes simple easy no frills.  it had good speaker big buttons. easy use

This was exactly the phone that I needed.  I would recommend this phone for anyone that uses Verison Wireless phones of this type.  Was truly satisfied with my purchase.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES IT. JUST WHAT HE WANTED. IT HAD MINOR SCRATCHES BUT NOTHING TO REALLY FUSS ABOUT. I WOULD ORDERED AGAIN. VERY PLEASED.

I like this phone for the larger buttons for texting. It works well in the holder I have and it is not cumbersome. Perfect as a work phone.

I am an electrical contractor and this phone is rugged enough to handle rough work. It will take a beating and keep on ticking.

My husband loves the new phoneEasy to hear the ring ,Easy to open, overallPerfect for his use Doesn't slip out of his hand

No problems and great durability for a flip phone with a front screen.  Still have mine incase my smartphone breaks.

The phone works well, but is not the phone I ordered. The phone I received is a Motorola. It was also very dirty when it arrived.

replaced my Verizon U 640 because it went straight to voice mail no matter whatwe did-would have had to wait 4 months for new free phone so ordered this, itcame right away and I was charged activated and using the phone in minuteswith no problem, and now my calls ring and do not go right to voice mail

this is the easiest phone I have used.  I have had one for the last 2 or 3 years and it is great.  I recently had a problem with my phone in that it would drop the tower and restart with service.  I ordered two more from Stop n Shop in NY.  There was a problem with the new phones in that the cameras did not work, but they went the extra mile to replace them with NO PROBLEMS : )

Cost of cell phone was a steal! Like new. However, the cell phone charger doesn't work anymore. My battery died and I was unable to charge my phone. Thx to my BFF, she took it over to a Verizon store for a charge. Would give a 5-star rating if the charger could be replaced. That would make me very happy and extremely satisfied.

GREAT PRODUCT. I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEM WITH IT. I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER FOR MY MOTHER. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.

Upon ordering this item I was aware that it was used with some cosmetic damaged as described by the seller. Upon recieving the phone I became oh so aware of how "used" it was. This is a self proclaimed "rugged phone" so why is it that when I just simply flip the phone close it shuts off. I'm not dropping it from 5ft let alone 1 inch, I'm simply shutting the phone as you have to with flip phones! I've come to the conclusion that it must be the battery, either loose or something causing it to jar off the power mechanism therefore loosing battery power.Bottom Line: "you get what you pay for" very true statement, "you expect to get what was described to you by seller, and then when it gets to you its all a lie and a piece of junk" also very true of this product.

sometimes it will shut on its own. other than that iam happy my phone. i am considering upgrading to the convoy 2

Bought this phone for my husband to replace an earlier model of the same.  He LOVES it, works great!  I would buy from them again.

This is a refurbished phone which has a few cosmetic dings but works just fine. It provides me exactly what I need in a cell phone.

Met my short-term needs to replace a phone that broke.  &#34;Thick&#34; compared to today's slim-line phones. But I only need it for a few months.

Really like the phone and ease of use.  The screen is large enough for me to read the numbers and the keys are large enough for my big fingers.

Great buy!!! Great condition! Very pleased!!!

The phone works fine right now, however, we have about 15 of these phones for our business and we have had trouble with keeping them working for the whole 2 year contract with Verizon. It's either a sound issue or the screen goes out

Got it for my dad who needed a basic cell phone with a loud ringer. This one is a winner! Thanks

The phone the i bought from amazon did not work. We ended up going and buying the same phone from wally world and taking out a 2year contract thats what i didn't want to do but ooooh well!

This is my second Samsung.  It's sturdy, easy to use and FANTASTIC!  It's very sturdy for I have dropped it a couple of times and there was no problem at all!

I purchased this for a friend and he has no complaints. He is thankful to be able to purchase this on Amazon otherwise it was going to cost him quite a bit of money to replace the one he got with a plan, since he dropped the original one in a water tank for his cattle.

This phone may be rugged, but its menu is overly complex, not user friendly, and maliciously designed to sell you more software products/features from Verizon just to make it functional.  If you only want to use it for very basic phone service it is serviceable, but don't expect much more.  Always keep your user manual handy as the menus are useless, tiresome, and finger weary.  I would not recommend this Hunk-O-Junk to anyone.

condition of phone wasnt good not broke but dirty looking only received phone itself not the wall charger the charger was different from any other phone had prior so had to buy another charger not happy

Learning the ropes.  standard phone.  try finding or reading the images on the outside for speaker or for memory card, somewhat difficult but phone is a great one when you do not want or need a data plan

I ordered this phone for my husband, as his Nextel will be rendered useless after 02/05, due to the government buyout of PTT's.  He loves this phone.  I bought it used for 40 bucks in &#34;new condition&#34; it was reg. $130.  What you get for this price is pleasantly surprising.  I bought it unlocked and he has Page Plus for $40 a month unlimited talk and text, and 200 mb of data.  He will be moving to the $30/mo plan 1200 minutes a month....with text too, but he doesn't text or use data, so this phone is perfect for him.  If you are not a texter or data user, u will be happy with this phone, very well made with high quality sound.

Battery lost for day big plus.  I used everyday. All day long.  Very Very loud phone great features easy-to-use can't believe I ever switch to a smart phone gone back to a flip phone love it

I was impressed with the condition of the unit.  It was just as described; actually it was better than I expected!I received the phone in 3 days, one day prior to the beginning date of the reception range given by my chosen shipping method.  This new seller is doing it the right way; hope she continues, eh?

Exactly what I was looking for. Phone is durable, in decent condition, and works great. Likes just like a new phone

I bought this phone for my daughter. I guess being used to modern smartphones I found this one cumbersome but it serves its purpose. The only thing I don't like is the lanyard hole is so small you cant get anything through it.

I like flip phones, they are easily to use.I had this type of phone before it was too old to use so bought another one.The sellar said the phone was new? However a month after I started to use it the battery started to going down and I must charge it up every single day, certainly not the experience I had this phone when I  ought the first one one from Verizon. Certainly not worth the $170.00 I paid for!!!

I purchased this phone for my husband, as I needed something that could withstand his many drops and slips. I am impressed so far. He hasn't destroyed the phone yet. The speakerphone is actually loud enough to hear people on the other end outside, the screen is nice and clear and the menu is easy to understand. Overall the phone seems pretty sturdy and has a nice solid feel to it. I think this phone might stick around for a little while. If you are looking for a rough and tough phone, then do not hesitate... you've found it.

LIKE NEWWorks as expected/ keeps charged days/ camera okay/ best buy for money, better than ever expected.Quick reception.

It's last years model but the price is right. Husband needed a new phone and it had to be a flip phone according to him. So far so good solid little phone

This is my second Convoy phone. The first spent three years with me and  was used, abused and dropped to the pavement more times than I can remember. It is not water proof. I left it outside one nite and after that, it went south. It ate the battery, got very hot and generally gave me the finger. However, it had been so good to me that I bought another used one on Amazon for a bargain price.So, this is a basic phone with some internet capabilities that I don't give a rip about. It endures drops to the pavement, has great clarity via Verizon and quite simply, works. If you don't need or don't care about watching videos or scrolling through whatever it is you scroll through to make your day (actually, make your moment), and if you need a basic phone that's rugged and not really waterproof, but water resistant, this is an inexpensive choice. Bottom line, if I lose this one, I'll find another "old" Convoy to replace it. Hell, I drive an eight year-old Subaru. I need rugged and practical, so why should I get a "smart" phone? My advice: Consider what you need, not what someone wants to sell you so you can stay "connected."

Great phone for the person who needs to make calls, take photos, and doesn't need alot of unused apps floating about.

This phone is very easy to use and I like the color and I also like the screen. Easy to use,

I bought this phone for my son because his old one broke.  I already had this phone and have had no trouble whatever.  Great reception. Great volume. Great battery life. Great durability. Did I already say great?

It is one tough phone and Verzion Store claims they can not get them not everybody needs a smart phone so I turned to amazon found the Samsung for a good price and I would recommend it to my best friend

I've been using this phone for over a year and love it(except that it's my work phone).  My company sends about 40 of us out travelling the back roads of northern Wisconsin every day and spent about 6 months testing phones and programs.  This phone through Verizon was the winner. I have used 5 other phones and this is by far the best for reception in weak signal areas and battery life(maybe part of the weight someone complaines about).  I've dropped it from waist height onto asphalt without any effect- not even a scratch.  the big buttons and large numbers on the display decrease the tension level for calls in a hurry.  Easy to use with bluetooth and voice commands.

The product did everything I expected,would recommend this phone;or the convoy2 to anyone.Very please with the phone,thank you,very much.thanks again

This phone was exactly was I needed for my spouse--(who is disabled)...He needed something dependable yeteasy to access..The numbers are easily visable and the overall phone is easy to use!ThanksTA..NC

Initially I received this phone and I did not receive the charger.  I had to contact the company and tell them that the description stated that the phone was suppose to come with a charger.  I had to wait for the charger to come to make sure the phone was working right.  I will be checking the phone as soon as the charger arrives.

This is a great phone for people who like flip phones and need a rugged phone. I'm not sure why they didn't seal it up a little better, it wouldn't have been to hard to make it waterproof, but it's fairly resistant as is.

I liked his rating, I am pleased with the phone so far, I need to get a SD Card for it to see if it works okay.  Love the loud ring tone, and the battery life is unbelievable on this phone.  I gave my new one to my daughter-in-law and kept this one because I prefer it to the other.  Thanks.

Good sturdy phone for a pre-teen to have available when between programs. Was tricky without user's guide, but we figured out most of what we needed.

Having used a Casio Gzone the last two years, I thought I'd try this phone.  I am very disappointed with several features or lack of on this phone.1. It does not have a flash so although I don't need it for pictures I do for a flash light.2. It does not have the easy charging option that the Gzone did. You have to remove a rubber plug to plug in the flimsy charging cable.3. The menu for viewing missed calls requires several actions and is difficult to use.4. It has not been tested yet but I don't think this phone will be as water resistant as the Gzone based on how it is put together.

Works great. Best phone for my husband as long as he doesn't leave it in his shirt pocket to be washed, like his last one.

It is simple to use,  I am hard of hearing and I can hear this phone when it rings, takes good photos also, I like this phone so much because I can hear it that is  the main reason.  I have 6 of these phones  so when they get old and quit I will have another just like it

This was the second Convoy we've ordered for a family member.  We've found these to be a very good basic phone.  The numbers light up and the buttons are just the right size for manly fingers.  My husband had his in his pocket while fishing and had to step out into a pond to release a fish that was hooked and snagged on a log near the ponds edge.  Little did he know when he stepped into the pond that the water was waist deep.  He quickly pulled his phone out of his pocket and tossed it to his cousin.  The phone had gotten wet but is still working great.  After that experience his cousin had to have one too.

We knew the phone would be a used one and it met our expectations.  I gave it a 4 star rating because it was a used phone.

No problems with this. i love this phone. It works great!!!! Its old school, but works great. I rexccommend to anyone

I bought this after my Convoy 2 disappeared at our home.  It was a lower price than what Verizon was charging at the time.It is defective but the seller has been most cooperative in arranging for full credit plus postage reimbursement.  It was put into the mail today, 8/19/13.  I will again look for the Convoy 2 rather than the original Convoy that this one is.

It seemed to be working well, but my dad has had a hard time using it.  He is always telling me something isn't working properly on it.  We did buy this used.  I think we will return it and let him use his old phone.

I haven't had that many phones so I can't do an in depth comparison but if you're looking for a tough as nails phone that can take just about anything you throw at it then this is it.The first time this phone proved itself was when I lost it outside just before winter hit, it spent 2 months in the mud under a few feet of snow and when it finally melted I found it and it worked good as new.I'm terrible with losing stuff so I lost this phone outside AGAIN on a cemetery lawn. I thought I was doomed because they water the lawns everyday and thought no way would this thing survive getting drenched over and over but once again I was proved wrong when 4 days later they found my phone and returned it to me - albeit with lots of dirt on it, but I plugged it in and viola! Turned right on.I've also dropped this phone countless times onto concrete and doesn't phase it at all. I liked this phone so much I went out and bought the Samsung Convoy 2 when I didn't think they were going to find my old phone. I can only hope it'll take half as much as what I've put my other one through, which I am now keeping as a backup.

It was an earlier model  never worked right.but still under the warranty so I got a new phone from Verizon.

The phone has good sound, I agree with the previous reviews who wrote about that. However, it seems to become damaged rather easily even with just general pocket wear.

Great price and it work just as it was supposed to. Battery life is excellent, blue tooth works well, no complaints.

The phone arrived in just a few days! The phone appeared to be in mint condition and looked like it was never used!  It was already fully charged and ready to go.  Brought it to Verizon and my contact information was transferred in just a few minutes without any problems at all.  I am extremely happy with this purchase and the seller!  Definitely 5 thumbs up!

This is our "land line"/backup/kids' phone (in itself why we got a ruggedized phone!) for when the parental units are out. It's taken some abuse and held up well. When it was eligible to upgrade, I replaced my smartphone instead. We'll hang on to it as long as it holds up.Honestly, the kids use it mostly to take pictures and videos of our pets, and enjoy altering them with the phone's features. My biggest complaint/annoyance is that you cannot move pictures and videos to a PC without having a memory card - I can't move the pics directly from internal memory to my PC. This is a big deal to me as I just want to get them off the phone and go through them later. If anyone can advise on a way to do this, I'd be grateful. I don't want to have/need to buy another memory card just to do this.

We have one of these phones already and love it.  I got one for my son and this was by far the best price for this phone on the internet.

I have had the Samsung Convoy for 1 1/2 years and it rings loud, announces texts,has a camera (with ok quality pictures, and other features. Very easy to learn and I know very little about phones. It's battery life is what I like best and that it rings loud. In my profession being on-call is second nature and I have to have something I can rely on for sound and quality. Must be dependable. That has been the case until just recently when it has started having rare glitches like the battery draining from 4 bars to one in about 12 hours with little use and not putting a call through. Like I said though, it's rare, and my phone is nearing "life expectancy" for a battery.

I have had this phone for three months and I like it.  For a basic phone this product is very solid.  First of all it's built very well, and because of that is very durable.  I have dropped my phone many times and I have never seen any effects from it.  I have had basic phones before and whenever I would drop them the battery would fall out; that's not the case with this phone.  There is what looks like a screw head that you turn counter clockwise to open the battery door which is a nice feature, and is thus why the battery will not come out when dropped.  The edges are also lined with a rubber-like material which definitely helps pad any fall.Overall, the phone looks very nice.  As for the internal workings of the phone things are pretty good.  The call quality is good, the texting is ok, and the music player is great.  The outside play/forward/reverse buttons are also a nice feature regarding the music player.  There are also many nice shortcut features on this phone which makes using it very convenient.  The criticisms I have of this phone are the texting and the lack of a head phone jack.  The t9 works alright, but sometimes it seems to predict ridiculous words and it doesn't seem to really "remember" past words you have used.  I've had headphone jacks in some of my past phones and it's so handy to just bring your headphones with wherever you go and be able to listen to music, so that would be nice to have.

Obvious wear on the device.I know it's used, or remanufactured, but it had obvious signs of wear and tear on it. And it died by the end of the week. Glad i didn't pay tooooo much for it

I can't honestly say I hated it. I could make calls on it. The phone would shut off on its own more than 90% of the time. I couldn't receive most of my calls because it was always shutting off. If I let the flip part stay open I would have better luck with it staying on, but not always. This started the second week I had it.I eventually went on to ebay and found a better phone.

I purchased the Samsung Convoy U640 for my elderly mother.  She uses the phone only for receiving and outgoing phone calls for family and friends.  Although the fonts are not large enough, she can read the names and numbers fairly easily.  My mother seems to like the Samsung Convoy U640 and I am pleased that she likes it.I chose a 4 star rating instead of 5 star because of the font size.I recommend this product to anyone who is in the market for the old style flip phone.

good phone it was in great condition. it was just as expected.we would recommend it to a friend.it was a good buy.

Couldn't ask for more from a simple, easy to use phone. I would definitely purchase this again if need be.

We bought it because it was a replacement for the one we had that was dropped so we didnt need all the cords for it.Delivery was quick.  Packed very well.  Very glad we purchased it.

Replaced a Convoy with a Convoy.  My husband did not want to relearn another phone.  Phone is rugged, good sound quality, and good battery life

This is a very durable easy to use no nonsense cell phone. It's rugged construction makes this the phone to use in a work environment where an occasional drop won't break the device.Crystal clear sound.

It was exactly what I expected. Easy to activate with my existing plan.It was purchased for my 13 year old son who has managed to kill evert phone he has received. So far, so good with this one.

It looks very rugged, and it got everything he needs.  I wish Verizon had this phone at the store but I'm glad I found this phone for my husband.

I purchased this phone on 6/13/2013.  Upon receiving this phone it was in good condition on the outside. Once i opened the phone the keypads were badly worn.  Most of the buttons were flush with frame of the phone which would tell me it was used quite a bit.  I also started to experience problems with my phone shutting off randomly. After i took the battery cover off the back of the phone i noticed it was not the battery pack that comes with the phone.  It was loose just enough that it wasn't making the correct connection to the terminals.  I put a small piece of paper to wedge the battery in so the connection could be made.  That fixed that problem the the good condition used phone.  In August of this year i started to have problems with sound on the phone. I had several people tell me they could not hear me unless i screamed into the phone.  I later recorded my voice while speaking into the phone and there was no sound from my voice.  I then realized i was sold a junk phone with excessive wear from the seller and lied to about his posting on amazon.com that this phone was in good condition.  I have sense thrown the phone away and bought another from my cell phone provider.  I would not recommend buying a phone from this seller. I realize its a used phone but it should last more than two months before it breaks down....

I wear two hearing aides and this phone works great for me.easy to use for those of us not looking for a smarphone

I received the unit, it smelled like used women's make up.  Something was wrong with it from the get go, I didn't start using it until about a month after I purchased it so I didn't return it.  The problems with this phone just got worse and worse.  Piece of crap.  Vendor should test items before they sell them.

I love this phone. Bought another as a backup.  I don't want to ever loose this product! Bought one for elderly father too and he is able to see and use it we'll.

I purchased this phone for my mom. She is older and prefers a flip phone that is easy to use. The sound quality is wonderful and she has been able to use it right from the box with very little problem. I highly recommend.

My husband wanted rugged pho?ne for work. He is outside all day, rain or shine. Phone very durable and great for those that want a flip phone.

I bought the phone as a gift.  My husband likes the phone.  It works as expected. I would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a rugged basic phone.

Had this phone before for 2 years, so when that one finally broke(dropped it while open and it split right in half)  I got another one.  2 years is a good lifespan for any phone.

Great price for the cell phone. Came in good condition and packaging. The sell phone works very good and there was no blemishes on the phone!

Make sure you are ready to acctivate the phone the first time you turn it on. I didn't even have to take it to the store for acctivation. If you do not follow through with the acctivtion the first time, you will have to take it to the store, to acctivate it. I charged it, turned it on, and acctivacted it over the phone.

I bought this for my husband who is very rough on his phones.  So far so good.  Everything is working perfectly.  We couldn't even tell it was a used phone.  Shipping was extremely fast.

Easy to run, Heavy duty phone.  Had it up and running in minutes, able to download ringtones and personalize it easily.

I bought my first Convoy several years ago, and it served me faithfully at the gym, on the mountain bike, and bouncing around in the Jeep. i've never taken it swimming, but it's been out in the rain with me repeatedly with no damage, and I dropped the poor thing LOTS of times. When it finally succumbed to my abuse and broke in half, I found the exact same model used here.Now, you take your chances buying used electronics like this, and the first replacement model I received would get hot and burn out the battery in an hour. But I returned it to the seller and they quickly sent me a working unit.  So, I also want to say that I'm quite satisfied with my transaction with BSR Cellular, and I would buy from them again. Maybe I'll get another Convoy from them in a few years when this one breaks.

Works very good

Stupid design. There is no way to hold the phone while wearing gloves, and not push external buttons.Vibrate function is weak. External speaker is Pathetic.This is supposed to be a &#34;Rugged&#34; phone. It's a lie.Sure, it will tolerate dropping now and then, but keep it as far away from water as possible.One good soaking in the rain, and the troubles start. I work outside in the real world, and not some swanky climate controlled office, so I chose this phone based upon the description. Bad mistake.I had an I530 Motorola for 6 years that got soaked constantly, immersed with me in irrigation ponds, and generally thrashed, and not a single problem. First time this Samsung got wet, it lost functions untill dried out in a bag of rice for 4 days, today it got momentarily immersed, and has water sloshing around in the display screen. What a pathetic joke and complete ripoff.Now I have to find a phone that actually is &#34;Rugged&#34; as described, and it wont be a Samsung as I am done wasting money.

This phone is durable, and does fit in the clip case and fully opens so it does not have to be removed everytime you need to use the phone.  Extremely easy activation!

This was an excellent buy on a very good used cell phone. It was activated on Page Plus Cellular and works perfectly. I would recommend a similar purchase to anyone wanting a CDMA phone for Page Plus Cellular.

This U640 has much better reception then my old LG phone and therefore has better battery life. I am buying two more of these for my family plan. It shipped fast and setup with Verizon with no problems and no contract, YES!

I good old standby for a feature phone. It is nice looking and easy to operate. The speaker is good and loud making it easy to hear.

We are basic phone users.Phone works great-battery lasts between charges. Happy with this purchase and would recommend this phone.

This is by far the best flip phone out there.  Most importantly this bad boy can take a hit.  The battery life seems to just keep going and going.  The reception is nice and clear.  My only complaint about this phone is that when using the calender you have to be careful when erasing events.  If you erase an event, do not choose erase all...it not only erases that day's events...but every event in the whole calender.  Other then then that, I get my email on this phone, even cruise the Internet.  I don't need all the extras of a smart phone.  This phone is the best!

This phone was listed as used. I read the description of it and it said it may have a few scratches. When I received the phone, it was like brand new. The Convoy u640 is a great phone to start with. It's not a fancy phone to text with - although, you can certainly do that. The camera is nice and takes real good pictures. Most of all, it is rugged and you can make and receive calls on it where most phones don't have signal. So, if you tend to be a little rough on cell phones, you may want to check this one out esp. if u find a deal like I did for $40-  Samsung Convoy U640 Phone for Verizon Wireless Network with No Contract (Gray) Rugged! Also worthy to mention, they are very easy on batteries. I know several people who have them and they say the same things - so, it's not just mine that gives u plenty of talk time per battery charge.

Product came in good condition and works well. Would recommend this phone to any one looking for a cheap and basic phone that is durable and has a good battery life

my father is not into fancy smartphones or texting or using his phone to surf the net. what he is into is a phone that keeps on working if its been accidentally dropped. he's been using the same old flip phone for a few years now which finally started having issues. i did lots of research on phones and felt this would be the best phone for him. i was a little hesitant at first since it was refurbished but due to reviews i figured it was worth a shot. plus cheap enough that if it only works for a year, he can get another for cheap. it arrived and looked a little used (a little wear in the paint but not much) but that's ok. especially for the big savings over a new one. at least 50% of the price. he says it works great. he says the ringer is nice and loud and he is blown away with bluetooth lol. its been a couple of months now and i ive asked him a few times about it and he has nothing but positive things to say about it. no issues yet.

Great phone to use with page plus cellular minutes.  It has a clean ESN.  Works great and has a long battery life.

The phone was decent and came as expected.  However one of the chargers didnt work from day one...which made it hard to use the phone. So tht left me a little disappointed withthe buyer.

The dirty phone I received was not appreciated and I was not impressed. I decided to go to walmart and buy a new one for three cents.the samsung convoy is usable but the programming has glitches.

No problems and work like any other flip phone.  Seems to be pretty heavy duty for construction people to carry.

I really like this phone but it is a little heavy. It would be perfect for anyone that needs a rugged phone.

Lost a phone and did not have phone insurance.  Even if I did have phone insurance the deductible would have been more than this rebuilt phone not to mention the savings on the monthly insurance premiums.Phone looks like new and has been working since I received it a month ago.

This has an odd ball chagrinning connection.  It's not your standard micro usb.  Also, the one reseller that sells this phone refurbished  called Cellsale Solutions will not pay for return postage if the phone is defective.  I would all together go with a phone with a micro usb connection first of all anyway.

I can hear very well on it.  It is easy to use. I don't lnow what else to say.  The clarity of sound is what is so important to me.

great phone, great people to deal with on time and except returns with out question will deal with them again

I deducted a star because the previous owners pics were still in it.  No big deal phone was near mint like described and worked good.

Thanks! Husband loves it!! Works great and he is more than happy to have a &#34;new&#34; phone at such a great price!! Thanks again!!

Iv'e never quite got used to the iphone and droid style phones, there a little to fragile for my line of work.  The Samsung Convoy is able to take a beating and still keeps on working and thats why like the basic flip phone.

We has a bit of trouble with the voice mail and the sound levels at first, but now it seems to be working great!

Bought this for my teenage son who doesnt need a smartphone.  He loves the flip phones.  He has gone through at least 3 or 4 of them because he always drops them.  This thing is sturdy and built to last.

My Samsung cell phone works well without any problems unlike my previous cell phone.  Maybe I should not be replying as you have too many rules!

For a used phone it was like brand new. Pretty nice too that when powered up it went right to my carrier to register it. No phone calls, computer time etc..
