
When I purchase something that I like, if it breaks, I tend to replace it with the same.. Especially when it comes, to phones,there's so much to learn about each one - just gimme another one of the same so I can save time.. That's what I thought....But I ended up buying THREE LG Prime phones in a two year period. All of them work fine at first and then little things start going wrong.. Two of the phones were fried because silly me tried to use a 16gb micro sd card (as recommended by LG) and tried to sync music while the sd card was in the phone (as recommended, because music files have to be converted to AT&T;'s specifications) .. After an error message, the phone shut off and all that is left is a blinking "LG - Life's Good".. (HA!)..The second phone was with me out in the Frebruary cold..and after getting inside, the buttons on one side didn't register any longer..I tried doing a master reset and calibration - no good.. And the assistance from LG is basically non existent.. So I bought the third (and LAST) LG replacement  back in February of this year.. It's now June and the phone - worthless.. NEVER AGAIN.. I am buying a new phone on Amazon, and having it overnighted, but it's NOT an LG and definitely NOT an LG Prime.. Beware of this crappy phone, and LG in general.

i just need a simple cell phone that makes calls and this works fine. i need lessons on what it can do though.

The phone came in, exactly what I wanted. MicroSD compatible, headphone jacks for any headphones, great touchscreen, usable with T-Mobile (a little work to get MMS to work), comes with adapter.

Terrible phone.  The touchscreen is awful.  It won't stay connected to a network, and I live in a major metro area.  The touchscreen either doesn't work or will select something at random.  I sent it back after 1 day.  Avoid this  phone.

I had one of these phones for a year and a half. On a road trip, I tried to sinc the phone with the leased portable Garmin that came with a rental car. I believe someone had a virus or something on the Garmin. It made my touch screen freeze up, rendering the phone pretty much inoperable. Since I am on a fixed budget...I decided to order another phone just like it. It came in great condition and within 5 days from placing my order. It works great. This is no smartphone, but for just phone calls and texting it is great. You can check your email with it, but the screen is small so it is hard to do much online. Could be used in a pinch. Dont buy this phone if you are using it to go online, you will be disappointed. However, if you just use it for calls and texting, it is a great little phone.

I needed a back-up phone while mine was being fixed it was ok for that.  Not a great phone but an &#34;ok&#34; phone.

works great phone. Kids are gonna love this christmas. they will not have to use my phone anymore to download their games! :)

I bought this phone from Amazon in August 2010. September 2011 touch screen failed. Phone useless. Had extended warranty via credit card. Bought another. Screen failed today. The phone was great when it worked, but... I don't like it any more.

It seems to be easy to use. Had one hick-up where it wasn't receiving a signal, so no calls. On setup there's a touch calibration , but it never explains why that is necessary.

I usually find Amazon interesting to shopping online. This site has everything you might need and the other good thing about Amazon is the price, which is important to everybody.Thanks for the convinient products.Sincerely yours,Nehzat Bohlouli

Very cheap.it would not work with my sim card even though it said it would,i will never buy again this phone is for a 3 year old...

Phone is in good condition touch screen is not so great but it's working perfect. Photo resolution is good .

I found this phone awkward to use. The touch screen is not very sensitive. When attempting to scroll through contacts, for example, it was not unusual to select an unwanted contact while trying to scroll.In less than a year after, the screen developed severe lines, so much so that I could not read telephone number of incoming calls. I called the manufacturer and was taken through a series of steps to reset the phone. It was determined that the phone was defective and was covered by the warranty. However, I was asked for my credit card and told there would be a $60 processing fee for replacing the phone. This made no sense since you can buy a new one for nearly the same price. I pulled the sim card and purchased another phone. I would not recommend this one.

This phone is not very fancy but has all the features.Touch screen is not so great .I bought this phone for my 12 year old and so far it is working great.

this phone is ok only. to use on a other phone system that is on phone is BAD.  the internet code is internal very hard to change

My complaine is that not USB cable coming with this phone, no know i have to buy one. that is my point, other way is working good

great phone ,small ,clean, fast , 4 sure if i can find something like that i buy it , maybe if is possible to get it in a uncommon color like green ,great phone in a few words

Need more info on product discriptions on all products.Like what items come with in the box?Headsets,charger, USB cord etc...

Touch screen is not very user friendly. Big lag between touching applications and the phone actually going to those applications. Basically, you get what you pay for... Guess I didn't abide by that rule.

I am not typically a bad review writer, but this phone is the worst electronic device I have ever owned. I bought it through Amazon for $80 with a $50 prepaid credit, so I guess I really got $30 worth of phone.Let's see - the positives: The device is attractive and easy to use, nice and small so it fits well in the pocket (watch out for key scratches on the screen!). The menu that drops down from the top of the main screen is very useful, it has a decent amount of ring tones, and surfs the web pretty well (though the fonts are typically too small).The negatives: The first phone I bought had issues from the get go. It would drop calls and go into a "dead" state after a while where incoming calls got my voice mail and outgoing calls would look like they were going through, but then the 5 network bars would drop to zero and the call would just sit there and not connect. Very frustrating, especially for my family trying to reach me. It seemed that this state was reached after one successful call, then while looking like it was still functional (looked on, 4-5 bars network, etc) it was just dead and I would finally find out it wasn't working when I tried to use it. Anyway, this is consistent with other reviews I have read since. So - I sent it to warranty (after dealing with very rude customer no-service personnel) and a replacement was sent. It has been working fine for around 10 months (and my opinion about the phone was changing) until early this week when the touch screen stopped working. Buttons still work but touch screen is dead, and it's been over a year since the original purchase, so I'm out of warranty. Fortunately for me, I'm out only $30, but the frustrations definitely weren't worth it.I would not recommend this phone for anyone, at all.I am putting this at the end of the review b/c I don't know if this is due to AT&T; or the phone, but there are entirely too many dead spots in the network and it just seems the network signal strength should have been better at certain times. Could be an insufficient antenna in the phone, or just bad AT&T; coverage.And, to try to balance that out for AT&T;, their 10 cents/minute prepaid plan is awesome, so I am staying with them.

After years and years of buying cheap, crappy phones from the internet I have finally learned my lesson after buying this phone. This phone was nothing but trouble, it lost signal all the time and would freeze constantly. It busted on me at work and shortly afterwards got stolen, so in a sense that was a blessing. Don't waste your time, just go to your service provider and buy a nice phone.

This the worst phone I every buy  wouldn't recommend it to no one The back is very thin and it very small not recommend for an adult

Great phone.  Very happy with it.  It's easy to use and I feel like I made a good purchase online.

It is not a good phone if u have T-Mobile. I can never get a network, never send a text. Be very careful if u want this phone. The price is right but guality is!!!!###@@$$^^%%. And I mean it. This is a very bad phone. It really an AT&T; phone. Your Sim card from T-Mobile will work but u don't get service. It is horribl. I hate it.I really like the phone when I can make phone calls. It always says "Emergency Calls Only". I am with T-Mobile. I called them. My bills was paid up. I took out battery and that still not help. Please be careful when buying this phone. Everything else is great but when I needed to make an important call I couldn't. I can't send it back, cause I will be with out a phone. Being in my situation (in a wheelchair) it is very important I have phone at all times. Cause I need help. So u  c it is a necessity.

The phone was for my daughter, to tie her over til our plan was up for renewal and it has worked out great she likes the phone.

I was hoping other reviews were wrong, but alas, they were spot on. Phone worked great for nine days, then, after charging the phone, it refused to turn back on. I sent it back ASAP and received a prompt and full refund--the only thing GOOD about the transaction!

I bought this phone a while back, and it was by far the worst phone I have ever used. I didn't use it more then a week. The touch screen sucks, the internet is almost uncapable of being used because of the font. I hated it. I wouldn't even text at all on it because that's how horrible the touch screen was.

A very good and reliable phone to use. Tho phone is very easy to use and has a good networking abilities.

Phone order was my own mistake, I thought was different phone, so of course I was disappointed but was my fault not the seller. Seems to be good working phone

This phone is so not worth the money. It constantly freezes and makes noises when attempting to make a call. I asked for a refund and they asked me to return it, and I haven't heard back. I know they received it because of the tracking but now im being told that I can't get refund.

I was very disappointed in my purchase i though i was getting a U.S Cellular phone but was sent an AT&T phone

This pre paid cell it is really cute and I love touch screen. You can have internet and see everything

has been a good buy, since the phone is lightweight, inexpensive and with the necessary functions to capitalize, delivery was on time, no problem with the product arrived in good condition, flawless, thanks

This was purchased as a gift to another. So I am unable to give any further comments at this point of time. when I get a feed back I will convey the same to youMohamed

The phone is nice, but simple. It is OK for calling and messaging. It has a nice touchscreen and decent speakers (actually very good volume). The software is the same as in other LG phones, easy to use but not a smartphone.I was concerned because it has the AT&T; logo, but it came unlocked as described, and worked as soon as put my SIM. The phone comes with the battery, the charger and the manual. It does not have the handset neither the USB cable or software to sync with a PC. The USB cable is easy to find in any store and the PC recognize it as a storage device, so you can upload music, themes or other files.There is one issue so far, it comes with a few ringtones and you can't set a song as a ringtone. I have read in some forums that you need to convert the song to ringtone first (less than 20 sec, 90kbps) but I haven't tried.If you are going to use it as simple phone is OK, but I think that for a couple of extra dollars you can buy a better phone like the LG Cookie

Because we are over a year left on our contract getting the cell thru AMAZON was cheaper than replacing the phone thru our carrier.  It is a great phone, battery life is good too.  Easy to get setup, just took ii into AT&T store, no setup up cost and 15mins was out the store with a working cell.

This is good phone. Does what I need until my contract is up and I can switch to a smartphone, it's a good phone & good price for replacement use or a second phone.LG Prime GS390 Unlocked Phone with Touchscreen and 2MP Camera - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black/Silver

I bought this phone for my grandson as a replacement phone to be used on the AT&T network.  The phone wouldn't function properly so we took it to the AT&T  service center and were told that because it was a 2g phone they couldn't supply a 2g sim card and that the phone was obsolete.  It wasn't an expensive phone but it was a complete waste of money!

To be honest I was thinking of getting an IPhone, but with all the great LG phones I had in the past I decided to buy another LG and again I am more than satisfied. Thanks :)

It is a basic cell phone with good features and works like a charm. I only use my phone for emergencies and personal family use and it is great. Recommend it is highly.

Hey I really don't like this item and I really need my money back. I try to print it in Amazon return, but I can't .plaese tell me what I need to do.Thanks I appreciate

i ordered this cell thinking it came up as a great cell but it was omitting the wifi on it so it was not what i was looking for or could use.

It is a present for my nephew . He really love it! He is a teenager and I think that it is enough..

It does not charge! When you unplug the charger the phone does not keep the charge. I am disappointed with this purchase.

The phone itself is fine-however it does not appear to be completely unlocked as it is not possible to send or receive pictures with a text messge-this is frustrating.

I bought this phone two weeks ago because I thought it a good phone, what a disapointment! I can't receive any MSS, i CAN'T ACCESS LOT OF THINGS. iT'S ONLY GOOD FOR TEXT MESSAGES AND RECEIEVING CALLS ONLY! I don't recommend this phone to ANYBODY! Right now I shipped it back as in right now! I bought a new phone with A RESOANABLE PRICE. Be carefull. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!

I purchased this phone to replace my phone that wasn't working well since my contract with AT&T; wasn't up yet. Installation of the SIM card was easy and that's about all the good I can say about it.I have tested and played with many touch screen phones lately as I was counting down the days until my contract was up. Out of necessity I had to make this quick decision. The layout of the menu is not very user friendly. But the worst part is attempting to actually use it. I cannot scroll through the contacts without accidentally calling someone. Moving my finger up the screen will scroll sometimes but 'select' another, causing a panic looking for the cancel button. One time it was in my pocket just sitting on the couch and my child's phone rings and it's my phone calling. I looked at my phone and it showed 37 outbound calls within the last minute to their phone.I got rid of it real fast and I would not recommend this phone... to anyone.

the phone was easy to program,and it works real great since i only use it to send and receive phone calls.

I like this phone for my niece and hope she will love it to. But I will be order again from you.

I hardly ever talk on the phone.  I text and that's it.  I use my Kindle for internet when I'm not in front of a desktop comp or with a laptop and when I talk on the phone I use my work line or house phone.  When I DO you use my cell for a quick convo this phone is just like any other.  So texting is my main purpose for this and it does the job perfectly.  Holds a charge for a long time and is simple to figure out.  This is actually my second order of this phone.  The first one lasted for years and had been through everything.  Canoeing, the bar scene, multiple states and more.  Meaning it's been dropped, gotten wet, the whole gamut and it lived to tell.  After 5 years the touch screen calibration started to fail and so I just ordered my 2nd one.  It's not huge like the phones are now but it's cute and doesn't look old school.  I prefer not being in a contract because I just can't justify $60 or more/month when I simply don't use it that much.  I pay $20 every month for texting and when I want more or any talk time I choose what to pay.  I'd recommend this phone for a teenager who isn't allowed in the family plan yet or someone like me who doesn't need web access via phone.  Note: you CAN get online from this phone but it's reduced to 40% or something so you constantly have to zoom and wait.  But the camera is fine as well as the other features.

I liked my old flip phone better than this!!! This phone says "no network" at random and i couldnt make any calls or text for about the next 3 hours. I hope you take my advice because you arent getting what it says you are.

I purchased this phone July 2011 as a replacement phone for my teen daughter. She absolutely loves it. She is very pleased with it. She loves the touch screen.  she wishes that it had a better variety of ringtones but this doesn't interfere with the function of the phone. The only down fall is it didn't come with a instruction booklet or an earpiece, because she like to talk and put the phone in her pocket so she doesn't have to hold it and this is why the earpiece would be very handy. I wanted to purchase another one for myself but according to my daughter, its not cool for mom and daughter too have the same phone in the same color...maybe if it was in another color.

Phone is fine, the only thing is that  on freeways lose signal a lot and it only can make emergency call only. I did not have that problem with my other phone. It is really frustrating.

i ordered this phone for my wife who is stuck in a t-mobile contract and the phone she has she has trouble reading the texts so i thought i would get her a better phone,but in my haste to find a phone that would work on her network i failed to read the reviews which is one of the reasons i love amazon,the phone is very twitchy its hard to input contacts and all the icons didnt work  so im returning it with haste.

purchased the phone for my mother who is a hard time seeing the numbers on her old phone but wanted to be able to take photos of her grand kids once we got her to understand the features on the phone it worked for her. The can be adjusted to view numbers larger.

I want this phone when I'm 13 years old. I was born in 2001. My cool nick name is lawhite

Works great with any of the networks here in Venezuela. It is very efficient when being used. It is very versatile

I bought this phone for my mum, she is pretty much very careful with what she owns, anyways she uses this just for sending and receiving calls, well after 3 months, she can only receive, does not send out calls. whenever the dialer is up it diverts to message or some other menu on the phone..

I've had this for some months now and nothing has ever went wrong. When I got it, battery was half-charged and already unlocked. It is worth the money even though I got it on sale for $59.99USD. Worth 4 Stars if you want more touch less type.Pros:Large Screen with Great DisplayGood TouchscreenLoud Volume for Calls, Radio, Video and MusicEasy to UseCall quality is clear. No DroppingFairly good browsing speedCan use AT&T; Social Net for Facebook, Twitter, MySpace and RSSCons:Ugly/Useless WidgetsCannot remove the "MEDIANET" AT&T; PlanCannot use the IM, Mobile Email and App CenterToo glossy (Way too many fingerprints on the battery case, buttons and touch-screenLags on some applicationsCannot set apps to use HTML all the time (e.g Opera Mini 6)Dims way too quicklyCrap camera. The LG Xenon's Camera is 2MP but looks like 12MP. This LG Prime is 2MP but looks like 0.5MPToo dark in sunlight (on full brightness)Overall it's a good phone, I downloaded applications like Opera Mini 6, Oxford Dictionary, some games etc. But from my PC. Don't let the 4 stars scare you. No one gets a 5 Star from me.

I bought this phone because the price was decent. Yes, you get what you pay for. The following are the issues I had with the phone. 1) When I text on the phone(I do a lot), the dial pad sticks, causing me to input a number instead of a letter. Very annoying. Then my cell provider had to send me a replacement because the screen would not acknowledge any touches. After a few months with the replacement, I experienced the same thing again. Very frustrating! I just want to inform everyone so you don't make the same mistake I did.

This quit working after a month and could not get any support to fix the problem. Absolute waste of money

So, this phone was great for the price-- BUT, after a while, it started sending fractions of texts and sometimes it doesn't send my texts at all. I probably wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone who texts a lot. In fact, there was a point in time when my phone only sent squares when I texted people. It is frustrating, so unless you are using this phone for a very short amount of time until you can get a new one, don't buy it!!

this phone...sucks! I hate it! It constantly freezes up and drop calls, loses service. You have to reboot it alot! The picture quality is blurry and horrible, a toaster could take better pictures. don't buy this phone unless you want disappointment. My husband and i both have this phone, his is worse off then mine.

PROS: Speedy Delivery. Unlocked/Sim supported. Included basic supported material.CONS: Will require USB cord purchase and knowledge of converting ringtones. Does not support 3G Network. All picture messages/voice messages will be required to be downloaded in your gmail account instead of being downloaded automatically(so if you lack internet connection on your data plan, forget it).FM radio Instructions or logo/app unavailable. Oh yeah, it is not actually black.Summary: If you have very little knowledge of cell phones and just wish to make/receive calls and basic supported texts, this may be a useful phone for you. But if you're the kind of user that expects all media files recieved to be immediately viewed upon opening, a variety of ringtones or supplied ones to be assigned individually and converted in factory, fm radio, a USB cord provided and an easy to use interface...Wait till your uprgrade or dish out the extra fundage for a more compatible phone to your liking.

I had the LG Neon before and hated it. I now have the LG Prime and am very pleased with it. It does tend to drop the signal when I am in school but that is due to the age of the school. I like the call quality and it doesnt't mention that it has a Built In FM RADIO!!!! such a nice phone :)

i cannot connect to the internet. no social media. i dont see any games really. just needed more features. overal

Phone did work for two weeks and it start acting.Once you  dial a app it never shuts off .It's keep on dialing and the only way you could shut it off by opening the cover off and take the battery out. what a headache !!!!!!!!!!!!Battery life is way short.

The shipping was quick. I bought this cell phone as a practice phone for when I upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy 3. I've never used a touch screen phone before and I have found this phone does the trick. A few problems, I have to take out the battery often as it stops working frequently. There's no indicator light to show that I have a missed call or text (something I've become accustomed to with my trusty BlackBerry).  All in all, I am pleased.

I love this phone. It is the best so far I have ever had. I bought it from Sierra Leone using a gift card I won on facebook. I directed the product in care of a friend in New York and it was delivered to her within three days time, which was very good.Judging the price from Sierra Leone, it is very very cheap, that's one thing I like about it. It cost me less than it worth.However, it does not cater much for persons in countries like Sierra Leone with poor Internet connections. Most facilities on the phone requires fast Internet connection in order to make use of them. For example, you need good Internet to buy ringing tunes, to watch tv shows, etc. Unlike other phones we regularly use here (in which you can send any music and use that music as a ringing tune), you can not easily add ringing tunes of your choice on this phone, it will respond with: "file too large to use as a ringing tune", making it hard for people with little computer skills to add ringing tunes.I will give this product four stars out of five. I like it and if I have another chance, I will like to buy another one as a gift for my loved one.

i bought the first one for my teenage son.  seemed like a good phone for the price.  his dad liked it too so after a couple of weeks i bought another one for him.  a few weeks later, my husbands phone didn't receive any calls or textes for well over 7 hrs... bad since he is in the medical field.  a few days later, my son's phone did the same thing.  both phones receive messages and textes at random.  my son's phone would only make emergency calls once and when i called him went to voice mail.  the only way to fix this problem is to turn off the phone and turn it back on again.  problem is, you pretty much never know when it isn't working.  we have had the same cell carier for years and never had this happen until we started using this phones.  next time, i will stick to samsung like we usually have....

its a pretty neat phone. its easy to use and has some pretty cool features. i would recommend the phone to another....

this phone is a waste of money. When i got it wasnt to bad but through the year it got worse. When its in my pocket it calls people the its a gophone so when you call it wastes your money.It called 5 people which wasted $50!!!!!!! I hate this phone. Dont be satisfied cause of the price.

doesn't work for x&#T Hate it. My daughter bought a phone used for thirty dollars and its soooo much better than this one.

A gift for my daughter and she loves it very much.  I have not seen it because she lives 300 miles away but told me she love this phone.

works well, packaged properly, arrived on time and is a great buy. Pricing was very competitive and i would recommend this item.

Fancy looking yet the easy to use if you're on a prepaid phone or just don't like complexities of smartphones.

good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident fine  and good

A major disappointment. First, just out of the box, the phone failed to charge. No matter how I tweak the cable nothing happened. I'm not sure if I've had this experience before. Isn't battery charging a very basic technology? But LG didn't get it. Then within 5 minutes of use, the phone freezes. I couldn't even switch it off. I'm not very picky when it comes to cell phone, but if it fails on these basic operations, what's the use of it? Don't even think about buying it.

The phone was all plastic. there was not sim card. The  key pad was hard to use. it look different from what I saw

cant use web phone sucks did not last a week till couldn't hear calls might as weel burn the $67.00 and call it good.

The phones appearance and functionality are what I expected, the phone does not have as many features as I expected. It is more of a top of the line phone first device rather than a bottom of the line smartphone.

I bought it for someone as a gift for use overseas. She said that the phone works very well and seems to be satisfied. The phone is very user friendly and small enough to fit a woman purse. I consider it a good purchase. Thanks

It is a okay phone. But cant do wat i did with my pantech link. You get wat u pay for.

Perfect replacement phone, touchscreen is not high tech. Works fine for texts and calls. Much better than going through carrier!

its a good phone. Depends on what you want but for its price, you wouldn't get anything better. i like .

The Store was very efficient upon the sending of item.  One of my friends had bought me a phone to replace my old one, so I returned this one, and they were very efficient, and it was a speedy return.  Thank you very much for your Outstanding Customer Service.

Arrive on timevery good, I had no problem with shipping. I recommend this article broadly to anyone who is interested. Easy to handle, light and good. I love a lot.

When I was updating his contact the . Or even trying to place a call the phone freezes or it choose the incorrect numbers

I bought this phone to use only a small portion of the time, as I typically use Google Voice for all my phone needs. I have the ATT pay as you go plan, and only use this phone occasionally. I have had it for a year and a half, and I've never liked it at all. Now it's falling apart, when you touch the screen in one place, it activates something else on a different part of the screen. The screen gets scratched up really easily. The interface is terrible. This is definitely the worst phone I have ever had in my life. I would seriously trade this for the phone I had ten years ago.

My daughter from Port-au-Prince Haiti requested  the LG.This unit works perfectly well overseas GSM system from Digicel.She loves it .

it's a direct replacement of my last phone.  the touch screen went out on my last one after 3 years.  i wanted a basic phone with as qwerty key pad that wasn't tiny.  i asked for something not-so-smart and this one fit the bill.  i was delighted to replace it for $50.

This is one of the lousiest phones I have ever owned.  It is half decent for texting since it has a QWERTY keyboard, but the keys are very small so it takes caution to not embarrass myself.  The camera works well, but here's the beginning of the problem.  The phone is horribly difficult to figure out and use.  I am still trying to get pictures off the thing.  The touch screen response is terrible.  Often times it doesn't respond at all.  The screen layout must have been done while sleeping.  Who puts the scroll button 2 millimeters from the delete?  Someone once told me that some phones are better for texting, others for making calls.  That is definitely true for this phone.  Try to make a call with this thing in an emergency and you're dead for sure.  Too many hoops to jump through just to dial a number or worse yet respond to number prompts.  It has one nice texting feature in that it can group conversations together.  So if you're like me and have multiple texting conversations going at once or need to quickly review the history of a conversation you can do that well.  Over all however this phone is barely useable as a phone.I love my iPod Touch and would likely love the iPhone, but I guess you get what you pay for.  This time I got much less.

wasnt what I expected Im unable to download any music but other than that everything else works just fine thanks

The phone worked for awhile then all the features got mixed up cant seem to fine the features where it suppose to be some of them are in more than one apps very confusing and I cant seem to fix it can you tell me what to do? I would be most grateful

I bought this phone for my brother and he really like it. Great phone for a kid that only going to text and make a call.. Very simple phone. So far works great,....

This is a good phone for what it is. Expecting iPhone performance, get an iPhone. This is a GoPhone with limited apps  and capabilities. Call quality is what you would expect for the price. The screen locking feature is a minor annoyance when you learn how the phone works. The built in FM radio is good, several co-workers were annoyed that they could only listen to local stations with apps. Learn to work within the phones capabilities and you will have few problems with it.

This is more preferable wa of shoping fast cheap and easy.I like shaun he was responsible and quick responder to any issues i had.excellent customer service

I have had this phone for longer than i can remember. It still works and I have dropped it a lot so it is durable. Some reviews people don't like it but to be honest it isn't that bad. Yes it was EXTREMELY hard to figure out but once you do it is a nice little phone to have. Some people say it is hard to make a call but It is just like any other phone you dial a number and press call, The Voice call feature where you say the name or number and it calls the person works about half the time but if your in a quite place and talk clearly it usually works. I like that it has a micro SD slot so you can add pictures music and video(though the screen is way too small to watch a movie on). The internet on the phone is next to useless meaning that you can't watch videos on it. The touch screen texting really sucks. I have had the phone for such a long time and I still mess up texting. However bad these things are it still gets me by.

I bought this back is 2010 and It crashes all the time, forcing me to hold the power button for a long time so I can restart it.  The restive touch screen is horrible (it's like really hard to touch).  The webrowser does not even function right on modern websites.  The Java OS has limited amounts of apps and only a very few app's are available, and a simple game like tetris is 5 dollars on this phone..  The only thing I like about this phone is that it is Unlocked.That's all I have to say

this phone doesn't work like we expected it to, somtime we casn't get a signal and the calls or dropping. Can I exchange it for another one such as a samsung and pay the different if any. I like samsung the best.

I bough this for mt grandson who has already distroy it. good price, he like the color and if I had to buy it again I would.

is a good small phone;however sometime it difficult to take a call as the touch and hold don't always work

This is good phone, not great. Does what I need until my contract is up and I can switch to a smartphone. The web browser is weird every time you go to a web page the font shrinks to 40%, and you have to zoom out on every page not matter what you set the previous page to. All in all it's a good phone for replacement use or a second phone.

this little phone is a total trash.it may looks good online but it's no good I have this phone to travel outside the country when I get there I have to buy an other one.because it was a total sisaster.

The phone arrived, speedy and well organized. That is about as far as the positive review goes. The phone is terrible can not hold a conversation, on it without it losing a signal, and at times which would be all times the phone has a message that says emergency calls only so you have to take out the battery and wait. To text, you have to turn off the phone wait for it to come back on then if it feels like it, the phone may send it, but not before you cancle the text and try to resend it again after three or four times the phone might and that is a weak might. When you are making a call and you have nine dollars on your phone, You have the pleasure of hearing the automated voice say ( your balance is low please refill your account press one for 15$, 2 for 25$),there are a few more numbers but you have to press the # key then the voice says please hold your call is being transferred thats not all if you have actually run out of minutes. As you press the refill your account that is on the phone the voice again says ( you know I pulled up your account and it seems that you only have Such-and-such left, if you would like to add money just say add money and I'll take care of it). So you say add money, and behold she says ill transfer you so you can take care of it, and its a short pause and a few beeps and its her again. You have to go through so much to do anything. Be Forewarned if you like to be frustrated,disappointed and annoyed then this is the phone for you, just stay faraway from this phone I would not wish this phone on my worst enemy. P.S the original power cord that came with the phone burned out within the first week.

Depending on usage the mobile stops working after a few months. it starts to get very slow and then it stops responding.

Phone immediately connected with AT&T service then denied me service since I am a T-Mob customer. Phone was advertised to work with both networks, it didn't. Could not send or receive emails. Phone loaded with AT&T apps. Lessons learned: Buy no phone with an AT&T logo on it. This is the 2nd time I have been burnt on an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone. Luckily, the purchase was an Amazon fulfillment item.

I bought this one for my daughter, she liked it, but I loved it! I found everything easily and was able to set my own ringtone not just ones that came with the phone.  I would recommend this one to anyone.

This phone is a waste of time and money cant access intrnet apps or picture mail really unhappy with it

The cellphone doesn't have wifi and my daughter like to scan the internet without having to pay or us her data.

This is a decent phone for stand-in purposes when you need a phone but have a few months before upgrade-eligibility.  Smaller links on the screen aren't very responsive. I'd rate the operational efficiency a C+ at best.

working good the price was just what in my buget so had money to spend for chrismas and buy other things

I don't like this item, and I will never like it, its quality is so controversial with the ad. In other words its a low quality phone unfit for its price

Its fine if you just want a phone with touch keyboard. If you dont have a internet plan its not the best. All the games arnt free and you cant send or get picture but you take them. Its just alright.

PROS: Speedy Delivery. Unlocked/Sim supported. Included basic supported material.CONS: Will require USB cord purchase and knowledge of converting ringtones. Does not support 3G Network. All picture messages/voice messages will be required to be downloaded in your gmail account instead of being downloaded automatically(so if you lack internet connection on your data plan, forget it).FM radio Instructions or logo/app unavailable. Oh yeah, it is not actually black.Summary: If you have very little knowledge of cell phones and just wish to make/receive calls and basic supported texts, this may be a useful phone for you. But if you're the kind of user that expects all media files recieved to be immediately viewed upon opening, a variety of ringtones or supplied ones to be assigned individually and converted in factory, fm radio, a USB cord provided and an easy to use interface...Wait till your uprgrade or dish out the extra fundage for a more compatible phone to your liking.

I had mine for about 7 months, & occasionally the screen would freeze, but ONE time, it just completely froze, I turned it off & back on, & the screen only worked on ONE side! I would hit the left side, it would select something from the right. I don't recommend this phone unless simply a TEMPORARY phone.

does the package come with a microsd card? i need to know so i can know to buy one ... answer please

it was cute but really small. was for someone else as gift. works fine for  go phone. i always use att.

I THEN ASKED FOR RECEIPT OF PRODUCT WITH SALE BEAUSE SERIAL NUMBERS CAN ONLY BE REGISTERED TO ONE OWNER NEW STILL NO PHONE ITS THE 14TH

Although lg teams are very good, this one is too basic for my taste, no headphones, I had trouble putting on my chip and was not expected. Thanks for your attention.

I BOUGHT THE PHONE AS REPLACEMENT FOR MY DAUGHTER'S PHONE. SHE LIKES THE PHONE AND I WAS EQUALLY PLEASED THAT THE PHONE ARRIVED ON TIME.

I originally purchased this phone as a replacement phone if something happened to my HP Veer, but I instantly decided to make this my primary phone. The ease of use was wonderful compared to the HP Veer! It's touchscreen works flawlessly! The call quality was great! It also let me to listen to music and took great-quality pictures! I have a Samsung Galaxy now, but the LG Prime is definitely one of my favorites. I have had the LG Prime for 2 years and it is still in great condition!

Great replacement phone for my daughter!  She tells me that is works great for her.  I found that this is a great to replace a phone.

This phone dose not hold up drop calls and the screen stared to streaki would not buy this one again.

I thought this phone was like a smart phone but is not. If you are looking for a basic phone, this one will work for you. If you are looking for a smartphone do not purchase this phone.

Took phone to Jamaica, phone worked good for what was needed. Plan to buy 3 more .5 people next trip.

I was taking it as this phone had WiFi. When I got it come to find out it does would love to send it back not happy at with the phone THANK YOU

was for 12 year old grandson made him very happy. He thought it was great Tried to use tmobil said unlocked phone but would not get online had to buy att sims.

Plusses: Good sound quality, both incoming and outgoing. Easy-to-read screen, except in bright daylight. Texting and dialing screens are easy to use. Easy to change between silent, vibrate and ringer modes. Menus are easy to navigate.Minuses: The camera -- colors are dull and images aren't sharp. I wasn't even interested in a camera when I bought this phone, but now that I have it I use it a lot and I wish the picture quality were better.Scrolling is difficult -- it either doesn't move at all, or it scrolls too much. Ex: When I want to scroll down to the D's, it doesn't move at first, but then suddenly it scrolls down to the W's. Once in a while the contact list 'oscillates' -- when I try to select an item, the list vibrates up and down and I find myself playing Whack-a-Mole for about 10 seconds (but not in a fun way at all).

Excellent service from vendor. The phone is everything I wanted. Very satisfied and worth every penny. Easy to use camera. My experience has been only the best.
