
You just should know that the other reviewer saying "let's set the record straight" and that this isn't a smartphone was TOTALLY MISLEADING and just plain uninformed. This phone definitely IS a smartphone and, a Smartphone does not have to be an "Iphone or other Android devices".Honestly- was that review serious??That other reviewer said some things that were just completely false.  Whether this is just a cellphone or a smartphone aren't just semantics either.When you buy simply a cellphone you expect just that. When you desire to buy a smartphone you should expect to see the other/additional features that the below  definitions entail.And, according to PCMagazine's Encyclopedia and Merriam-Webster's this is certainly a smartphone which has what's described.Now, allow ME to set the record actually/factually straight:  According to PCMagazine's Encyclopedia (which, by the way, contains over 20,00 IT Terms):  A smartphone "is a cellular telephone with built-in applications and Internet access. Smartphones provide digital voice service as well as text messaging, e-mail, Web browsing, still and video cameras, MP3 player, video viewing and often video calling. In addition to their built-in functions, smartphones can run myriad applications, turning the once single-minded cellphone into a mobile computer."Also, according to the Merriam-Webster dictionary:  A smartphone is "a cell phone that includes additional software functions (as e-mail or an Internet browser)".The above are facts. Not just some opinion or someones' unproven restated opinion. And, it should be noted, above, that PCMagazine's Encyclopedia says that smartphones CAN RUN myriad applications IN ADDITION to the smartphone's already built-in functions...meaning that a smartphone is not, mandatorily, necessitated to be a several hundred dollar application-laden Iphone (that's just common sense).Now whether this is an entry level, high end or low level smartphone is irrelevant- after all, it's very inexpensive and prepaid: And, smartphones can run a price gamut of only $28.00 to an outrageous $500.00! So, what level of Smartphone is this?? Well, that answer is obvious.While a lot of the more expensive smartphones do have an OS (Operating System):  In lieu of an OS, this device runs/maintains Internet functionality via Java Apps (programs built into the browser which interprets the instructions for web browsing, etc.). And, this Smartphone is relatively, extremely inexpensive in comparison to other ones- so, the manufacturer's choice for you to use Java in lieu of an actual OS to access the Internet/web browsing functionality is understandable.And, yes- I have purchased this phone (I really bought it as a back-up phone but, but find myself using it as much as my regular one!):  The functionality- including web browsing and Internet use is pretty good. But, I did take off 1star because I thought that the keyboard letters could've been a bit bigger. So, the keyboard did take a bit for me to get used to.Anyway, again:  Yes this is, indeed, a smartphone. Ok, emphatically said- THIS IS, ACTUALLY/FACTUALLY a smartphone.Now, some people are of the opinion that a phone absolutely cannot be a smartphone unless it's in the range of an iPhone or some high end or even low end Android driven devices?? But, that's their OPINION.That's like saying that my $225.00 Dell D610 laptop pc is not a pc because it's not a $2000.00 Acer laptop or similarly priced Desktop!Now, if you want an extremely/outrageously overpriced smartphone that can do almost everything except drive your car and babysit your kids, then:  Well, it's your money- so that's a nobrainer.But, in that case- then WHY would you even be on this page looking at this smartphone??That's a nobrainer as well.So, as you can see- what that other reviewer stated is, unequivocally, untrue.My mother always said that if I couldn't tell the truth then zip my lips shut.So, in the other reviewers case he or she should keep his hands off the keyboard.I hate to seem anal, but, as a potential customer- It's just annoyingly disconcerting and frustrating to read reviews from someone who insists upon redressing their opinion in factual garb when it is just misleading or an outright lie.And, I've always felt that an misinformed buyer can be a regretful one (as I have experienced)! So, I really hope that I've been helpful to any potential buyers out there!

I have had this phone for a couple of weeks and am sooooo pleased I got this one searching for a phone without a contract. I am in love with this phone. The only the I am not fond of about this phone is that the battery does not last as long as i wish it would but I am such an avid user I run the battery down in one day. Btw im writting this reveiw from my phone. Oh and ps the unlimited plan is not technacly unlimited. IT'S acctully 50000 minutes so its virtully impossible to run down the minutes on that plan.

It has a high digital-quality screen display, neat appearance and light weight.I don't feel necessary about iphones as long as I can call/text. So LG900G fits me perfectly at such a price.

Welcome back.  I tried the samsung net 10 prepaid phone and could not type more than 300 words.  I previously had this phone, which nothing was wrong and traded it in. I got it back.

I thought that I'd really found a great phone when I first began investigating the purchase of a replacement Net10 phone for basic text and talk.There have been some mixed reviews, but most have been generally favorable for this phone..I would have to agree with the favorable reviews except for one horrible shortcoming for this phone which should make ANYONE take pause before considering a purchase of the LG 900G.The shortcoming is this:To the person on the other end of the conversation, when speaking into the LG 900G it sounds distorted as if you are speaking through a mouthful of marbles.Audio quality on the other end of the call is worse than terrible... it is horrendous!Lest you believe that maybe I had ONE bad phone.  Oh no!  I purchased THREE of these devils and each one of them are almost unintelligible to the person to whom you are speaking.At first, I thought my wife just didn't know how to speak into the telephone properly and that was causing the distortion and horrible audio on the other end.I then switched and I spoke in the phone with her listening.  She missed about 50% of the conversation when I spoke because the microphone built into this phone is so awful.Thinking that maybe I just purchased one phone with a bad mic, I then purchased a second, and finally a THIRD telephone.  EVERY ONE OF THEM produced unintelligible audio when speaking into the telephone microphone.I have come to the conclusion that this telephone is virtually useless for voice communication.  It's pretty decent for texting (though the keyboard could be bigger).This phone was replaced by a Samsung and the audio produced by the Samsung is sharp and clear.  That proves it has nothing to do with the Net10 network, but the perpetrator of the terrible audio is the telephone itself.Too bad the audio makes this telephone worthless because otherwise it's a decent phone.  If you never use your telephone to speak, then this phone may work for you.However, if you expect to use this phone for voice commication, then run hard and fast AWAY from this phone!!!

I got my phone about 2 days after ordering & I still haven't been able to use it. I'm not sure if it is a dud or not. I got it activated but there is a little message on the screen that says, "Unregistered Sim". I've been to Net10's website looking for help HA! I called them for help & after being on hold for 2 hours I gave up & went to Wal-Mart for another phone just like this one. That one works & I like the phone...just not Net10.

I actually don't use this phone anymore, but I still have it. So I'll just review it based on my previous experience with it. I got this from WalMart.com for ~$30, it was a bonus pack including a 4GB microSD card, a pair of hands-free earphones, and a car charger. It worked very well for the time I've had it.Let's take a tour of the physical form of this phone. The screen is bright and clear, the images look pretty sharp and crisp. The keyboard is full QWERTY, with a few shortcut keys around it. The left side of the phone has the volume controls and the microSD card slot. The right side of the phone has only the camera button (you have to hold it for about 2 seconds to access the camera). The top of the phone has the micro USB port for charging the phone and transferring files, and a 3.5" headphone jack. The back of the phone has the 2 megapixel camera and a little self-portrait mirror, and the hole for the speaker.Upon starting the phone, you will see the home screen. You can actually customize the home screen with a few built-in widgets (not many) by going to Settings >> Screen >> Screen Theme. For those wondering what the button under the left soft key does (the one with the two overlapping squares under the Send button), it is actually a multitasking key; it's useful when you're listening to the music and browsing the web or texting at the same time. The keyboard is quite easy to use, the keys bulge out a little bit so you can differentiate between the keys. The phone has most features you would expect from a feature phone, such as messaging, contacts, recent calls, organizer, tools (alarms, calculator, stopwatch, unit converter, world time, etc.), and even a web browser. The phone is also Bluetooth enabled, so you can use headsets and transfer files and contacts from a computer or other phones.The phone is Java apps/games capable, so you can head over to websites such as GetJar and MobileRated for some Java apps and games. Not all of them are compatible with this phone, so make sure you test them. You can also buy games from TracFone/NET10's mobile website by using the built-in browser on this phone. That reminds me, you might want to use Opera Mini (a Java-based browser) and not the built-in browser, because for some reason, the browser almost always "run out of memory" when browsing even basic websites. If you want to install apps/games without burning your airtime, copy the .jar files to the phone/microSD card, go to My Folder >> Other Files, and select the file; you will then be asked to install the Java program.The camera is quite decent. It takes 2 megapixel images and records QCIF (176 x 144) videos. You can adjust the brightness, white balance, color effect, timer, quality, and other attributes. You can also take photos with burst shot mode, just in case you have a shaky hand and need some help getting the right one. You can also zoom in for photo taking, but you need to set the resolution of the image to VGA (640 x 480) or lower, or else you will be presented with the "zoom not supported" error.You can set your own MP3 files for ringtone, message tone, and start up/shut down tones. Another point of interest is its ability to play SOME flash files (.swf), just make sure they can start playing without the need of interaction from the user, because you CANNOT click on things. One other thing, the phone will default to saving things to the tiny internal memory (less than 50MB), so if you plan on using a microSD card with it (up to 4GB supported I believe), make sure you change the default saving location by going into Settings >> Memory Info. >> Primary Storage Setting and set it to "External Memory".Now onto the miscellaneous stuff. The battery has a capacity of 900mAh, which could power this phone for at least 3 days if used moderately. The phone runs off of AT&T; towers. It is a GSM phone, and CANNOT be used with any other carriers because TracFone/NET10 writes their own firmware onto the phone. The data speed you get on the phone is tower-dependent, and the max is around 240 kilobits per second (Kbps), or 30 kilobytes per second (KBps) since the phone's highest cellular technology is EDGE. If you use your phone quite a lot, go with the NET10 version; if you just want to use this phone as a spare/backup phone or you just never use your cellphone, go with the TracFone version.For the time I've had this phone, I was quite satisfied. Although it's no high-tech smartphone, it gets the job done at a decent price. I was using the phone with NET10's $25 a month plan with 750 minutes for data, calls, and text. If you need a basic feature phone with a physical keyboard, this is the phone to go. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to leave a reply, and I will try to answer questions as soon as possible.

This phone is awesome and it's worth your money. Got it in 2 days and activated it with no hassle.

I have had this phone before for about 2 years and it worked fine for calling and texting however, i couldn't activate it without Net 10 sending another sim card. That is the only reason i gave it 3 stars. Same thing with the Samsung phone i got from Amazon. Don't be expecting a smart phone but it's fine for my use.

do not get this phone. it sucks. i hate it soooooo much. i transfered back to my old phone that i hate becuse this phone is just horible. i hate it!!! imma warn ou. dont get this phone.pros:nonecons:you cant delete all your texts at once you have to delete them seperatly, the keyboard is small, not unlimited texting, etc.

I have no desire to have an iPhone in addition to my iPad, and I don't mind taking this phone with me in addition to pad.I wanted a Blackberry look but not a BB price.  People CONSTANTLY think it is a BB until they get up close!This is not a smart phone per se (it's a dumb phone!) and I am fine with that.  I am a VERY heavy texter, and prefer a raised QUERTY keyboard, which this has.  It holds plenty of contact numbers, etc.  I am not looking to get on the web with this (you can, but the reliability and navigability stink in that arena.  I use my iPad for that).One thing I do not love, and it my be an operator error: I cannot seem to turn off the slot-machine sounds it makes when I type, without killiing other noises that I do want (text alerts).  But the average place in which I find myself is loud...nobody can hear.It takes pictures and you can certainly text them.  They are okay.  Decent, not great.  And some recipients cannot see them well, but THEIR phones are often old and stinky! In that arena, too, my needs are served.If your needs and expectations are pretty simple, this thing is great.  It was about thrity dollars.  No contract.  When I want unlimited minutes in a given month, I paye $50 that month.  Use them or lose them! If I think my usage will be lower, I get 750 minutes for $25.  But I keep blowing through that so $50 is better in the long run.  You can refill online (and I think from the phone).  No need to buy a card.If you want a smart phone and you want it to be your everything and change your life, get an iPhone.One more thing: I have dropped this thing on concrete repeatedly.  It busts open and is as good as new when I put her together! Tough as nails.I do not have a case for it.Update: Okay, apparently this IS technically a smart phone.  It can get you on the web, etc.  But I submit that it does not *function* very well as one, by any means.

I purchased this phone 6/21/2011, It's ok, nothing special.  You really can't get on the internet very well, even after finding the right browser finally but still not the best looking internet to look at.  And now Aug 2013, the phone shuts off won't turn back on and when it finally does come on after a little while it just shuts off.  I was just talking to one of my customers who has the exact same phone and he says it is starting with his phone also.Those 12 year olds who are putting them together in North Korea need to do a better job  lol.The people in the phone section at walmart where I purchased it didn't know much about what I was talking about and just pointed at the phones on the shelf.

This is a solid &#34;burner&#34; phone.  It has a simple Ui, the keys are well designed making texting super easy, and the battery life will put any smart phone on the market to shame.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a basic burner phone that will last.

Great quality for the price. Happy with the camera and ease of use. Bought it for my mother and she loves it. Best prepaid phone.

The one big problem I have with this phone is the number keys. The number keys have a white number on a silver background. All of the letter keys are a white letter on a black background. The numbers are very hard to see in bright sunlight light. At night with back lighting they are fine. This seems like a little thing but it sure isn't for me. I have a very hard time dialing anything except a pre-programmed number. The letter keys are fine and easy to see, white letter on black keys.Other than that, I am pretty happy with the phone. Lately I have been experiencing a loss of signal and dropped calls. I have a feeling something has changed with my local coverage for Net10.The key problem is big enough for me that I would probably not purchase this phone again.As others have said, Net10 customer service is poor. You will be on the phone for ever to get anything accomplished.

Although I did not keep this particular one, the shipment on it what very fast, I just had an issue with it not being scanned first. Probably would not have been much of a problem, i was just personally unable to do it at that time.  The return on it was very easy and had no problems. Great seller.

I LOVE this phone! It's got a built in FM radio that comes in clear as a bell. Instead of having to carry my phone plus my MP3 player when I'm working outside  can now just carry this phone. It takes a standard earphone plug (3.5). I use it with Net10 and am beyond pleased. I don't talk much on the phone but I do love my music. I've got a 4 gb sd card filled with mp3's and I can plug in my earphones and mow to my heart's content. I'm going to go buy another to make sure I have a spare, they're just $25 at Best Buy. Best phone I've had!

If it wasn't for that very tedious phone activation, we'd have 5 stars.  The LG900G phone is a winner, don't see how you could beat it at $30.  Besides all the more-than-adequate phone functions, it's a camera, video camera, MP3 player, FM radio and voice recorder - all of which work well.Now that I'm past the problematic activation (took almost 45 minutes over my land line to get the phone working, many long series of numbers to enter that didn't work, reps that seemed to lack understanding and were robotic and hard to understand, previously on-line-purchased minutes that didn't download to the phone and required the execution of a crediting process), it would be unfair to not give Net10 some credit.  Calls in and out have gone smoothly, audio quality and connections are good.  Web browsing, considering the small screen, has been going well overall (seems to work best using the "mobile web" options and Bing to search out websites - screen formatting is quite usable).  Even if one just sticks to the LG/Net10 "default" websites that are setup for you, there is a wealth of web information available (I was pleasantly surprised by the Wikipedia option and how well it worked).  Also, you can get a bunch of minutes (750) for a very reasonable $25/month, 200 minutes, if that's enough for you, for $15/month (this option has carryover).So if you're on something of a budget, this package is to be recommended.

I bought the LG900G - I like the phone. I don't text or browse, just use it as a phone.  It came in a green (Tracfone) box, I called the tracfone website to activate it, and after 45 minutes on hold was able to get it going.  I was unable to transfer my minutes from my previous (net10) phone because the new one was tracfone.  That was all right.Nice sound, number pads a little small (I am a medium-sized woman), good battery. OK?  Foe just the phone I would have given 4.5 stars.  But....Trying to add time was a nightmare.  I spent over 3 hours on the phone with customer service (ha! - what a joke), only to be told that the LG900 is now a Net10-only phone, and they can't add time through tracfone.  But wait a minute!  They CAN add the time, if I buy a tracfone card and call them to add the time. This was after being told 3 different things by 3 very confused reps, finally getting to a supervisor after an hour on hold.Absolutely horrendous service. Tracfone and Net10 and Straightalk are all the same company, all use the same customer service reps, and my account with this phone is totally screwed up.  I'm going to go back to a contract - not worth the hassle.

LOVE the phone. Hate the customer service. I never had any trouble with the phone I had that was bought before. Have had trouble with this one because bought online. They did not send me a sim card that worked in my area, even though they had my address. Spent an hour with cust. service on Skype before they finally figured this out. They told me it would be 7 days for a new one to be sent. Since I had loved the old one, I was willing to give up 7 days of service. It took 10 days! Then spent another 30 min. using minutes on my husbands phone while they set up the new sim card. I never had a problem with sending pictures or getting on internet with old phone and now I can't with this one( same exact phone). I e-mailed cust. service, was I going to be reimbursed my 10 days, and trouble I was having, and no one ever responded. Nothing but trouble. Will never buy electronics online again!!!!

best net 10 phone i got.it lets u listen to fm radio, take good pics, and has a full keyboard, and has a 3.5mm headphone jack.also it lets u watch 3gp vids  n full screen. and play mp3 music (they should have includedfm rec) , also the speaker phone option u can turnon by pressing the &#34;ok&#34; button when u talk, which is cool when ur hands are busy.cons. small &#34;chrome&#34; hang up and call out button. i guess this was somebodies idea of a joke, especially if u got big hands,but there even small with someone with small hands.so basically it just looks cool until u start calling and hanging up. but u eventually get use to it. like any other badproduct u have to use all the time. lol. -'also sorry alarm volumes and some ring tones, so i was lucky d phn let me put a custom alarm vol and ring tones n by my music editing program.&#34;wave pad editor&#34; even doe i had to change and save d music file to mp3also good long battery life, with a pretty big screen.go net 10 go. with better new products, without the flaws, from r&d.;i been with net 10 for at least 7 years, with d same #, with different better phones.a flip phn got nothing on this phn. trust me i no, especially when ur a txt head.

Net10 is a good deal if you plan on just calling and texting.  Browsing is too slow.  Another issue is three days after activating my phone, I started receiving SMS (text) Spam.  Very annoying since I pay by the minute.  The phone cannot block unregistered (not in contacts) texts, only calls.  Being so cheap, I wouldn't be surprised if Net10 is selling its numbers to telemarketers.

Well.... i ordered this phone. and it doesnt activate. actually most of their phones are duds, and i finally got another one and it semi-activated i bought airtime for my phone and, it doesnt add minutes. and the only thing the net10 service could do for me is get me even more frustrated, i ended up cursing out them on the phone. they literally have the worst english, i've ever heard. they sound handi-capped and just thinking about the service makes me ill. but anyway. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE if u buy this phone beware you might not be able to activate. net10 are theiving scums. go to virgin mobile their great

LG net 10 LG 900 this phone is one of the best pre paid phones i've ever used, it's a very dorable phone

This phone works great i have one con and that is the keys on it are very hard so if you just want to call people get a differnt phone, other than that it is very upscale and nice.

As you'll gather from the other reviews here, if you're looking at this not as a smart phone, but rather as a "not so stupid" phone--particularly if this is the first qwerty-keyboard phone you've bought, as it was for me--then it's a very good deal. Yes, the keyboard is a bit cramped, but it's perfectly serviceable for texting and simple emailing. And yes, the internet access, such as it is, will be slow and frustrating compared to your friends with their slick 3G or 4G service. But it works in a pinch, and given that you can get this on a phone plan that runs only 15 bucks per month, who's complaining?The 320x240 video is ok; the 2 meg photos are unexpectedly decent, and the USB connection to PC is simple to accomplish.Here's where I'm a bit disappointed. I was hoping to retire my workhorse MP3 player with this one. If all you want to do with this phone is play a longish podcast--say, if all you want to do is listen to Car Talk on your way to work--no problem.But if you want to play an actual album, no dice. There is no way to play a set list of songs, one after another, without actually selecting the next tune in some way (either by clicking the right-arrow before one song completely ends to go to the next one, or by laboriously opening the menu and selecting the next song.) I thought for sure I was missing some feature, but I'm not--that's how this thing works, which is crazy.(I would imagine some Java app exists to make mp3 management easier but I've not yet found one for this phone.)

I've had this phone since spring 2011, and it's definitely been worth the price of admission. While it's not a smartphone, it does have a lot of features (camera, browser capabilities, QWERTY keyboard, voice recorder, MP3 player, etc), especially for the price. I've used it mainly for calls and texts and have had pretty good coverage, no dropped calls and good clarity; the browser is a little slow and unwieldy so I haven't bothered to use it much. There are apps available, but not many; if apps are important to you, this isn't really the phone for you.I've also been happy with Net10's service and customer service when I've had to access it; their $25/month plan has met my needs just fine. Can't think of a better value all around.

I've had my LG900g for three weeks now and I have nothing but great things to say about it.  My last ATT&T; phone was the LG Shine and it worked well during the entire length of the 2-year contract, so I trusted the LG brand.  Mine is a Net10 phone and it was easy to register and set up.  I'm not a power user, but with this phone I can do EVERYTHING I want to do...check email, check stock prices, surf the web, etc.  It is fast on the web (at least in my area) and the reception is so good too.  When I bought mine I paid $90 for the phone and a $50 unlimited monthly card so the phone was only $40...quite a buy for a phone with all these features (including music player and FM radio too!)The only initial gripe was that the supplied browser is pretty worthless...it runs out of memory and aborts on just about every web page that has any graphics on it.  I fixed this by downloading the Opera Mini broswer and that fixed everything.  Opera provides a really good browsing experience on this kind of phone.The phone isn't a pedigreed smartphone but doesn't have the battery issues that smartphones have either.  Like my Shine, I charge this one up and I'm good to go for at least three days, even when doing considerable web surfing.  As a bonus, I discovered it even uses the same battery as my LG Shine so I have a spare.I'd recommend the phone to anyone looking for a full featured phone with low power requirements and long battery life.

For a prepaid phone this thing is great. It looks good, feels good, and works good. Would definitely recommend it.

My 13 year old daughter ordered this phone and it is just what she was looking for. She does not need a smart phone because she uses her ipod touch for internet and email, but she wanted an upgrade. Great purchase, she is very happy with her new phone.

very nice cellphone, for the price i got it for.to bad my hands are to bigto type and the buttons to small

Probably what I liked the most about this phone was the price. Most websites where I found this phone were selling it for about twice the price. Love the full keyboard that allows for quick texting.The charger is a universal charger so, it is compatible with chargers of many other phones.The only issue I found with this phone is the operating system. I got used to android and this is nothing close to it. Also, the camera doesn't shoot great pictures.Over all, this is a great phone, super cheap and the prepaid plans from Net10 are also very reasonable.

If you're like me and just want a basic phone, could care less about the Internet, MP3s, etc., this one is for you but just yesterday, after 4 months of use, it died. I charged the battery full and it still won't turn on. I hit the center OK key and nothing. Very frustrating as this is my first ever cell phone after my ATT hardline phone line went dead too (even though my DSL still works). It's as if the Gods of Phones is against me. I'm looking into getting a replacement as I type this on the Net10.com website. Oh, I downloaded a few games and those were great on this phone. The screen is big enough to play Texas Hold'em or pool or anything else. But, like I said, stay away because it will die on you shortly after you purchase it or right after its warranty runs out (as if it was made to die right after warranty runs out).

I've had this phone since April 2011; and I'm ready for an upgrade. This phone is just ok, nothing really that fancy. I have a few dislikes which are nudging me towards buying another phone:-phone volume (even on level 7 it's just not loud enough)-can't use your music files to create a ringtone (too big). First phone that I've owned where my own songs couldn't be selected as a ringtone because of the file size. This stinks and is a deal breaker. Maybe this is now standard in Net 10 phones so we would be forced to go to their website to purchase ringtones.-unlock funtion sucks. It takes a few seconds for it to unlock after pressing the unlock and "ok" button, so I only lock it if it's going in my bag. Sometimes not even then.-sending MMS messages often don't go through. I've resent some messages several times (failed) and blew through a lot of units before finally settling on a regular text message (which instantly goes through). Another Net10 marketing trick?-browser button cannot be replaced with another function. once again, lost units from hitting this in error.I've had Net10 service since 2007. Haven't really had any major problems (some problems, but none that have made me switch). But as soon as I got this phone a little less than a year ago, I was slammed with spam text and telemarkers calling me EVERY day. At least I can reject the telemarkers but the spam texts are the worst. Have no idea until I open it; and then it's too late. One time a spam text was sent to me at 12:30 a.m. What?! Are you kidding me. Net10 is selling our numbers! Net10 is incrediably cheap and they have to make money somehow. They are enploying these tricks to squeeze a little bit more money out of its customers. Fine. I'll live with it, I guess. I'm not going back to contracted cell service. So this is what I put up with.

First, let's set the record straight. I've read many reviews where people say this is a smart phone and it really isn't. It may be smarter than some phones, but it is no where near an iPhone 4s or other android devices. The people that are saying that they see no reason to spend money on a smart phone have obviously never owned a smart phone. That being said, this phone is feature laden for the price and does most things well.The price is great, the monthly plans are an excellent value, but the only thing I really, really hate about this phone, is the positioning of the "browser" button. It is far too easy to hit this when returning to the home screen and doing so causes the browser to open and you are almost immediately debited 1 minute. This may not sound like much, but it happens repeatedly and it adds up. I am not a conspiracy theorist so I'll assume it's just bad design. Until you get used to it, this could be a money drain so I'll just have to teach my child to be more careful. Note that if you are on the offered unlimited plan this won't be an issue, but given the wide array of plan options, I chose to start with a lesser plan as a trial run.It's a good, inexpensive phone and I think it will serve the needs of my child well, but as an iPhone user, I could never, ever replace my true smart phone with this. It's night and day.

At lot of mis-information has been put on these LG 900G feedback reviews.Maybe I can help.This IS a smart phone.Don't use a sd larger than 4gb.I put a class 6 4gb in mine VERY fast.Browser access is fast and easy.Within a few hours of receiving phone I was on Facebook and Yahoo Mail.I opened my browser went to a web page put in a number downloaded and installed a 700kb game on phone's sd.It took 3 minutes of air time,that's 30 cents for a game.If your having a problem with memory,or lack of, make sure your PRIMARY download location is your sd.If not,everything will be added to phone memory and you WILL run out of memory space in a hurry.You CAN mass delete msgs.UNLESS you store them on your sd.Only store msgs you want to save on sd.Someone could not find underscore(_).Press SYM then arrow down,you will find underscore along with every other symbol needed.Takes very good pictures and video.Blutooth worked flawlessly for picture,music transfers and hands-free device.Battery life is very good.1000's of FREE apps,games,ringtones,wallpaper.Dosen"t have GPS or Accelerometer(what do ya want for $27?).NOW,NET 10.I have been using Net 10 for over 7 years with no problems,no dropped calls,very inexpensive.When I transferred my old # and minutes to new phone I got 450 bonus minutes and 60 bonus days service.on top of what I had already!!That's $45 worth of service & minutes.I paid $27 for the phone.That comes to negative $18!!so....no complaints from me!!Got the black case and it looks just like a Blackberry!All the complaints read in the reviews,I believe have been answered.Anyway,as you could tell,I LOVE my LG.MUCH better than expected.Good Luck.......BUY IT!!!Joe H.UPDATE:  You will need to install the Opera Mini Browser App.This will allow access to weather,FB,even Amazon,without a innsuficiant memory msg.You can download it free(along with games apps & wallpaper)at mobilerated . com,also umnet . com has free games & apps.Use your pc to go on website.It will then allow you to download straight from phone,with code supplied on website.Took 3 minutes!!Have had NO problems since!!You can even create wallpaper that you can edit and format to fit screen right from your own pics!.......STILL LOVE THIS PHONE!!!

+Good reception+Sturdy+Keyboard Layout+fast internet+pictures good quality [even with lowest resolution, and it's good.]+Net10 gave me 2.5 cent texting+Battery Life+Customization features-Insufficient Memory errors when going online. Also some sites are just black and white, no pictures [I enabled pictures, JavaScript, etc.]-Keys get clacky/loud after a while [text a lot though, and it's not THAT bad]-Voice recording, audio gets regular-then-loud occasionally [more noticable in Super Fine Quality]-Can't record your own ringtone but you can with message alerts, start up/down. It records in .AMR and it requires .MP3 ringtones.Overall, good phone. Very pleased with it.

This is my second phone with Straight talk....the first was a freebee  refurbished samsung phone which drove me mad.  It was a touch screen and you needed barbie size hands to use it.  I have a blackberry from work and wanted a low key personal phone so I got the freebee.  After much thought I decided to try the LG and got a great deal 9.99 and 30.00 for the monthly prepaid.  This phone is much better easier to navigate and the screen size is very good.  I am able to navigate the menu much better.  I just might by this phone for my kids as their first phone.

I DO NOT LIKE THIS PHONE........ not at all unless u hav an unlimited plan...still though it's a weird phone

So I bought this phone for the sole purpose of texting and I found it really great and fun to use. I enjoy the multi-task option and I enjoy it's size. the only thing I don't like is that you kind of have to have long nails to use the keyboard quickly, not good to use when you break your nails easily. Other than that I really like this phone. I like the accessories I can get for it too.

This phone has been working great ever since I bought it 6 months ago.  I haven't used it for internet browsing or email, but for calls it gets as good reception as our old razr did, which is important because of our remote location.  Texting is also a piece of cake with the qwerty keyboard.  I only gave it 4 stars because I never got the internet or mp3 player to work(you have to buy a memory card for it), but it's attractive and my total phone bill is less than $30 a month using net10's 750 minute card.

i had  my most recent no contract Net10 phone for 10 months. Then, the new LG 900 phone (owned for 3 months at the time October 2012)stopped working without any notice or warnings.  the cell phone would not turn on and displayed the red LG logo on the black screen only.  After 1.5 hours on my home phone with Net10 customer service (you get numerous countries other than the USA), and repeating my contact information 3 times, they agreed to send me a new LG900 cell phone due to the old phone being under warranty and the determination that it was defective from a red dot indicated near the battery.  I knew it was getting fishier when they would not account for the 5 - 7 business days days (my minutes) while I waited for the replacement phone.Then the whopper... I get get the replacement in several days and after trying numerous times to unsuccessfully activate it on line (which I've done easily previously), I called customer service (one of multiple times).  They said over and over, your phone is activated with the same number (confirmed several times).  then I was told to turn off the phone, wait an hour and turn back on.  Finally, after 6 days of this and a new telephone number, I demanded a supervisor.  The supervisor said that my original number was deactivated because it wasn't reactivated within 48 hours, I can no longer get the #back.  I asked why was it deactivated and no one mentioned that?  The supervisor apologized and said that's the policy.I traveled around the world speaking to customer service reps in Israel, Ivory Coast, Philippines and Latin America.  All I can say now is, never again with this company.  I used then for over one year previously and it seemed okay, but customer service was somewhat hard to communicate with. So, while I checked out other companies, I decided to give them one more try...  This was the final straw.

I am bout to buy a blackberry but only becuz its a smartphone. This phone is great n has awesome battery life. Plus net10 is only $45 unlimited

"It came 5 day's early and in the box unopened like described. Just haven't activated it yet." I did however put it together and turned it on and went thru the menu, took pictures and tryed all the features out and it's really nice. Thought I may have a problem with the keys being a little small, but they are no problem for me at all and I don't have real skinny fingers. The pictures are excellent and I love the big screen ! It's loaded with features and I like I can add some app's to it. I would surely buy it again. I seen some people say it's hard to turn it off without hitting the browser instead of the on/off tab. I had no problem at all, so long as you keep your thumb/finger to the far right and don't touch the top of the circle it's fine. I'd think you'd have to either have a really big thumb/finger or just not be paying attention to what your doing to end up hitting the top of the circle instead of the small tab on the right of the circle.

I love the LG 900g.  Unfortunately it does not work in all states.  I live in Montana, I am unable to get the phone to activate.  If your going to buy a Net 10, or any prepaid phone, check the availability allowed in the state so you don't waste your money.

Ok so I didn't rate it a 5, because this is not a touchscreen smartphone.  Nonetheless, it is a great phone.  I spent hours on the phone with Net10 customer service representatives.  One representative even hung up in my face.  How rude?  But anyways, this phone is decent.  Qwerty keyboard, easy to text, great reception, you can listen to music, view the web, etc.  The phone does not have a lot of space on it, so if you're going to download music and take pictures you will have to get a memory card.  Not very durable.  Any little drop will chip off pieces of the phone.  Also the prepaid plans will use your minutes quickly.  If you talk for 10 seconds, they take 1 minute from your prepaid minutes.  It is best to invest in the $50 unlimited plan.  Other than that I really enjoy this phone.  It's decent enough to invest in.  And besides why would you  spend $300/month on a contract phone when you can get this Net10 phone, spend $50/month, and be flexible with your plan?  Beats me too.

Well, I know the opinions so far are very varied on this model of phone.This is my first "smart-phone-wannabe", so I can't compare it to anything but previousSanyo and Motorola phones I've owned.When I got the phone, I was actually pretty surprised by how small this thing is!Not that I expected a Kindle-sized phone, but I certainly thought it would be maybe 2" bigger than it was. That being said, it makes it a bit of a challenge for us older people who already need magnifying glasses on occasion! The saving grace for me will be that I can add the numbers I call the most to the contacts list and go from there!  The Querty keypad that I thought would be great works great, but is really a bit of a pain to use. Men - forget about it. The keys are miniscule and close together. Ladies and younger teens/tweens will probably have no issues. The numbers only exist as a shift/key stroke on the middle set of keys. See the silver color in the middle keys? Those are your numbers. Yup - that's all. I didn't even see numbers on them at all until I turned onthe overhead light and got my glasses on! So, it's a bit of a pain in daylight. In a dark room, they do light up as part of the lighted keypad.We have a regular family plan with another carrier. When we tried to add a phone for me, we were told we could not add another phone yet. (??!?) I suppose they are waiting for the current contract to expire. Anyway, it was a real pain in the rump. I started looking for other services.NOTE: How well this or ANY other prepaid service phone is going to work for you is really dependent upon your area. Tower access differs all over the country, so there isn't any way to say an absolute yes or no as to whether or not this will work for you. That being said, do some research and find out what phones are listed as working in your zip code. WalMart offers that right on their site for the phones they sell. (For me, it was between this and one other carrier. I decided to give Net10 a shot.)I also read HUGE discrepancies in the customer service and workability on this model. The reason seems to stem from where you buy it. The phones, plans and minutes bought directly from the Net10 website seemed to have the most issues with both the phones and the loading of minutes, etc.  I guess perhaps the phones were not checked for working in the areas before being sent out. Buy locally, or from a big retailer with a good return policy, like Amazon or WalMart to cover yourself. Also, there were more issues with the auto-pay monthly plans than with loading minutes that you bought on refill cards, so be sure to consider that. You can load a new card directly from your phone OR from the Net10 website. I bought my card from an online retailer and loaded the code from the airtime code place right on my own phone, and had no problems at all. In fact, it gave me extra time.My phone came with 10 minutes of airtime. The one I bought was also a package which had lots of extras, including a microSD card, car charger, home charger and headphones. What it did NOT come with and you will want, is an LG USB cord so you can transfer things like photos and music from your computer to your phone without using your minutes. (I ordered one today!)Being a prepaid service, it does not allow you to send emails with attachments (sms/mms). Net10 has so far been charging me 2.5 minutes for accepting a message with an attachment from another phone, plus 1 minute to open it, for a total of 3.5 minutes. That is, for example, if someone is sending you a ringtone from their phone. It is worth it, and cheaper than buying one from the Net10 site. The minutes round UP, so if you make a connection and only talk 30 seconds, it is still going to deduct one full minute from your account.This phone is LOADED with features for the price (I got it cheaper than the current Amazon price as of the day of this review). It offers bluetooth (you will need a separate ear or headset which is not included), internet, FM radio (you have to use the headphones for the radio, because the antenna is in the headphones), MP3 player, and oh yeah - you can make and accept calls on it too! ;  )If you want to look for ringtones or wallpapers, I would advise doing so from the ''' Net10 dot com slash data ''' website. Otherwise, it charges minutes against your account while you browse. The only app mine came preloaded with was Facebook. I think it was a quick connection - I got to the signin page, but didn't use it so I saved my minutes.On getting a phone number - that was the only "bummer" part - I could not choose from available numbers. I had to put in the zip code where I would most be using the phone (home for me), and it was randomly assigned from their available number pools. I guess I could call and request a different number if it was something I really hated, but I can live with it. So far, I have no complaints on the call quality.  Most of my calls (incoming and outgoing) will likely be local anyway. My husband works in another city, so we'll see when he goes back to work how good the quality is from there. He called today from the store, and I could hear him very well, and even the people around him were picked up. He could hear me perfectly as well.So, it gets an "A" for quality of call. Again, this probably depends on your local market and cell tower availability.One carrier might work better for you than another, and just read all the reviews you can find. (PS - I learned to pretty muchdiscount the ones who were profane. If they don't mind reviews full of venom, you can bet any interactions with customer servicewere the same, and didn't get a friendly warm welcome!)I look forward to trying out other features as I have the phone longer. I'll be sticking with the prepaid minutes insteadof the plans, however, because as I understand it, the company is based out of Mexico. I don't want to try to fix a problemwith an auto-debit with someone who lives in another country. Be sure to refill your minutes before your days are out, or you will lose them. If you refill BEFORE the days are out, they will just be added to the amount and both minutes and days will roll forward.Overall, very pleased so far. I would NOT recommend it as a business phone - anyone trying to use it for business surelywould want an unlimited plan with a local carrier anyway. But, for the everyday user, tweens, teens, soccer moms, college studentsand people who want to be able to access a map if needed, this is a really nice phone.It feels good in my hand, and I am now on Amazon, shopping for a silicone case for it. I am used to (and prefer) flip phones.However, I really wanted to try a smart phone, and so far, I am really enjoying this one. Note that it is NOT a true smart phone.It looks a lot like a Blackberry, but it isn't. I can't play Angry Birds on there, or scan the new black and white info squares with it. But I can live with that for the difference in the price.UPDATE:Okay, loving this phone still. We've tried it in a couple different cities, and everyone can contact me without a problem.The calls are clear, the voices are clear (both ways!). I wish Amazon sold the refill cards, but hey, I'll live with other places.I've played around with it a lot more, bought a USB cable (you will need one, and it does not come with one, even in the bundle),and plan on moving photos and ringtones to the phone. (You can download them, but why pay for it with your minutes if you cantransfer from your PC for free?) I ordered a gel case today as well, since I often have it on my desk, and it slides around.The gel will keep it in one spot. (Update - the case works great - no more sliding, and it looks great too.)All in all, this is just a hair below a true smartphone, and is totally affordable.Still in love with it too.  I downloaded BOLT mini browser, which is much faster than the one that comes installedon the phone. Someone else said they are spammed from Net10 with text messages. The only ones I have had were one quick textwithin a day or two of loading a new card, reminding me of their website and thanking me for purchasing the minutes. I haven't received an unusual amount of spam/ad texts from them, even though I wish it was zero. (I'll let them know if I need to get in touch! Ha!) I also occasionally get an email from them, but it is far from spam-filled, and has not been annoying.I have downloaded a couple of games, but there is a big lack of games for this phone. The model is basically the same as the GW300 (European version of the L900G). While there are a load of games for the GW300, when I tried to download one of them to my L900G, I got error messages telling me that it was not compatible with my phone! So, I don't know what they have done with that part - they really need to tell the getjar people that it is the same basic phone. Once you download a game, you do NOT have to spend minutes to play it unless you are in an online version of the game. For example, I can play the skeeball I downloaded with nothing against my time or minutes. I also downloaded a small program that allows me to make my own ringtones. The weird part is that I cannot send them directly to my phone (I have not tried to transfer via bluetooth connection yet), but can get them if I send them to my daughter's phone and SHE sends them to me. I don't know what the holdup in the loop is on that one, but a small burp is not insurmountable.Still loving the phone, and very glad that I chose this model.SPECIAL NOTE: For those wondering where the heck the L900G hid the speakerphone - it is the "OK" button.Push the button while in a conversation to turn it on, push again to turn it off.

I've had this phone for a year and will tell you it has been a pain and here's why. The navigation button is very easily pushed by accident and gets you to the internet (browser) where your air time is being eaten. In order for that not to happen, you HAVE to lock it which takes two buttons to do and two presses to undo. By the time you need it or try to answer a call, seconds have passed and you've lost time. But they make it easy for an accident to eat up your minutes and that's happened every single time I buy a card. Only the last two times, it did it so that I had many more service days than minutes PLUS it ran out of airtime at a very inconvenient time - luckily, right AFTER my car died and I needed to call a friend and have them come jump the battery. If it had run out a minute sooner, I'd have been stuck on the side of the road. I attribute it to God that the second scenario didn't happen. And it ran out because the button had gotten pushed by accident in my purse and internet (that I wasn't really using and never do) ate up all my minutes. IT almost wasn't there for me in an emergency. What if I had broken down in a crime-ridden neighborhood instead of somewhat close to my own home and friends??? Anyway, I got this phone for emergencies and only wanted to pay $15 a month. The last two months though it has run out of airtime way before the days of service BECAUSE of its poor design and the internet getting accidentally knocked on. Poor design, folks. So I called and told them I wanted some air minutes refunded or I'd pitch the phone and get an iPhone, because if I'm going to spend $60 on a phone every month, I sure as heck am not going to use this phone (you can barely see the letters and you have to press two buttons to get many of the functions you use every single sentence of texting). I'm going to get a phone that offers a LOT more!!! So first I get Felicia who stonewalls me with that "I can't refund you any airtime." Finally, with my persistence that she should, she sends me on to her "support team" which just gave me a snappier-voiced support person named Shamika. She had a very rude edge (I guess she's paid the big bucks to stonewall me even more) in her voice but finally relented and said she'd give me 20 minutes more airtime. She said I was welcome to pitch the phone in the trash. And of course, she said I could lock the phone so it doesn't get accidentally pushed, but she would not acknowledge my suggestion that the internet should take two presses of buttons, not the lock, which is a SEVERE inconvenience. Also she would not acknowledge that most users would not use this crappy of a phone for the internet. It sucks up minutes! Why would anyone do that? They'd buy an iPhone if they wanted to use it for internet, or at least a Smart Phone or droid phone. Plus battery time sucks on these phones. Nothing recommends this phone except that you pay as you go and you can spend only $15 a month if you use it just for calls and texts. But if it doesn't work that way because they found a way to "accidentally" suck up your air time, what's the point of having one? Perhaps they just make a lot of money off idiots like me who buy and don't read reviews first. I am now WARNING YOU as I wish I'd been warned, don't buy this phone. Invest your money in a better phone. Go where you can be helped by a PERSON (a store, like Cricket maybe? or a Verizon booth or ATT booth at the mall) and ASK: how do you get to the internet. If it is really easy to accidentally get your phone to a browser, THINK TWICE. It's a way of sucking up your money "by accident" - and "accident" they can throw back on you so they don't have to refund any of your money or airtime. Look for one that takes a little work to get to the internet. Because even if you DO use the internet, like I don't, you don't want your airtime being sucked up by its accidental access. You want it there WHEN YOU NEED IT, and it almost wasn't there for me yesterday when my phone died. Luckily the first person I called answered and came to help me. Otherwise, I could blame Net 10 for a really bad day and being stuck without help, which is WHY I bought the phone in the first place. With 20 minutes refunded airtime (not very generous) I have enough airtime to call all my friends and tell them: I'm done with this phone. Done with this company. DONE so await word for my new cell number or this one being switched to a different phone company.

These phones are just what we expected and can't wait to really use them. The size and what you can do with them is amaising.

The phone does just what I wanted it to do.  I purchased it mainly because it was inexpensive and I can easily text.

I am very happy with the phone and its features, but when I went online to activate it and transfer the old phone number to the new one what a nightmare... the people at customer service spend the last 2 weeks going back and forth they cant speak english, they keep entering the wrong information in the system. So I have 2 phones I have no active service, they cant seem to get their act together. PLEASE DONT USE NET 10 SERVICE. IF YOU NEED GOOD PRE PAID SERVICE USE BOOST OR TMOBILE. I am going back to T Mobile at least they are local and I can work with somoeone face to face.

I had a 4 year old phone from Verizon that had a qwerty keyboard but basically just did phone and text that cost me $43/mo.  I bought the LG900G online for $15 plus shipping and FINALLY got it working on NET10.  This one much resembles an early Blackberry and has a lot of value for the buck.  When I finally got it up and running (NET10 is difficult) the only issue I had was that when I used the search tool or browser, I got an "insuficient memory" almost every time and lost minutes and didn't get my search.  I finally downloaded the Opera Mini browser and was able to download what I wanted even though I got several "warnings" that it wasn't approved.  Overall, other than the coverage for my area isn't as good as my old Verizon phone (this one uses AT&T) I like this phone and the 750min 30 day plan for $25 + tax is hard to beat.

I made the biggest mistake when I bought this phone. The phone is simlocked and impossible to unlock. Can't use it in Suriname. Lost my money.

There are others on this webpage who wrote 5 star reviews detailing what this phone does.  I'm not going to reinvent the wheel.  Just say it's an outstanding phone that takes a giant leap over the cheap, plastic flip-phones I've owned from NET10.The look, feel, and performance of this phone will make you think it should've cost you $100 or more, yet you can buy it for just $30. Not a smartphone, but comes very close.And NET10 service is a bargain if you're not into the 3G/4G gotta have the latest IPhone thing.  It's decent nationwide service you can buy without sucking you into a contract and stuck with the same carrier for 2 years at two to three times the price of NET10.So in a nutshell, a quality phone with decent service at low cost and no contract.I've been with AT&T; for 2 years before this, and am a happy camper now.

I love having a keyboard for texting.  The picture quality isn't the best, but for a cell phone it's OK.

First impression good but upon further use and experience with the phone I'm becoming less impressed with this phone largely due to bad customer service and the price issues related to sending and receiving text browser charges and other issuesPro's1. The phone has a nice big screen2. It has a FM radio that works with most standard earphones3. It's also an mp3 player and it has about 1GB of internal memory, but you can get a micro Sd card of up to 4GB to expand the memory that's a plus4. you can post on Facebook with the preloaded app, also you can download other apps5.There's a key lock feature so no worries about but dialing or pocket dialing6. You can take pictures and video7. You can brows the net and download ringtones and the phone is available at a low cost.Con's1. The phone charges a dollar whenever you get online2. You'll have to pay $2.99 or take 29 minutes for real ringtones, and No you can't go to other websites to get ringtones cheaper because Net10 has that option blocked my experience with downloading real ringtones has not been good3. This is a Net10 phone and my experience with there customer support reps have not been good, so I think it's fair to say that they have bad customer support, they have extremely long hold time, also the reps are not as knowledgeable as they should be, I have been having some technically issues with this phone, and the customer support could not figure out what was wrong so my phone still has the same issues it's very frustrating since I just purchased the phone, and I naturally expected everything to work as advertised but I wasn't so lucky.4.The buttons on the phone are really small and my fingers are pretty small5.If you breath too hard on the phone it leaks minutes, and if you think too heard on the phone it leaks minutes lol just a little joke, but very, very true Net10 has various plans to fit your budget, but no matter what plan you get there service is set in such a way that it takes a lot of minutes just to lightly use the phone6.This phone occasionally fails to send & receive picture message, I have had this phone for over 12 months now since first posting this review & this model phone has become more annoying then useful due to the errors & other annoyancesI recommend buying this phone unlocked and choosing another service provider, but keep in mind that you may still experience the texting related errors discussed in line 6, make sure you consider your options carefully before buying this cell model thanks for reading.

I have had a lot of problems with this phone, so I would not recommend it. I realize I may have just gotten a bad phone and that this model itself might not be bad, but I can't give it a positive review with all of the problems I've had.I switched from an LG flip phone to this phone because I wanted more functionality. I wish I would have stuck with the cheaper model. The main difference is that I lose service quite a bit with this model. With the basic flip model, I got service pretty much everywhere I went. Now I lose service in places where multiple other people have Net 10 and get five full bars of service (e.g. my parents' house -- my mom and brother both have Net 10 and they have no problems -- I can't even get service in the two miles surrounding the house).This phone also freezes frequently. Right from the first week I had it, I've had to pull the battery out of it several times because it freezes up to the point where I can't even turn it off. The phone is very sluggish and slow to move from one function to another. Sometimes it takes quite a while just to open up a text message (with an empty inbox, so it's not an issue of having too many saved messages).Another major issue is that the battery drains very quickly, but the phone does not give you much of a warning. With my old LG phone, the phone would beep for hours once the battery started to get low. This phone will say that it is fully charged and then all of a sudden shut off because the battery died. Or, it will say it has a full battery, quickly drop to one battery bar, beep a few times, and then turn off.I'm going to see if I can get a new flip phone from Net 10, as I am not happy with this model.

the phone is easy to use and good for calling and texting but i gave it to my parents cz it looks very ghetto bulky and good for old people to be honest it sucked

This phone is good. Come with stuffs , FM Radio, internet, etc ,easy to use.LCD screen is very clear which I like alot compared to my old phone and the price is good also. Thanks to Amazon and seller. I use this phone for calling and listening to local FM radio stations.. For $25 I can get 750 minutes for a month &Free radio ( wow). I don't have to worry about paying bill . Battery is also good. No need to charge all the times. Thanks for reading the review.Jaya 2.

Had trouble getting music onto the included SD4G.  Talked with the WalMart Electronics manager and we figured it out.  The card needs to be securely in place.  Make sure the phone is set on external memory.  My external memory wasn't enabled because the SD wasn't in all the way.  Synced all my music from Windows media.  Phone must also be in USB mode and not Bluetooth mode.Have really liked this phone so far.  The only thing I don't like is that the Browser button is located in a place that can easily be engaged; consequently, I keep my keyboard locked all the time (inconvenient).

Good shipping time. Great transaction. Fone was as described and am awaiting to finally get some minutes on it so as i can use it.

I bought this phone last year in March or April and it worked great for about 2.5 or 3 months. Then the problems started. The phone will randomly shut off, the battery will die with no warning, not all of my calls come through, my camera stopped working for a few weeks, the battery life degraded rapidly, service is spotty (there's an area of about 15 miles just outside of a nearby city that this phone will not pick up at all, while every other phone through every other carrier I've ever had did just fine in all areas), it's almost impossible for me to remove apps (or add them), and there were a few other issues that I'm forgetting right now. On top of all that, customer service (with Net10 AND Straight Talk, I've had both) are an absolute nightmare.Web browsing was pointless before I put Opera Mini on the phone, and even with OM it's not very good. It's still mobile web, hardly better than any other, older, prepaid phone. All in all, this is the worst phone and worst company I've ever had "service" with and I do not recommend this phone (or Net10).

reception anywhere, easy payments 50 a month unlimited service all good that is a great thing  YOLO put down your phone and live

Got this phone a few months ago when it was on sale at my local Best Buy for $30 and hooked it up with Net10 service. Great phone!!! I get picture messaging, texting, calling, and web for only $15 a month for 200 minutes!!!! and NO contract!!! No need to buy an expensive smart phone with a expensive plan, waste of money. Only problem with this phone is that the keys are a little small so if you have big hands this phone might not be for you. Otherwise i would recommend this phone for anyone who is looking for a cheap phone with a cheap plan!!!

I've had this phone for more than a month now. So far I haven't had any problems. No drop calls, good reception here in my area. I can basically do everything I want, log on to fb, check my email, the weather forecast, most importantly takes great photos and unlimited video minutes as long as you have a big gb in your memory stick.The good thing I've noticed is, it doesn't really cheats on me on the number of minutes I have left in my account unlike when I used  ATT prepaid. For example, if tonight I go to bed with a  700 minutes left on my phone, The next morning, I'd still have  that same minutes unlike in ATT which happened to me a lot, I go to bed with a $3 still on my account, the next time I try used it, they're all gone. I have no clue where it went. With Net10, you could always check it with their minutes counter displayed on your phone.The reason why I only gave it 4 stars is, it won't let you play youtube videos or send any international text messages or make international calls.UPDATE: MARCH  14, 2012I am still using my LG900. Battery life is excellent. I only charge it once a week. Camera is still good. I only encountered a few problem when I wasn't able to buy minutes on time and it really messed up my phone. I had to contact customer service and they are willing to help but it takes forever to fix the phone because you have to type in so many codes on your phone plus their computer system is slow too. Everytime I call customer service, I have to stay for an hour on the phone. I guess I have the patience to do that and finally my phone got fixed again. From then on, i try to buy minutes before it expires so I won't go through the same problem I had had before.I like this phone. It saves me money plus I can stay on the phone and chat with my family and friends without asking them to hurry up as I am losing minutes on my prepaid. If you like to talk on the phone, get the $25 prepaid card for 750 minutes which is good for a month. Web browsing, texting and calls are included from the 750 minutes.I bought three lg900 last Christmas as a gift to my family. But I have noticed that there would be times that it is so hard to contact a fellow net 10 user. But if I send a text then they'd receive it. So what I do is txt my family to call me. I think some areas have weak signals and mine happens to have a good reception because they can call me.I am from Southern Ca. Signal is good. We went to Georgia for a vacation, my phone worked there as well.

For being a prepaid phone, its a good phone. I haven't had any issues with texting or recieving pictures, and I get fairly good service with it. one issue, i should not, it the sounds quality isn't fabulous. Not horrible, but not the best either. seems to be clearer when the other person is using a cheaper phone too. hahabut, all-in-all, it's worth the money you pay for it.

I have had this phone for over a year. Shortly after I got it one of the keys decided it didn't want to work all the time.I just replaced it with LG 840G.

THIS PHONE IS A REAL PIECE OF CRAP DO NOT BUY IF YOU EXPECT A GOOD EXPIEREINCE IT BARELY WORKS !!!! IF THERE WAS A WAY FOR ME TO GIVE IT NEGATIVE STARS I WOULD

I had this phone for about 6 months when one day the screen went blank.  The phone itself worked, but I could not see anything on the screen.  I loved this phone. It worked great and it really felt good to hold.  It was slim and small and fit in a pocket very well.  I was really disappointed when the screen stopped working. Thinking it was a one time thing, I immediately got another LG900 because, as I said, I loved this phone.  The second LG900 only lasted about 3 months when the screen went blank AGAIN!! I spent 3 days on the phone with Net10 trying to retrieve the 700 minutes I had on the phone. I never complain about Net10 because I have always found them to be very helpful and fair, but it took us 3 different phone calls to try to get those minutes back. In the end I did get my minutes transferred to a different Net 10 phone. A few days after I had my new Net 10 phone (not the LG900!), the screen on the LG900 popped back on and stayed on for a few days.I still sometimes consider buying another LG900 because other than the screen going blank, it was a great phone. But I won't get another one because I feel when two in a row go bad, it's not a good sign! I now have the LG501C and it has been a great phone so far.

No signal detected by this phone though older & less techie phones have full signal in the same areas. Defective phone? I can't tell yet because I'm still going through the activation process with Net10. Other than that it looks like a great phone - just need it to start working!**************************************************************************Ok, that was yesterday. Today, after a mere 30 minutes on the phone with Net10 tech support (and a very helpful & knowledgeable rep), the phone is activated & working with at least 3 bars of service outside. I upgraded to this phone from the LG500G and I think I'll really like this model. So far so good!

I've had this phone for 45 days via NET10.  The camera is excellent, the build quality of the phone is great.  But, there are too many quirks with this phone for me to suggest it to others.  One being, adding an external memory card: I added one and my laptop will not recognize the phone unless the memory card is unplugged.  Otherwise, the computer (Windows XP pro) will not see the phone.  Also, I've found that while the unit's battery lasts a long time, signal strength is not enough to allow calls unless the phone is right on top of a cell tower, at least where I live. The camera quality is amazing for a 2 mpixel, I must say.  But there are serious design problems and reception problems that make this phone a 'no buy' in my opinion.  One example is taking pictures.  After you press the camera button on the side of the unit, and then press to take a picture, you can (in error) press the OK button (center large button) to take another picture and will get the auditory feedback as if it's taken a picture---but when you check later, the camera did not take a picture.  You have to press the 'back' button to re arm the camera to take another picture.  That this phone would even allow you to 'think' you took a picture when it actually was not taken is stupid design.  My advice is to avoid this phone, don't bother.  It's a poorly designed and implemented product.  Walk away.

The LG 900G works fine for what I need it for, which is mostly texting, the occasional phone call and a few useful apps. I have seen many reviews complain about the browser, but after downloading the Opera Mini browser the native browser actually gives me fewer errors although that may be because I don't have many apps taking up memory. As an FYI I could only download a signed version of Opera mini to the handset memory. The SD card would only download an unsigned version.If you want a car charger, WalMart has this phone for $39.99 with bonus car charger, installed SD card and ear phones in addition to the wall charger.Lastly, although there is no official manual for this phone, Net10 has some really nice interactive tutorials for this phone but Amazon will not let me include the link. Google 'LG 900G tutorials' and go to the tracfone/deviceanywhere link about halfway down the page.

We got this phone for my husband and now he's given it to me and is using my phone because it's pretty much worthless where we live.  I signed up with net 10 for our local area and it doesn't work inside my home...at my husbands work (in a city) or at my mom's home (right in the middle of town.  If I need to call anyone I need to be outside a building in the hot sun and even then if I'm staying perfectly still the bars go up and down like I'm driving or something.  Nice features but it would be nice if I could use it as a PHONE.  Pretty worthless but for the price it's not worth me paying to ship it back and get another phone that doesn't work.  We have a lg 225 that works great everywhere and uses the same service so I do have something to compare it to in the same network area.

I bought mine about two years ago. I think I have dropped it at least a dozen times, usually on hard floors or concrete. The phone does have a few scuffs but still works perfect and the screen is not cracked. One time it was even dropped in a bucket of water by mistake. I took out the battery and sim card, disassembled the thing, dried it completely, put it back together and it STILL works like new.Memory can be upgraded to 8 GB.Pros -bullet proof. Plenty of features for a phone of this price. Good Price. No contract. Easy to upgrade memory. Customer service is good. ACTUAL keyboard.Cons - not the fanciest. Camera tends to take blurry photos (may be due to the water incident though)I have thought of getting a fancier phone but I know that I will probably NOT find a phone that can withstand as much abuse. Phones DO get dropped.No you cannot use streaming video on this but as I said, this is a durable, but not fancy phone.I would gladly invest in another if needed.

I have had the LG900G for almost 2 Years now. I like it.  I have had several other pre-paid cellphones from Net10 and it's Sister company, Tracfone. I have found the battery life in this one to be very good. The screen size if good also, not huge, but for this type of phone, very good, in fact, a Friend of mine has a Blackberry phone, side by side, they look alike.  I like the idea of easy access to the sd memory card, It's located right on the side of the phone, you dont have to take out the battery to get to it. Currently, I have a 4gb micro sd card in it.  It's bluetooth works very well with my Car's bluetooth. As far as Texting goes, I have found this to be very easy to text with, even using one hand. I also like the way you can purchase minutes for this, either online or buying a card at a local store that carries them. They also have a $15 a month plan too, the minutes carry over, if you talk alot, this one may be for you.  I have done the minutes several different ways. Using the monthly plan is a very good idea, but I do not like having a monthly pay out commitment on a phone. I choose refilling the minutes online. I have not been dissappointed in this phone. I reccomend it! UPDATE: 7-21-12 I thought I would try to save even more by using a tracfone with triple minutes for life. As it turned out, Neither phone I used with them could hold a candle to the LG900G, I'm returning to it next week. This phone rules! UPDATE 8-25-12 Again, tried using yet another triple minute for life tracfone, The LG900G Wins again, Hands down, a Phone that fits my needs, worth the extra service days cost.UPDATE: 10-26-2013 This Phone is the Workhorse of My Fleet, so to speak when it comes to my cellphones.UPDATE: 05-02-2014: Went with the Android thing for awhile and now want to start curtailing my spending. I am returning to using this "Basic Phone" It is great to text with and call with hands down. Still the workhorse of my fleet!

I really liked this phone UNTIL I tried to listen to music on it using headphones one time.  Suddenly, I was only able to use the phone in speaker mode.  No matter what I did, I couldn&#34;t make a call without using speaker.  Now it sits there being used as an mp3 player by my kids, but is useless as a phone.  I did some research on Net10 forums and found others who had the same problem.  There seems to be no fix for this issue.  One some of these phones, when you plug in headphones, it somehow disables the regulalr sound.  Frustrating!

excellent service the product was in great condition everything perfect thanks i loved the fact it came very fast and on time

worked great with the 200 minute Net 10 plan- had it for a year never a problem.  Im upgrading plans and getting a Smart phone- hope I like it as well!

The LG900G does everything I want a phone to do, but annoys me with every step. That's compared to a Cricket phone that at first only did about 80%, but was a joy to use.  (That's changed... gotten worse, not better.)  With this one I can install the Opera Mini web browser and read my work e-mail--but have to put up with messages about minutes used and that the application is untrusted. I can use almost any sound for a ringtone or message tone, but the one I use for messages doesn't sound as good as on my PC or the Cricket phone. I can connect a bluetooth headset, but no voice commands. And no GPS, but fine with that as it wasn't very reliable with my Cricket phone and they wanted to charge for using it. No e-mail app, but between webmail use and downloadable apps, I think that's covered.Unlike every other phone I have used that can connect to a PC, this one shows both the built-in storage and the micro SD card.  And unlike most other low-end messaging phones this doesn't have the SD card slot under the battery--though I'd have preferred both the little doors to be absent.  The micro USB port doesn't really need one, and the card slot could have been under the battery cover, just not under the battery.  That way there wouldn't be as many pieces to worry about breaking off.Voice is good, but I found that some voices that have always been properly audible on other phones come through as too soft or unpleasantly loud.  And I find a problem with moderately long texts gatewayed from e-mail:  if they are sent to AT&T;'s MMS address they are not received but no nondelivery is sent, but if sent to the SMS address they are truncated.Basically, I really like this phone, but am looking for something better.

I absolutely loved this little phone. I don't know what it was about it, but I saw it and I had to have it. Not only was it within my budget for phones, but it was the phone for me. I love the customization to it, I liked how it looked, and it felt awesome in my hands. I honestly couldn't have asked more from a phone. Sad thing is, I don't have it anymore, because the area I was in the sim card wouldn't work. That is the ONLY reason why I mailed it back to StraightTalk. I'm wanting to get again, so I'm currently in the process of asking if I can buy it and then transfer my account back to this phone.

I was paying the Imperialist at ATT $60 a month for a plan without texting. I enjoyed the benefits of the phone locking up and android apps that crashed, a two year old OS Froyio and an email app that would not work with yahoo.This phone makes calls and is pretty easy to text on thanks to a "real" keyboard.  I wouldn't recommend the phone for people that want to use the web or retrieve their email.  The rate cost is great for people that don't talk more than few 100 min a month.

This phone is a nice smartphone for the price. I got my phone on time from amazon and activated it through net 10's website which was very easy to do. I have been using this phone for a while and have no complaints.

I chose a poor rating for this product because the phone itself sucked. I couldn't find nothing on my memory card when the memory card was in it. I don't use the web on phones, so i can't complain about that. Was hard to find certain things in the phone menu all together.

This pphone replaced one we had that had a speaker malfunction - this one is working just like it should.

The first one I got had horrible audio quality. It was cutting in & out and sounded like a phone from the 1940's or something. I got a replacement and it was better but not good. You get what you pay for and let's face it.... this phone doesn't cost much. I do like having "profiles" that allow me to quickly change from "outdoor" mode to "silent" mode and there are several other helpful options that are common among most phones these days like speed dial, periodic reminders if I haven't opened a text and a logical menu system.I agree with many reviewers about the "browser" button being too easy to hit but so far it hasn't caused a big problem for me.I do like that I can see the first few characters of a text message for free. Sometimes I can avoid opening & paying for messages that are just 1 word replies.I wouldn't buy this phone if you plan to talk a lot. Of course, if you talk a lot you probably don't have a pre-paid phone in the first place. Nevertheless, the audio quality is horrendous so maybe this phone is only good if you don't plan on talking (or listening) at all.

Phone has nice size and is suprisingly lightweight.  I ordered a stylish case for mine for protection.  Love the screen and the QWERTY board.  Not many phones in this price range have a 2.0 MP camera like this one.  Yeah, the browser is archaic, but hey, its not an iPhone, ya know?  Net 10 service is good for texting and calling, not heavy web use.  Ive been complemented on the better call quality compared to my previous phone.  People slam the customer service, but the company isn't American, so what do you expect?  I haven't used the music player yet so I can't comment on that.  My only complaints are minor, such as not being able to turn off the keypad noise except by silencing the ringer and that Tasks don't have a notification or alarm tone.  Anyhow, if you are a Net 10 customer on a budget and looking for a cheap upgrade, this is a good model to consider.

Everything on the phone is fine to me. The camera takes very clear shots and I have never had to worry about spam texts. The only issue that I have is that I cant text while talking on the phone at the same time. whats the deal with that? I might true the touch screen that net10 has now.

While they are not android smartphones, they also don't come with a smartphone price tag. They are mainly used for texting and calls. Some Internet access, but very little. The Net10 service model is excellent. Buy only the minutes you need each month. Ultimate flexibility from 15 bucks per month and up. Great pricing so your family phone expenditures won't look like a car payment.The network service is excellent, and the phones have been bulletproof for over a year. Accessories are widely available at nice prices. Buy a micro-SD card for lots of additional storage.You can lose it and it won't cost you an arm and a leg to replace it. Net10 is great at transferring minutes to a replacement phone, if you lose or upgrade your phone.

This is the first phone I Have ever owned that wasn't on a contract. I initially was a little nervous about getting a prepaid model, but you just can't beat the pricing. I picked this phone up at Walmart, with the bundle pack (earphones, car charger, and a 4MB SD card) for $30. I've had the phone about a month now, and am pretty happy with it. It is NOT a smart phone, but has many features that make it a great phone for the average user. The full QWERTY keyboard make texting a breeze, and the phone also doubles as an MP3 player, which is a nice added feature for the price.NET10 offers an unlimited plan for $50 a month, which is pretty cheap. This includes unlimited phone, text, AND web. Hard to beat a deal like that.The camera on this phone takes decent quality pictures (I had to reduce mine to a lower quality to avoid filling up my memory card!). and it also has video capability as well.If you are in the market for an affordable, feature rich prepaid cell phone - check out the LG900g.

No contract, pay only what you use.  Good for surfing the web, emails, and texting.  All this and low cost phone as well.  I would think twice about ever signing a contract phone again.

the phone is good. so far i no problems . the internet is a little slow tthough but wat do u expect from a pre paid cell phone

When you ask to speak with a supervisor, they put youon infinite hold.When you ask them to stop sending you advertisement, they place the blame on others.When you ask them who is providing the 411 info service, they say to look it upin the directory.When you ask them which directory, they just repeat, the directory.When you ask them if they mean the yellow pages, they say yes.When you ask them how to look up 411 in the yellow pages, they get lost.Really very terrible service!! Customer service is there just to get rid of youwhen you have a problem.- DL

I purchased this phone 1 1/2 years ago. I mainly purchased it for its similarities to blackberry phones. After using the phone for a while I found that the keyboard was no more helpful than a normal T9 based phone without a keyboard. Also the phone seemed to be very slow at doing tasks; making texts, opening apps, setting alarms etc. The web capabilities were nice but despite having an extra SD card in the phone I was unable to view sites like [...] or even retrieve weather from the main screen links.Pros:Easy interfaceSemi long battery lifeDecent phone receptionNice video camera.Cons:Problems charging or displaying battery lifeSlow processing of all tasksNo abc on the dial keys so alpha numeric numbers are hard to dial (1-800-AMAZON)Not enough customization (ring tones, blocking calls, background etc)I would not recommend this phone for someone seeking a phone similar to blackberry or full keyboards.

I really like this phone. i think that it made a great inexpensive first phone my daughter and she really like it as well.

Bought for the wife, product works well and costs less than half as much as her previous contract phone. Not a smartphone but does the basics well.

Great phone, I have no issues with it. The phone came earlier than expected which was a plus. This is my favorite phone.

I've had this phone for about three months and can't wait to get rid of it. I like the price but do not like much else about the phone. The network connection is slow and often times out when loading a page. The Facebook App stopped working as well. There are also no cool apps for this phone. I have the 1000 min / 1000 text plan and do not like how it anounces how many texts you have left each time you receive or send a text. The phone is also slow to respond.

Phone is good, no issue there as detailed by other reviewers. However if you have a service issue, be prepared to waste hours of your valuable time to get it fixed. After 2 months of calling Net10 888-251-8164 and not getting it fixed I am inclined to return the phone. The phone is not the issue, the carrier technical support is.Remember the phone may cost less, but if you have to call Customer Support for any reason, then that adds to the cost of the phone.[...]

keeps kicking me off internet saying insuficient memory but is brand neww and has 4 gb sd card. call net10 they know nothing and just read to you guessing. also they dont reimburse or refund! do not fall for this service. phone is better as a radio/camera w/o service!

I got this at Wamart. I wanted a phone with a camera and camcorder and this had it!! It takes great pictures. It kind of reminds me of a Blackberry!!! I have had all the contract phones up having the first G1 Google phone with Tmobile. It was fun but was a toy!!! I wasy paying way too much for service and with this phone it is SMART and with Net10 the price is right and I is less than half what I paid a month for a contact phone!!!!!!!!

I have had my LG900g for several months now and it has never failed me. My toddlers actually put it into the sink and ran water all over it and it never even turned off. I've gotten wonderful reception wherever I go, even remote areas. It is amazing, when I read the box for this phone it didn't say waterproof, but apparently it is just an added bonus. The only problems with this phone that I have encountered are that the browser that comes with it isn't very eye catching and is a bit slow, but if you install the opera mini application it is worlds better in swiftness and looks appeal; the other problem is that it doesn't do youtube videos because of an incompatibility with the phone and youtube for some reason. But other than that it is an excellent little thing and well worth it's price and then some. I have had far more expensive phones that you drop once and it's all over, not this bad boy. I have dropped this phone countless times and it hasn't batted an eyelash. If you can overlook the youtube thing or find a way to fix it (and if you do please let me know :  then it's awesome and I have to say the best phone I've owned by far since my razr a few years back. Plus you get to feel like you have a blackberry worthy phone for a MUCH more reasonable price, it's quite a steal. If you're looking for a phone with style, a blackberry feel, something that doesn't break when you look at it wrong and a wonderful price for it's value then this is the phone for you!

reception is terrible and always losing minutes due to the browser button always going on and it cannot be disabled.

You can never understand what any one else is saying.I sent text that never go anywhere.And when you go on the internet;;;;;;; for get about that will you.

Looks like a smart phone. Net-10's description makes it sound real good but it,s just an over hyped average phone with nothing but problems. Net-10 claims "Fast Web Browsing" WHAT A JOKE! It's still mobile web and it burns a butt load of units when you use the browser. Save your money! The only positive I can say about it is the keyboard is better than my Moto flip with the alpha numeric keyboard for texting. I'm kinda sorry I switched from my TracFone just to get this phone. it's been a real disappointment.P.S. DON"T GET ME STARTED ON HOW BAD NET-10 CUSTOMER SERVICE IS!

I have had this phone for a couple of weeks.Quality of video and sound on videos is fairly decent.  About what you'd expect, given the specs.Camera is decent.  Again, about what you'd expect given the specs.Keyboard is for woman hands or small man hands.  I am female and love the keyboard.  I prefer to send text messages over calling folks most of the time, as it saves money and also saves me from having to make bullsh!t small talk.  The keyboard beats the hell out of having to navigate a 0-9 number pad for the same purpose.  It is so easy to type texts now, I have sent a ton of them since buying this phone.Reception is as decent as I have had with any other phone.Web browsing is time consuming, and since I just do the cheap 300 minute Net10 cards as needed, I haven't done much web browsing on the phone.  I can say that as long as you are in an area with decent reception, you can actually manage to do google searches and check your web-based email on the thing.I can talk and be heard well by the person I am on the phone with.  I can hear them well also.I don't give 5 stars for two reasons:  First, you can't use the FM radio without earphones (or possibly some sort of compatible speaker plugged into the jack).  Second, I installed a hard protective cover on the phone, and now I am having trouble finding a belt pouch that the phone will fit into with the protective cover on it.  It's a pain to put my phone in my bag, then find that one of the buttons (sometimes the 'browser' button) has been pushed because something in the bag pressed against it.Something else I didn't care for is the phone is not sold with a usb cord.  Not a big deal, but most people purchasing this type of phone will definitely end up wanting one.All in all, this is a very good phone for the price.  If it conks out on me prematurely, I will update this review with the information.

junk phone. ive had many phones over the years, plus i am technical so i know what to look for.pros-looks good, looks way better than a $40 phone, looks more like a $200 phone actually-camera is decent-keyboard is pretty good for texting-very nice lcd display-very nice customizable quick menucons-terrible voice quality, it seems like the phone is cutting out every other second-awful reception, the worst, doesn't work in buildings half the time. i can go from 3 bars to no service in 2 seconds. back and forth. my old cheaper net10 phone worked perfectly.-awful reception, says i am in roaming half the time when i am not, even outdoors in an urban area-difficult and clunky to turn phone to silent-slow to power up-no way to turn the phone to just vibrate like every other phone-internet is practically useless-no flash for camera-battery time is weak. must charge every other day even right away-the interface in general is very stupid, deleting txts and navigating the menus just doesnt make sense, takes too longsummary:the plain cheap $30 flip up phones that look like they are from 1990s are better. sorry to say

It is still hard to believe what I've been throught to transfer my cell phone number from my old phone to this one!!!! More than 20 calls to NET10 during one entire week. Long story short: They tried to transfer the number hundred times, and finnaly when it seemed to be OK, the phone showed the right number but would not receive calls. So I placed a call from the NET10 to my home phone and got in the caller ID another number, a very strange one.In the end NET10 sent me a new sim card, wich took another week to get here. And finally it worked. After another 3 calls of course!I just have to say that NET10's customer center was really nice and helpfull, at least they tried really hard. Maybe this problem was that kind of excepcion that happens once in one million...And the phone itself is great, very light, good sound and the batteries last forever!I would say a wi-fi connection would be good.

Without a doubt the best phone I have ever used. Net10 service is awesome as well....Features with this phone.I actually learned how to do Sudoku because of this lol, it also comes with a word game too.MP3 playback is very clear the sound quality is at it's best.The screen is incredible. The best way I can describe it is going from an old CRT tv to a new HDTV, no joke.Qwerty keyboard is so easy to use. The buttons are soft-ish yet firm.Phone itself is very easy to use, read the directions and you will know what to do.You can change the size of the font for the phone as well as the colors of the clock and the numbers being dialed.I have yet to find a phone, qwerty or otherwise as good as this one. I want to buy like 10 of them just in case anything happens and I need a new one, LOL!!

Well I bought the phone as an upgrade from my t401g for the larger screen and app capability and i have noticed only 3 things about this phone. First of all no instructions and any on the web are hard to find, but hey if you are trying to use the phone to access the web you will be completely out of luck. No instructions. No web. No ringtones anmd sure i would buy some off the web BUT I CAN'T. On the other hand it manages memory cards ok though if you have more than 3 or 4 gigs it kinda chokes on it and though it supposedly only handles or sees 4gig card my 8gig class6 is working and runs some smallish 15fps video though if you go max pixels again it chokes. The camera is just ok but cheap phones suck as cameras just like cheap phones suck at video. Hey i would love to tell you about the games for it or any apps for it but as it will not connect to the web i will just have to continue this later.

The phone was in GREAT shape, came a week before it said it was suppose to. YAY!!! Just overall GREAT!!! Thank you so much!!!! :)

This camera takes wondeful pictures.  It is small to take with me, just have to be careful not to turn the camera on my mistake as the turn on button is alittle touchy.  Have had trouble getting the transfer to the computer to work. I had a Kodak before and no problems with that one. Talked with a tech for an hour an a half and still did not solve the problem.  I can easily remove the "card" to my printer or computer and transfer pictures to my computer.  Then learned this doesn't work for video's. I will call again and am sure we can solve that problem. Really do love this camera!

Owned the phone since x-mas and have no problems.  As a long standing Net 10 Customer I am happy with the new phone.  It is ten fold better than the phones that they offered through out the years.  Works for me and saves me money love it.

I switched from my Net 10 LG flip phone, to this newer LG-900...and I really don't like it at all. I fumble with this thing every time I try to use it. And it doesn't take much for the back to fall off. Another problem I have is that too often when I hold the button to turn it off, instead it logs me on the Internet and eats up some of my time...even though I click to get off as soon as it happens. If you log on, even for a nano-second (by mistake or not) it is going to cost you minutes. If your a guy with big hands, beware of the fumble factor!At present I am checking out my options, but will probably go back to my old LG flip phone, since I can't seem to find anything better than what I already had...at least to suit my needs at $15.00 per month.

I wish I had purchased this LG900G from Amazon, their return policy is better. Purchased from Net10 and their Return Policy Stinks....Two major Problems:The Speaker Phone stinks, causes feed back that the party on the other end says is so bad they almost do want to talk to me.. tested with over 10 people...When the phone rings and you try to get the phone out of your case, the off button always gets pushed and causes the phone call to be cut off.. Key Lock does not fix this problem..Sorry LG, normally love your stuff, but you need to take all these phones and bury them very, very deep, they stink so bad...

The phone is OK if you like a water downed phone and don't mind being nickled and dimed to death by Net-10.The first thing I learned the HARD way, was that when you call for service and get put on hold for over a houryou will be deducted that time....... The third day I had this phone it went haywire and even when NOT connected it kept taking minutes. So I called on my house phone and for over an hour I put in a few hundred numbers to reset phone and we got it corrected, after we were done my minutes were set back to 750 mins. and was assured that I had 30 days from that point and time....I was happy. So 3 days before my 30 days were up I go to bed with it telling me I have 3 days and 160 mins. When I wake up they had taken my 160 mins. and reset my start time....hence the over hour on hold using their phone and trying to get corrected and change my payment method (I got neither corrected) For net-10 I am posting their service report #'s 1) KMM16269304V49204L0KM 2) KMM16269605V50785L0KM 3) KMM16269955V52375L0KM 4) KMM16270319V54823L0KM .I now have a trophy phone in my junk drawer where Net-10 belongs.....The phone is OK, but this model ONLY works with Net-10 so I give it a -1 on that basis.

Bought this phone on sale for $19.99 at local pharmacy chain. Now I know why it was so cheap. The calls have an echo that's terrible. Called the phone from a land line myself and had co-worker talk to me. It's downright irritating. Tried the same thing at several different locations, had the same problem. Thought I could watch videos from youtube on this phone, oops, not a chance. You can't watch anything on this device.  Read another review complaining about Customer Service. I totally agree. Signed up for the unlimited plan. After the second month, I put $50.00 on the phone thinking it would cover the unlimited plan and nope, they switched it to the $30 plan. Ticked me off. Try getting broken English speaking Customer Service people to understand the problem. Plan on spending an hour or two on the phone with them becaause that's what's going to happen. Another thing, the memory sucks even with a memory card. THE ABSOLUTE WORST PART OF OWNING THIS PHONE IS THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL. That's a joke. Had to go on-line to find out from others on how to download my music into this phone. NET10 doesn't include those instructions in their mediocre manual. Tried to get an answer from, you guessed it, broken English speaking Customer Service Reps and hung up on them after 1hr 13 minutes of frustrating conversation in which they transferred me three times because this or that person couldn't speak English well enough to understand that I was trying to download music into the device and not listen to the radio.

I love this phone my husband had purchased a few years ago and the battery just went out. He insisted i find the exact phone. He's perfectly fine with this phone. Who wants an iphone anyway??

We have used 2 of these (LG900g on NET10) for seven months now and it couldn't have been a better decision. As some mention they fall a little short of being a 'smart phone'  but they work great for calling and text messaging. The internet is sluggish and I wouldn't recommend one for Angry Bird addicts. Our 2 phones cost quite a bit less than one contract phone would. Here in Washington, the service has been great. Get the 4g microSD and you can store your photos, ringtones, etc.

ghetto berry hahaha but it is cute for quick texting and making calls , I couldnt figure out how to put music on it but hey I have an ipod so I stopped trying

I have owned this phone for quite some time, and I have to say its quite wonderful. Ive had to add some apps to it, and they work great. I recommend the first thing you do when you get this phone is to get you a micro sd card. Doesn't matter the Gig, it works for all. Second, if you love the internet like I do, go to opera mini on the sucky browser on this phone and download that app, you will be 100% more happier.You can keep up with your twitter, facebook, shop on ebay or amazon...etc. If you want to download music to your phone without your laptop, tablet or computer, I advise you get either the $25 or the $50 a month plan. The reason I bring that up is it takes sometime to download the songs, like 5 to 10 mins a song. Not the end of the world, but not the best either. Im still learning things about this phone, im a tech geek. I just figured out how to download without my laptop about a week ago, so thats saying something about this amazing toy of mine. The website to download from is itemvn.com . You will have to use the sucky browser to download from since the opera does not support. Like any phone it has glitches. The phone does not stream, so thats not going to happen, let it go. You spent $40 or less on the phone, its not going to give you the world. lol.Its blue tooth capable, which works wonderful for us safe drivers. It takes pics, there not the best, but I went to disney with it and I love the pictures it gave. Theres no zoom or flash. Gets great service for me.I love this phone, will not trade it for the world. Net10 is trying to top this phone, but I cant drop $50 every single month.  I very between the $25 and the $50 for when I go out of town and am not taking my tablet or laptop with me.Want a great phone, this is the one next step before the androids. Dont want complicated, get this one.
