
Overall, I am a huge fan of this phone and would recommend it over the MyTouch 4G. Before purchasing this phone, I was able to get a lot of hands on time with both phones, and decided on the G2 for various reasons.Pros:- Extremely fast. Though it only has a 800 MHz processor (as compared to most of the newer phones having 1 Gb processors), the phone's interface is practically stock Android and hence, doesn't have the bloat of other phones. The speed comparison between this and the MyTouch is difficult to differentiate. Though the MyTouch 4G has a faster processor, it seems that the MyTouch's interface uses a lot of that excess processing power.- Feels rugged. Though some may consider the phone heavy (because it has a physical keyboard), the brushed aluminum plating around the screen and the on the back makes the phone feel very solid and refined. I did not like the feel of most other phones because they felt plastic, cheap, and fragile.- Navigation keys: Before buying this phone, I also compared it to the MyTouch 4G and preferred it because it also doesn't have a bunch of ugly plastic buttons. This makes the phone feel much sleeker to me. Navigation on this phone is done by touching the icons below the screen. They are built into the screen, really, as they are behind the glass and function by touch rather than by push.- Hotspot/Tethering: This is a great feature which I feel every phone should have. I can easily connect my laptop with a single click (using a downloaded widget).Neutral:- The keyboard: I use my phone extensively to send emails so a physical keyboard was a requirement. Though the design of the keyboard is attractive, the buttons are easy to differentiate, and the hinge mechanism feels smooth, I don't feel the rubber keys give good feedback. I find myself double-punching letters constantly and having to hit the back key to fix my errors. The keyboards on the Cliq2 and Blackberries, in my opinion, have just the right amount of feedback to know you've punched the key.- Pre-installed items: Though I like that many Google apps are pre-installed, I don't like that I can't move them to the SD card. Though the phone has plenty of space, this is just a feature that I would have liked.- Battery: As a heavy user, the battery drains very quickly for me. However, I'm certain this is because I use my phone much more heavily than most people I know, replying to emails, keeping up with my calendar, and doing high levels of texting and talking.Cons:- Notifications: One thing I really do not like about this phone is how it delivers notifications. Because my phone is usually on silent or vibrate, I regularly miss email, voicemail, and text notifications because the LED lights only blink once when the notification happens. On several previous phones I've had, the notification LED would continue to blink until I cleared it. This allowed me to glance at my phone and know I needed to check it without having to turn the screen on.- Placement of screen on button: Though the buttons are well-placed, I am not a fan of the fact that I can only turn the screen on by pressing the power button on the top. I feel that HTC should have allowed a user to turn the screen on the pressing the trackpad button, which is located on front face of the phone.

I've waited a LONG time to get a phone.  My contract has been up for years (old Blackberry Pearl user).  Honestly, I've felt like no phones in the market were worth the 2 year contract upgrade.  Then I found the G2.  I have a 7 year history with Blackberry and was hesitant leaving the devices.  As a woman in her late 20's working for a software technology company with it's own app, I felt like it was time.I havent looked back.  I feel as if Android is the future.  I've had the phone for 2 weeks and it is second nature for me.  I wanted the keyboard as a fall back but honestly I've learned to go without it most of the time.  It's not likely I will have a keyboard on my next phone.  Sywpe technology is nothing short of amazing.  I've had to go back to using my boyfriend's iPhone touching each letter by letter... it is torture.  Plus, the 4G Tmobile network is blazing fast.The z hinge makes me nervous. It is nifty but I catch myself playing with it and it is sure to break.  Beyond that, it is a solid phone.  I've dropped it twice with no damage (thank gosh).Love this phone....

I had my previous G1 phone for about three years every since it came out and never wanted another phone, until I seen they made the new G2 in December of 2010. I had to have it!! So I went to the TMobile store and bought one and it works even better than my old G1 phone. First I love watching YouTube videos all the time,and with the G2 the phone goes faster and shows better quality video. Plus my old G1 use to skip alot when I would get into the middle of the video(which is the best part). I also noticed that the internet is WAY faster as well of course since it's 3G/4G speeds,it does not take along time to look up something on the internet especially if your in a rush and need information quick. Also the 3.7 display is excellent!! Makes it more fun to watch videos or make them even look at photos. The touch screen is more funtional to,the G1 had no problems but it was just a little slow when you want to touch and select a letter or a part of a page(not alot but just a little). And I love the keyboard better. Because it has different options to choose from and you can zig-zag a word across the keyboard display and it will write it out for you!! Now tell me how cool is that!! And last but not least one thing I am so happy they changed was the camera,because the camera was the one thing I truly hated on the G1 phone. When I use to try to take pics with myself or take some of the family they use to come out blurry alot,and I would have to result to my sony camera which I don't carry it everywhere with me,so if I get a blurry picture then its a lost(And you should never have to lose a precious moment because of a blur). And sometimes they would come out to dark,now the G2 has a flash bulit in so say goodbye to dark pictures!! Overall they made a great phone,im glad I bought this phone and I will keep it for years. My niece even was impressed and she just bought the new Verizon I-PHONE 32GB. Thanks so much T-MOBILE and HTC I will buy the next G PHONE because with this phone,there are no better phones out there!!Or NO better ANDROID PHONE'S.

This phone is my first smart phone so when I was going to purchase it I did plenty of research online and at the store. I wasn't sure if I wanted this one, the G2, or the Samsung Vibrant. The reason I got this one was because of the 4G network.Now, after a few months I know that I made the right decision.The pros are:The phone is the fastest thing I've ever used, it never has errors or freezes or anything.The 4G network works great, I have 4G everywhere and it really is like 3 times faster.The keyboard, even though I didn't like it much at first, is extremely useful and now I can't live without it. When writing long emails and texting it is a lot faster than the swype and with less mistakes.The screen is big so it is great to see videos, browse the web, and play games.Personally I think the phone has a beautiful, modern, and original (non iphone) design.The battery life last, with extreme usage (Calling, gps, music, browsing, pictures, etc), at least from morning to night. Just charge overnight and you are good to go. You don't even need the car charger.The mic and the "earspeaker" (the one you use normally) work great, with no problem or noise.The cons:It is heavier and bulkier compared to other phones but it fits perfectly well inside a pocket so no complains.The big speaker (the one you use for music or whatever) is not so good.Conclusion:Buy it! You won't regret it...

My previous phone was the AT&T; Tilt, also made by HTC. It's about 2 years old, and it was a Windows Mobile phone. I've had the G2 for almost two weeks now and I have to say - it's the best phone I've ever used.  Android blows Windows Mobile out of the water, no question.  I've also experience with other Android phones, but I've noticed that most of them have some kind of manufacturer "overlay" on the OS.  Even HTC puts their HTC Sense add-on onto most of their phones.  The G2 is the pure Android OS without any of the extra software covering it up - and trust me...that's a good thing.Pros:-Pure Android OS.  I could go on for hours about how great Android is.  Let's just keep it short and sweet:  It's fast, very user-friendly, and very customizable.  You can set the G2 up in whatever way you'll be the most comfortable using it.-Extremely fast hardware and software.  There is no wait time for ANYTHING on the G2 that doesn't involve downloading something from the network.  There is zero delay in switching between apps, launching new ones, loading pictures, playing vidoes, nothing.-Great size, weight, and feel.  It's rather heavy, which I actually prefer. To me the weight gives it a sturdier feel.  It's extremely thin for having a full QWERTY keyboard, and the length and width measurements are just the right size as well. The screen is glass, which feels very nice.  The back cover and the frame around the screen are made of metal, which gives it a very sturdy, industrial feel.-Good camera.  5MP camera, with a bright flash.  I've taken pictures outside, inside with a window, and in a basement with no windows.  All of them have turned out really well.  I've only tried the video camera inside, but it was pretty good quality.-Great QWERTY keyboard.  Not as great as my old HTC Tilt (best keyboard I've ever layed my thumbs on btw), but still very good.  Very comfortable to use, good key positioning, responsive buttons that you can actually tell you've pressed.  Certainly much better than on the Motorola Droid (that keyboard is a nightmare...).-Very responsive touchscreen.  As good as the iPhone.  Picks up every swipe, flick, tap, etc.  It also supports multi-touch.-The SWYPE keyboard.  I've always been a huge proponent of full QWERTY keyboards on phones. I'm a huge texter. That's why I waited so long for the G2 to come out - I can't stand touchscreen keyboards and refused to buy anything without a QWERTY keyboard.  There's no tactile feedback to let me know what key I've just pressed, and where it's at in relation to the other keys.  But now that I've tried the SWYPE keyboard, I've barely been using the full keyboard on the G2 at all.  SWYPE is extremely fast, and you don't have to be too accurate when using it.  I'll misspell a word, or I'll miss a letter or two, and it will still get the word I was trying to type.  The biggest difficulty is with short words like "or" and "of", but those are very minor annoyances compared to how quickly I'm able to type everything else.  For my next phone, as long as I can get the SWYPE keyboard on it, I won't care if it has a QWERTY keyboard or not.  And that's saying a lot.Neutral:-The optical sensor.  It's probably better than a trackball, but I feel that a d-pad may have been easier to use.  Sometimes when I'm texting I just want to go back a letter or two to correct something, and the optical sensor is a little touchy.  The cursor will end up going too far or not far enough. But it's a touchscreen phone and I rarely use the optical sensor, so it's not a big deal at all.-USB charger.  The mini-USB plug for the G2 may be standard for a few other phones, but not a lot of them, and certainly not for any other type of device.  I like that my last phone used the same USB plug as my camera, and my mp3 player, and one of my other old phones.  I had charger cords that would fit my old phone everywhere.  But this one is pretty non-standard, and as much as I have to charge this thing (see the Cons section) it's a bit of a pain that I'm going to have to buy at least one more charger for it.Cons:-Battery life.  By far the biggest negative to this phone.  When my HTC Tilt was new it would last two days of heavy use without dropping below 25% battery.  Even after I owned it two years with the original battery, I could still text and talk heavily on it and it wouldn't need to be charged until I went to bed.  I was hoping that since the G2 is also made by HTC it'd be similar in that respect.  Unfortunately...no.  In the last two weeks I've only made it through one or two days without having to charge it in the middle of the day.  Today, for example, I had a text conversation that lasted maybe an hour and the battery was down to 40 percent.  I had to put it on the charger because I know it won't last the rest of the day if I spend much time using it at all.  Plus the charger cord is only about 3 feet long, and when you have to charge it so often, it gets to be a pretty big hassle to have to sit so close to a power outlet.-The hinge.  I love the WAY that it slides out, the z-hinge.  It's pretty unique, and it feels pretty slick.  But the hinge itself feels pretty flimsy.  I went to the T-Mobile store after I bought the G2 to buy insurance for it, solely because the hinge feels very toy-like.  The rest of the phone feels very sturdy, but i dropped it (and I've never broken a phone before) I'm very worried that the hinges would snap like a twig.  I'm even worried about putting any kind of pressure on them because they don't feel like they could stand it.  The hinges on my HTC Tilt were rock solid, and I'm disappointed that they're not keeping that same standard on the G2.-Bloatware.  The G2 does come with a ton of great Google apps.  Some of them are extremely useful (Maps, Voice, Places), some are cool but will probably be used rarely (Goggles, Shopper, Skymap, Translate), and some will never be used (Finance, MyTracks).  The problem is that you can't uninstall these apps.  A bigger problem is that some of them, and other apps (Photobucket, Amazon MP3, QuickOffice, TMobile's MyAccount)run automatically in the background, and as soon as you stop them they just start automatically again.  The phone is still extremely fast, but I can't imagine how much quicker it would be without all this crap running in the background.  I have Advance Task Killer, but as soon as it kills the extra tasks, they just start again.  The G2 gives you control over everything else that goes on with Android, why not let you uninstall the crapware you don't want that is just taking up space and slowing down your phone?Overall the G2 is an excellent phone, the best one I've ever used.  I'd recommend it to anybody.  It has a couple of problems with the hinge and the battery life, but otherwise it's a great phone.

I have had nothing but problems with this phone since I got it from Amazon in June 2011.  The phone initially came with a corrupt sd card.  Once that fiasco got straightened out (thanks to Amazon for figuring out the issue - HTC was ZERO help in determining the issue!) the self-shutting off became more and more pronounced.The phone shuts off repeatedly throughout the day - there is no pattern to the shut-offs either.  Sometimes it will shut off while I'm holding it and using the GPS, sometimes while it is sitting on my desk at work not being touched.  A few times, simply pulling out the keyboard shuts the phone off.  Other times i can jar it and it will be perfectly fine.I've done factory re-sets, researched all the user forums, tried reinserting sd card & sim card, put paper between the sd card and the battery, between the battery and the casing.  Nothing helps.Stay away from this phone.  Trust me - it's not worth the aggravation!

Last year I decided to jump into the smartphone craze and upgrade my Motorola W490. I've been with T-Mobile for almost ten years now and I'm quite content with their service so I wasn't planning on changing carriers just for a fancy phone. I also wouldn't spend $250 or more for an unlocked phone to use on the T-Mobile network so I knew my choices were limited to what they offered.First I decided what I wanted in a smartphone: GPS, physical keyboard, email/web, camera, good battery life, large screen, and a calendar. I played with a Blackberry at a T-Mobile store and was unimpressed by the tiny keyboard and pitiful screen. I knew I didn't want a Windows OS phone at the time after the horrible reviews I'd read so I was ready to try Android or a custom OS.I did all my research and narrowed the selections down to a few almost-there phones that met most of my requirements, but then I caught wind of the G2 and that immediately squashed the competition flat. It had everything I wanted in a phone with much more to boot. So I waited the six months and now that I've got my hands on it I'm never letting it go.I fell in love with the GPS from Google Maps when Google shaved 15 minutes off my commute from my Garmin c240. I fell in love with Google's calendar and the Android app market as soon as I accessed them. Yahoo! email, Google email, corporate email all at my fingertips is a very good feeling. :-D I especially like the clean OS - there's no extra software from HTC or T-Mobile to clog the phone's performance. It's blazing fast.There are only two things about the phone that I would like to see improved: 1) battery life. I'm used to a phone that lasts 1-2 weeks before needing a charge. This puppy needs to be charged daily (even with the extra stuff turned off). So I understand there is an adjustment involved but I'd still like the battery to last forever, you know? 2) The top part of the phone/hinge is a little flimsy for my tastes. I understand the cover adds weight to it but I still don't like it just falling open while I'm walking.In short, I LOVE MY G2!!! Now all I need are more accessories (i.e. car kit) to be released for it!!

I bought this phone about a year and a half ago.  I wanted something that was touch screen, but I needed the keyboard.  At first I thought the phone was very heavy.  I don't even notice the weight anymore.  This is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  The Android system is great.  The phone itself has lasted much longer than I would have guessed.  I thought with the way the keyboard pulled out that I would manage to break it, but I haven't.  The only downside is that the battery seems to die quickly.  I use a lot of the programs on the phone, so I don't expect it to last all day, but I have to charge it at night and again by midday. As a previous person mentioned, you have to be careful not to let programs continue running in the background.  I am definitely going to replace my G2 with the same model, before they are gone.

i have a slight phone addiction when ever i get some money together i buy a new phone over the past year i have owned 9 (high end smart phones) different phones and this phone by far is the best one if you want to go with any phone manufacturer it has to be HTC they make the best phones with great build quality better than any other phones i have also owned the iphone 4 and this phone the G2 leaves the iphone 4 in the dust in terms of speed and ability to customize, and also this phone has a next generation snap dragon processor so expect that this phone will receive many Google OS updates.

I just recieved this phone about three days ago and I must say I am impressed...I love all the features except it doesn't have a dual camera, but it's cool...no the battery life isn't good, but I'm always on the market and using my apps, so yes I do carry my wall charger and I have my car charger in the car...overall I'm not disappointed except I don't have a dual camera and when I'm in video chat I have to turn my cell around or go in the bathroom to look, but I love the phone....Oh yeah I use to be with (Verizon Droid)they suck along with their high prices! Couldn't wait for my contract to be over! Get the G2 you will not be disappointed.

I have had this phone since the day it came out and still love it. It's held up well, the battery still lasts an entire day with normal use of calls, internet and games, and it charges quickly. The "z" hinge hasn't been an issue with me at all. Even though I bought the phone because of it's physical keyboard, I very rarely use it. My phone is almost never open. The touch screen is big enough to type that way, and the skype feature, though it took a week or so to get used to it, has been fantastic. The games, speed, customization and layout is wonderful and I think I'll keep this phone until the G4 even, as it's everything I need and more.

I bought this phone after I had my G1 stolen. I loved my G1. Lots of people would show me their Droids, Evos, Samsungs, etc, but I liked my G1. Why? Because the T-Mobile G1 didn't have Motoblur, Sense UI or anything else layered on top of it. It was just a pristine Android phone. Uncluttered and very hackable. I use my phone for work. I work in the IT industry. I preferred not having updates for Facebook or any of that crap. But it was stolen... :(So I bought the G2. Holy mackerel! This thing was just like my G1, only I didn't have to hack it at all. It is fast. It is uncluttered. It is flawless! Sure, it doesn't have stuff like an HDMI port or a front facing video camera, but I don't need those things anyway. I need it to work fast and not force close stuff because Sense UI or Motoblur isn't liking what I am doing. I get that level of compatibility with my G2. I am in love.Though I miss my old G1, I am happy I have my G2. I think I will stick with this phone for a good long time. Perhaps until HTC comes out with a G3.Tips for the battery. DO NOT leave location settings on. They will both kill your battery. Only use them when you need them. So perhaps get a widget for each so you can quickly turn them on and off as needed. Same goes for the WIFI. Don't leave it on when you aren't at a place where you have connected before. It will continuously scan if you do and that is a power drain. Do press the power button instead of letting it time out to turn off the screen.Tips for making any Android phone a better experience. Do get Launcher Pro. Adds home screens, makes them wrap around, adds widget buttons to either side of the app tray button for phone,contact, messaging, web. Settings, sound, remove haptic feedback. Remove audible touch tones, selection. Display, set the brightness as low as possible. Saves the battery A TON! Screen timeout, 2 mins. Accounts-Sync, remove auto-sync. No more annoying notices for every Email you get. Languages/Keyboard, Swype remove Vibrate on keypress. Same on Android keyboard.After doing all of that I would also remove animations of any kind. While it looks cool to pop stuff in and out and all of that jazz... It adds time. I often do stuff very quickly and switch windows and what not. I don't need to add a second to everything I do. But you might like the glitz and the glamour.In the end you will have a very stable phone. It will also have a much longer battery life!

The Android OS is great.  The G2 is fast.  While battery life is not quite as long lived as a blackberry, the HTC G2 can go from morning till after work with use of Juice Defender.  Add a Chi Chi 1900maH  battery and you can make it to morning (unlike Iphone, you can change batteries).  Like the Blackberry the G2 provides for a discrete keyboard for those used to a little more of a tactile interface when typing.  The G2 is as plain Android as it gets...no crapware from the carrier to deal with.Getting apps from the Android Store or Amazon market is sooooooo much easier than the Blackberry store.  Plus, selection of useful android apps is much greater than for blackberry.  DropBox and Evernote on android are fantastic and were the reasons that got me to consider the move to android.  Combined with Docs-to-Go, Google Reader and Kindle I have been able to pretty much stop carrying a netbook around with me.After almost two months with the G2, I got my better half one as well.  Their transition from Blackberry is still underway, but appears to be on course for a happy new life with Android and the G2.

My only complaint is that I can not see the screen in the sunlight. Otherwise, this is the best phone I've ever had! Easy to use, and perfect for keeping up with all of the different areas of my life.

If you're looking at this phone, you're probably not interested in hearing how it compares to an iPhone.  After all, this has a keyboard and Google's Android and is only available for T-Mobile.  If you really want an iPhone you'll look elsewhere.The ONLY complaint that I have with this phone is the unique "Z" hinge.  This phone is a slider with a slide-out keyboard (a pretty great one).  In order to keep the phone slim and unique, HTC built this phone with a hinge instead of a slide.  The hinge allows the screen to snap up and out and then in to place so that you can type on the keyboard.  The only problem is that this hinge doesn't have much (if any) tension on it.  The phone drops open if you don't hold it together and this lack of snap worries me with respect to the hinge's long-term durability.Calls are great, clear and loud.  The phone has Google's OS on there, so you get over 200,000 apps and all of Google's free services including turn-by-turn guided navigation, voice actions and search, and Gmail.

I've had this phone for just over a year. It is a great smartphone. Pros and cons follow:PROS-  Good, solid build. I bought an OtterBox commuter case for this phone, thankfully, because I've dropped it several times...hard enough to make the case come flying off. However, thankfully the phone is still working normally.-  Decent call quality and signal. My calls are clear and I rarely get a dropped call. Reception in the central Texas area is good.-  I really like the slide-out QWERTY keyboard. I've tried the virtual keyboards, to include Swype, and they seem more cumbersome to me than the slide-out QWERTY keyboard. Because of the physical keyboard, now I don't mind sending texts and emails from my phone.-  The Android experience has been great! I really like the applications and features, and the Android Market continues to evolve and new apps are continually created. Truthfully, I only use about 20 apps regularly, but it is nice to know more are being produced. The Google navigation app is particularly nice.- Data package. So, this is more geared towards T-Mobile. I have a data package that only costs $10 a month, but it has a 200MB data limit per month too. So I use WiFi at the house, and T-Mobile's data network when I'm on the go. Doing this, I can stay way under the 200MB limit.CONS-  I think the main drawback to buying this phone is the T-Mobile network. My office is notorious for signal interference. That said, my co-workers on the Verizon and AT&T; networks obtain a better signal than me more consistently. Not a huge deal, because I can still receive calls...but I have to put my phone on top of my cubicle :) . While T-Mobile's rates are lower, it also means the network is less robust than other carriers (at least down here in central Texas).Overall though, still immensely satisfied with my purchase.

I have had this phone for 1 week and already love this phone. Ordering throught Amazon was quick, easy, and reliable. I used the upgrade phone service and ended up getting a nice discount by buying through amazon. There were no hitches in terms of modifying my existing cell phone plan, no hidden fees.Pros:Keyboard: No problems with the hinge, a physical keyboard makes life so much easier for texting or even just web surfing, typing in urls etc.GUI: Very easy to use and customize the android GUI.GPS: Works great, I used it to track down some real estate using the Zillow app, very handy.Internet browsing: Very fast web surfing on the new T-mobile "4G" network.Physical interface: The feel of this phone is great. It is on the heavy side, but not too heavy, feels like a quality product. Feels good in your hand, not too big.So So:Call quality: nothing particularly great about the call quality.Camera: Works just ok. Keep your stand-alone camera handy.Cons:Battery life is short. I sometimes work > 24 hours at a time and need to bring my charger with me because the phone battery dies within a day of light usage.

I bought mine through T-Mobile. Had been having trouble off an on for a few months and now it doesn't charge at all. Very frustrating.UPDATE: What T-Mobile won't tell you is that HTC has a 15 month from date of manufacture warranty that might go past T-Mobile's. Call HTC if you have an issue.888-716-3594

Ok Ive read othr reviews on the G2 and I have to say. The one star demerit thats been given for this phone makeing it a 4 star phone instead of 5 is WRONG. Ive had my G2 about 6 months. At first like the rest of the review writers I complained about the battery life as well. Then I figured it out. If you turn off your wireless when youre not using the phone. Your battery virtually stays full almost all of the day.  5 stars.

I am awaiting my 4th one of these in 13 months. 2 have had the screen fail (not broken physically, just stops working). The latest one also had keyboard issues (keys worn out and not responding) before the screen quit.I have never had a phone break on me before, so am not a particularly hard user. These phones are feature packed, and great (though not as user friendly as an iPhone) when working, but the build and reliability has been terrible in my experience.I wonder how many of the 5* reviews have had their phones long enough to experience the downside.

I upgraded from the G1 to the G2 two months ago.  The problems started in the plaza outside the building and seems there are new disappointments always cropping up.  I don't usually write reviews, but I read them and I wrote this one because I wanted to warn people to avoid this phone.  While they fixed the bugs in the G1, the new bugs are far more aggrevating.  Here is a list of my least favorite things... The keyboard has no dedicated number row which makes typing in credit card numbers, PINs and addresses slow and difficult.  The top row of the keyboard is too tight for most folk's fingers to fit so typing is tricky.  The keyboard doesn't lock closed so it flops open and the screen comes on to drain the battery or worse activate the touch screen functions so your phone is off and running without you.  I especially like speed dialing friends at 3am.  But wait, the outside volume control cannot be turned off so it too functions independently.  Tonight I was waiting next to the phone for an important call only to look up and see I had a voice mail.  My workout buddy went home because my ringer turn itself down to inaudible.  But it is equal opportunity for any media volume.  The screen erratically flashes during a call so that it is difficult to impossible to press numbers for ringups or to hangup or whatever.  The slide bar to answer calls is just plain bizarre.  I basically have to use WiFi to access the internet as the 4G won't often load even at a slower speed and tells me "web page not available" when it is via WiFi.  I was loyal to this service provider for years and recommended them to everyone.  But this phone is such a disappointment that I'm willing to break my contract, pay the penalty and jump ship to the iPhone my friends rave about.  It isn't what I wanted, but sadly what I got.  Don't buy the phone if you want to communicate with the outside world.  On the bright side, it does work well as an alarm clock.

I've spent hours testing and playing with various smartphones, and my conclusion was that the T-mobile G2 was simply the best. My previous phone was a pretty basic Motorola, and after trying the G2, iPhone4, Evo 4G, Samsung Vibrant and the Droid 2, I decided that the G2 is the best choice out of them all if I were to move up to a smartphone and there's only one phrase to describe why:User Friendliness.The Android OS on this phone is as basic as it gets, meaning there's no other software that clutters your interface and slows down your phone. This latest version of Android known as Froyo (or version 2.2) allows the OS to be compatible with almost all of the latest apps on the market meaning there's little worry about compatibility. The buttons and touchscreen are all very responsive, and there is virtually no delay in opening programs/app or browsing the phone. The charger plug is mini-usb, which means it's compatible with many chargers by other manufacturers and that saved me money because I didn't need to buy a new in-car charger. Battery life is also superb, and that's a big deal for me because I hate to worry about my phones running out of juice if I'm in an emergency. I usually last the entire day without needing a charge even with heavy usage.The best part is that the phone's OS syncs with your gmail/google and Facebook accounts and this makes SET UP A BREEZE. I personally hate to change phones because I always spend hours setting up the device, adding photos of my friends and their emails into my contact list. On startup I had the phone sync with my gmail account and Facebook account, and once I copied my contacts from the SIM card, the phone started to add photos of my contacts from Facebook, and it also added their emails from my email account and consolidated all that into my contact list. It was so easy that I was blown away.There are many other aspects of the phone that I think make it great, such as the solid build quality and the convenience of a very well designed qwerty keyboard (it has great spacing so it still felt comfortable for my large hand and fingers). A quality qwerty keyboard like this is exactly what I've been looking for in a smartphone that also has a touchscreen. The aluminum pieces and the soft touch plastics certainly give it a premium feel. T-mobile's service is also fantastic, as I basically entered the store, and exited with my new phone in less than 20 minutes. By the time I got home I was also able to use T-mobile's internet network known as HSPA, which was VERY FAST in the LA area. I'm not sure if it's as fast as 4G like T-mobile claimed, but it was definitely faster than any 3G phone I've tried. There were barely any delays when watching Youtube videos and browsing the the web was a snap. The only downside is that the HSPA service is still developing, and it just doesn't reach some suburban areas like my house. It's not a big deal because I have WiFi in the house so I don't really need HSPA at home.In my opinion a phone should be all about convenience and user friendliness, and this phone definitely delivers in these two categories. This is the most versatile I've ever used and I have good feeling I will be using this phone for quite a long time.

I decided to purchase new phones last month.  We were torn between iPhones and Android's.  I am not an iPhone basher, but we went with Android's.  I liked the reliability of the Blackberry as a business phone and that is what I used for the last 5 years.  However, I knew that it was time to make the change to a smartphone.In my opinion all Android's are pretty much the same, regardless of who makes them or what they are called.  So why did I go with the G2.  The main reason is the keyboard.  I needed an actual keyboard similar to a Blackberry.  However, I didn't want the limited screen size of a Blackberry.The second reason to purchase a G2.  It is designed to run Google Apps first, unlike most Android Phones come ready to use all Android apps.  The G2 comes with Google Apps preloaded.I highly recommend this phone.

I have been using this phone for last two weeks. This is my third Smart phone which I'm keeping for long time for sure. I have used G1, HTC Evo and now G2.People say it has lower clock speed than those other biggies with 1ghz processors. But I have used EVO but I haven't seen any area in which G2 lacks behind those biggies. Ill list the pros and cons which I feel should be shared.Pros :1. Very Fast Processor (800Mhz) which performs like a winner.2. Excellent Battery life as compared other biggies. for my use, the battery lives for the entire day and so when I'm back home I can juice it up. (Better than EVO and G1)3. Huge 3.7 Touch screen is very responsive. HTC does a good job in Touch screens. I have used EVO which has same touch scree.4. Stock Android 2.2 which is just awesome as it gets. No third party UI's. HTC sense is very good UI which is on EVO. But i do prefer stock android.5. Very Good sensitive track pad.6. The phone weight gives it a substance. (for most the people its a disadv) but i have tried Samsung Vibrant. it feels cheap. I dont like samsung products.(just personal view)7. Wifi Calling works fine. (its good for me as i work in basement so i can receive and make calls)8. Call Quality is very good. It does not have as good radio as EVO an other biggies but still never will drop your call for sure.Cons :1. Some T-mobile applications which doesn't run. irritating.2. I like the physical keyboard phone. But i like the keyboard on Samsung Impression which is just the best one.Keyboard on G2 is very big which is not really as disadv but i don't like it.3. Facebook recently updated their application which sucks big time.4. T-mobile says on-board storage of 4GB but comes only with 1.5 GB Which is a biggggggg disadv.All in all one of the best Smart Super phone on the market.

The G2 is a tough looking device. It's not exactly rugged, but it looks like it means business. The housing is made up of two distinct surfaces: a gray, soft touch plastic, and silver brushed aluminum. The overall design is reminiscent of the Nexus One, though more squared off and stately. The phone feels higher end than a lot of previous HTC devices, with little touches like a standalone release latch for the battery cover. While the phone is handsome, it is on the thick side, clocking in at 0.58 inches (the device itself is 4.68 inches by 2.38 inches in length and width). It's not light, either. The G2 weighs 6.5 ounces, which has a notable heft in your hand. Next to an iPhone 4 it looks massive, though it's only a bit bigger than something like the BlackBerry Torch or Droid Incredible.On the front of the device, the glass, capacitive screen is surrounded by a silver band, and HTC has chucked off the trackball for a BlackBerry Bold-esque optical trackpad. You've got the standard Android hard touch buttons here, and we can attest to much better tracking on these than with the Nexus One. On the right side of the phone is a two-stage camera button and release latch, on top is a power / sleep button and 3.5mm headphone jack, and the left side of the phone sports a volume rocker and micro USB slot. Around back is the 5 megapixel camera's lens alongside an LED flash.Of course, this isn't just a touchscreen device -- the face of the phone slides and pivots up (using HTC's "z-hinge") to reveal a full QWERTY landscape keyboard. Now a lot of fuss has been made about this hinge design, and we can tell you that the reports are mostly true. The hinge works beautifully, but if you tilt the phone so that gravity is working on the screen, it will slide back down or dangle. It just doesn't lock tightly into the "open" position. This wasn't really a problem in nearly all of our use, but it will be a major bummer if you're planning on laying down and holding this above you while typing. Besides the very minor hinge issue, the keyboard itself is one of the best landscape QWERTYs we've ever used. The keys are excellently sized and shaped, and have a good bit of space between them. The tactile feel of the keys was just clicky enough to reassure, but not too stiff to move quickly. Additionally, HTC thoughtfully has included three dedicated quick keys which can be user assigned to just about anything, and the keyboard has a standalone "www / .com" key -- a big help. If you like landscape keyboards, it'll be tough to find a superior choice.

I switched phone carriers and bought this phone all through amazon wireless. It cost me a mere 49.99 which is a great deal considering that it's value is over 500.00.Things that I love about this phone:Android 2.2.... need I say moreThe fast and easy way it navigates through all applications.Integration of Google Voice, Talk, Gmail and others services through Google....... freaking AWESEOME!Talking directly into the phone to search, text, and compose ROCKS!Movable widgets and easy to use personalization settings.The hinge is good on my phone. Some reviews suggest that the hinge is fragile but, mines is sturdy and snaps back into place easily. It's not loose or faulty in any way.The wifi calling is NOT free..... not sure why people thought it was. It uses your minutes. It's free for web usage. You can get the lowest package if you have wireless internet at home or your job. You will never go over your plan limits.The best thing about this phone is, that it's ever evolving with Android. Google just made it that much better.Great keyboard, very easy to get use to. Touch screen is seamless and easy to navigate. The speaker is low but from what I hear you can reset the volume in your settings. Overall call quality is great.Things that could be approved upon.....Battery Life------- it may suck but it's this way because the phone is so darn fun you'll be on it all the time, using up the battery life.The navigation button on the front is virtually useless...... I don't see myself ever using it. It would've been better if HTC put a front view camera capture there instead.The location of the charging input is on the side of the phone. It's uncomfortable to use while charging. It would've been better on the bottom of the phone.Overall..... I feel like I got an awesome deal and will probably always get this brand of phone.

This is my 2nd smart phone.  I had an iPhone 3G and enjoyed that at the time but it was so slow.  I wasn't sure about the Android platform as I had not used it before.  I have loved the switch!  Android has so much more flexibility than Apple does.  I still enjoy Apple products though.  Anyway, the phone.  Fast operating system, great look, I'm not sure how I feel about the keyboard; I probably wouldn't get one with it for my next phone.  I dislike the scroll button on the front as it implies more functionality than it really gives. It is somewhat useful for what it does.  It is heavier than I would like even though at first I thought that would be a nice feature as it feels like it's more substantial.  Don't care about that anymore.  Overall: great phone; fast.  I would recommend it to anyone (in fact I have to 2 of my friends and they also have it).

I owned the first Android phone, the G1. While I loved getting in on Android early, it wasn't long before it started to feel slow. Once the first Motorola Droid came out there was a new set of expectations for how fast things should run. Not to mention a flood of apps started hitting the market that my poor old G1 just didn't have the hardware to run. Since then I'd been waiting for the perfect replacement. It seemed like it would never happen - plenty of fast phones came out, and some of them even for T-Mobile. But NONE had those characteristics combined with a keyboard.I almost got the MyTouch 3G Slide when it came out, despite the wonky looking "Espresso" skin. It had some flaws, but it had Android and a keyboard, and wasn't as dirt slow as my G1. But now, I'm glad I didn't. The G2 is probably the most well rounded smartphone I've ever seen, and a perfect fit for me. I can't imagine giving this thing up for any phone on the market right now, even if carrier wasn't a concern.Hardware:The screen is big enough to be impressive, but not so large that it could pose a problem for some users (eg the Evo 4G - one of the most impressive phones ever built to be sure, but it is actually too big for some people to use effectively). The 3.7 inch form factor seems to be a good middle ground. Resolution is 800x480, which was standard for the higher end of the spectrum at the time it released. It's still quite good today - amazingly there are still budget phones coming out at 480x320 - I don't think I could go back to that. Colors are good, the display is bright. Sunlight visibility is as good as anything (meaning not that great, but no display is outside of e-ink).DO NOT let the 800MHz CPU clock speed fool you. It's an MSM7230, which is a second-gen Qualcomm Snapdragon. You will never notice that it's not 1GHz (except maybe by better battery life). The phone runs stock Android, no custom skin. This easily makes up for the CPU speed. Even now, a year later, most apps load instantly. It runs new games like Dungeon Defenders perfectly smooth. To illustrate my point - when the Samsung Galaxy S came out, I remember seeing an Engadget post enthusiastically saying that their unit had gotten 55FPS on the Neocore graphics benchmark. I ran the benchmark on my G2 - 58FPS. The Galaxy S was considered the newest and hottest thing at the time.The hardware keyboard is one of the best I've used, if not the best. Beats my Droid 2 work phone by a country mile. Dedicated @ and [...] keys. It also has 3 blank hotkeys which you can set to launch apps of your choosing. I honestly haven't used this much myself, but it's a great feature that I haven't seen anywhere else.If you're a connectivity junky, this phone is for you. Sure, lots of phones can do wi-fi tethering these days. It's been built in to Android since 2.2. Even the Verizon iPhone does it. But on many phones, if the carrier doesn't force the manufacturer to disable the feature entirely, they require an additional monthly fee. A phone that tethers without a charge is a rare gem, and this is one of them. It will tether through either WiFi or USB, no extra dollars required. This feature has saved me more than just a few times (and consequently, the fact that the HP Touchpad was WiFi only means diddly to me, heh). I only use it when necessary, and I can tell you I have NEVER gone over my 5GB cap. Most months I don't even approach 1GB. That includes the billing period where some friends and I tethered the Touchpad all the way through a 5.5 hour drive to Chicago and back again. And even if I did go over, T-Mobile doesn't charge you overage - they just slow you down to EDGE speeds for the rest of the billing period.Battery life is quite good for a smartphone. Due in no small part, I'm sure, to the 800MHz CPU. Even with the stock battery, I rarely had to charge it outside of its nightly bedside charge. Only on very heavy usage days. But these days I am running an extended battery from Mugen. 1800mAh as opposed to the stock 1300mAh. My record so far is 52 hours, and I still had 20% battery at that point. If the math didn't click for you, that is OVER 2 DAYS. With a smartphone. This is the sort of battery life I used to get with my old Verizon flip phone. That is only the extended battery model that still fits under the stock battery cover. Mugen also makes a 3600mAh unit which requires a larger battery cover - a hump on the back of the phone. Simple multiplication (possible 4 days runtime - are you kidding me?) suggests it may be worth the added bulk. :)Speaking of bulk - it's not overly large. It is of course thicker than something like an iPhone 4 or Samsung Galaxy S, due to the hardware keyboard. But it's not huge. It's one of the slimmest phones with a keyboard out there, and with the beveled edges you will have no trouble at all slipping it in and out of a pocket. I wouldn't call it heavy - no modern phone is, really. But it is definitely dense - as in well built. It just feels solid and well built. Typical HTC construction. Not like the Samsungs which almost feel hollow.Software:I'll only mention things here that are unique to this phone. The rest is stock Android.It comes with the ability to use Google Voice for your voicemail. The reason this is great is that Google Voice transcribes the messages into text. It's not perfect, but it's usually close enough to find out what the message is without listening to it.Here's an Android history lesson - it's actually been possible to use GV for your voicemail on Android for a long time, by setting your phone to send unanswered calls to your GV number. Then you just install the GV app and set it to download messages automatically. I was doing this with my old G1 for some time. Where the G2 innovates is this: when you're first setting the phone up, it asks whether you want to use your carrier's voicemail, or GV. If you choose GV, it does all that behind the scenes setup for you. From then on, when you get a voicemail, you get a notification from GV - tap on that, and you can either read the voicemail, listen, or both. This option can be changed later FYI.Android 2.3. While the phone originally came with 2.2, there is an upgrade to 2.3 over-the-air. It might be that units sold now are shipping with 2.3? I really don't know. Anyway - 2.3 is not the quantum leap forward that 2.2 was, but it does have some nice additions. Better battery life, an improved mechanism for selecting text that lets you adjust the selection before hitting copy/cut or paste (the old method just copied as soon as you finished dragging - it was annoying if you missed a few characters on your first attempt). And of course, 2.3 was when Android went to the black and green theme which I love. Lots of other improvements, too many to go into.Network:No getting around it, T-Mobile does not have the greatest coverage area. 3G is mostly only in major metros, because that is the only place T-Mobile's own network exists. In other areas they partner with regional carriers, which are usually only EDGE (2G) or GPRS (amazingly slow data, barely usable for more than text messaging). Voice coverage is pretty widespread due to those regional carriers - I always have the ability to call, it's just the data coverage is slow outside of my hometown of Des Moines. On the flip side though, this is one of only 2 or 3 phones I know of which comes with the ability to place calls through WiFi. It does use your plan minutes which is not so great, but it has allowed me to place calls in situations where I otherwise couldn't have.Here is the other side of that coin though - T-Mobile may not have the most widespread 3G network, but in the areas they do have 3G, they are often the fastest. Only Sprint can really compete with their network quality. Here's an example when sitting at home, where I have 3G on both my personal and work phones: On my Droid 2 (Verizon) I can get 500kbps down and 300kbps up, on a good day. My G2 (T-Mobile) consistently gets 2-3mbps down and 1-2mbps up. I have never seen it get less than 2/1. You can tell the difference when you load web pages or other internet content. Not that Verizon's 3G is unusable of course - but there is a marked difference.I refuse to say anything regarding "4G" because no technology currently advertised these days is truly 4G. Also, we don't have HSPA+ here yet.Voice quality with this phone has always been exceptional. I might have had 2 or 3 dropped calls in the entire year I've owned it. Not kidding.Wrap-up:One final note - you will see some reviews that mention the fact that if you open the keyboard and then hold the phone by its base with the display facing down, the screen will fall, closing the keyboard. If you're having trouble visualizing, that would be if you were lying on your back, holding the phone up with the keyboard open. While it is true that this can occur when the phone's held that way, it's so unlikely that you'll actually do so that I have trouble grasping why reviewers even bothered to mention it. Just one of those rumors that hit critical mass on the internet, I guess. I only mention it here to counteract all the reviews and comments you're likely to see that make it sound like the end of time is upon us because of the G2's hinge. For what it's worth, I have encountered it exactly one time in the year I've had this phone. And I'd still rather have this hinge, which slaps (yeah, seriously) effortlessly and quickly into its open and closed positions, than my Droid 2 work phone which requires far too much force to slide, probably because the keys grind along the back of the screen - sheesh.If you're on T-Mobile and looking at this as an upgrade, it is well worth the money. Period.

This is my first smartphone.  I'm not typically a laggard, but I've been waiting for the PERFECT phone.  Is this it?  No.  I give it 4 stars out of 5, but the reasons for the demerit are minor and are not unique to this phone.  It's the most perfect phone (for me) out there.  I've played with iPhones (3g, 3gS, 4), and other Google phones (G1, Nexus One, Galaxy S, Droid X), and this phone is what I've been waiting for.I've had it for almost a week now and no regrets.Pros:- Android is just #$%&@! incredible.  It's so intuitive.  I had facebook and gmail up and running within seconds of turning the phone on for the first time.- The build quality is great.  The phone has a really solid feel (especially compared to Galaxy S and VZ Droid X).- Fast, fast, fast. Web, messaging, apps, downloads, uploads... Just fast.  I was worried about the 800 mhz processor, especially with 1 Ghz and dual core's coming out over the next few months, but I can't imagine seeing a noticeable benefit.  Also, the HSPA+ (up to 15 mbps) is huge.- Keyboard is top notch.- Swype is even better.  How did we ever live without this app?- Navigation makes my Navigon 2090 unnecessary.- Camera photo quality is better than my Olympus 850SW, not as good as my Nikon D40.- The touch screen is highly responsive and very sharp and crisp.  I like it better than the iPhone 4.- T-mobile just released an update to allow wi-fi calling, tethering and mobile hotspots from the G2.- Unlimited data at no extra cost (also unlike iPhone, unless your grandfathered in)Neutral:- Battery life.  I can't tell if it's because I can't stop using the phone, or if the battery life isn't as good as I would expect.  I charge it over night, and I'm down to 10-15% by bed time.- Screen hinge.  If you hold the phone screen-side down, it will slide open.  I was pretty worried about this before buying the phone, but who walks around holding their phone upside-down anyway?  This is not an issue that impedes usage, but more of a PR problem.  Still, it shouldn't happen.Cons:- The speaker phone isn't loud enough.- The ringer isn't loud enough either.- Why does wi-fi calling still use up my minutes?  I know the answer is $$$, but come on T-mobile!- Only 2 GB internal storage.  It comes with an 8 GB micro SD, but I'll still eventually get the biggest possible.  10 isn't enough.Conclusion:If you can live with the neutrals and cons, then get this phone.  Stick it to Apple and AT&T.;  Android, tethering and HSPA+ should be reasons enough.*****Update (11/20/10):It's been about 1.5 months since I got it, and I have to up my rating from 4 stars to 5.  I love this phone.  Google voice actions are just...wow. See for yourself:[...]I've learned to stretch my battery by managing apps.  I stop running apps after I'm done using them instead of letting them stay running in the background.  It's the price we pay for multi-tasking capability, but it's very easy to do and becomes a good habit.  Now by bed time, I usually have about 30-40% remaining.The ring-tone and alerts are louder than I first thought.  It must be the default ring-tone that sounds a bit muffled, so just experiment with them.What's the coolest thing about the G2?  Probably the interesting shade of red that comes over the faces of my friends and co-workers who have iPhone 4's when I show them what this baby can do.

I want to love this phone.  But it didn't cut it.  The android features work great.  The apps worked well and it was a fun upgrade from my palm centro on sprint.  However the phone itself is subpar.  The speaker phone feature does not work well and the call sound is not always clear.  I had tested an HTC arrive on sprint before trying this one and that phone worked beautifully (crystal clear calls and great speaker phone) however without the options for cool apps, I felt I was lacking in what the phone market has to offer these days.  So I really wanted a keyboard, I shopped around and found the G2 to seem to be a great phone.  However on top of the call quality being poor, Tmobile's service was terrible in Riverside, CA.  I got tons of dropped calls on the same conversation.  That is highly embarrassing on business calls.  Uh-Uh! I had to switch back to sprint quick and in a hurry! (Wifi calling was dropping calls also, don't let them fool you to think that is a fix all)Okay, a tip for all the people who swear they need a keyboard.  A good thing about this phone is swype. I no longer feel that I need a keyboard after using this phone and now I am able to choose from a much larger variety of phones.  So if you are worried about touchscreen,  Swype makes a keyboard obsolete!

This is review for T-Mobile G2 Android version 2.2 .This is phone is nice has lot of hardware support to run almost any app thrown on it .Have owned it for more than 6 months .Had no issues with the sliding keyboard in any angle.Google maps ,Navigation works well ,youtube and skype.This phone cannot be rooted !Do get the insurance as it helped me replacing the phone when the usb charger damaged.If you are a developer your apps will work fine for testing.The HSPA+ speed is really nice and OTA when in coverage area are super fast.Also buy the cover for the phone which is finger print magnet.This G2 has never crashed and works well with my motorola bluetooth headset Motorola Black MOTOROKR S305Motorola S305 Bluetooth Stereo Headset (Black)[Retail Packaging].Heard rumours that it is going out of market so you may get some good deals on it.I give it a 4 star.

I own this phone since the middle of December, and couldn't imagine owning another phone. I have to have a hardware keyboard or the phone is useless to me as I do a lot more than just talk on my phone. The keyboard on this thing i second to none, HTC really knows how to make a great phone keyboard. Within 2Hrs of owning it, I was back at my house and found on XDA, simple to follow instructions which unlocked, rooted (perm) and installed a custom ROM (Virtuous - Sense based). I use this thing heavily, wifi, tons of sms/email, bluetooth (Jabra BT3030 + NuForce NE-700X earbuds) so I can have awesome music quality while working. Installed Zagg Invisible Shield (full body) as soon as I got it.This Z Hinge issue everyone is making such a big deal out of is not an issue at all. You really have to be TRYING to make it open on it's own, for it to open on it's own. I carry my phone in my pocket most the time. I mean seriously who carries their phone "while holding only the edges of the back?" That's right, NO ONE! You would be dropping your phone every 2 seconds if you held it like that... I've even dropped this thing a few times, and even then the keyboard didn't open on it's own.This phone is SCREAMING fast when paired with a custom rom and a slight overclock (1Ghz). The phone is capable of 3000+ quadrant scores with a 1.7-1.9Ghz overclock (see XDA) and gets a very respectable 2200-2400 with a mild OC (1.2Ghz) on a Sense based ROM!!! That's freakin' awesome, and if you play any of the emulator rom games for psx/gba/snes, this makes gameplay smooth as butter! You have to be seriously trying to not like this phone. I will happily update after a few more months of heavy use.Can't wait to get either a seidio or mugen power 1700/1800mah slim battery so I can go a couple days (heavy use) between charges, without having to change my battery cover! With the stock battery and custom rom + mild OC (1.2Ghz) + HEAVY usage, I get between 8-10hrs on a charge, which is very respectable considering how utterly blazing fast this thing is! There are some wonderful programs which can help you get a lot more out of your phone, Tasker, Juice Defender just to name a couple.The only thing I would say was "poorly" designed would be the speakerphone speaker, while it's not that great, it does do what it is supposed to. Also, the placement of the camera could have been a little better, but the LED is SUPER BRIGHT for when you need to use your phone as a flashlight (for some reason that seems quite often for me... lol)Other Thoughts: Please just understand people while I feel this phone is pretty rugged compared to how it LOOKS. It is still just a nicely built smartphone and is prone to all kinds of issues if you're not careful enough with it, I am in no way saying this thing is delicate... just common sense people, common sense.

Had this phone for a week now, got it at T-Mobile with new service.  Stepping up from a Nokia N-Series there certainly is a learning curve but I wouldn't go back now.  I'll start by going over some device specific stuff as that's what review readers are probably most interested in, then I'll comment on Android 2.2 and a quick bit about my experience with T-Mobile.The ability of this device as an app machine is phenomenal, strictly as a phone its not so good as the Nokia or any other phone I've had. The speaker is terrible, speaker phone functionality is a joke, its underpowered and crackly at its higher volume.  The screen is a good size, not the portable theater size of some others but I'm happy with it.  There is a quality feeling to it and it is certainly quite heavy, but I think thats a good thing.  There is an aluminum plate on the back which gives it an industrial feel.  This is my first qwerty phone so I have no frame of reference but I will say I'm getting faster at it all the time and like it better than the screen based keyboards as it frees up screen space for content.  The hinge opening style of the keyboard is cool, time will tell if it is more or less durable than a slider.  I find the real estate taken by the little trackpad on the bottom of the face could have been better spent on a larger screen.  As for the 4g capability I don't live in an area with such coverage but looking forward to checking it out and I like having the capability.  I don't like the camera/flash as much as my old N-82 but it's descent and certainly processes the pictures much faster.  Battery life is good considering the processing power of this thing.  With normal use, some browser use, some tinkering and game play, it will last two days.  If I glue myself to the thing all day it needs a charge after one day but thats not bad.  My wife got the Vibrant and it lasts half as long given the same use, to be fair her screen is better but I like this phone much better over all.As for Android 2.2, bit of a learning curve but it gets more intuitive with time.  It's quite fast.  One downer for me is that it seems like because of the availability of aftermarket apps, some of the core features of the system are not very feature rich.  For instance the messaging app ensures you'll look elsewhere, its as basic as they come.  The browser is fast but very bare bones.  Those are minor gripes as of course there are a bazillion apps to replace what you don't like.  I've also found that in order to change certain settings I have to look into forums to figure things out because Google doesn't have enough in house resources to help you understand all the settings.  The navigation feature rocks, very intuitive with voice input and voice prompts, I was grinning ear to ear the first time I used it, better than my Garmin in many ways.  I'm just scratching the surface with Android and I'm having fun so far.As for T-Mobile, all is okay so far.  I've been with Verizon, then AT&T; over the years.  The store and call center folks have been very friendly and helpful.  The availability of a non-contract plan which is significantly cheaper is great.  Service is certainly cheaper and allowed me to get more phone and more service for my money as we both have unlimited internet now.  The big downer here is the cell coverage.  I work in the field service sector and I lack coverage in several buildings around town that I always had service in before with AT&T.;  As for data connectivity its even worse, the phone loses its connection within ten feet inside most buildings.  Honestly I can live with it, just a bit disappointed.I'm not sure who to blame but I do get frustrated when I can't delete preloaded apps that I don't want just because "the man" wants them there for good.  Hoping the good hacker folks out there will find a way to permanently root this thing or some such solution to ease my control freak issues here.I checked out a lot of phones before I picked this one and I would still pick this one in retrospect, I give it four stars really for the significant fail of the speaker, it really is awful.  Otherwise great phone with great capabilities.

I've got this phone for about 3 months. It is the first smartphone that I get to use most of its features - prior to this one was a Blackberry (without data package). Below are my takes on this phone.Pros:- It's cool because it is an Android phone :)- Nice screen (although the size is a little small compare to other HTC's)- Good Look/design but a little heavy (recommend for guys)- The swype and voice functions are pretty right on. With this swype feature you wouldn't need the keyboard.- Earphone that comes with this phone is pretty decent.Cons: (I have to be really critical on HTC because this phone is not the first generation and it's not cheap)- The screen occasionally went out during use (although hasn't happened lately)- The "hold" button is about where the ear loop is, so sometimes the conversation is put on hold by accident without you knowing it.- The only button to turn on the screen is the power button which can be inconvenient; sometimes I have the phone off, but I have the habit of checking the phone every few minutes which unintentionally turns on the phone. I would have to wait for about a minute for the phone to be fully on to turn it off. BTW, I think the wake-up button should have been at the front of the phone, at the reach of thumb, not at the tip of the index finger (Just imagine how you would hold the phone).- Can't zoom in/out when using apps such as gmail, google finance...- The notification light for missed calls, messages, and whatnot does not flash quickly enough; It flashes every 8 seconds, so if you quickly glance at the phone you may not notice it. I didn't have this problem with my BB.- The speaker phone is absolutely stupid (there should have been enough complaints about this). I don't think it costs more than a buck to have a decent speaker. Nowadays, laws regarding talking on the phone while driving are strict and cellphone's radiation is said to be harmful especially for a powerful phone like this, a decent speaker would be really helpful.- The Non standard mini USB connection seems fragile. I don't know why they decided to do this, but a non standard connection can be inconvenient at times.- The first phone I had, stopped charging after 3 weeks, so I came back to Costco to exchange for another one. Since they didn't have many choices, I just exchanged for the same kind, and this one seems to be ok.Overall, if I was to start over, I might choose a Galaxy-Android over this phone.

I tried a Droid 2 and came back to T-Mobile for the G2.  Apart from T-Mobile's better plans (I purchased mine outright for the privilege of spending $60/month instead of $80) I wanted a phone with an unlocked bootloader (other than that, the Droid 2 is also a great choice).  The G2 is really fast, and probably still the fastest phone with a keyboard (and don't worry about the hinge, mine is still fine)Eight months later, the G2 is STILL my favorite toy.  With a 32 GB microSDHC card, I have my entire music collection with me on the go, as well as fast internet and email, an excellent keyboard for texting or notetaking when artistic inspiration strikes, AND it makes calls.  Actually, I use it as a phone a LOT, thanks to a medium-distance girlfriend.It also turns out to be a great sound recorder for concerts, wide-beam flashlight, barcode scanner, Linux terminal, GPS recorder, and wireless modem.Why 4 stars?  Two things: Battery life is poor, and the phone sound quality and volume are not good either.  HTC is assuming you'll be using the phone as a mini laptop more than a phone.I have seen people claim they get 2 days of battery life out of this with heavy use; I get maybe 10-15 hours on a normal working day; absolute highest EVER was 52 hours when I left it on airplane mode the weekend before T-Mobile finally switched on my data plan.  That was without using it at all, basically.As for voice, the earpiece volume is just too quiet, and the back speaker is small and weak.  I'm surprised I haven't overdriven it yet.On the other hand: The G2 can easily be rooted and hardware-unlocked, and really should be.I thought I had a faulty unit (and I probably still do), but the CyanogenMod replacement OS and new radio firmware fixed nearly ALL my problems.CyanogenMod fixed my apparently broken proximity sensor that frequently had me continually putting my girlfriend on hold, the apparently broken messaging client that could neither send nor receive MMS messages, the pulsing trackpad light that's supposed to notify you of messages but only blinks once every 10 seconds, and I replaced the radio firmware with a newer version that actually gets me good signal in my apartment 100% of the time and doesn't give me horrible echo feedback.  CyanogenMod also gave me DSP settings so I could compensate for the weak speakers, unlocked the FM radio chip (yes, there's a hidden one), and added a neat trick where holding the volume up/down keys will seek between music tracks.  Did I mention I'm running Android 2.3.4 "Gingerbread" already?My particular device can't overclock and undervolt quite as much as everyone else on XDA-developers, but it's still a sweet deal.------------------------------Update (2 years later)The phone I had at the time I wrote the review was indeed faulty.  Since that time I've had 3 touchscreen digitizer failures, so I'm on my fourth (and hopefully final) G2; the longest a single G2 lasted me was about 14 months.  I'm not exactly feeling any love for HTC's build quality right now.On the upside, it's still a great phone.  Thanks to dedicated developers at XDA-developers, I'm now running CM10.1/Android 4.2.2, which is at the moment, the very latest version of Android available.  It's a little prone to force-closing now, but the G2 can still keep up.I'm sad that nobody seems to make high-end phones with physical keyboards any more.  Motorola, basically, although some of Samsung's refreshed Epic 4Gs (Captivate, Stratosphere) don't look all that bad...

I just ordered this phone for TMobile bc it was $200 for the full price, 4G, and it has a qwerty keyboard.Pro:-All apps run smoothly-The phone basically says what it does-Large screen and the trackpad makes it nice to scroll between words.-Easy to set up google functions such as Google Voice, Google Talk. Although I hate that it synced all my email contacts without my permission.Cons:-No fwd facing VGA camera-The camera snap button has to be pushed extra hard in order for the photo to snap.-The qwerty keys are spaced so far apart that it takes extra long to type on the keyboard; instead, swyping is much faster-The phone times out even while you're on a call. So if you have to use the dialpad, you have to unlock the phone, enter your PIN/Pattern, and then chase the phone screen, and then touch a button that says 'return to phone call in progress'- Wayyy too much effort for something that should be basic.-There is no LED notification at the top of the phone that will light up to notify you of a missed call/text/email. Instead, the trackpad at the bottom lights up in white, but it is barely noticeable. This is my biggest gripe with this phone.-The text message feature is horrible. Instead, you are expected to download an app called 'Handcent SMS' which is what your text messaging should normally look like.Overall, nice phone for the price but a little frustrating. By the way, this phone is considered discontinued, that is why you will only find it online.

I have been an Android user since the first Android phone was released, the G1.I was very happy with it, but my contract was up and I was looking for a new faster phone. The other wireless carriers did not have signal at my house on a hill, so I was definitely staying with T-Mobile. I naturally picked up the G2 when it was released.Pros :- the phone is very fast- the Android 2.2 live wallpapers are very nice, especially the live google map that shows traffic- there is recent ActiveSync support, which was unavailable on the G1- it runs Flash . The ergonomics are not very good given the small screen, but it is still nice to have.- the phone survived an overnight soak in water within a month of owning it, due to my cat dropping a glass of water on it that I had left on my desk. It didn't work very well for the next week and kept resetting itself, but after a few nights in my dry sauna, it revived itself. I haven't had any issue since.- Bluetooth support is improved compared to the G1 . Works nicely with my Prius 2007 and Panasonic home cordless phones.Cons :- Battery life is still very short, just like on the G1. I am a heavy user. Typically after taking it off the charger at 9am, it would run out of battery by 5pm, only 8 hours later. Not enough for one work day including commute. I solved this problem ordering a battery from China which makes the phone a lot bigger, but it never runs out again. This is the same thing I had to do on the G1.- The keyboard requires the use of the alt key for typing digits. This is ridiculous. It makes it MUCH more difficult to type passwords, for instance. There is no way to lock the keyboard into "alt" mode also to type multiple digits. It appears this compromise was made to reduce the size of the keyboard. IMO, it is a very bad compromise. I want my 5-row keyboard back ! The worst problem is when you mean to hit 0 and instead of typing Alt-0 , you type Alt-Del accidentally . Then it deletes the whole line, and you have to start over. The top row design is really very bad.- the pointing device is a touchpad, which is much worse than the trackball on the G1. Please bring the trackball back. Touchpads are the reason I cannot use laptop computers. I use trackballs on my desktop computers. Fortunately, the use of a pointing device is not critical to a mobile phone, so it is not that big of a problem. I just never use the touchpad.- it is too easy to turn the volume up and down accidentally due to the large volume button. This can prevent it from rining- wireless N wifi only works on the 2.4 GHz band, not 5 GHz

I love the G2. It's an awesome phone. I got the G1 when it came out, and have waited for my contract to qualify for an upgrade and for the right phone to be released.I'm glad I waited.The phone is incredible. The display is fantastic, and the speed is...well...zippy.The construction is solid, so you don't have to worry about the keyboard and display being loose or insecure.The voice commands are great in this newer version of the Android OS. You can speak a text message or email, and it's pretty accurate. It's a lot of phone.I got an screen protector to put on the glass because I don't want it getting scratched up.The tracking pad as opposed to the tracking ball takes a little getting used to. I haven't quite got the hang of it yet, but it's coming.I like that when a call is placed, to put the caller on speaker, you don't have to hit the menu button, there's an on-screen prompt that you can use or you could use the other option and enable a bluetooth headset.The swype keyboard is fantastic, and I find myself using the swype keyboard a lot more than I ever used the on screen keyboard of the G1.One thing that I did notice is that if you put the G2 in your pocket and have a little bit of pocket lint, the lint can get into the headphone jack or into the bottom hinge area of the phone. Lesson: keep your pockets clean.Fantastic phone.

I purchased this phone after using the G1 for almost 2 years and liking it a lot.  Everything on the G2 was fine with the exception of one important feature- the actually phone!  Everytime I called someone or recieved a call, the phone would either drop the call or the screen wouldn't lock so my cheek would hit the mute button or the end call button.  I called T-Mobile to find out how to lock the screen during a call and they suggested I adjust the time out to 15 second.  That didn't work because if the phone is lowered at all, it thinks you need to access the screen and unlocks by itself. Not to mention that each time I wanted to read a message or use an app for more than 15 secs, I'd have to readjust the timeout limit. On the G1 you just had to tap the screen to unlock it if you needed to access the screen during a call.  Otherwise it stayed locked, preventing your face from pressing any buttons.  And no, I don't have fat cheeks if you are wondering :)If anyone has a solution, please let me know otherwise this phone is on its way back.

Call Quality (9/10):It is a phone after all, and calls came in loud and clear.  However, once you switch to the speakerphone, the sound is a bit distorted and muffled.  Not the greatest speakerphone but i will live.Battery Life (7/10):Like all high-end smartphones, the battery life is not the greatest.  I can get through a day with some medium to heavy texting, light emailing, 3-4 short phone calls,  and some random apps.  Battery life compared to the Vibrant i owned previously is definitely a bit better.Screen (8/10):Compared with the Vibrant's OLED 4" screen, the G2's screen doesn't lag behind too much.  The colors are very nice and balanced with good viewing angles.  Unlike the vibrant's screen, it was difficult to view in direct sunlight.  I also felt that the multi-touch screen typing on the vibrant was much more accurate than the G2.  But then again, i mostly use the qwerty keypad most of the time anyways.The keyboard (9/10):Having been a big fan of blackberries and owning several previous models, the keyboard at first was large and awkward to type on.  However, once you get some practice in, it becomes much easier and your speeds do noticeably increase.  The keys are raised nicely and have a nice tactile feel.The Camera (8/10):I feel safe leaving my P&S; camera at home while having the G2 around.  The picture quality is very good in outdoor situations.  Indoor with moderate lighting, you can still get decent shots.  And when there isn't enough light, the flash will come on to provide some nicely lit pictures (most of the time).The track pad (?):I'm not quite sure HTC decided to include the optical track pad because it seems redundant when you have a touchscreen.  I hardly ever touch it and only seems to be a hindrance when i sometimes run my finger over it by accident.Android 2.2 (9/10):Works quite well without any major problems.  However, sometimes i've noticed that the contacts app will crash and restart.  This has happened on stock android in both the Vibrant and G2 that i have owned. Having flash integration is nice but it lacks certain web pages a bit and makes browsing not as pleasant.  If you use any google services like gmail, he integration into android is superb and no other OS will beat it in this department.  The 800mhz processor does not put it down at all, it can run with the "faster" phones easily.  4g data is noticeably faster than 3g data.Keyboard Mechanism (3/10):It has already been reported by a great many people that the mechanism is loose but tmobile refuses to acknowledge that there is a widespread problem.  I've learned to live with it but really wish they had just put in a regular slide mechanism.Overall Design (8/10):The use of metallic plating around the phone is very nice high-end touch and gives the phone a nice expensive heft to it.  Don't put keys in the same pocket as your phone because the screen will scratch which i have learned from experience.  The phone itself is not overly thick so its comfortable in your jean pocket.Bottom line:If Tmobile is the only provider you think about getting a phone from, the best phones will be the G2, Vibrant, or the MyTouch 4g.  I would stay away from first generation wp7, and wouldn't use a blackberry unless its for work.  And if a physical keyboard is a must have for your next phone, this is the phone to get.  Tmobile is releasing the Galaxy S 4g, a refresh for the vibrant which isn't much of an update considering it still lacks many features that should be on the vibrant in the first place.  If you don't care about the physical keypad, then the mytouch 4g is the way to go.

Pros:This is an all around great phone.  4g is incredibly fast.  The slide out keyboard is a must for me after struggling with the Nexus One virtual keyboard.  Screen resolution is just right.  800mhz processor runs smoothly and quickly.Cons:Only Problem with this phone is the design of the slide out keyboard, I miss the security of the G1 keyboard even though it was cumbersome.  At times if you aren't careful while holding this phone the keyboard will slide out unexpectedly, sometimes causing the phone to slip out of your hands.  There is nothing that holds the keyboard securely into place when not in use except by holding it vertically.If you are in need of a physical keyboard on a smartphone on T-Mobile look no further.

I've had this phone since it came out. There really aren't any complaints about how it's worked since I got it other than things I knew before going in.The speakerphone isn't the greatest... a little tinny.The physical keyboard could be better, like the G1 was.The screen could be larger.Battery life is better than most, but still not the greatest.Now, the battery life problem I've been able to fix with an aftermarket battery I got from ebay. I can now go 2 days of light use, or 1.3 days of heavy use before needing a charge.The developer support for this phone is great. If you decide to root it (which is fairly easy) you will then have your choice of which ROM to install. Try em all and see what you like. You can also overclock, unlock the FM radio, and all kinds of other fun things that come with rooting your phone. See XDA for more info on that.So far there isn't any application that the phone can't run, and run well. The screen is great with crisp bright colors. The only screen I've seen that is better is the Galaxy S phones with their black levels. The metallic look of the phone is very professional. The camera takes decent pictures, 4G works well, the GPS connects quickly and locks right on, bluetooth paired to my car's stereo the first time I tried (so I can play music on my phone and listen through my car speakers).Well, I'm not sure what else to say about the phone except look at the number of stars this phone got when compared to other phones on the market. If you want a 4G phone that works right out of the box, looks great, and won't let you down (yeah, I've dropped it a couple times), then this is the phone to get. Oh, and I'd also recommend getting a clear skin for it. You don't want to scratch up that nice metallic finish on the back!

This is, by far, the best phone I've ever owned.The screen is responsive and very accurate.The typing is dead on and the Swype typing app is amazing!I use Swype every time I need to send a text, email, blog, etc...The screen is beautiful. Bright, sharp, fantastic.It's got wifi, so when I'm in my basement I just use the wifi calling and I never drop a call.I also shut off the APN (Cell Data) and my $10 a month data plan is more than enough for my data needs.The apps are great and most are free.Angry Birds, document apps to sync with Google docs, maps, technical news, eBay, Craigslist, task syncing, virus scanners, Blogger, geo tracker, fantasy football league manager, network tools, office apps, weather, tv guide, twitter, even a flashlight!There are 'Widgets' you can download for free from the Market app.The Widgets let you turn things on and off without going through the Settings menus.APN, GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi, Data Sync, the list goes on and on.If you cant get an iPhone, this is not really a compromise. I have an ipad and ipod touch and this phone is as responsive as an itouch in my opinion. And the screen is just a beautiful.

PROS: Seriously the best phone currently on the market, HSPA+ is great if you can get it.CONS: Undersized spacebar, Android is occasionally buggy, screen doesn't quite measure up when compared to the competition.I did a fair bit of research before finally taking the plunge on a smartphone.  After spending a fair amount of time playing with the G2, iPhone, Samsung Vibrant and Epic, Droid, and a couple of less-noteworthy phones, the choice was clear.  The G2 is without a doubt the best smartphone out there right now for my needs.I remember when the specs were first announced, a lot of people scoffed that the processor was "only" 800 MHz, but let me tell you, this phone is no slouch.  I actually found it to be smoother and more responsive than my friend's Vibrant, which is likely due to the G2 coming with a near-stock version of Android.Upon unboxing the phone, the first thing I noticed was that it was heavier than I'd expected.  That's not really a complaint for me, as I'll easily notice if it's not in my pocket and it really makes it feel like a solid product.  But the weight might be a drawback for some.  The phone is also slightly larger than I was expecting; it's about the same size as the iPhone, but noticeably thicker.  Still, the phone is overall very sleek and stylish and feels very solidly built.  The z-hinge in particular feels like it will hold up well over time.Setup of the phone was a breeze.  I simply entered my Google and Facebook login credentials and I was good to go (no Twitter for me, thanks).  The one thing that was a little off-putting about the setup was that it synced my gmail contacts rather than pulling contact info from the SIM card.  Most of my gmail contacts didn't have phone numbers associated with them, so it took me a few minutes to go through and enter all that info into my contacts (I did it on my computer to expedite the process).  Also, I'm not totally certain, but I think it might pay off to have your gmail contacts in groups (e.g. family, friends).  That way, you only have to deselect "All Other Contacts" to keep from syncing every last person you've ever emailed.  It also automatically synced all my Facebook contacts, but the setting to turn that off was easy enough to find (and turning it off automatically removed all of those contacts).I did have one minor issue when setting up Google Voice.  I'd set it up and listened to the introductory message.  I then archived it, but it still showed a new message indicator in the status bar.  Long story short, I had to switch back to my T-Mobile voicemail and check for messages there.  Oddly, there weren't any, but that made the notification go away.  I've since had no problems using Google Voice.  It was probably more of a T-Mobile issue than an issue with the phone, but I thought I'd mention it anyway.The screen, while nice, is one of the few areas the G2 doesn't quite stack up against its competitors, namely the iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S phones.  The 3.7" screen is not only smaller than the others, but is also less sharp and vibrant.  Putting a screen protector on it only makes the screen duller, but overall it's still good.  I have noticed that the screen occasionally registers touches when I'm typing on the physical keyboard, but I think that may be due to the screen protector.The slide-out QWERTY keyboard is really what sold me on the G2.  I've never been a fan of typing on a touchscreen, and while typing on the G2's touchscreen is just as good as most other phones out there and Swype is a nice alternative, the keyboard is where the G2 really shines.  Keys feel solid and responsive and are spaced adequately so as to prevent multiple key presses.  The biggest complaint I have about the keyboard is that the spacebar is smaller than it should be.  It only reaches across 3 keys on the G2, whereas a standard QWERTY keyboard has the spacebar reaching across over 5 keys.  Personally, I wish they'd foregone the programmable Quick Keys in favor of extending the spacebar, and maybe allocated one of them for a more commonly used symbol, such as the apostrophe or exclamation mark.  In fact, the narrow spacebar led to the occasional accidental press of one of the Quick Keys, which resulted in the opening of the programmed app.  As a result, I no longer have apps programmed to the Quick Keys.  It'd be a nice compromise to be able to program text/characters to them.  But despite these minor shortcomings, the keyboard is still fantastic and is one of the top selling points of the G2.The G2's camera works well enough, but it won't be replacing my point-and-shoot anytime soon.  The LED flash seems to do a decent job (and serves as a nice flashlight too).  A number of other reviews have mentioned the lack of a front-facing camera as a drawback, but I personally have no use for this feature, so it doesn't bother me.Battery life on the phone is good, but not great.  Again, this is my first smartphone, so I had to quickly get accustomed to charging my phone every night rather than every few days.  It's easy to drain the battery completely within mere hours if it's not set up right.  After making a number of tweaks to what does/doesn't sync and what services are allowed to constantly run in the background, I'm able to get through an average full day of use (8am-11pm) with about 30% battery remaining.  I carry a micro USB cable in my bag for heavy use days, and am strongly considering picking up a car charger in the future.On the software front, the G2 ships with a near-stock version of Android 2.2 (Froyo).  I knew early on that I wanted an Android phone, largely because I wasn't willing to switch to AT&T; for the iPhone.  Though T-Mobile has make some very minor tweaks and loaded some unnecessary apps on the phone, it still runs smoother than most of the other Android phones I've played with.  Android still has room for improvement however, as I've experienced 3-4 crashes during my time with the phone (to the point that I actually had to remove the battery), though that may be due to some of the apps I've downloaded.  Android can also be somewhat obtuse at times.  Uninstalling unwanted apps, for example, is more difficult than it should be; I strongly recommend downloading an uninstaller app.Call quality on the phone is better than any phone I've owned, though that isn't saying much.  I do wish the speaker was louder, though it's usually loud enough for me to hear unless I'm in a really noisy environment.  Accessing the internet using HSPA+ (T-Mobile's idea of 4G) is snappy and puts all of my friends' phones to shame.  Luckily, I'm able to get a full HSPA+ connection just about anywhere in the Seattle/Bellevue area...except inside my apartment.  For whatever reason, my phone always has trouble maintaining any kind of connection when I'm at home, though that's a problem I've had with past phones as well, so it's more likely a problem with my apartment if not T-Mobile.  Thankfully, I can just use Wifi calling when I'm at home.  Problem solved!I know I've probably dedicated more words to the negatives of the G2 than I have the positives.  To be honest, all of the shortcomings of the G2 are relatively minor when compared to how the phone excels in every other way.  I know it doesn't read like a 5-star phone, but trust me, this is hands-down the best Android phone and, in my opinion, the best phone currently available on the market.  It's not a perfect phone, but there will always be room for improvement.  As anecdotal proof of how awesome the G2 is, the first weekend I had it, my partner spent some time playing with it.  Less than 48 hours later, we were at the T-Mobile store getting another G2 to replace her ancient (by comparison) myTouch 3G.  It's the first phone I've owned where after 2 months of owning it, I'm still in love with it.  Do yourself a favor and buy it, or at least go to a T-Mobile store and spend some hands-on time with it.  You won't regret it.

I switched from a G1 To a G2 I was so excited i receive  my G2 . For starters it felt so much better than the G1 and major step up.  The slide keyboard was kinda small for my fingers .  The top row  had little space and  felt like the top part of the phone was in the way.  Great app marketi was able to put a live snow storm on my screen saver. Nice screen and Blazing fast speed.Now for the down side, after every time i used this wonderful phone i would get a headache,  please use your wired ear piece,  it happened after very  conversation a couple of seconds after i hung up.  I called  T-mobile and told them the phone was too powerful for me  and the reply was your volume must be to high so i lowered it and tried it again.  As much as i wanted to keep it , i started texting people and just having the phone in my hand i could feel the power from that thing once again headache.  I switched back to my g! and felt nothing,  Im not sure if its the phone or the New G4 network either was something has too much power, not cool to get headaches..I took the phone back and the lady a t-mobile switched to me to an Older my touch and everything is back to normal.

I'm a former iPhone 3g user,* and a complete Android novice, so I thought I'd just give some of my impressions for the novices/newbies/potential switchers. Read the other reviews for more technical assessments. This phone is astoundingly fast and stable compared to my older iPhone. Apps are more stable, and phone calls are dropped less frequently with T-Mobile for some reason. The touch screen is a bit less sensitive than the iPhone, but once you are used to it, it's fine. One large difference for me is that when you move to Android, you see how tightly controlled the iPhone universe is. That's not necessarily a bad thing, especially if you don't want to play around with the device, but compared to the openness of the Android platform it suddenly felt restrictive and confining. And as a user of many Google services, I like the tight integration.Am I glad I switched? Absolutely. I had no particular quarrel with AT&T;'s signal and service, but the device itself was simply going kablooie too frequently (incidentally, my most recent iPhone was a swap for a refurb at the Apple store, as my first iPhone crashed and was unrepairable). For me, areas where the G2 soundly beats at least the older iPhones are: multiple keyboards, fewer app crashes, ability to modify your phone, speed and general array of useful features that you can customize. I can't see returning to an iPhone. As for the slider keyboard, maybe it's just me, but I don't see how the keyboard would slide out on its own as mine requires pushing through some stiffness.And no I'm not an Android fanboi, at least not yet. The downsides of the phone include a lack of good accessories, fast battery drain (even after killing apps), and lousy speaker, and at least so far, the limited number of apps compared to the Apple closed universe.*Yes, I know the 3gs and the 4 are faster, but that's not relevant here, as these are the phones that I am familiar with. Even accounting for the age of the 3g iPhone, the G2 is so much faster that the difference cannot be explained only by the age of my 3g. I'm talking here about processing speed, not network speed.

Cons:-Android Market is still growing, people who make apps are still in favor of the iPhone-HSPA not consistent, even if Tmobile is now part of AT&T;-Camera could be a little better. HD vids/pics are not as great as they could be (they could only cram so much into a phone)-Hinge does pose an immediate concern, but I feel it's better than the wear and tear of sliding.-No front facing camera like iPhone 4Pros:-Very flexible configurations, it's like having a portable computer-Mp3, Navigation, Internet, Phone, computer all in one (there are even attachments that let you accept credit card payments!)Suggestions:-Get the Lookout App (Helps you recover lost/stolen phones)-Get the Android Task Killer (Kills unused tasks in the background to free up memory and battery life)-Get a battery manager (the standard battery monitor doesn't tell you how much time you have left)I've had this phone for about half a year now. The continual updates keeps my phone running in top condition. I've had Windows based smart phones in the past before, but the Android Operating system is the best so far. It's worth buying because it's got the most features out of all the Android phones currently out.

since feb 2011, this phone is a good, not great from the g1. display gets turned off periodically after making calls so if u need to add a call or put calls on hold, MILDLY ANNOYING. Sound level poor, 1 must turn on speaker phone to hear well. 4 stars for usefullness & ease of use. Apps great with docs, spreadsheets to go, free gps navigation, notes, & YES, BIBLE AVAILABILITY FROM "YOU VERSION"= 6STARS. 1 CAN LISTEN TO THE BIBLE FOR FREE, THAT I LISTEN TO IT NIGHTLY.

My phone has slowly been getting progressivly worse. The screen doesnt even work anymore.I took care of my phone to the fullest & it still has failed me.

This phone is top-notch.  It does everything I'd want a smart phone to do, except maybe play some "real" games (3D-capable, decent control set...I still have my NGage).  Physically, it's very nice looking and tastefully designed, and not gaudy or overly-designed.  I love the brushed stainless steel.  It's fast and responsive, without the proprietary brand clutter non-sense.  The physical QWERTY keyboard is excellent and is what really sold it for me when I bought it, and I really appreciate not having to rely on a touch screen keyboard.  Those things drive me nuts!  For women with smaller fingers, or who use their nails to more accurately touch the screen and type, I'm sure those work well.  For me and my man-sized hands and fingers (and no nails), this is sooo much better.On the other hand there are a couple of things I really want them to change for the next version.  One, the swing-out keyboard needs to have a lot more tension on the springs.  It will almost fall open on its own, and likewise will close itself far too easily.  I have no idea what they were thinking by creating so little tension here.Only failure I've had was after a year, the power plug stopped working.  It simply wouldn't allow the battery to charge anymore.  But I was qualified to have a free replacement so T-Mobile got one out to me very quickly. Thanks!Another issue, which is my one big complaint and which really bugs me the most, are the "touch" Android buttons across the bottom of the screen.  One slight accidental touch and you'll close the app you were working on, or you'll accidentally hit the back button.  That's just plain obnoxious!  These buttons should be actual physical push buttons.  This is already a $500 top-of-the-line phone; putting in four small much more functional REAL buttons can't be that much of a cost issue.  If the G3 has that, and a tighter tension for the keyboard, and remains as useable and powerful as the G2, I'll give it a solid 5+ stars.  For this version, I give it a 4.5 stars.

I purchased this phone because it supports wi-fi calling.  I've tried it on a multitude of networks, including Starbucks and various commercial places.  The only place it works is in the T-Mobile store.  I've spent several hours on the phone with support, and they are unable to get it working.  It's a bummer, because I really like the phone otherwise.UPDATE 1/20/12:  I finally got the wi-fi working.  It was a simple issue that my ISP figured out (it requires a public IP address...no one at tech support ever knew that).  I couldn't use Skype because I wanted to receive texts as well as calls, and I wanted to be able to text.  I don't have cell service at my home.  Wi-fi is a perfect solution!  It works great, and the phone is terrific.

I'm an electronic freak, this is not my first smart phone but it is by far the best I ever had! Everything from the style, color, the apps and not to mention the keyboard is amazing.  I will be having this phone for a while, well at least until the G3!

I recently have switched from Verizon to T-mobile, due to dissatisfaction with Verizon's customer service. First off, the folks at T-mobile have been very helpful and friendly over the phone and in the store, as opposed to the majority of the people I dealt with at Verizon who tend to treat you like you don'k know what you are talking about.I've learned one VERY important thing, and that is not to order a phone without trying it first. I was blown away by the specs at the HTC HD2, and didn't think Window's Mobile would be a big deal due to the fact the Windows market place has "thousands of apps" and the beautiful 4.3" screen. That and the fact that I have Windows on my computer and don't have an issue there, what could go wrong? Well, after having a Droid on the Verizon network for over a year, I realized how much I truly enjoyed the intuitiveness and overall enjoyment of the Android experience. My wife doesn't mind Windows Mobile, so she took that phone and I proceeded to get another one for the account. I decided to go into the local T-mobile store to get a hands-on experience with their top two Android phones, the Samsung Vibrant and the G2. I've read good and bad things about both, most of it based on user preference. I first tried out the Vibrant, which at first glance is completely stunning. Easily the best screen I've seen on a phone (including the latest iphone). But the user interface Samsung put over Android seemed to mar what Android was supposed to be about. Why change something in itself that is already great? Next I went to the G2, and instantly the heavier weight and overall quality build set a good first impression. Next I opened the phone a few times to see what all the fuss was about the hinge, and I actually like the smooth motion. It didn't do any of the weird hanging I've been hearing about. Within seconds I was right at home moving between screens, opening apps, moving stuff around. Feels very similar to the Droid except on steroids! All the apps I've downloaded (20 or so to this point) have worked almost flawlessly. Everything opens almost instantaneously, the camera takes sharp, precise pictures with virtually no lag, and the screen has a beautiful, bright display. All good so far!So after purchasing the phone, some minor issues have crept up, that will hopefully be addressed by T-mobile. The known problem of calls being dropped and 3G being erratic are true. I can be sitting in one spot, and be at 3G/4G to having absolutely no signal within seconds. It just doesn't make any sense. Also, the battery life is not good what so ever. I manage the programs that run in the background and keep the screen off when not in use, yet I seem to be charging the phone twice a day. I'm going to look in to a longer-life battery for this item. Seems like they aren't that expensive, so it may be worth a shot. That and the only other minor gripe is Mabilo ringtones doesn't work nearly as well on this device as it did with the Droid, as any ringtone I assign seems to skip like a scratched cd. If anyone has a fix for this, I'd love to hear it!Overall if you are a T-mobile customer looking to switch to Android or upgrade, you simply can not go wrong with this phone, unless the most important thing to you is a screen over 4" and watching Avatar on your phone. I'm looking forward to the exciting things coming our way from Android and T-mobile!

I'll try and keep my review short and simple. I've had the G1 since launch around December/January and with my contract ending, I was worried because T-Mo didn't have any decent phones that I liked and by decent, I mean Stock Android and hardware qwerty keyboard. Along came the G2 and from the moment the features were announced, I was sold. If you are reading this review, you have most likely read the other reviews above or under me and have read reviews from around the web like Engadget, Phonedog etc. What I'll be doing here is letting you know of MY user experience and how the phone compares to what is being said of it out there.First off, like everyone has been saying already, the main highlight of this phone is that it's FAST! Don't let the 800Mhz processor fool you. This is a second gen snapdragon so it's faster than the 1st gen snapdragon found in phones like the Evo, Droid 2( I believe) etc. Apps load up right as soon as you click on them, screens slide with absolutely NO stutter. Web pages (I mean the type you would expect on your computer aka HTML) load really FAST. Of course this is due to the upgrade in T-Mobile's network to HSPA+ but also has a lot to do with the processor being able to handle all the tasks being thrown at it from the browser.The battery is GREAT! During my test day, I charged it up to full and by 1 pm it was just at 81% after using the GPS navigation to commute to work, a few calls here and there and an email check in. At the end of the day, my battery stood hung around 50%. The phone (Android 2.2) does a great job of closing apps that are not being used unlike previous Androids that simply leave them running in the background. It even automatically turns off the GPS once you arrive at your destination which is great. It's absolutely a disaster to unlock your phone and find out that you left your GPS on all day at work and are now facing a red colored battery bar.Anyway, I am just here to address the common problems that most reviews found with it such as the famous "Z-hinge". Most reviews complain of a loose hinge or if the phone is held at a certain angle, it slides out. I don't know if I just happen to be lucky or if I am holding a "newer" model but I don't have any of those problems. It slides out when I want it to and stays put when I want it too. My only gripe is that you can't slide it while holding the phone vertically. I think this has something to do with using force from both hands to push the slider up. It's not really a big deal with me but just thought I should point that out.Another problem was the speaker. Most reviews complain that it is too tinny. Is it? Yes, I am going to agree with them on this. Don't get me wrong. For the most part, if you have a call on speakerphone, you can hear it pretty good but you have to be in a quiet room. If you end up in a noisy place like say on the side of the road or a house full of people, you're out of luck. Don't expect to blast any music out of this one unless you're alone in your room or somewhere quiet.SOME reviews went on to complain about the camera but maybe I just have low expectations for a phone camera but for a 5mp camera, the pictures come out great to me and it is capable of recording in HD. I haven't tried it out yet so I can't speak much but the two or three pictures that I've taken so far look good. I haven't tried out the HD video either. Don't expect this to replace your HD camcorder or digital camera but for something to snap those off moment pictures, it will do the job great.Well, that's it. You might be wondering why I gave it 5 stars despite all the bad things I addressed. The G2 is a a great phone and a worthy successor to the Granddaddy of Android (The G1). With stock Android, you're guaranteed of the fastest and latest updates compared to other phones like the Droid X, Evo 4G amongst others which have all sorts of manufacturer skins painted over them. You have the awesome choice of a hard or soft keyboard, the ability to turn your phone into a blooming wifi hotspot for your other devices and even your friends'. A top of the line processor that will last you well through your contract and of course, Android 2.2. If you're on T-Mobile, this and the MyTouch 4G are pretty much your only good options for strong Android smartphones in terms of release dates.I hope I've been able to address any fears or questions you had about the device. If you have any more thoughts, questions or you simply want to let me know of anything I didn't include in the review then let me know.

Strengths:+ Speed is the most important, and HSPA+ especially delivers!+ Phone has a solid construction (except for the keyboard hinge - see below) and fits pockets comfortably.+ Call quality is very good.+ Voice recognition is amazingly accurate and useful!+ Bluetooth and wireless connections work very reliably.+ Integration with Google applications is seamless.+ The camera, with and without flash, takes very good pictures (although the flash can wash out some close-ups)+ Swype text entry is fun, and usually quicker than screen-tap text entry, but then again, there's the pull-out keyboard, too.+ Google GPS Navigation is amazing! (Try voice searching for a destination and see how quickly the phone gets you on your way!)+ Android 2.2 is a major step up for those of us who slogged around since 1.5 and 1.6, and now that Amazon has (finally!) opened up its Android apps market, things will just keep getting better for Android users!  With the phone's processor speed and 2.2 (Froyo) on board, playing games, web surfing, and video watching are quick and smooth.+ Access to the battery does not require disassembling the case.+ Charging cable is MICRO-USB, not mini as on previous phones, which provides a solid connection.Areas for Improvement:- Battery life REQUIRES using something like 'Green Power Free' or some other battery monitor AND a task killer like 'Advanced Task Killer Free'.  Plus, the initial settings, such as the Photobucket, Twitter, and Facebook apps need to be changed so that they won't suck your battery power down to nothing in a couple hours.  Battery life is very much user-dependent.- The keys on the keyboard may or may not be something you can work with.  Key spacing and height, and their arrangement, may not be to your liking.  Try before you buy!!!- The fly-out "hinge" mechanism is similar to what the G1 had, but doesn't snap into the open position as well.  As a result, when you type with the screen (top) tilted forward (say, as you text in bed), the hinge tends to swing back toward you awkwardly.- It's not easy, and sometimes downright impossible, to remove the "built-in" apps.- The trackpad is not nearly as responsive as the old trackball was on the G1.Things to be aware of:* The micro-USB means that if you had chargers and cables for mini-USB plugs, they won't be of much use to you now.  Be aware of the cable type when selecting accessories that plug into the phone.* Phone uses a standard 3.5mm stereo headphone jack.* Because of the fly-out keyboard design, after-market protective case covers are a bit of a compromise, and may affect the hinging mechanism because of the way the cover parts have to clamp onto the back and front sections.  It's likely you'll tend toward not having any case cover at all.* The brushed-metal battery door on the back scratches very easily.* There are three assignable keys on the keyboard, but you'll probably have little need because the Android interface is already pretty efficient.* The four buttons on the bottom of the phone are not mechanical buttons but resistive touch; likewise, the trackpad. However, the shutter switch, and the power switch are both mechanical switches, and the battery door has a sliding tab to open it.* T-Mobile doesn't have the coverage that the "Big 2" have, except in major metro areas, but their website is honest about where their coverage extends and where it doesn't.  Look there before purchasing.* AT&T; just announced (March 2011) its plan to purchase T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekomm.  Nothing will likely go through for at least a year, and they're claiming they will honor existing contracts.  Sprint has said it will challenge the purchase on antitrust grounds, and have also been in the running to purchase T-Mobile themselves.  (My preference would be for Sprint to win this battle, but it's not likely at the moment)* T-Mobile no longer offers the My Faves plan on new contracts.All in all, this phone is as well-integrated a smartphone as you're likely to find.  I seldom have to think about it when I'm using it, other than to remember, oh yeah, my phone can do that!  It just works!  Take a serious look at this if you're a T-Mobile customer, or considering a switch.  I live in a large metro area served by HSPA+ already, so everything works as advertised, but your mileage may vary depending on where you live.

Hello my name is Ronald Smith and for the last 3 or 4 years i have been in search of the perfect phone for me.Once i came across the g2 i knew it was the perfect phone for me touch screen,flip out keyboard, and a wonderful music player were just some of the features that sold me to buy this phone. Previously i have been alternating between the Nokia Nuron and the Sasung Gravuty Touch so i guess i could say this is my first REAL! smartphone and i am really enjoying it. the Tmobile G2 has made social networking, calling, texting, internet browsing, and much more faster than i have ever experienced and until Tmobile comes out with a phone that does what the Tmobile G2 does and more ( which does not include the G2x or MyTouch )my G2 will stay in my pocket along with my BOSE headphone ( perfect pair guarantee )

I bought this from Radio shack as they were giving it at $150 so it was definitely cheaper.  The phone seems good, lots of responsive android apps.  However comparing it to my friends iPhones I feel this is not as good! The interface is definitely much less responsive compared to iPhones.  It takes a while for it to tilt.  Also the battery life definitely sucks.  I don't even use the phone that much and the battery goes down very quickly.  I have tried many tweaks, turning the screen brightness to low, changing push / pull settings on my ActiveSync but the batter life still sucks.  The Radio shack guy said that I should buy a non-stock battery.So the phone is good but I do feel that I should have spent a few extra bucks and just bought a iPhone.  However T-Mobile does not have iPhone and I like T-Mobile so guess I am stuck with this.

To the person trying to get wi-fi and going to the t-mobile store to get help.  Those people that work there don't know what their doing.  Just try everything yourself.  Had to go to the store cause I couldn't get internet and they tried everything they said.  Got home played around trying everything and lo and behold fixed it myself.  If the phone is supposed to work with wi-fi it will just don't give up.

I've had this phone for over a year and adore it.  The processor is snappy while being underclocked to 800mhz.  This makes my battery last up to 5 days if my phone is idling (battery life went from good to great after the update from froyo to gingerbread).  The physical keyboard is great to use since my fingers generally don't do well on touchscreen keyboards.  But my favorite thing about this phone is the stock Android OS.  There is no tacky UI designed by a company whose expertise is in hardware.  Instead we get Android as Google intended.I should note that I'm a person who uses the web mainly to check stock quotes, sports scores, emails, etc.  I don't conduct any business from my phone and can't speak to how the phone would fare for a business user.

The T-Mobile G2 (HTC Vision) is a Gizmologist's dream come true.Currently THE FASTEST phone there is. (thanks to modders)Rootable, Nand-unlockableOverclockable to a stable 1.8ghz (I'm running mine at "only" 1.5ghz due to laziness to reinstall the 1.8ghz mod after CM6.1 RC1 install)Everything just works excellentlyFantastic keyboardIt can do whatever you want a phone to do. I thought to myself "I bet it can't monitor my heartrate"  Well guess what? It can!!!IMO, the nicest screen.Doesn't feel like a thin pathetic toy."4G" speeds (HSPA+)In a fleet of phones, It's the Admiral.Need I say more?
